PHOENIXVILLE , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- After 22 years in private practice and seeing people "  kicked around by the system , " Dr. Lorna Stuart found herself frustrated with the number of insurance companies and the rules and restrictions that came with them . Because there 's no insurance paperwork , Dr. Lorna Stuart says she has more time to spend talking with patients . "  The day-to-day time that I spent on paperwork was increasing , while my patients were n't getting the good care that I wanted to give them -- face-to-face time , one-on-one time , " she recalls . "  I vowed to do whatever little I could about this inequity of care . " For Stuart , that vow came in the form of opening her own clinic and treating the uninsured . "  Every single person knows somebody without health insurance , " says Stuart . "  There are so many people that fall through the cracks . " According to the U.S. Census Bureau , approximately 47 million Americans are currently without medical coverage . So Stuart set out to alleviate that problem where she could -- in her old steel town of Phoenixville , Pennsylvania . She confided her desire to start a clinic in the Rev. Marie Swayze , her friend whose parish property was home to a Victorian-style rectory that had become dilapidated from disuse . The two concocted a plan to restore and remodel the mansion into a place that anyone would be happy to visit for quality medical care . Then , leaving private practice , Stuart sold her house and set out to raise $ 400,000 in donated funds , materials and services . In 2002 , these efforts resulted in "  The Clinic : Medical Center for the Uninsured , " a charitable , sun-filled clinic that has since received more than 40,000 patient visits . Individuals receive free or low-cost primary medical care across eight specialties , regardless of income or locality . Watch Stuart explain how her healthcare dream came true " "  Since there 's no need to spend a lot of time doing paperwork , we have time to talk to the patient and really hear what they 're saying , " says Stuart . "  So the patients go away feeling they 've been heard , that they 've been helped . " An arsenal of more than 100 local volunteers , including 20 retired and practicing physicians , assist Stuart in providing expert medical services to more than 800 patients per month from across the southeastern Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Delaware area . She even invested in Spanish language audiotape lessons to better communicate with her Spanish-speaking clients . Patients are informed that each visit costs about $ 60 , but they are only expected to contribute what they can toward their care . Watch Stuart explain the benefits of visiting "  The Clinic " " "  Many patients pay as little as a dollar or even 50 cents for the same dignified care that patients contributing in full receive , " says Mary Ellen Smith , The Clinic 's medical resource coordinator . Patient contributions account for 20 percent of The Clinic 's $ 900,000 annual operating budget . The rest comes exclusively from private grants and donations . If The Clinic accepted money made available through government aid programs , they would be significantly restricted in terms of whom they would be allowed to treat , and how . For Stuart , giving good old-fashioned care again has restored her sense of fulfillment . Watch Stuart explain how her clinic provides care to the uninsured " "  Each day , I get to treat the patients whom our medical system has forgotten , without the hassle of insurance paperwork , " says Stuart . "  Is it any wonder I once again feel the real joy of practicing the craft that I love ? " E-mail to a friend	Doctor quit private practice , sold her house to open clinic for uninsured Clinic is housed in restored Victorian-style rectory in old Pennsylvania steel town Patients pay what they can , even if as little as a dollar or 50 cents With help from volunteers , including doctors , clinic has reveived 40,000 patient visits
CNN  -- India has overtaken China as the world 's biggest importer of weapons , with Asian nations the most aggressive consumers of military hardware , a new report says . Between 2007 and 2011 , India 's business accounted for 10 % of the global arms market , according to data from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute  SIPRI  . South Korea was next , accounting for 6 % of sales , followed by Pakistan and China  5 %  and Singapore  4 %  . Siemon Wezeman , a senior analyst with SIPRI , said India 's defense spending reflects its regional security concerns and Delhi 's global aspirations . "  India procures arms in relation to its tense relationship with Pakistan and increasingly sees China as a potential threat , " he told CNN . "  It also wants to assert itself as a major regional or even global power . " Much of this expenditure has focused on the modernization of its armed forces with the purchase of fighter jets and warships , according to The Hindu . Meanwhile , China 's relative decline as an arms importer comes at a time when it is increasing its overall defense budget , investing in major projects such as the development of a stealth fighter jet and an aircraft carrier program . Many of these weapons are instead produced domestically . At the National People 's Congress earlier this month , Beijing announced plans to increase its military spending by 11.2 % , a move some analysts suspect is in response to U.S. plans to increase its military presence in the Pacific -- an assertion it has rejected , saying its spending is in proportion to its economy . China increases defense spending "  The Chinese government has maintained reasonable and appropriate growth in defense spending on the strength of rapid economic and social development and the steady increase of fiscal revenues , " NPC spokesman Li Zhaoxing told reporters in March . But China 's announcement is sure to stoke concerns among some its neighbors . China regards Taiwan as part of its territory and has vowed to use force against the island if it ever formally sought independence . Beijing has also claimed a significant portion of the South China Sea as its own territorial waters , putting it in conflict with other nations that have made claims on portions of the region . Wezeman said China has gradually modernized its armed forces and arms industry in the past two decades . He said development of the latter was mainly influenced by an embargo on arms sales to China imposed by European Union nations and the United States after the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown . This , he said , forced China to look to other sources such as Russia for new equipment and licenses to produce weapons itself , which in turn helped to improve its own indigenous arms production capability . As a result , China has become a major exporter of arms . According to SIPRI , it is now the world 's sixth largest seller behind the U.S. , Russia , Germany , France and Britain -- with India 's long-time foe Pakistan chief among its clients . Russia 's defense industry has been the chief beneficiary of India 's custom , according to SIPRI , though France has recently muscled in with new deals to supply submarines in addition to Mirage and Rafale combat aircraft from Dassault . SIPRI estimates India is likely to spend more than $ 100 billion on weapons in the next 15 years .	India 's business accounted for 10 % of the global arms market between 2007-2011 Focused on the modernization of its armed forces with the purchase of fighter jets , warships China has become a bigger exporter of weapons as its defense industry has expanded China and India have been increasing defense spending as their economies grow
CNN  -- "  Something there is that does n't love a wall , " wrote Robert Frost . This something is someone now : Pope Francis . In a strong , apparently unscripted move on his recent visit to Bethlehem , the birthplace of Jesus , on Sunday the pontiff suddenly waved to the driver of his Popemobile , asking to get out . Surrounded by guards and by children waving Palestinian flags , he got out , walked over to the wall that separates Israel from its Palestinian neighbors , and he did something remarkably simple but with astonishing power : He prayed . This symbolic gesture occurred at a well-known portion of the wall , a segment covered with graffiti . Somebody had spray-painted a message in black : "  Pope we need some 1 to speak about justice Bethlehem look like Warsaw ghetto . " In bold red letters the Pope could read : "  Free Palestine . " While Israeli guards looked anxiously down from a nearby tower , wondering what on Earth was going on , Francis touched the wall with his right hand , bent his head , and prayed for several minutes . Afterward , he kissed the wall , then walked slowly back to his vehicle . I 've myself experienced several times the haunting power of Bethlehem for Christians . My father was a Baptist minister , and once -- in 1989 -- I took him to the Church of the Nativity , the spot where  by tradition  Jesus was thought to have been born . This is a place of pilgrimage for those devoted to the Christian path , and it 's also an important city on the West Bank for Palestinians  among them a mix of Muslims and Christians , with Muslims the vast majority  . This holy city , described in the Hebrew scriptures as the City of David , was under Ottoman and Egyptian rule for centuries . The British controlled much of Palestine from 1920-1948 during the period known as the Mandate . The United Nations partitioned Palestine after the war , but Jordan took possession of Bethlehem after the 1948 Arab-Israeli War . It became a refuge for Palestinians at this time , largely under the control of Jordan until the Six Day War in 1967 . The Israelis kept control until 1995 , when an agreement was reached with the Palestinian National Authority , although it has been a place of unease , especially during the 2000-2005 era known as the Second Intifada , when for a period  in 2002  the Church of the Nativity itself became a battle zone for 39 days . Some 150 people then  mostly Palestinian civilians , with numerous Catholic and Orthodox monks and nuns  took refuge in the Church of the Nativity from an Israeli siege known as Operation Defensive Shield . A tense stalemate occurred , with the Franciscan Order asking the Israeli government to let everyone inside the church go free on the 10th day . There was no response , although an Armenian monk was shot and wounded that day . Ultimately , Israeli snipers shot dead eight people in or around the church ; they wounded at least 22 , all of them designated as terrorists by the Israeli army . Against this history , this pope exercised his unerring sense of symbolism . It 's not for nothing that he took the name of Francis of Assisi , in memory of a saint who , in the 12th century , was regarded as the person who most embodied the life and teachings of Jesus . Although born into a rich merchant family , he humbled himself , trying his best to conform to the pattern of life established by Jesus , with a dedication to peace , to bringing down barriers , to expressing love in whatever ways he could . Pope Francis invites Israeli , Palestinian leaders to Vatican peace talks Francis of Assisi lived without pretense . He understood symbolic gestures like Jesus himself , who washed the feet of those around him , who sought out those -- such as prostitutes , lepers and beggars -- on the margins of society . Through the Middle Ages , that earlier Francis was commonly known as alter Christus -- "  the second Christ . " One could say that Pope Francis , in turn , follows him as a man who lives without pretense , who understands symbolic gestures . In stopping to pray by this wall of separation , he implicitly cries : Tear down this wall ! He has pointedly asked Mahmoud Abbas and Shimon Peres -- the Palestinian and Israeli presidents -- to join him for a time of prayer and reconciliation in Rome . He has called the conflict in Israel "  increasingly unacceptable , " which is a marvel of understatement .  In a gesture of reconciliation , the pope did â $ " on Monday â $ " accede to an Israeli request to pray before a memorial to Israeli victims of the conflict as well . As ever , he understands that it will be necessary to listen carefully to both sides in this tragic dispute . As the pope 's unexpected pause by the wall near Bethlehem makes terribly clear , this ugly partition that weaves through the West Bank has become a potent symbol of the Israeli occupation , and it 's an affront to all reasonable Christians , Muslims , and Jews . Good fences do not , in this case , make good neighbors . It 's time to pull down this barrier to freedom .	Jay Parini : On Bethlehem trip , Pope makes significant gesture by praying at separation wall He says Bethlehem hugely powerful for Christians , a place of pilgrimage for Palestinians Bethlehem a long disputed site among Palestinians , Israel . Pope 's move symbolic , he says Parini : In stopping to pray there , Pope Francis implicitly cries : Tear down this wall !
Doha , Qatar  CNN  -- Making sure another plane is never "  lost " again is the immediate priority for the airline industry , according to Tony Tyler CEO of the International Air Transport Association  IATA  . The group has set up a taskforce comprised of airlines , pilots , flight safety organizations and flight tracking and navigation service providers to try and ensure a mystery like flight MH370 is not repeated . "  We 're going to be focusing on the tracking of aircraft and not streaming of data , " said Tyler at the group 's annual meeting , in Doha , Qatar , adding that it will deliver a report in September recommending what changes airlines should take , although they wo n't be mandatory . The streaming of data is not the focus , said Tyler , as tracking is "  the most urgent first step and can be done relatively easily . " "  There are a lot more issues that come into play when it comes into the streaming of data . If you start having streaming from 100,000 flights a day , you 're going to end up with masses of data and that may be manageable or may be not manageable . " Currently a mix of radar , satellite and voice communications tracks aircraft . A one-size-fits-all tracking solution might not work , cautions Kevin Hiatt , senior vice president for Safety and Flight Operations for IATA . While the technology to track aircraft better is already available there is an equipment issue . "  Not all aircraft are equipped the same , it 's just like an automobile , there are different options you can fit in the aircraft , so we 'll explore what options are currently onboard and see how it can be used to fill this gap . "  Maybe some carriers already have what they need to start and there might be some that have absolutely nothing and have to start . " Many airline CEOs have committed to improving tracking no matter the cost . "  We 're already doing quite a lot , " said Willie Walsh , CEO of International Airlines Group . "  We routinely send position messages with our ACARS messages and that 's something we 've done for many years an something we 'll continue to do . We send ACARS messages every 30 minutes . "  By this time next year  the airline industry  will have cracked this . " ACARS is a data link for sending messages between planes and ground facilities that was developed in the 1970s . Just five years ago Air France suffered a tragedy when flight AF447 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris . The accident brought to public attention that in some locations , such as over ocean areas , the precise location of an aircraft is not known all the time . "  We do n't totally track aircraft as there are areas of the world that do n't have coverage that allow us to track them with what we would conventionally think of as a GPS or some type a ping that has a geographic location , " said Hiatt . However , after the incident , the airline , independent of any industry-wide report , made changes to how its planes communicate their location and can be found in an emergency . One was improving the battery life of the black box recorder to three months , the second concerned the frequency with which the plane communicates with land . "  Flight data is now sent from the plane every 10 minutes , " said Alexandre de Juniac , CEO of Air France-KLM . If a plane deviates from its initial flight plan we send a message every minute to our dispatch office in Paris ... to say that something is wrong . So the tracking is much more accurate and we know minute by minute where the plane is . "  We have the equipment on board ; it 's a decision plus some investment to increase the frequency of the messages . " Another issue facing airlines and pilots is the question of making something tamper-proof . Manufacturers say that can mean devices that wo n't be able to be switched off in-flight . "  Speaking as a former pilot myself , if I had a particular piece of kit in the cockpit and I wanted to stop it smoking or being on fire , I could disable that , " said Hiatt . "  Now they 're saying they want to take that away from the pilot . So there are some diverse opinions which will be explored . "	Aviation taskforce wants to ensure planes can not be "  lost " in the future Tracking , not data streaming , is the answer , says head of IATA Air France already uses technology to enable frequent tracking updates
CNN  -- After crashing in the Tour de Suisse and being overlooked by his team for the Tour de France -- he became the first British winner of the race in 2012 -- Bradley Wiggins hoped relief would come at the Commonwealth Games . "  It 's given me another focus rather than just lolling about at home feeling miserable , " he was quoted as saying by The Guardian . Wiggins indeed won a medal Thursday in the first day of action in Glasgow , but it was n't the one he wanted . Wiggins and his English teammates could only take home silver , behind a rampant Australia , in the 4,000-meter team pursuit final . It means that while he has triumphed in France and won four Olympic golds , he 's never stood atop the podium at the Commonwealth Games . But instead of dwelling on the disappointment , Wiggins was already looking ahead to the Olympics in Rio in 2016 . "  It 's two years to Rio and you ca n't win all the time , " he told BBC Television . "  We 've had limited preparation . "  That 's the reality of it . We 'll look back on this in two years with hopefully gold medals around our necks and say this was the start point for us . That 's what it 's all about . "  It 's going to be two years of graft now and it 's so different to the road . I ca n't underestimate how much work it 's going to take . " Despite England 's runner-up finish , Wiggins enjoyed his time with his teammates . "  It 's been brilliant , " he said . "  I said to the boys , ` It 's like being on holiday . ' I got to go back to work Monday morning now . "  It 's been just a nice break from everything from the road . " The Australian quartet of Jack Bobridge , Luke Davison , Alex Edmondson and Glenn O'Shea set a new Games record , clocking in at three minutes , 54.851 seconds to better England by about six seconds . Murdoch bests Jamieson As expected , there was a Scottish winner in the pool in the 200-meter breaststroke . What was n't expected was that it was Ross Murdoch , not Michael Jamieson . Jamieson finished second at London 2012 and said he wanted to set a world record at the Commonwealth Games . But the Glasgow native was slower than Murdoch in the heats and once again in Thursday 's final . He narrowly led Murdoch after 100 meters , though Murdoch won comfortably in the end -- by more than a second over his higher profile compatriot . Murdoch established a Games record time of 2.07.30 . Earlier Thursday , Scotland 's Hannah Miley defended her title in the 400-meter individual medley . She was both ecstatic -- and tired . "  That was just incredible , " she was quoted as saying by The Scotsman . "  I literally could n't feel my legs for the last 50 so , when I touched the wall , I was hoping and praying that I could go fast . " Brothers rule in triathlon It was billed as brother vs. brother in the men 's triathlon . They indeed led the way and not for the first time Alistair Brownlee beat younger sibling Jonny to gold . Alistair , who also won gold on home soil at London 2012 , finished in 1:48.50 , 11 seconds better than Jonny -- the bronze medalist at the 2012 Olympics . They were virtually tied entering the final portion of the triathlon , the run , before Alistair broke away . "  This is the goal I wanted to achieve for the season and I 've done it now , " Alistair Brownlee told BBC Television . "  Now I 've done everything I 've wanted to do in my career . I do n't know what to do now . Maybe I should retire , " he joked . Farah pulls out England 's Mo Farah claimed gold in the 5,000 and 10,000 meters at the Olympics in London , making his ` Mobot ' celebration a worldwide phenomenon . But Farah wo n't be achieving the double in track 's two longest races at the Commonwealth Games after pulling out due to a lingering stomach illness . He 'll continue to train in France and hopes to return in time for the European Championships that begin August 12 in Zurich . "  I have taken the tough decision to withdraw from the Commonwealth Games , " Farah told the England Athletics website . "  The sickness I had two weeks ago was a big setback for me . "  Training is getting better here in Font Romeu but I need another few weeks to get back to the level I was at in 2012 & 2013 . "  I really wanted to add the Commonwealth titles to my Olympic and World Championships but the event is coming a few weeks too soon for me as my body is telling me it 's not ready to race yet . "	There 's still no Commonwealth gold for English cyclist Bradley Wiggins His team finishes second behind a quick Australia in a team pursuit final Ross Murdoch upsets fellow Scot Michael Jamieson in the pool Mo Farah pulls out of the 5,000 and 10,000 meters because of a stomach illness
CNN  -- On December 11 , 1997 , the world agreed that climate change needed to be tackled . The grandly named United Nations Framework on Climate Change adopted the Kyoto Protocol on that day , and it was eventually ratified by 191 countries . Now it 's about to expire with a whimper . Of the major industrial powers , only the European Union is prepared to continue adhering to the Kyoto pact 's provisions on cutting greenhouse gases into 2013 . Canada , Russia and Japan have already said they wo n't . The United States never ratified the agreement . So attention is turning to devising a "  Kyoto 2.0 . " CNN Special : Five cities fighting for climate survival This week , nearly 200 delegations have gathered in Qatar to plan for a new international climate pact that would come into effect in 2020 . But there are huge disagreements between developed and developing countries over sharing the burden . The Kyoto agreement envisaged binding cuts in emissions by the industrialized world -- but not by rapidly industrializing countries like China and India . They are now the largest and third-largest generator of carbon emissions , respectively , and developing countries account for more than half the world 's emissions , according to the International Energy Agency . Read more : How wasted food is destroying the environment The global economic slowdown has helped curb emissions in the developed world . But China and the United States were together responsible for more than 40 % of emissions in 2009 . U.S. emissions of carbon dioxide have risen by 10.5 % since 1990 . And China is heavily reliant on coal -- the most carbon-intensive of fossil fuels -- to drive its economic growth . The stakes for the environmental health of the globe and its citizens have gotten a lot higher in the last 15 years , amid widespread crop failures in the Northern Hemisphere , changing weather patterns , acidifying oceans and a record ice melt in the Arctic Ocean . Right now , a Russian tanker carrying liquefied natural gas is steaming through the Arctic on its way to Japan -- the first such vessel ever to take the route , thanks to thinner ice cover . Read more : Images from space track relentless spread of humanity The last decade has seen nine of the hottest years on record . And in a new report , the World Bank cites the "  nearly unanimous " prediction by scientists that the globe will warm by as much as 4 degrees Celsius this century . It expects the consequences to include "  the inundation of coastal cities ; increasing risks for food production potentially leading to higher malnutrition rates ; many dry regions becoming dryer , wet regions wetter . " "  Recent extreme heat waves such as in Russia in 2010 are likely to become the new normal . ... Tropical South America , central Africa , and all tropical islands in the Pacific are likely to regularly experience heat waves of unprecedented magnitude and duration , " according to the World Bank study . The World Meteorological Organization , a U.N. agency , reported last week that global carbon dioxide emissions had risen by 50 % since 1990 . There 's fresh evidence that they are still rising , and an overwhelming majority of climate scientists say the warming of the planet is accelerating , with consequences we ca n't predict . Scientists describe this as the "  cascade of uncertainties . " Read more : Arab youth offers hope for Doha climate talks The WMO calculates that the volume of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has now reached 390.9 parts per million , roughly 40 % higher than the level before the Industrial Revolution . 375 billion tons of carbon have been released into the atmosphere since 1750 . About half has been absorbed by the oceans and the Earth 's biosphere ; the rest will remain in the atmosphere for centuries , gradually cooking the planet . Read more : Greenhouse gases reached record highs in 2011 , says U.N. study The latest data from the WMO also shows that emissions of nitrous oxide are 20 % higher than in the preindustrial era , and are accelerating . That 's a cause for concern because nitrous oxide is much more "  toxic " that carbon dioxide ; its impact on the climate is about 300 times greater . About 40 % of the nitrous oxide emitted is from human activity , according to WMO estimates . There are glimmers of renewed interest in climate change . President Barack Obama , in his victory speech on the night of the election , said he wanted to "  pass on a country that is n't threatened by the destructive power of a warming planet . " The European Union has already cut in its emissions by one-fifth , compared with 1990 , and is considering extending that to 30 % by 2020 . A U.N. program is encouraging small-scale projects that address warming at the local level . One such project is in the sprawling Indian city of Ahmedabad , where a fleet of buses running on compressed natural gas is reducing air pollution . In a city of 7 million , one-fifth of commuters have jumped off their motorcycles and scooters and onto the buses . Read more : Chasing down the world 's vanishing glaciers But there is already widespread doubt that at the global level , aspirations will be matched by deeds . Three years ago , at the abortive climate talks in Copenhagen , Denmark , rich countries promised the poor they would raise $ 100 billion by 2020 to help them cope with climate change . Budget pressures in developed countries make that target look very distant now . Nongovernmental organizations like Oxfam are lobbying for new taxes on the aviation and shipping industries to help raise the money . They contrast the rapid recovery in the U.S. from the effects of Hurricane Sandy with the disastrous consequences from the same storm for Haiti , where up to 2 million people may face malnutrition after crops were washed away . The notion of shared sacrifice is not one familiar to climate talks . China never tires of pointing out that while it is the largest emitter of carbon dioxide , its emissions per capita are still far lower than those of the U.S. . But that may not be for long : Last year alone , they rose 9 % . The danger , according to multiple scientific studies , is that without a redoubling of efforts to curb emissions , the goal enshrined in Kyoto , Japan , of restraining warming to 2 degrees Celsius this century , compared with the preindustrial era , will soon be unattainable . Right now , the goal of limiting warming to 2 degrees by 2100 seems like a pipe dream . If emissions continue their current path , the target will be breached within two decades . Read more : Raising a stink about global sanitation The European Environment Agency says the average temperature on the continent in the last decade was already 1.3 degrees Celsius above the preindustrial level . The vast majority of glaciers in Europe are retreating ; river flows are decreasing throughout Southern and Eastern Europe . "  By the late 21st century , European plant species are projected to shift several hundred kilometers to the north , forests are likely to contract in the south and expand in the north , and about half of the mountain plant species may face extinction , " the EEA says . Farmers in the U.S. Midwest have just endured the worst drought in 50 years ; the bread baskets of Ukraine and Russia have similarly shriveled in the face of intense heat . Technologies exist that will allow humanity to make a rapid dent on emissions . Renewable energy accounts for double the amount of power it did just six years ago . Carbon sinks deep underground can capture and store emissions from gas flaring . Better vehicle emissions standards , reforestation and a developed carbon trading market would all help . There are all sorts of green gestures at the 18th meeting of the United Nations Framework on Climate Change in Qatar , one of the world 's highest emitters of carbon dioxide per capita . Examples are "  paperless " documentation and buses run on natural gas to ferry delegates to the conference center , which is partly powered by solar panels . But the political will required of 194 delegations to bring the world closer to a new climate pact is yet to be tested .	Nearly 200 delegations have gathered in Qatar to plan for a new international climate pact Developed , developing countries disagree over how to share burden of cutting emissions Earth is seeing crop failures , new weather patterns , record ice melt , acidifying oceans There 's doubt that at the global level , emissions-cutting goals will be matched by deeds
Last week , a member of Congress , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , actually defended the way that Congress does its business . Give him credit for originality . Rather than the usual refrain of blasting Washington as a dysfunctional and corrupt city , Reid disagreed with President Barack Obama and said : "  I have been a fan of earmarks since I got here the first day . I disagree -- underline , underscored , big exclamation mark -- with Obama . He 's wrong . " He opposes the ban on earmarks that Congress put into place three years ago following the Republican victories in the 2010 midterm elections . Earmarks , historically referred to as a form of "  pork-barrel spending " , are measures that House and Senate members add to bills to benefit people in their own districts . In response to Reid 's comments , there was the predictable backlash of criticism . Sen. Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , warned that "  The American public think it 's a sick way to run a business , to have to bribe somebody to get something done and politicians use it to look good at home . " In The Wall Street Journal , Coburn pushed back against calls to bring back a little pork by writing , "  restoring earmarks in today 's Congress would be like opening a bar tab for a bunch of recovering alcoholics . " But Reid has a point , and many Republicans who spent much of their careers mastering the art of congressional spending agree with him -- even though many are scared to say so in public . Indeed , even with the recent "  ban " , according to the conservative Citizens against Government Waste , the 2014 budget included almost $ 2.7 billion in spending for projects requested by individual legislators  much of which went to defense and national security projects  . Legislators have found new ways  called lettermarking or phonemarking  to obtain these kinds of appropriations , though in smaller scale than before . Congressional earmarks and pork barrel spending have a long history in the United States . They have served important purposes that are too often overlooked . Most important , this kind of congressional spending has been vital to successful negotiation on Capitol Hill . Presidents and party leaders have traditionally depended on their influence to insert measures in congressional spending bills to persuade legislators to join them in voting for key legislation that is important to the national interest . Often , earmarked spending has been the most important tool in the effort to persuade legislators to vote against their interests or their traditional position . During the battle over the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , President Lyndon Johnson needed as many votes as possible to overcome the Southern filibuster against the bill in the Senate . One of the ways in which Johnson won over a key vote , that of Arizona Democrat Carl Hayden , was to let him know that the administration would throw its support behind a Central Arizona Water Project that the senator 's constituents desperately wanted . In exchange Hayden , one of the many Westerners who had traditionally refused to vote to end any filibuster , agreed to vote for cloture if his support was needed in the end . Without a little pork , Johnson would have been unable to obtain his support . We can even see how earmarked spending has proved effective at the state and local level . In New York , the state famously littered university campuses in as many legislative districts as possible so that the state system would have broad and durable support . This worked . The outcome was ongoing , bipartisan support for investment in higher education that has been vital to the residents of New York . Earmarked spending also fits into our respect for decentralized and localized decision-making . When legislators lobby for spending within their district , they are usually responding to the pressures and demands that emanate from the local level . To be sure there are many examples of outrageous earmarks that do n't have much justification or value . Political speeches and newspaper stories are filled with accounts of this kind of useless pork . However , for every "  bridge to nowhere " there are congressional earmarks that fund university research and public works programs that play a vital role for Americans . Peg McGlinch writes in U.S. News and World Report that the Minnesota congressional delegation obtained about $ 2 million in earmarked funding that was used to provide more services for members of the National Guard who returned from Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Earmarks , " she writes , "  have funded hundreds of job training programs , paved roads that reduced traffic , supported the police officers protecting our streets , underwritten research on diseases , revitalized blighted neighborhoods , developed technologies to improve national defense , built libraries and schools and given children opportunities to learn . " Earmarked spending is a good way to build broad and durable party support for important public policies . Very often , crafting programs that provide pork to legislators has been an effective way to broaden support for a policy . During the New Deal , FDR was keen to provide money to the districts of key Northern legislators so that they would become politically invested in his public works program . That program offered key relief to American workers during the height of the Great Depression . The complex patchwork of military defense contracting throughout the Sunbelt , often a result of legislative efforts to get money to valuable districts , was essential for Republicans in building support for a muscular national security policy against the Soviet Union . So earmarks have their function and Reid has a point . Members of both parties understand that this has been key . The legislative process is not pretty , but there have been many moments when Congress has accomplished big things -- and earmarked spending has been critical to success . It might be time to push back a little on our anti-Washington sentiment and look more carefully at the value of some of the seemingly uglier sides of our political process . Indeed , restoring the pork barrel might help move Congress beyond its current dysfunctional state . Earmarks would be the place to start .	Sen. Harry Reid spoke out in favor of earmarks , disagreeing with President Obama Julian Zelizer says Reid is right ; there are benefits from dispensing political pork He says presidents can gain leverage with Congress if they permit earmarks Zelizer : Earmarks enable members of Congress to respond to local needs
CNN  -- Syria 's tanks withdrew Wednesday from the center of the western city of Hama and were positioned on the city 's periphery , more than a week after security forces besieged the center of anti-government sentiment , an activist said . Syrian army units left central Hama "  after restoring the security and stability to the city that have been through tough times due to the acts of killings , terrorizing and sabotage that were done by the armed terrorists groups , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  said Wednesday . An officer in the army told journalists that the soldiers had returned to their bases . This came as violence erupted in other towns and amid a growing chorus of international calls for Syria 's government to end its brutal drive on peaceful protesters . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a loose coalition of groups that organize and document protests in Syria , put Wednesday 's death toll at 22 -- 18 in Homs and one each in Hama , Nawa , Taftanaz/Idlib province and the Damascus suburbs . In Hama , an activist put the death toll at two . Scores of deaths have been reported in Hama during the siege by government forces that coincided with last week 's start of the holy month of Ramadan . An activist said the military and government enforcers were stopping and searching cars and security forces were arresting people in farms outside the city , where many activists have been hiding out . Most of the city 's shops were closed , the activist said . Though some hospitals have reopened , they were short of supplies , the activist said . The activist said that after Wednesday night prayers , the demonstrators took to the streets in the southern part of the city . They were met by gunfire from security forces , who killed two people , the activist said . A YouTube video showed what was described as a march by several dozen demonstrators in Hama on Wednesday night . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Wednesday that Turkey 's envoy to Syria , Omer Onhon , had visited Hama and confirmed that tanks and heavy weapons were withdrawn and there was no military buildup "  in its surroundings . " "  He visited all of the area and went to all the streets . He prayed with the people at the big mosque there , " Davutoglu said of Onhon . Davutoglu had met Tuesday with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to try to persuade him to end the violence in Syria . Speaking to reporters in the Turkish capital of Ankara , Davutoglu said that , despite the withdrawal , "  it is also understood that the city does not have enough vibrancy either . " Al-Assad said the government would continue to hunt down "  armed gangs , " the people whom the government has consistently blamed for the violence . But he also said he was open to reforms . "  If civilian losses continue , it wo n't be possible to reach the desired outcome , " Davutoglu said , adding that he hoped more steps would be taken in coming days to ease the crisis . Davutoglu said that it is important for places like Hama to be opened to reporters , whose access to Syria has been severely restricted . The U.N. Security Council met Wednesday in closed session to follow up on the statement it issued last week condemning the Syrian regime for attacks on peaceful protesters and calling for both sides to end the violence . "  We are very disappointed to learn that there is no clear sign that they are hearing the message of the international community , " said Germany 's deputy ambassador to the world body , Miguel Berger , after the meeting . "  We can only hope that the Syrian authorities understand . They need to stop the killings now . " The members agreed to meet again on Syria , said Britain 's deputy ambassador to the United Nations , Phil Parham . A day after the Syrian-Turkish meeting , Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem briefed envoys of South Africa , Brazil and India on the crisis and the "  killing and sabotage acts committed by armed groups , " SANA reported . Those countries are nonpermanent members of the U.N. Security Council and are among the entities working to defuse the Syrian crisis . According to the envoy delegation , al-Assad acknowledged "  that some mistakes had been made by the security forces in the initial stages of the unrest and that efforts were under way to prevent their recurrence . " Moallem told them that the opposition comprised economically disadvantaged people , intellectuals , academics and armed groups , the envoys said in a statement . The United States , meanwhile , slapped sanctions on Syria 's largest mobile phone operator and a Syrian bank and its Lebanese subsidiary . The U.S. Treasury Department on Wednesday announced the designation of mobile phone operator Syriatel , the Commercial Bank of Syria and the Syrian Lebanese Commercial Bank . It said Americans are "  generally prohibited from engaging in commercial or financial transactions " with the companies . While international leaders mull their next steps , the sound of gunfire , explosions and tanks permeated the eastern city of Deir Ezzor on Wednesday , an activist group and a resident said . A videotape posted on YouTube showed the Othman Bin Affan Mosque being shelled . Activists told CNN the shelling of the Sunni mosque came from Syrian forces , but CNN was not able to confirm that . Though Syria is majority Sunni , its leadership tends to belong to the Alawite sect . Businesses and homes belonging to opposition organizers were destroyed , said the resident , who did not want to be identified for safety reasons . "  There are also large-scale arrests in those areas as mobile service and landline communications have been completely cut out in the areas since the start of the military operation " Wednesday morning , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said in a statement . Security forces also focused attention on Idlib province , in the northwest . The observatory said gunfire from security forces killed one woman and wounded three people in Sirmeen . Security forces killed an activist in Taftanaz , the observatory said . The forces seized more than 300 detainees in a day in Binnish , Taftanaz , Sirmeen and Taoum , according to the observatory . The conflict in Syria was fueled five months ago when Syrian forces suppressed protests in the southern city of Daraa . Anti-government fervor caught on nationwide as more protests were met with tougher crackdowns . While activists blame government security forces for the casualties , the al-Assad regime has consistently said "  armed groups " are responsible . By Wednesday , the death toll had reached 2,417 -- including more than 2,000 civilians , said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The number includes 84 deaths in the city of Deir Ezzor alone since Saturday , when pro-government forces began a military campaign in the area , the LCC said . Another 13,000 people remain detained , Britain 's Deputy Ambassador Parham said . Because of restrictions on international journalists ' access to the country , CNN is unable to independently confirm details of the situation . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , John King , Elise Labott , Arwa Damon , Nada Husseini and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Coalition cites 22 deaths on Wednesday NEW : YouTube video shows mosque being shelled U.S. slaps sanctions on Syrian entities Security forces depart Hama , Syrian news outlets and a Turkish diplomat say
CNN  -- The Nevada family that survived two days stranded in subzero temperatures is not expected to face any long-term health problems from the ordeal , their doctor said Wednesday . The six family members do n't even have frostbite , said Dr. Doug Vacek , declaring their condition "  absolutely amazing . " Christina McIntee , 25 , and the youngest child Chloe , 3 , were released from a hospital Wednesday . Their health is "  perfect , " Vacek said . James Glanton , 34 , and the other three children remain hospitalized so they can receive more IV hydration . But they 're "  doing really well , " Vacek said . It 's unclear how soon they may go home . Lab test results will help make the decision , Vacek said . The family -- Glanton , McIntee , the two children they share and McIntee 's niece and nephew -- went out Sunday together for a playful outing in the snow . The adventure dissolved into a fight for survival after their Jeep Wrangler turned over and slid down an embankment on its top , ending up in a crevice 15 miles from Lovelock . They were found nearly 48 hours later , at midday Tuesday . In a statement , the family thanked numerous agencies for "  the valiant search and rescue efforts " and requested privacy as it heals and recovers from the ordeal . The family is "  very truly appreciative of the care and love " from the community and the entire country , the statement said . Patricia Bianchi , CEO of Pershing General Hospital , read the statement to reporters . The family had taken critical steps to prepare for the trip , including bringing along blankets and food . After the accident , they did n't panic or leave the scene . They heated rocks and placed them in a spare tire to keep the children warm . And since the vehicle windows did not break , "  they were able to get some shelter in there , " Vacek said . 5 things Nevada family did right to survive In the hospital , the children are playing video games and having visits from family and friends , Vacek said . "  Kids are very resilient . "	Christina McIntee and the youngest child have been released from a hospital The other four family members need more IV hydration but are doing well They 're expected to face no long-term health problems as a result Their doctor calls their condition "  absolutely amazing "
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Iranian pro-government Basij militia members dispersed crowds of protesters here Thursday -- sometimes with force -- witnesses said . Protests by Iranians , such as this one on June 15 , have been defended by the reformist figures . An estimated 2,000 to 3,000 people crowded the streets in different locations of the city , and headed toward Tehran University , the site of a student uprising in 1999 . Several protesters were hit on the arms and backs by the Basij , pro-government militia members , while elsewhere riot police released tear gas into crowds . Iran 's state-funded Press TV described the crowd size near the university in the hundreds . Some of the protesters shouted "  Allah u Akbar , " or "  God is Great " and "  Ya Hussein , Mir Hussein " referring to opposition candidate Mir Hossein Moussavi , the witnesses said . Police blocked roads leading to Tehran University , while some protesters set trash cans afire so smoke would counter the effects of the tear gas . When crowds tried to gather between 4 p.m. and 5 p.m. in Revolution Square , hundreds of security forces were waiting for them , witnesses told CNN . Watch scenes of protesters and street clashes " Most of the security forces were uniformed officers wearing helmets and holding batons and shields , though many wore plain clothes . The forces ordered bystanders to move along , the witnesses said . There were at least five reports of clashes during this time . Over the next two hours , the crowds grew to around 3,000 , but witnesses said security forces grew too . Many of the protesters left Revolution Square and marched to side streets and neighborhoods a few kilometers away . Many held up victory signs and clapped . The contents of several Dumpsters were set afire . See the protests and violence through Iranians ' own photos Witnesses said they heard several pops that sounded like gunshots and saw security forces fire what appeared to be pepper spray towards the crowds on several occasions . Some of the chants heard Thursday were familiar refrains that have been repeated often in recent days : "  Death to the Dictator ! " "  Death to Khamenei ! " But a new phrase entered the lexicon on Thursday that referred to Mojtaba , the son of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamanei : "  Mojtaba bemire , rahbariroh nagiri , " they chanted : "  Die , Mojtaba , so you do n't become the supreme leader ! " During the past week , rumors have surfaced that Mojtaba has taken over the pro-government Basij militia and that his father is grooming him to be the next supreme leader . Thursday marked the first time protesters chanted against him . By nightfall , most of the demonstrators headed home . At 10 p.m. Tehran time two sources told CNN the chants of "  God is great ! " were louder than usual in their neighborhoods . The demonstration took place on the 10th anniversary of a student uprising that posed a major threat to the Islamic regime . On Thursday , the protesters used the anniversary to resume demonstrations against the outcome of the contested June 12 presidential election . Iranian-American journalist Jason Rezaian said Iranians have been scared since last month 's bloody crackdown on those who protested the accuracy of election results . Incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner by a landslide over reformist candidate Moussavi , his chief rival , who declared the election rigged . Moussavi 's supporters took to the streets by the thousands in the aftermath of the vote until the protests turned bloody as security forces cracked down . Iranian state-run media said 20 people have been killed and more than 1,000 have been detained . On July 9 , 1999 , known in the Iranian calendar as the 18th of Tir , 200 students protested the closing of a reformist newspaper , Salaam , which supported moderate President Mohammed Khatami . Hard-line activists entered dormitories in Tehran University , broke windows , set fires and attacked students . Six days of protests ensued . According to Human Rights Watch , more than 25,000 people participated , making the demonstrations the biggest threat to the Islamic regime since its inception in 1979 . CNN 's CNN 's Reza Sayah and Moni Basu in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	July 9 marks 10th anniversary of turning point in Iranian reformist movement Massive protests rocked Iran in the days following the June 12 election Supporters of opposition candidates questioned the legitimacy of the vote IRNA : Police chief urges citizens of Tehran to consider leaving
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- There was a smile , a quick wave hello , a brief chat . Yet , despite the exchange of pleasantries , the simmering tensions between Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and one of the nation 's most powerful clerics became quickly evident at a major ceremony in Tehran on Monday . From left : former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , Sadeq Larijani and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Ahmadinejad and former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani were attending the inauguration of Sadeq Larijani -- brother of Iran 's prominent parliamentary speaker , Ali Larijani -- who was tapped by Iran 's supreme leader to be the new judiciary chief . It was only the second time Ahmadinejad and his political rival Rafsanjani , a reformist who has been a vocal critic of the hard-line regime in place , sat under the same roof since the disputed June 12 elections drew a rift among Iran 's Islamic leadership , Iranian media reported . Photos from the scene show Ahmadinejad exchanging friendly waves with Rafsanjani and Sadeq Larijani , who was wedged between the rivals . The three appeared to be chatting amicably before Larijani made his acceptance speech . Just minutes later , Ahmadinejad alluded to Rafsanjani , one of the richest men in Iran , in a searing address that called for the prosecution of "  the power-holders and the wealthy , " state-run Press TV reported . But the president , who showed up more than an hour late for the ceremony , hustled out of the ceremony when Rafsanjani , the head of the Assembly of Experts that is in charge of selecting the supreme leader , took the podium , according to the Iranian Labour News Agency  ILNA  , which is aligned with Rafsanjani . The bad blood between the two high-profile figures goes back to the 2005 presidential race , when Ahmadinejad defeated Rafsanjani . This time around , Rafsanjani supported Ahmadinejad 's chief rival , opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi , in the race . Iran 's election authority declared Ahmadinejad the overwhelming winner of the race , sparking hundreds of thousands of Iranians to take to the streets in protest . While hundreds have been released , the Islamic government has been prosecuting opposition figures en masse . Supporters of the trials have focused their rhetoric on Moussavi , fellow reformist Mehdi Karrubi and Rafsanjani , accusing the leaders of instigating post-election unrest and calling for charges against them . During his speech at Sadeq Larijani 's inauguration Monday , Rafsanjani warned against the consequences of "  unjust " verdicts in the trials , saying poor treatment of the detainees will cause society to "  descend into chaos , " Press TV reported "  In the case of delivering fair verdicts , society will have a sense of security , " Rafsanjani said , according to Press TV , "  and no one will feel helpless in asserting his violated rights . " The treatment of detainees at Iran 's prisons has increasingly become a divisive issue within Iran 's Islamic leadership , as reformists continue to accuse the government of allowing abuse and torture in attempts to coerce false confessions . The newly appointed judiciary chief admitted to deficiencies in the judicial system and pledged to prosecute those who "  violated people 's rights , " Press TV reported .	Two seem cordial at inauguration of Iran 's new judiciary chief Then Ahmadinejad calls for prosecution of "  the power-holders and the wealthy " Rafsanjani is one of the richest men in Iran Bad blood between the two goes back to 2005 presidential race
CNN  -- Egyptian comedy promoter Maha Hosny is driving through the traffic-clogged streets of Cairo while talking to CNN on her cell phone , when there 's a terrifying screech of tires and the line goes dead . Thankfully , she 's unscathed , and within minutes is once again talking about her pioneering work bringing stand-up comedy to new Egyptian audiences -- and what tickles her funny bone . "  Just going through the streets of Cairo makes me laugh . The traffic here makes me laugh until dying , " she said , her near miss with a "  crazy driver " dismissed as just another joke . Later she emails to say she arrived safely at her destination . Just as well for Egypt 's comedy fans , who will be looking to Hosny to help deliver the follow-up to the wildly successful "  Hysteria " stand-up show held in Cairo earlier this year . Though little heard of just a few years ago , stand-up comedy is now serious business in Cairo and other cities across the Middle East , drawing huge crowds , according to comics in the region . And while western acts may have paved the way for this new enthusiasm for solo stage comics , the format has proved so popular that the region is now witnessing the rise of home-grown talent . "  It 's a phenomenon , " said Dean Obeidallah , an Arab-American comic whose 2008 "  Axis of Evil " tour of the Middle East , featuring a cast of comedians from the region , is viewed by many as the catalyst for launching a new wave of comedy . Obeidallah will , next month , be reprising his role as executive producer of the Amman Stand-up Comedy Festival , a week-long event in the Jordanian capital . Perhaps aided by Jordan 's more relaxed laws on censorship for the region , the Amman festival has , in three years , grown to become the biggest event of its kind in this part of the world , said Obeidallah . But Jordan is only the beginning , according to Obeidallah . "  The festival is representative of a bigger growth , a trend . In Saudi Arabia they have a thriving stand-up comedy scene with 10 or 12 comics doing regular shows . Same thing in Egypt , Lebanon , Oman and Qatar , " he said . Though it might seem otherwise to outsiders , people in the Middle East are no strangers to humor , with rich traditions of comic storytelling . Veteran Jordanian comedian Nabil Sawalha has seen it all , performing in stage plays , television satire and sitcoms , but is now enjoying a new chapter in his long career thanks to stand-up . Says Sawalha , performances were initially held in English -- with comics drawing heavily on western influences -- but local language performers are now gaining confidence . "  Now it 's taken off seriously in Arabic . I might be practically the only one who can do a whole evening , but there are a few young people coming up who can do five or 10 minutes here . "  They still need experience , but people are willing to venture and make a fool of themselves in front of other people , which is new . " While the language might have changed , the jokes themselves touch on themes familiar to western audiences , touching on the everyday topics of relationships , traffic , pop music , Facebook and Arabic culture . "  The Arabs in the region love to laugh at themselves , that 's something we do n't see in the Western media , " says Obeidallah . "  If you do n't do jokes about Arab culture in your show , they miss it because the level of laughs for those jokes are so much higher than for generic jokes about relationships or the state of the world . " Sherry Davey , a British-American comic who has been invited to perform in Amman for a second time , says her routine , which sees her offer "  comedy therapy " to men in the audience , works equally well in Jordan as it does at home . "  Women all over the world are just as fed up of their husbands and tired of their bloody children as we are , " she jokes . But , adds Obeidallah , in most Middle Eastern countries -- even in relatively liberal Jordan -- there are limits . Sex and cursing are to be avoided , as are jokes about religion and country leaders . "  I was in Lebanon and the producer of the show said say what you want but if you make fun of -LSB- militant group -RSB- Hezbollah you 're on your own , " he said . "  That was an effective message . " That said , some are already willing to take a few risks . "  I have been surprised by seeing some naught bits -- whether talking about farting or sex and some swear words here and there , and Jordanians take it and have a good laugh , " says Sawalha , who refuses to remove political jokes from his own show . "  It 's different elsewhere . I 've performed in Beirut , Dubai and Qatar where the censors would cut a lot of my script -- but then I would go ahead and do it anyway . " He adds : "  In the Arab world we have so much political upheaval and so much tragedy that there is a lot of scope to turn these tragedies into comedy and laugh at them so that you can enjoy life . "	Stand-up comedy has blossomed over past five years in Middle East Amman Stand-up Comedy Festival now in its third successful year Comics perform routines about relationships , Facebook , music and everyday life
CNN  -- On January 26 , a ruling by the Librarian of Congress made unlocking a cell phone for use on other carriers illegal under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 . Unbelievably , such a policy means that those unlocking their phones could face up to five years in jail and a $ 500,000 fine . This ruling affects average people , international travelers and hundreds of thousands of our service members . Unlocking your phone not only allows you to move from one carrier to another when your contract is up ; it also increases the resale value of your device . This prohibition is a violation of our property rights . It makes you wonder , if you ca n't alter the settings on your phone , do you even own your own phone ? This ruling is a clear example of crony capitalism , a consequence of a few companies asking for the law to be changed to their benefit despite the invasion of our property rights , its impact on consumers and its impact on the overall market . This decision makes it harder for new participants to enter the market , which hinders competition and leads to less innovation . This is why the trade association representing more than 100 wireless carriers across the country  Competitive Carriers Association  , including T-Mobile and Sprint , is strongly in favor of unlocking . It 's unfortunate that AT&T and Verizon 's main lobbying organization was the main proponent of this ban  the Wireless Association  . In a number of articles for The Atlantic , I helped turn this into a mainstream issue : "  The Most Ridiculous Law of 2013  So Far  : It Is Now a Crime to Unlock Your Smartphone " and "  The Law Against Unlocking Cellphones Is Anti-Consumer , Anti-Business , and Anti-Common Sense . " I teamed up with Sina Khanifar , an entrepreneur whose company had been shut down for unlocking phones , and we led an advocacy effort for a White House petition . Our White House petition reached 114,000 signatures , the first petition to reach the new threshold of 100,000 , which requires a response . Our movement involved a new coalition of actors , many of whom were part of the vocal opposition to the doomed Stop Online Piracy Act , or SOPA , but also involved groups such as the Tea Party Nation and the National College Republicans . The White House reversed course and came out strongly in favor of unlocking and against the criminal penalties : "  The White House agrees with the 114,000 + of you who believe that consumers should be able to unlock their cell phones without risking criminal or other penalties . In fact , we believe the same principle should also apply to tablets , which are increasingly similar to smartphones . And if you have paid for your mobile device , and are n't bound by a service agreement or other obligation , you should be able to use it on another network . It 's common sense , crucial for protecting consumer choice and important for ensuring we continue to have the vibrant , competitive wireless market that delivers innovative products and solid service to meet consumers ' needs . " The White House also came out in support of finding legislative fixes to solve this problem . The Federal Communications Commission has announced an investigation into this issue , and the chairman and a commissioner have publicly spoken in support of unlocking . Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-Utah , took the lead on this issue and announced that he is working on legislation to fix this problem . This is terrific news and a great way for those in Washington to help win over the digital generation . Other members of Congress are also coming out in favor . There is a groundswell of momentum on this issue . But will Congress actually fix the problem , or will it just check the box ? Ordinary and commonplace technologies have been made illegal by default without any serious policy consideration . Use of these technologies has to be approved for personal use every three years by the Librarian of Congress -- but even when approved -- developing , trafficking and selling the technologies is still illegal . That 's the fundamental problem with unlocking , and that 's the problem that must be permanently fixed , requiring nothing less than legislation to legalize unlocking for personal use permanently . Merely temporarily reversing the decision of the Librarian of Congress and keeping the underlying technology still illegal , and the personal exception subject to periodic new approval would put us back in this boat every three years . Such a nonsolution would show that Congress , even in the wake of SOPA , still is n't serious about innovation . Unfortunately , legislation by Sen. Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , and Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , does this very thing , but I have confidence that in the coming weeks it can be improved to fix the problem . But beyond unlocking , there are other issues that need to receive serious review and consideration . Currently , there is an exception for personal jailbreaking  allowing individuals to install unapproved applications by altering the phone 's operating system  , but developing , selling , trafficking or discussing the underlying technology is still illegal and there are no personal exceptions for tablets or other devices . This makes no sense , especially when according to @Saurik , 23 million iOS devices are running a version of Cydia -- a rough barometer of the number of devices that have been jailbroken . Until recently , personal jailbreaking was illegal as well -- meaning that all of the owners of those devices could be criminally liable . A law that potentially makes 23 million people felons punishable by up to five years in prison for activity that does not harm anyone else is a law that must be fixed . Additionally , accessibility technology for individuals who are blind and deaf is effectively illegal as well and subject to the same ridiculous approval process by the Librarian of Congress . It is unconscionable that persons who are deaf and blind are considered felons punishable by up to five years in prison and a $ 500,000 fine for using technology that they may need to access media . We want every teenager who knows how to code to have an incentive to develop a new accessibility technology that may help these people enjoy media -- we may have no idea the potential innovations that we have criminalized senselessly . This technology should be made permanently lawful for personal use , creation , trafficking and selling . Lastly , research into computer science and cryptography for academic purposes should be lawful  read more on the topic here  . There is a current exception , but it is narrow and unclear , and this has a chilling effect upon a lot of legitimate research -- some of the research would actually help protect intellectual property by helping to make digital rights management software stronger . Computer science research should not be banned without explanation if we want economic growth in the technology sector . Last year the proposed SOPA law would have censored the Internet and curtailed technological innovation . It is easy to see why it inflamed millions of Americans whose opposition killed the legislation . In this case , the government has banned broad categories of technologies -- and broad categories of uses -- without any clear governmental interest . This is another extreme and unacceptable violation of personal freedom . A free society should n't have to petition its government every three years to allow access to technologies that are ordinary and commonplace . A free society should not ban technologies unless there is a truly overwhelming and compelling governmental interest . Congress must act to legalize cellphone unlocking substantively , but then it must legalize other technologies that have been banned without explanation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Derek Khanna .	Derek Khanna : A ruling made people subject to prosecution for unlocking phones He says ability to unlock phones gives consumers choice , increases phone value Khanna : Companies should n't be able to rely on law to bolster their competitive position Permanent changes are needed to make unlocking legal , he says
CNN  -- In finding mobster James "  Whitey " Bulger guilty on racketeering charges Monday , a federal jury linked him to 11 murders . He had been accused of involvement in 19 murders , with those killings taking place from 1973 through 1985 . The jury found that the government failed to prove Bulger was involved in seven of the murders , and jurors had "  no finding " in one murder . Here are profiles of the victims , listed in the order that the deaths occurred . Bulger was found to be involved in the deaths of : -- Paul McGonagle  1974  : McGonagle was a leader of a rival gang in Boston . Jurors were shown several photos of remains recovered in 2000 , including parts of a pelvic bone , a fractured skull with decomposed brain matter and a ring with part of a decomposed finger bone . The remains were recovered from a shallow grave near a river , and a witness testified that whenever Bulger drove past the grave area , he would say , "  Drink up , Paulie . " -- Edward Connors  1975  : Connors was gunned down in a phone booth in 1975 after , according to witnesses , he had bragged about his involvement in another killing . Connors ' daughter , Karen Smith , testified in the trial about how her father always came home for dinner and put her and her sister to bed . Smith sobbed as the courtroom listened to Bulger talk about the Connors killing in a recorded phone call . -- Thomas King  1975  : King was involved in Bulger 's criminal activities , according to testimony , and Bulger was convinced King was going to do something reckless . Former hitman John Martorano , who served 12 years in prison but was released in 2007 in exchange for testifying against Bulger , testified that he shot King in the back of the head , on orders from Bulger . Martorano said King was told to come along on a "  hit " on another target , and while Bulger drove and King sat in the front seat , Martorano shot him . -- Richard Castucci  1976  : Castucci , a night club owner and a bookie , had learned too much about members of Bulger 's gang who were hiding from authorities , witnesses said . Martorano , the former hitman , testified that that he shot Castucci while he , Martorano and Bulger were in an apartment counting money . "  Richie was sitting at the kitchen table counting the money with Whitey at the table , " Martorano tesitified . "  I walked to the side of Castucci and shot him in the temple . " -- Roger Wheeler  1981  : Wheeler , a wealthy Oklahoma businessman , refused to sell a portion of his business to John Callahan , who was fronting the deal on behalf of Bulger and his gang , according to testimony . When Wheeler would n't sell , Bulger and his partner Steve "  The Rifleman " Flemmi sent weapons in a "  tool kit " on a bus to Oklahoma for Martorano to pick up . Martorano testified he shot Wheeler in the eye at a Tulsa country club . -- Brian Halloran  1982  : Halloran was gunned down in 1982 . According to testimony , Halloran had become an FBI informant and had agreed to wear a "  wire " to get John Callahan , the man who had tried to buy a business from victim Roger Wheeler to admit gang participation in Wheeler 's murder . Bulger learned from his crooked FBI handler that Halloran was cooperating with authorities against Bulger . -- Michael Donahue  1982  : Donahue was gunned down while driving home a man Bulger and his crime associates were targeting . John Morris , a corrupt FBI supervisor who was on the Bulger payroll at the time of Donahue 's death , made a public apology to the Donahue family in court during Bulger 's trial . "  I do n't ask for your forgiveness , but I do want to express my sincere apology for things I may have done and things I did n't do , " Morris said to the Donahue family . Michael Donahue 's three sons and widow , Patricia , sat front row in the reserved section in the Boston courtroom . -- John Callahan  1982  : He was the "  front man " who had tried to buy a business from victim Roger Wheeler . Callahan 's body was discovered in the trunk of a car in a Miami airport parking lot . According to testimony , Bulger got word Callahan was being called for questioning in Wheeler 's death . Callahan was called down to Florida to talk to hit man Martorano . When he got there , Martorano shot him in the head , according to testimony . -- Arthur "  Bucky " Barrett  1983  : Barrett went missing after a dispute with Bulger over money from the burglary of a financial institution , according to testimony . Barrett 's remains were exhumed from a shallow , makeshift grave in Boston in 2000 . A former drug dealer for Bulger testified that Bulger threatened him once by saying , "  You remember what happened to Bucky Barrett . " -- John McIntyre  1984  : According to testimony , McIntyre had begun cooperating with the government on the shipment of weapons to the Irish Republican Army and the shipment of 36 tons of marijuana imported into Boston Harbor . Bulger partner Flemmi said he was holding McIntyre 's body while Bulger was trying to strangle him with a rope , but the rope was too thick . After that did n't work , McIntyre practically begged for a bullet after Bulger asked him if he would "  like one in the head , " according to Flemmi . -- Deborah Hussey  1985  : Hussey was the common-law stepdaughter of Bulger partner Flemmi . Flemmi testified that Bulger strangled the 26-year-old woman , and another witness testified that he saw Bulger strangling her as her eyes rolled back into her head . Bulger 's defense countered that Flemmi had molested Hussey when she was 17  at act that Flemmi maintained happened twice and was consensual  , and that Flemmi was responsible for Hussey 's death . "  You murdered your stepdaughter , " defense attorney Hank Brennan charged in his questioning of Flemmi . "  In the eyes of the law , yes , " Flemmi responded , "  but physically no . " The seven deaths in which Bulger 's alleged involvement was not proved , according to the jury : -- Michael Milano  1973  : Milano was a member of a rival gang and , according to testimony , was killed when he was mistaken for the leader of that gang . -- Al Plummer  1973  : Plummer was a member of a rival gang . A man who was in the car with Plummer when he was shot to death testified "  A firing squad hit us , " and that a hundred slugs plowed into the car , which "  imploded . " -- William O'Brien  1973  : O'Brien was killed in a drive-by shooting that left another man , Ralph DeMasi , with eight bullet wounds . DeMasi testified fresh out of jail after serving 21 years for conspiracy to rob an armored car . -- James O'Toole  1973  : O'Toole had been a member of a rival gang . Former hitman Martorano testified that he , Bulger and their associates shot O'Toole because he was "  mouthing off " at a local bar about seeking revenge on Bulger 's gang . -- Al Notorangeli  1974  : Notorangeli was the alleged leader of a rival gang . According to testimony , he was killed because his gang had been terrorizing bookies from other organized crime groups . -- James Sousa  1974  : He was killed because he had been involved in a botched gold exchange , and there was concern he would become a liability to the gang , according to testimony . -- Francis "  Buddy " Leonard  1975  : Leonard 's body was found riddled with 13 bullets , including two to the head . He was killed to cover up the murder of another gangster with whom Leonard had been friends , according to testimony . And there was "  no finding " in the death of Debra Davis , who was the girlfriend of Bulger partner Steve "  The Rifleman " Flemmi . Flemmi had testified he lured Davis to a house where Bulger stranged her . The defense presented testimony from Martorano , who admitted he had "  accidentally strangled " the 26-year-old woman . CNN 's Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	The jury found that Bulger was involved in 11 murders Those killings occurred during the 1970s and 1980s The trial included testimony about the killings from former gangsters
CNN  -- Did you know that buying American seafood could save a whale ? A new report from the Natural Resources Defense Council finds that 91 % of seafood consumed in the United States is imported and nearly every wild-caught foreign fish product sold in the U.S. violates the Marine Mammal Protection Act , endangering the lives of marine mammals around the world . Countries exporting fish to America are supposed to prove they use safe methods to catch fish destined for the U.S. market . But for decades the U.S. has failed to enforce this law . That means whales , dolphins and sea lions are at risk , and American fishermen who invest in safer methods have a disadvantage in the marketplace . It works like this . Commercial fishing fleets target species for the global market , including American consumers . They go after the seafood we love to eat like shrimp , salmon , tuna , crab , and lobster , setting traps and casting gillnets , purse seines , trawls and longlines . But in the course of catching the target species , they often entangle , trap and hook other animals like non-target fish , seabirds , sea turtles and marine mammals . It 's a tragedy for those animals caught in the wrong place and the wrong time -- collateral damage that may cause some populations to go extinct . There are ways to reduce this harm . Until the U.S. enforces the Marine Mammal Protection Act , which requires importing countries to prove they are meeting American standards , consumers can play a role in protecting whales , dolphins and sea lions . When making sustainable fish purchases consider helping marine mammals by buying American-caught wild seafood . In many parts of the world , poor fishing practices are driving populations and species of marine mammals to extinction . Research estimate that more than 650,000 whales , dolphins and other marine mammals are killed or seriously injured every year by foreign fishing fleets after getting trapped , entangled , or hooked in commercial fishing gear . While U.S. fishers and foreign fishers exporting to the U.S. are required to comply with the MMPA to reduce this unintended "  bycatch " of marine mammals , the U.S. currently enforces the law against U.S. fishers , but lets most foreign fishers off the hook with its failure to enforce the law . After 40 years , the government has indicated it is finally moving to require that imported seafood meets U.S. standards for marine mammal bycatch . We know about whale , dolphin and sea lion populations suffering from bycatch from fisheries that likely export at least some of their product to the United States . We found that North Atlantic right whales , New Zealand sea lions , Mediterranean sperm whales , vaquitas , spinner dolphins in the Indian Ocean , Baltic and Black Sea harbor porpoises , J-stock minke whales and false killer whales in the Western and Central Pacific are threatened by fisheries bycatch and that enforcing the MMPA 's provision against imports from these fisheries could force foreign fishing fisheries to adopt better practices that would save the lives of animals from these populations . Enforcement wo n't be easy and wo n't necessarily be quick . Motivating foreign fisheries around the globe to adopt better practices that will benefit marine mammals is a tall order . But continued access to the U.S. market is a great motivator . While some fisheries may decide it 's not worth the hassle , others will view protecting marine mammals as an opportunity to continue a lucrative relationship with American consumers who love fish , but also want to know that foreign fisheries are working to limit harm to the whales , dolphins and sea lions that they also love . The greatest danger at this point is that the U.S. government will drag its feet and issue enforcement regulations that are too weak or otherwise run afoul of other binding agreements , like World Trade Organization requirements that bar treating countries unequally . The government could also continue the status quo by failing to take any action to hold foreign fisheries accountable . For 40 years , federal watchdogs have failed to enforce a law that could save thousands of whales and dolphins from negligent foreign fishing practices each year . Until foreign fleets see real consequences for failing to abide by the law , marine mammals will continue to be harmed around the world and American fishermen will be disadvantaged . No one wants their shrimp cocktail to come with a side of dolphin , but that 's essentially what 's happening when we eat imported fish that is n't held to the same standards as American seafood . Next time you order that tuna steak , ask where it was caught and consider voting with your wallet and only buy American , wild-caught seafood . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zak Smith .	Zak Smith : Did you know that buying American seafood could save a whale ? Smith : Much of wild-caught foreign fish product sold in U.S. endanger marine mammals He says since 90 % of seafood eaten in the U.S. is imported , consumers have a say Smith : Demand foreign fisheries use safer methods to avoid catching dolphins , whales
CNN  The governor of Virginia has ordered an investigation after a black student at the University of Virginia was injured during an arrest early Wednesday . The university 's Black Student Alliance distributed a photograph , showing what it said was Martese Johnson , 20 , during his arrest . Blood splatters his shirt and covers his face . Video from the incident shows Johnson pinned to the ground , screaming : "  I go to UVA ! ... You f ****** racists ! What the f *** ? How did this happen ? " An officer can be heard telling the student to stop fighting . On Wednesday night , hundreds of students rallied in support of Johnson . And Johnson himself took the microphone . "  Regardless of your personal opinions and the way you feel about subjects ... please respect everyone here , " he said . "  We are one community . We deserve to respect each other , especially in times like this . " Earlier , the Black Student Alliance issued a statement denouncing the incident . "  Today , we are reminded of the gruesome reality that we are not immune to injustice ; as University students , we are not impervious to the brutality that has reeled on news cycles around the country , " the group said . "  We have marched and shouted that we are Trayvon Martin and Michael Brown , but the proximity of this morning 's brutality to a member of our community has deepened that wound . It is no longer happening only on national television -- it is a reality here and now at the University of Virginia that we must face as a collective , " it said . People are also speaking out on Twitter where #JusticeForMartese was trending Wednesday evening . The student 's name had 16,000 mentions on Twitter in the past 24 hours . According to the Virginia Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control  ABC  , uniformed ABC special agents arrested Johnson after he was refused entry to a licensed establishment and questioned . He was charged with public intoxication and obstruction of justice , ABC said in a statement , adding that Johnson was treated for his injuries at a local hospital and released . In a separate statement , Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe said that he has asked the Secretary of Public Safety to open an independent Virginia State Police investigation into the use of force . The special agents involved in the incident will be restricted to administrative duties , pending the results of the investigation . Johnson is a third-year student double majoring in Italian and media studies . He has no criminal record , according to his attorney , and holds a variety of leadership positions on campus . "  As evidenced by both his academic and extracurricular achievements , Martese is a smart young man with a bright future , " attorney Daniel P. Watkins said . "  I have spoken with him several times today , and he is absolutely devastated by yesterday 's events . Currently , we are preparing to investigate and defend this matter vigorously . " The president of the University of Virginia urged anyone who witnessed the arrest , or who has information about it , to contact authorities . "  We have not yet clarified all of the details surrounding this event , but we are seeking to do so as quickly as possible , " said Teresa A. Sullivan . "  Today , as U.Va . students , faculty , and staff who share a set of deeply held values , we stand unified in our commitment to seeking the truth about this incident . And we stand united in our belief that equal treatment and equal justice are among our fundamental rights under the law . " CNN 's Patrick Cornell contributed to this report .	Martese Johnson : "  We are one community . We deserve to respect each other " He was injured during an arrest , and a photo of his bloodied face was distributed Virginia 's governor has ordered an investigation of the incident
LONDON , England  CNN  -- For a man once accustomed to wearing banana boots , tights and a leotard -- together -- today 's choice of attire is remarkably sedate . Comedian Billy Connolly takes CNN 's Revealed on a tour of his home town , his beloved Glasgow , Scotland . Scottish actor and comedian Billy Connolly is wearing black jeans , a black T-shirt and a brown jacket to give CNN 's "  Revealed " a tour of his beloved hometown of Glasgow . He 'd almost blend into the background if it was n't for his wild mop of grey hair , distinctive round glasses and compulsion to chat with every passer by . "  You know he just loves an audience , " says his long-suffering but immensely proud and supportive wife , Pamela Stephenson , an Australian comedienne-turned-psychotherapist . "  I mean it 's frustrating for me because we 'll be in a restaurant or we 'll be on the street or something and I 'm trying to get somewhere , and someone will stop him and he 'll say ` Ah yes ! ' and he 'll start telling a story , and all of a sudden they 're best friends . " Billy Connolly has a lot of best friends in Glasgow . Men cross the street to shake his hand and elderly ladies stop to enquire about his health . On spying the camera , one dressed in a neat blue suit and sensible flats asks , "  you doing a wee program , son ? " "  You want to be famous ? " replies Connolly , engulfing her tiny frame in a six-foot bear hug from which she emits a muffled whoop . "  Your first screen kiss , " he adds , planting a smacker square on her lips . She giggles as they part . "  Thanks Billy , " she says , giving him the thumbs-up . The streets of Glasgow were n't nearly as friendly 65 years ago when the young Billy Connolly arrived with a plop on the cold linoleum floor of his parents ' tenement house . He was the second of two children born to a young family that was soon to fracture . Not long after Billy 's birth , his father , William Connolly , left to join the war effort in Burma . His mother , Mamie Connolly , soon tired of looking after two children on her own and walked out on both of them when Billy was barely four years old . Watch Connolly discuss how his childhood drove him into comedy " The children were taken in by two aunts who abused them even after their father 's return from the war in March 1946 . Far from protecting them , he too mentally and physically abused his young son . "  The most overwhelming thing that happens to you is n't the abuse itself , the physical side , " Connolly tells CNN . "  It 's the loss of love , there 's a loss of respect happens and it 's irredeemable , it ca n't be gotten back . " As a boy , Connolly had difficulty retaining information . He did poorly at school and left to work as an apprentice welder at the local shipyards . "  It helped me greatly . You go in as a spotty boy at 16 and you come out at 21 , with an Adam 's apple and your voice has broken , you are a guy , a man . " By then , he 'd also discovered the banjo . "  When I saw Pete Seeger playing the banjo it completely changed my life , " Connolly tells CNN . He discovered his comedic talents while playing a folk music gig in Paisley with his friend Jimmy Steel . Halfway through a song , Connolly forgot the lyrics so he told the audience the storyline instead . To his great surprise , they laughed and a comedian was born . "  It gave me the confidence to be funny , " Connolly recalls . "  I 'd always enjoyed being funny but it gave me the confidence to stand up on stage and do it . " "  Though I must say , I really wanted to be a banjo hero , a folkie with a beard and an instrument and music , and people go ` did you hear him play ? ' It 's purely mine now -- it is n't for the public anymore , it 's just for me and my other pals who play . " Watch a rare performance of Billy on Banjo " . In the early 1970s , Billy Connolly 's anecdote-heavy , expletive-strewn stand-up shows were selling out venues in Scotland . In 1975 , he hit the big time after shocking audiences with a bawdy joke on popular English talk show "  Parkinson . " "  I told a joke about a guy parking a bicycle in a woman 's bum , and it got the most phenomenal reception . Parkinson just collapsed , " Connolly recalls . Watch Billy 's bum joke " "  He literally told one joke on that show and that made him as a comedian , " presenter Michael Parkinson tells CNN . "  Whenever he came on the show after that , he used to put two to three million on the viewing figures . The only two people who ever did that were Mohammad Ali and Billy Connolly . " While Billy Connolly 's career was on an upward trajectory , though , his personal life was spiraling out of control in a toxic blur of drink and drugs . "  I was quite suicidal at the time , " he tells CNN . "  The fame was getting on my nerves . I was really fed up of being famous . I found it tiresome ; the drinking was a way out of it , but then it became its own problem . " His first marriage was crumbling when he met wife Pamela Stephenson . "  It was like a door opening and daylight streaming in , " he says . "  Billy will sometimes say things like I saved him . It 's just not true , he saved himself , " Stephenson tells CNN . Pamela Stephenson talks about life with Billy "  He 's very , very smart , " she continues . "  He saw that there was a chance for personal happiness and a chance to survive and to take care of his enormous talent and move into a far greater happiness and he made a choice to do that . " More than thirty years after his sell-out Scottish shows , he 's still packing them in . His recent tour of Northern Ireland sold out in record time -- 20,000 seats in six minutes . "  It 's just a case of putting the name up and they come , " promoter Pat Egan tells CNN . Connolly 's manager of some 24 years , Steven Brown , still struggles to comprehend his client 's enduring appeal . "  We have n't been to Ireland for seven years , and the demand is probably twice what it was before , which is probably twice what it was the tour before that , " Brown tells CNN . "  After forty years it should n't do that . It should level off to a plateau , or start dipping . "  The only thing I can put it down to is he does n't do a lot of press , he does n't do radio . I wish I could take credit for it and say it was a clever management decision that made it happen but it 's not , it 's just that what he does he does brilliantly and people love it and they just want to come and see more of it . " The banana boots Connolly used to wear on stage to "  sex up " his image now sit in a glass cabinet at the local museum , "  The People 's Palace , " in Glasgow . He no longer wears outlandish costumes on stage . He does n't need to . If the reception he receives on the streets of his hometown is anything to go by , he 'll have them rolling in the aisles for some time to come .	Comedian Billy Connolly gives CNN 's Revealed a tour of his hometown The shipyard welder played the banjo before discovering his comedic talents His fame spread after he shocked television audiences with a bawdy bum joke More than 30 years later , his stand-up shows still sell out in record time
CNN  -- Those of us who have yet to lay hands or eyes on anything but images of Google Glass are prone to daydreaming about how we 'll actually interact with the device . We know there are buttons , a tiny touchpad , and voice inputs , but what about the times when we want to check our e-mail and do n't want to speak aloud to an inanimate object ? A Reddit user who bore into the Google Glass code came out with an interesting discovery : the ability to trigger an event with a "  wink " gesture . The code includes provisions for enabling and disabling winks as a command , as well as a couple of lines for calibration and one called "  EYE_GESTURES_WINK_TAKE_PHOTO . " The need for calibration suggests that users will be able to set up the wink trigger to prevent Glass from registering a blink as a chance to fire off whatever action is attached to the gesture . While this sounds like a potentially useful feature , we ca n't help but picture enjoying ourselves in a public space when another person wearing Google Glass catches our eye . We lock gazes . Slowly , deliberately , they wink . Google has apparently been working on a number of control and interaction schemes , including virtual buttons projected onto nearby surfaces  hands , arms  and audio playback designs that vibrate the bones in the user 's head to make themselves heard . Explorer editions of the headsets are in developer hands now  as well as those who submitted proposals  , and the consumer versions are set to hit sometime next year . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Code for Google 's Glass eyewear suggests users may snap photos with a wink of an eye Google Glass just shipped to beta users but wo n't be available to everyone until 2014 The code includes provisions for enabling and disabling winks as a command
CNN  -- As bloody unrest has raged around him , artist Oussama Diab has been formulating his own response to Syria 's civil war -- through art . Diab , a 35-year-old painter born of Palestinian parents in Damascus and still living in Syria 's capital , has a new exhibition of works he has created this year . His exhibition "  In the Name of Freedom " opened September 17 in Dubai . Diab says he was unable to get a visa to travel to the United Arab Emirates , so he had to remain in Syria . In a telephone interview Diab said his new works "  are inspired by what 's going on across the Arab world , politics is in everything . " "  My artwork reflects not only what is happening in Syria but what has happened in all the Arab world . One of the artist 's duties is to follow the problems , the worries , the suffering and present it in his work . "  The fact of living inside the situation makes me able to show it better . I can talk about all the suffering that has happened here and also on the other side of the world , " he added . Diab said he had lost someone close to him in the conflict that has divided Syria since March 2011 , but would not give any more details . "  I am always living in worry and I have fears living here , " he said . "  Without referring to who is doing it , all the bloodshed is not easy to handle , so it affects your mood . " While Diab 's work does not directly reference to the civil war in Syria , the themes of war and dreams of a better future are featured in his pictures . One shows a child with a gun superimposed over a barcode . He said it showed how children are the victims of those who deal in weapons for their own ends . Another work shows a woman with her head replaced by balloons , which Diab said represented the nice ideas in her head . Diab has been represented by Ayyam Gallery , which has branches in Damascus , Dubai and Beirut since 2007 when he was one of 10 winners of a competition to find emerging artists . His first solo show was in 2009 . Diab 's work is described by the gallery as pop art and graffiti-inspired paintings against nondescript backgrounds , giving a symbolic interpretation of current events . Also on Inside the Middle East : Syrian artists fight Assad regime with satire Among the works is "  Human Being " showing a banana with nails driven into it . Diab said the banana represents a person suffering from the pain of the nails . Another work shows an altered version of Michaelangelo 's "  Pieta " sculpture in which Jesus Christ wears a keffiyeh , intended to show him as a Palestinian martyr . "  Like Charlie Chaplain , I 'm representing a black comedy so it makes you smile and it gives you grief at the same time , " Diab said of his work . Much of his work reflects his identity as a Palestinian who has never been to his homeland . "  My work is based on the idea of country , " he said . "  All countries around the world should be sacred . I hate the situation in Syria because Syria should be sacred as well . I do n't want the country to be ruined . "  Because I live without a country , it makes me feel closer to people who are suffering here . I feel their suffering and it affects me too . It makes me closer to understanding their pain . " Diab 's said he feels his identity split between his Palestinian heritage and his parents ' adopted country . "  I never had the chance to live in Palestine , so I feel like the country is an illusion , " he said . "  My parents did n't come to a strange country , but one where they could speak the same language . The idea of country is sacred to me . Syria is my second country , but I would love to be in my other country . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Images of Tahrir : Egypt 's revolutionary art Diab visited Dubai for the opening of the Ayyam Gallery a few years ago , but said he has not been able to get a visa to visit since . Sally Othman , gallery manager of Ayyam Damascus , said artists in the city were continuing to work during the unrest , but there are fewer exhibitions . "  The gallery is running as normal because we have our artists based here , but as far as exhibitions , it 's hard these days because people are not going out , " she said . "  We had two workshops with four actors working live in the gallery before Ramadan and we are going to do something similar soon . " "  In the Name of Freedom " runs at Ayyam Gallery , DIFC , Dubai , until October 30 . Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Catriona Davies : @catrionadavies and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Oussama Diab is a Palestinian artist living in Damascus His exhibition "  In The Name of Freedom " opened this week in Dubai Paintings were all created in Syria during the civil war
CNN  -- The attorney representing the 22-year-old Kentucky soldier charged with attempted espionage and communicating military information said Tuesday that his client told him he is innocent . "  Generally speaking , yes -- that he is not guilty of attempted espionage or spying against the United States , " Stephen Karns said of what the solider told him . Spc. William Colton Millay of Owensboro , Kentucky , was charged this week with attempted espionage and communicating military information , allegations that have shocked friends who have described him as a patriotic country boy . The formal charges were issued 10 days after Millay was arrested at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson , Alaska , said Col. Bill Coppernoll , the public affairs officer at the base . According to a statement from the base , issued Monday , Millay "  communicated and transmitted unclassified national defense information to an individual whom he believed was a foreign intelligence agent . " The Army specialist "  believed  this information  could be used to the advantage of a foreign nation . " A charge of failure to obey general regulations stems from an assertion that Millay did not "  report multiple contacts with someone he believed to be a foreign intelligence agent . " He is also accused of "  wrongfully concealing and storing two firearms and ammunition in his assigned barracks room . " The military further alleges that Millay "  wrongfully solicited a fellow-service member to obtain classified information and tangible items " so that they could be given to a foreign intelligence agent , leading to a charge of solicitation . He is also charged with making false statements , having allegedly not been forthright in telling Army counterintelligence officials "  the full scope " of his attempted contacts with other governments and "  the full nature " of what he 'd disclosed to the believed-to-be foreign agent . Military authorities did not disclose what information specifically Millay allegedly obtained and disclosed , but they described it as not classified . Nor did they state which country he believed that information was going to , via a "  foreign intelligence agent . " He is currently being held at the Anchorage Correctional Complex , according to the military statement . Karns , Millay 's attorney , said that it may be important that the material allegedly involved in the case was not classified . "  It is very serious charges . My hope is it is not going to amount to what they are claiming , " he said . Having enlisted in the Army in November 2007 , Millay was based in South Korea and Fort Stewart , Georgia , and spent one tour of combat duty in Iraq before being assigned to the Alaska base in May , according to the military statement . He was assigned to the 164th Military Police Company , 793rd Military Police Battalion , 2nd Engineer Brigade , known as the "  Arctic Enforcers . " Longtime friend Drew Bramschreiber of Owensboro has said Millay hardly fit the spy persona . "  He 's just a simple country boy , " he said . "  He was never the kind of guy who would get into trouble . " Another friend , Janssen Payne , said last week that Millay idolized his brother , who is also in the Army , and that he had been in the ROTC program in high school . He was a supporter of President George W. Bush and the U.S. war effort in Iraq and Afghanistan , his friend said . "  You 've got the wrong guy , " Payne said . "  That 's just not who he is . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report .	Spc. William Colton Millay faces charges including communicating military information His lawyer says Millay told him he is not guilty Soldier believed he was giving info to "  a foreign intelligence agent , " military says The 22-year-old Kentucky native enlisted in the U.S. Army in 2007
CNN  -- If anyone deserved the death penalty , it was Clayton Lockett . He committed a series of vile acts that we as a civilization would condemn under any circumstances . In August 2000 , a jury in Oklahoma found Lockett guilty of first-degree murder , rape , forcible oral sodomy , kidnapping and a bevy of other charges -- 19 in all . They stemmed from a robbery-gone-wrong in which victims were tied up at gunpoint ; one young woman was raped multiple times , and another , who had just graduated from high school , was shot and buried alive in a ditch . On Tuesday night , Lockett was scheduled to die by lethal injection -- the preferred means for executing criminals in states that allow for the death penalty . During lethal injections , subjects are given a chemical cocktail designed to put them to sleep , render paralysis and then stop the heart . One problem for death-penalty states , such as my state of Florida , is the chemicals used for lethal injection are hard to come by , partly because some companies who produce the chemicals refuse to sell them for the purposes of executions . So in the case of Lockett , the state of Oklahoma tested a new combination of chemicals . Instead of putting Lockett to sleep and stopping his heart , the administration of the lethal injection caused his vein to burst , and about 45 minutes later , he died of a heart attack . It 's been dubbed a "  botched execution , " and Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin stayed another execution scheduled for Tuesday evening pending an investigation . This is an absurd problem for states to wrestle with -- this notion of how to kill someone properly . Like I said , if anyone deserved the death penalty , it was Lockett , but the real debate is whether we need to be in the business of trying to find the least cruel and least unusual way to kill anyone voluntarily . It seems clear that the death penalty is a 19th-century relic , and our ridiculous struggle to figure out how to do it properly in the 21st century is a signal that perhaps we should join the rest of the civilized Western world in abolishing executions . Even Russia has n't had an execution since 1999 , and I would n't exactly call Vladimir Putin soft on crime . But please understand that I am not some left-wing , dyed-in-the-wool liberal who simply believes all criminal behavior is the fault of a system that fosters deviance . Not at all . I believe that if you take somebody 's life with premeditation , and if a jury , after hearing all of the evidence properly presented by competent counsel , finds you guilty , then you should die -- but in prison , at the end of a life sentence . My objection to the death penalty is pragmatic . It 's ineffective as a deterrent , and it is an extraordinary burden on our justice system . For a punishment to offer an effective deterrence , it has to be applied swiftly to maintain the logical cause and effect relationship with the crime , that this is a consequence . But we simply can not , and should not , act quickly . The extended period required to ensure that the death penalty is appropriate -- that all options and appeals have been exhausted before resorting to the ultimate punishment -- is an essential safeguard in a civilized society . In Lockett 's case , this process took nearly 14 years . Even with this long process of appeals , our system is far from perfect . Innocence projects around the country have saved 144 death-row inmates since 1973 by presenting new evidence that has proven them not guilty . Think of how many innocent people we have executed , when the number should be zero . We should all be shocked and appalled . Since we know innocent people sometimes get convicted based upon bad identification , faulty witnesses , improper police activities and incompetent counsel , ca n't we at least agree to avoid killing somebody when we know we have an imperfect system ? And the burden of the appeals process on the criminal justice system is huge . A recent report from Amnesty International shows the average cost to carry a death penalty case from prosecution to execution is three to 10 times more than a case with a life sentence . Very often , a life sentence costs the state less than $ 1 million . Some death penalty cases have cost more than $ 10 million . The excruciatingly long , and necessary , appeals process in death penalty cases cost taxpayers millions for each case , and it draws resources away from other important prosecutions . Is it worth the price ? It would be worth the price , if that was what it took to get justice . But is the death penalty justice ? Or is it retribution ? Often in a death penalty case , members of the victim 's family are the strongest advocates for a death sentence . They say they want justice for their slain loved one , but what they often truly want is retribution . This is both understandable and acceptable . An eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . But it 's never that simple . I 've tried death penalty cases , and I 've been lucky : None of my clients has ever been sent to death row . But I know many good lawyers who have n't been so lucky . You may be surprised to know that in many death penalty cases , which last for years , defense lawyers get to know victims ' families . The families of homicide victims , after an execution , often do n't feel the long sought-after sense of relief they expected . Often , they are left , instead , with unresolved emptiness . Two lives are lost when a murder is committed , and two families are irrevocably altered . We should feel the pain as well , and spend more time , effort and money on those who are affected . We should not spend ever-dwindling resources figuring out ways to kill . The death penalty is flawed in every conceivable way , and it should be abolished .	Mark O'Mara acknowledges if anyone deserved death penalty , Clayton Lockett did O'Mara : But execution is a 19th-century relic , and we still ca n't do it properly He asks how many innocent inmates have been killed ? O'Mara : It does n't deter crime , and victims ' families often left feeling no relief
Rolling Stone  -- The Rolling Stones blend past and present on "  Doom and Gloom , " their first new song together in seven years . Mick Jagger sings about class tensions and oil fracking over a Keith Richards guitar riff with shades of Sticky Fingers , while Charlie Watts propels the whole thing with an unfussy , rock-solid beat . Recorded in Paris earlier this year and produced by Don Was , the tune comes from the Stones ' new "  GRRR ! Greatest Hits " collection , due November 13 . The 50th anniversary compilation includes another new song , "  One More Shot , " along with classic Stones gems including "  Gim me Shelter , " "  I Ca n't Get No  Satisfaction , " "  Jumpin ' Jack Flash , " "  Start Me Up " and "  Street Fighting Man . " The Stones released "  Doom and Gloom " this morning into a swirl of talk about possible tour dates . In addition to a pair of shows each expected in London and at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn by the end of the year , touring saxophone player Bobby Keys has said he expects "  a few added concerts after that . " The band is also the subject of a new career-spanning documentary , "  Crossfire Hurricane , " which premieres November 15 on HBO . See the original article at Rolling Stone .	The Rolling Stones blend past and present on "  Doom and Gloom " "  Doom and Gloom " is their first new song together in seven years The tune was recorded in Paris earlier this year and produced by Don Was
CNN  -- A year ago on Thursday , the U.S. Senate failed to pass a bill that would have helped fix our nation 's gun laws by requiring background checks on all purchases of firearms . Ninety percent of all Americans -- and more than 80 % of gun owners -- believe that all people should be subject to such checks . And even though the bill won majority support in the Senate -- more than 50 members -- it was not enough to break a filibuster . But in the year after the massacre at Newtown , Connecticut , on December 14 , 2012 , the grassroots movement to pass common sense gun laws and policies that are consistent with the Second Amendment has made great progress just about everywhere except Washington . In Colorado , Connecticut , Delaware and New York , local citizens helped lead the successful push for legislation that closed loopholes in background checks laws . In Washington state and Wisconsin , citizens helped pass laws that keep firearms out of the hands of domestic abusers . In Colorado alone , the new law stopped more than 160 prohibited buyers from getting their hands on a gun , and as Coloradans know too well , it only takes one to devastate a family , a community , a nation . And the law has n't gotten in the way of law-abiding gun owners , who bought more firearms in 2013 than in any preceding year . We also gave voice to hundreds of thousands of Americans who persuaded Facebook and Instagram to change their policies so that unlicensed gun sellers can not use their sites to sell guns without background checks . These significant victories were won by a growing , nonpartisan coalition that is refusing to wait for Washington to act . That coalition includes parents , mayors , police chiefs , religious leaders , gun owners and everyday Americans of all political persuasions . Mothers , in particular , have been at the forefront of this fight . They 've given testimony at town halls , led "  Stroller Jams " at state capitals , hosted quilting bees and delivered petitions to legislatures and companies across the country . To unify the efforts of this diverse coalition of Americans , we are launching Everytown for Gun Safety in America , a new umbrella organization that will be the largest and best-organized counterweight to the gun lobby that has ever been created . Everytown for Gun Safety will expand on the work of two existing organizations -- Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America -- and take the fight for gun violence prevention policies to every community in the country . Everytown for Gun Safety will continue pushing for better background check laws in Congress and state houses . But we will also broaden our focus to include other issues that are important to Americans , like safe storage education campaigns to help keep kids from being killed by unlocked or dangerously stored guns . And new laws to keep guns out of the hands of domestic abusers . And efforts to help reduce the nearly 19,400 suicides that happen every year with guns . In each area , we will make progress by doing something that no gun group , other than the National Rifle Association , has ever done : inform and mobilize voters . The reason the NRA has political influence -- in addition to its campaign contributions -- is that it has scared elected officials into believing that voters will oppose them unless they follow the NRA 's Washington leadership , which has grown increasingly extreme and increasingly out of touch with its own members . Bloomberg to spend $ 50 million to challenge NRA on guns In fact , the NRA 's reputation for political strength is wildly blown out of proportion and the election results from three statewide contests in Virginia this past November reflect that reality . Candidates who spoke out in support of common sense gun violence prevention policies were elected as governor , lieutenant governor , and attorney general . In the attorney general 's race , his campaign manager said that the candidate 's support for sensible stances on gun issues was a major factor in his victory . Nonetheless , the perception of an unbeatable gun lobby still lingers and part of our mission will be showing candidates and elected officials that the vast majority of Americans and gun owners support common sense gun policies that respect the Second Amendment and save lives . To mobilize voters who are committed to backing candidates that support common sense gun policies , Everytown for Gun Safety is launching a Gun Sense Voter campaign . Before the 2014 midterms , we aim to get at least 1 million Americans to pledge to vote for state and federal candidates based on where they stand on gun safety . We 'll keep voters informed by tracking candidates ' positions and determining which of them support gun safety and which do not . Leaders from all walks of life will join us on our board of directors , including one of our nation 's most respected military leaders , Adm. Mike Mullen , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff ; University of Oklahoma president and former Sen. David Boren ; and former Secretary of Homeland Security Tom Ridge . All of us are united by the belief that accepting the status quo -- 12,000 Americans are murdered with guns every year -- is unconscionable . There is no doubt that we have a big hill to climb . Well-funded , entrenched special interests are always difficult to defeat . And for years , the gun lobby has largely had the field to itself . No longer . Everytown for Gun Safety and its growing grassroots network will be gunning for change that both protects our country and respects our Constitution .	Writers : 90 % of Americans , 80 % of gun owners want background checks for guns Writers : Sensible gun laws fail because of politicians ' irrational fear of the NRA Writers : Everytown for Gun Safety group will show you can support gun control , win elections Michael Bloomberg , Shannon Watts : The gun lobby no longer has the field to itself
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- To the soundtrack of fingers banging on keyboards , a cluster of Internet users recently caught up on their e-mails , updated their statuses on Facebook and looked for love on Match.com . The activity would seem unremarkable in any other Internet cafe except there were no lattes for sale and no soft-rock music being piped over speakers , and the owner of "  the cafe " is the Cuban government . Read more : ` Forbidden bloggers ' The "  navigation hall " as such establishments are called here , is one of 118 government-run Internet access points that Cuban authorities opened in June , marking a small step towards greater connectivity in a country with some of the lowest percentages of Internet penetration in the Western hemisphere . For high school student Arian Bacallao , the opening of the centers meant his first opportunity to see sites like Youtube , Twitter and Google . "  For a while now I have been trying to find a way to get online , which was n't that easy to do , " he said . "  Now that the government 's done this , it 's a convenient way to find information . " Report : Internet censorship on the up Convenient , but at $ 4.50 an hour , hardly cheap . While Cubans who work in the island 's small but growing private sector or receive remittances from abroad might be able to afford to go online in the navigation centers , it remains an unimaginable luxury for a state employee who typically makes about $ 20 a month . "  You have to get the money together , it 's not easy , " said Lisbet Rodriguez , a chef in training who said the high cost of going online meant she could only get online twice each month . "  If it could be just a little faster , " Rodriguez said as she glanced back at the on-screen clock , which was slowly counting down the time she had left . "  But I 'd rather pay four bucks here than $ 10 to get online in a hotel . " Before the navigation halls opened , Cubans had to enter -- often sneak -- into hotels to use expensive Internet outlets set aside for foreigners . Or they had to ask a favor of a friend who had access through his or her job . Or give a thumb drive full of e-mails to a tourist and hope they would send them once they left Cuba . ` Father of the internet ' : Why we must fight for its freedom Even though there are the 118 new halls , there are only a total of 419 computers where people can go online . While that would appear to woefully insufficient for a country of 11 million people , Tania Velazquez Rodriguez , an assistant director with the state-run ETECSA telecommunications company , said so far government officials say they are meeting the relatively small demand for Internet access . Velazquez said currently about 1,000 people each day are using the new centers . But Velazquez said usage is expected to surge should the price drop , a possibility she said Cuban officials were "  studying . " "  Obviously its not enough , we understand that , we know that and we have plans to expand access , " she said . "  We are working very hard so that by the end of the year we can have more locations . " More locations would more mean information -- a rarity in a country where for most of the last 54 years of the Cuban revolution the only media available was a state-run variety rendered bland and devoid of current events to the point of becoming a running joke in the same populace to which it was force-fed . But with increasing usage of cell phones by Cubans and information carried in to the country one newspaper and magazine a time by travelers from abroad , slowly gaps have appeared in the information wall . "  Today there is news in every direction , " Miguel Diaz-Canel , Cuba 's first vice president and presumptive successor to Raul Castro , said in May . "  People receive it , they know about it . So then the worst thing is to remain silent . " Cubans who use the navigation halls can access social media , foreign news publications and even blogs written by some of the island 's dissidents who are highly critical of the government . But before they do , any user of the government Internet has to sign a contract promising not to engage in any subterfuge online that could harm Cuba 's "  economy , sovereignty or national security . " "  Obviously , our government promotes certain conduct regarding ethical and moral behaviors , " said state communications official Velazquez . Ted Henken , an associate professor at Baruch College who was written a book on the emergence of social media in Cuba , said the government is wrestling with the problem of giving greater access while not losing control . "  I thing it 's significant in a kind of cat-and-mouse game between the government and the people of Cuba , " he said , "  Regardless of their political ideology  they  really want to be connected to the 21st century and that means the Internet . " At a Havana navigation hall , retiree Raul Fernandez said he was n't interested in politics or societal change but in keeping in touch with a brother living in Costa Rica and a son who had moved to Spain . "  You have to spend money but nowadays everything costs something , " he said of the price tag of his new ability to e-mail with family . "  You have to make the sacrifice . " Still , he said , with his eyes lighting up , what would be even better than a cost reduction would be to one day have Internet service at his home . "  It would be more convenient , " he explained . "  Then I could communicate whenever I feel like it . "	The Cuban government opened 118 "  navigation halls " in June They allow access to the Internet -- for a price , $ 4.50 an hour It 's an unimaginable luxury for a state employee earning about $ 20 a month Still , a professor says , Cubans "  really want to be connected "
CNN  -- In many ways our relationship with the hospitality industry is like a fledgling romance . Sometimes , it pulls some smooth moves , everything clicks and we walk hand in hand into the sunset . But just as often , its fumbling advances leave us feeling cheap , embarrassed and more than a little concerned about an itchy rash . So , in the interest of seeing this relationship through its growing pains , here are a few hints about what we 'd like to see more of -- and less of . Share your loves and hates in the comments box below . We love airport taxi driver signs Foreign airports can be intimidating places . Humidity hangs in the air , smells hang in the toilets and the mustaches hang off the faces of customs officials . These can all leave the frazzled traveler feeling disorientated . So , when we emerge onto a concourse filled with hundreds of baying touts , there 's nothing more comforting than seeing a small cardboard sign bearing our misspelled name . This is our ticket through the chaos . Instantly , we have a friend and guide to get us through the perilous first few hours , to usher us to an air-conditioned vehicle and navigate the potholed roads that lie between us and our hotel . And if we 're not too choosy about where we 're staying , there 's no need to book ahead to take advantage of this service . Few drivers speak our language and will be so bored of waiting , they 'll happily accept our claim to be "  Goerge Cloney . " Clooney can find his own way to the city . We hate welcome drinks Because -- after we 've traveled halfway across the world in a cramped and airless passenger jet -- the last thing we want on arrival at our resort is a glass of sugary punch to swill into the fur-coated hole we used to call our mouth . Maybe hotel staff think that hot , sticky and uncomfortable guests need hot , sticky and uncomfortable beverages . But what 's wrong with a freshly brewed cup of tea or coffee or a restorative pitcher of beer ? Failing those , a bucket of cold water would do the trick . We love pillow chocolates There 's a glorious lack of logic to the hotel habit of placing chocolates on pillows . When we 've brushed our teeth in readiness for a snooze , why do we then need a mouthful of sugar ? But for anyone who relishes the joy of a new hotel room -- trampolining on beds , raiding minibars , wallowing in bathrobes -- pillow chocolates serve to heighten those childish pleasures . They do , however , present a hazard to those too exhausted to spot them . Although there are probably hotels somewhere that deliberately cater to this , most guests wo n't enjoy waking up to find a blotch of warm , brown goo sliding down their cheeks . We hate bellboys hauling our luggage We 've bounced our suitcase down 6 million steps from our apartment . We 've pulled every muscle in our upper bodies hoisting it into the overhead lockers . We 've survived angry mobs bent on avenging the elderly woman we hospitalized with a careless swing of our backpack . So why do we now need to tip someone to carry our bags the last 20 meters ? Sure , we appreciate that some frail or lazy folk need a helping hand with their luggage . But look at us : we 're normal human beings , we 've made it this far and we can manage on our own . It 's a long shot , but we can probably also figure out how to switch on the lights in our room , flush the toilet and put the large denomination banknote , which is inevitably the only cash we have on us right now , to much better use . We love towel elephants "  Towel elephant " sounds like a euphemism for an unexpected encounter in the men 's steam room , but actually describes a form of origami deployed by some hotels . This involves folding together a hand and bath towel to produce a cute , fluffy pachyderm , replete with trunk , ears and legs . Towels have long been at the front line of hotel cost-cutting -- usually in the shape of those environmental notices that urge you to reuse them as much as possible -- so it 's nice to see a bit of attention lavished on them for once . Just remember to unfold them before use . There can be few things more distressing to hotel maids than seeing a damp elephant in the corner of the bathroom , its trunk drooping in shame . We hate hotel music There are two types of jazz -- and they 're both execrable . Neither more so than when they 're oozing through a hotel loudspeaker system . As if it was n't bad enough to smother us with soft saxophone every time we step into an elevator , many hotels also pursue us down their corridors via loudspeakers embedded in the ceiling . In psychological warfare , music is often blasted round-the-clock at targets to force them into surrender . This wo n't work if the enemy has spent any amount of time in a hotel . We love the concierge desk Always smiling , always genial , always ready to serve . Many of the responsibilities of the concierge are being replaced by the Internet -- after all , it 's tough to compete with local websites when searching for the best jalapeno-infused margarita in town . But it 's nice to know these service stalwarts are still around to scatter our dog 's ashes in the sea and find us life-sized replicas of ourselves made of chocolate at a moment 's notice . We 're not making those up . Click here for a list of bizarre hotel guest requests . We hate feeble Wi-Fi signals For most people , an Internet connection is now as essential as having water on tap in the bathroom . So if you 're going to include it in the price of our hotel room , make sure you give us a strong , uninterrupted signal . If the water slows to a trickle or cuts out every couple of minutes , angry guests will willingly stomp down to Reception , naked apart from a bath towel , to point wet accusing fingers at the manager . Given that many bored business travelers also use the Internet while wrapped in a bath towel , it 's in everyone 's interests to ensure they are kept online and their wet accusing fingers are kept out of Reception . We hate unreliable magnetic swipe cards Magnetic key cards are easier to carry than clumsy old skeleton keys and when we forget to return them at checkout they 're easy to throw away . Hooray . But few indignities foisted on us by the hotel industry are as aggravating as returning to the hotel at 11:30 at night after drinks and dinner , crossing the lobby , taking the elevator to the 23rd floor , walking down the hallway thinking of nothing more than that toilet in the room we so desperately need right now ... then not seeing that reassuring little green light appear when we swipe our key card . Wait , did we do that right ? Try it again . Try the other one . Do it again . The other way . Try the ... Eventually , the only thing left to do is slog back down to the front desk for a "  quick fix " to a problem that pops up far more often than it should . We love free bread sticks Perhaps love is too strong a word . But we like them a lot , so do keep them coming while we 're deciding what to order . Yes , obviously some are finding their way into our pockets for later consumption , but after the "  towel elephant " incident in Reception and that George Clooney mix-up with the taxi , it could be a while before we 're able to sneak past the bellboys and get to eat our pillow chocolates . What are your hospitality industry loves and hates ? Share them in the comments box below . Originally published August 2012 , updated June 2014 .	Airport taxi chauffeurs -- a quick , easy , way through the chaos of a new city But bellboys ? We 've humped our bags all this way , we can manage the last 20 meters too Bad hotel Wi-Fi is the quickest way to have your flustered guest demanding a refund
CNN  -- For David Richards , the holiday season is about joy , good cheer and smashing a Guinness World Record . The lawyer and his family strung more than a half a million bulbs around their house in the Australian capital city of Canberra to reclaim the title for lights on a residential property . In case you 're wondering , that 's 31 miles of lights . Richards has been the champ before . He set the world record in 2011 with 331,038 lights , but decided not to do it again because the display took months of effort . In 2012 , the Gay family in Lagrangeville , New York , snatched away the title with a display of 346,283 lights . Richard rose to the challenge . He not only wanted to take back the record , he wanted to "  smash it " so it would stand for a long time . This time , the number was 502,165 bulbs . Guinness did n't count each and every bulb . The record was authenticated with sales receipts and by counting LED bulbs spaced among the half million lights , Richards said . The family takes donations from thousands of people who jam the neighborhood to view the lights . Two years ago , they raised $ 78,000 for SIDS  Sudden Infant Death Syndrome  and Kids ACT . Lightbulb babies and fairytale castles : Your Christmas traditions That money helped hire two new counselors for families who have lost a child to SIDS . Richards hopes to earn $ 100,000 this year . "  That 's our motivation , " he said . Richards and his wife , Janean , lost a child to SIDS a decade ago , he said . They have three children , ages 13 to 6 . Richards started the project in October and puts in hours before and after work and on weekends . "  I got the last bulb up last night just before Guinness arrived , " he said Monday . The most Christmassy places on the planet "  MOST CHRISTMAS LIGHTS ON A HOUSE - OVER HALF A MILLION ! " blared the headline on the Guinness website after it verified the feat . The Richards ' house is the former Japanese embassy and has a wide driveway circling in front , he said . Richards built a canopy over the driveway and overlaid it with the lights . "  It 's like walking through a tunnel of lights with synchronized music , " he said . The family 's monthly electric bill is expected to swell by $ 2,500 , with the local electric company handling the cost by using renewable energy . Richards would n't say how much he 's spent on lights , just that it 's less than the event brings in for charity . "  Even my wife does n't know , " he said , "  and if you ask her she 'll say she does n't want to know . " 8 of the world 's wintriest scenes and how to find them	David Richards strung more than 500,000 lights over his house . He hopes to raise $ 100,000 for local charities . Richards set the record in 2011 , lost it to a New York family in 2012 , and reclaimed it Sunday . "  It 's like walking through a tunnel of lights with synchronized music . "
CNN  -- Newly-promoted St Pauli moved up to sixth in the German Bundesliga table after a surprise 1-0 victory away at high-flying Hannover 96 . Marius Ebbers scored what proved to be the only goal of the game with a header from Bastian Oczipka 's cross after six minutes . Hanover dominated the remainder of the match , but could not break down the compact St Pauli defense . And the home side 's frustration boiled over 10 minutes from time when Karim Haggui was sent off for a professional foul on Mathias Lehman . ` Carnival Club ' on verge of history A victory for Hannover would have taken them above Borussia Dortmund into second in the table . Hamburg-based St Pauli are competing in the Bundesliga for the first time since 2002 , when they were relegated after only winning four games all season . League leaders Mainz 05 are looking for a seventh win of the season in a top-of-the-table clash at home against fourth-placed Hoffenheim on Saturday . Defending champions Bayern Munich travel to Dortmund on Sunday .	St Pauli beat Hannover 96 1-0 to go sixth in the German Bundesliga table Marius Ebbers heads the only goal of the game after six minutes Hannover 's Karim Haggui is sent off for a professional foul on Mathias Lehman .
CNN  -- Even during the harshest periods of the communist era , being Shanghainese had a special cachet in China . The city and its residents were a synonym for Western fashion and open-minded attitudes , as different as could be from their Mao-pin wearing comrades . Its personality remains just as strong today . Shanghai is an unusual place . It 's Chinese , but not entirely ; its hybrid of Eastern and Western business and social traditions is found nowhere else in mainland China . Here are the things that make China 's booming commercial hub a unique place in the world 's most populous country . The Bund A number of pockets in China have impressive Western buildings -- the German Quarter in Qingdao , Russian buildings in Harbin -- but none provide the surreal feeling of "  elsewhereness " like the Bund . The Bund refers to Shanghai 's waterfront on the west bank of Huangpu River . Two dozen colossal Western structures , ranging in style from art deco to Victorian Gothic , stand side by side , forming a massive marble curtain . View it from afar and you 'd think you were sailing into Liverpool . The 1,500-meter-long strip is a legacy passed down by one of the city 's former rulers , Great Britain . It was largely built in the late-19th and early-20th centuries to establish Shanghai as the British Empire 's trading hub of the Far East . The most magnificent building is today 's number 10-12 , the former HSBC building . When completed in 1923 , the seven-story neoclassical landmark was dubbed "  the most luxurious building from the Suez Canal to the Bering Strait . " The building 's original ceiling mural managed to survive the Cultural Revolution ; the octagonal mosaic painting is one of the best-kept secrets in Shanghai . It 's now in the lobby of Shanghai Pudong Development Bank , the building 's current occupier . With the financial center 's move to the east bank of Huangpu River , the old Bund has become a new home for world-class hotels , restaurants and retailers . Skyscrapers According to Emporis , a global real estate data provider based in Germany , Shanghai ranks sixth among world cities with the most skyscrapers . There are 241 skyscrapers in Shanghai , eight fewer than Dubai , 14 more than in Seoul and 103 more than the second mainland city on the list , Guangzhou . Although towering blocks mushroom throughout the metropolis , the skyscraper center point is the Lujiazui Financial District . On the opposite side of the traditional Bund , Lujiazui appears so futuristic that it 's become a Hollywood favorite as a setting for films , most recently featured in "  Her " with Joaquin Phoenix . Lujiazui is home to the most recognized high-rises in China , including the 468-meter Oriental Pearl TV Tower , the 421-meter Jinmao Tower and the 492-meter Shanghai World Financial Center . Since 1994 , each of them has had a turn as the tallest structure in China . Next in line is the 632-meter Shanghai Tower . Scheduled to open in 2015 , the 121-story building is set to host what it claims will be world 's tallest luxury hotel , J hotel . The 258-room hotel -- a joint venture between Shanghai Jinjiang Hotel Group and Interstate Hotels and Resorts -- will occupy the 84th through 110th floors of the Shanghai Tower . International events and entertainment When international events set up in China , Shanghai is as often as not the default host city . Large-scale events in Beijing tend to carry political messages , while those in Shanghai focus more on fun and glamor . The Chinese Formula One Grand Prix is one of the biggest annual events in Shanghai . It 's the only Formula One stop in mainland China . The Shanghai Masters  October 4-12  tennis championship is attended by the highest-ranking players of the year . The week-long event is part of the ATP World Tour Masters 1000 . Shanghai is also building a Disneyland . Set to open toward the end of 2015 , Shanghai Disneyland will be the first Disney theme park in mainland China  Hong Kong Disneyland opened in 2005  and the sixth in the world . The $ 5.5-billion investment will further promote Mickey Mouse and Donald Duck in the realm of the Monkey King . International food High-quality international restaurants are springing up in Shanghai so quickly that it 's hard to keep track of them all . New kitchens often set up on the Bund , around Xintiandi and in the former French Concession , as rivals to the established fine-dining scene in Beijing . But look beyond the glitzy restaurant menus and into the homes of private residents , and you 'll see a tradition of international cuisine found nowhere else in China . The city 's British rulers and Russian refugees may be long gone , but their food has remained . Worcestershire sauce , that classic condiment from the United Kingdom , has a brother some 9,000 kilometers from home . Known locally as "  spicy soy sauce , " Shanghainese Worcestershire sauce was first produced in 1930 to cater to the large expat market . Nowadays , the yellow-labeled bottle is ubiquitous in supermarkets . Shanghainese usually use it to accompany deep-fried pork chops . When Russians fleeing the October Revolution of 1917 came to Shanghai , they brought their borscht . The hearty beef and vegetable soup has evolved into Shanghai 's favorite comfort food . Local mothers usually cook it to treat friends and families . Pidgin English Colonial history has trickled down to Shanghai 's local lingo . Shanghai dialect is filed with localized English words and pidgin English cultural identifiers unique to Shanghainese . A spring lock is called "  si ba lin . " Cement is "  si men ting . " In Shanghainese , "  on sale " can refer to a "  cheap " person . Shanghai dialect is incomprehensible to a typical Mandarin speaker , whose language is largely based on pronunciation and vocabulary from northern China . Shikumen Shikumen is Shanghai 's indigenous alleyway housing . Series of stone buildings were built in the 1870s as a way to accommodate the city 's rapidly growing immigrant families . When the Communist Party took over in 1949 , shikumen architecture was at its height -- there were around 200,000 shikumen buildings throughout central Shanghai , each divided into tenements to house five or even ten families . As modern high-rises in Shanghai have grabbed international attention , however , these local architectural treasures have been ignored or even shoved aside . Since the 1990s , shikumen buildings have been getting pulled down more quickly than the skyscrapers rise . But you can still find them in a few corners . In Xintiandi , high-end restaurants , pubs and clubs have taken over the revamped old buildings . Tianzifang is a more Bohemian area . In its labyrinth of alleyways , indie designers hang up cocktail dresses next to self-employed vendors selling replica communist souvenirs in the courtyard . For more authentic shikumen neighborhoods , CitÃ © Bourgogne on Shaanxi Nan Lu , and Jing ` an Villa on Nanjing Xi Lu , are throwbacks to a uniquely Shanghai experience that 's rapidly disappearing . Now based in London , Tracy You is a native and longtime resident of Shanghai and a former CNN travel producer .	Shanghai has long been a unique city in China Hybrid of Eastern , Western traditions is found nowhere else in mainland China Shanghai ranks sixth among world cities with the most skyscrapers , with 241 Shanghainese dialect is filled with localized English words
CNN  -- When the time came to grab that killer Fourth of July fireworks photo , Cat Connor was ready . "  It 's taken me years to get a good shot , " the California native explained . "  I very much planned for it . I studied up on how to shoot fireworks , read photographer blogs and got to know my equipment . " Connor 's dedication paid off . In 2011 , she captured a frame-worthy shot of several colorful fireworks exploding above California 's Eastern Sierra , their glow reflecting off of the lake below . The result is stunning ; a fitting memory of a lovely day that perfectly encapsulates all that is great about the holiday celebration . The Fourth of July honors America 's Independence Day , when the nation declared independence from Great Britain in 1776 . A national holiday , it 's often marked with glorious parades , barbecues , parties and , of course , fireworks . As part of CNN 's series celebrating the biggest , boldest and most spectacular celebrations across the world , we asked people to send in their best Fourth of July images , and to give tips on how to capture the perfect fireworks photo . Here are some handy hints . Use a tripod One thing is for sure with fireworks pictures -- you do n't want them blurry . So use a tripod to keep everything steady , photographers say . "  I love taking -LSB- pictures of -RSB- fireworks -LSB- but -RSB- it 's quite tricky , " said California-based photographer Biju Chandroth , who snapped a great shot at a Fourth of July fireworks display in Mammoth Lakes , California , in 2011 . "  One absolutely needs a tripod , since you will have to use a slow shutter to get the trails . " His sentiment is echoed by professional photographer Edmund Lowe , who has fond memories of spectacular fireworks competitions between families in his neighborhood in Washington state . He also has some great tips for those wanting that iconic Fourth of July shot . "  The main requirement is a tripod , I use a sandbag or some other heavy object to make sure there is no tripod shake , " he said . " -LSB- Also -RSB- , long exposures -- up to 10 seconds -- are required . I generally use an f-stop of f/11 to f/16 and a shutter speed of two to 10 seconds . The longer exposures will also give you time for multiple reports to be visible . " Capture that key moment Dan Anderson of Minnesota knew what he wanted for his Independence Day shot last year -- and he was n't going to let anything , not even pesky mosquitoes , get in the way . His great photo captures the moment his nephew launched a bottle rocket across one of Minnesota 's many lakes , Lake Koronis . "  We did it in one take and then ran away because the mosquitoes were eating us alive , " he remembered with a laugh . In a similar vein , Tyler Knott from Helena , Montana , captured a memorable photo on July 4 , 2009 , of his sister , her now-husband and four of her college friends drawing "  July 4 " using sparklers , with help from a tripod and remote trigger release . He says despite the challenges -- each sparkler-holder had to draw a character backwards -- they nailed the photo on the first try . The end result was worth the careful planning . "  I think a lot of people thought it was Photoshopped , " he said . Take a bunch . Then take some more It does n't always take a professional camera to get a great shot , but it does require patience . Marie Sager photographed a spectacular fireworks display in 2010 in Studio City , California , on the CBS studio lot . She used a Panasonic Lumix which , to her surprise , had a "  fireworks " setting . Her advice for those keen to capture great shots is simple : "  With fireworks , you never know what to expect , so keep on clicking ! " she said . "  Everything I photograph is usually straight from the hip , not planned . And I end up usually surprised myself . " Her advice was echoed by Tracy Bond from Huntsville , Alabama , who captured her own stunning images from a celebration in nearby Madison . "  I usually shoot until a get one I like , " she shared . "  Experiment with different settings and see what you get . " Enjoy yourself ! "  A day off from work for many , picnics , maybe some time at the pool or lake , and of course , at the end of the day , sonic booms followed by shimmering , multi-colored fire bringing ` oohs ' and ` aahs ' from young and old . What 's not to like ? " Bond asked . The point is -- make it fun . Too much time worrying about your shot means you wo n't get the chance to enjoy the celebration . So make sure you , well , celebrate . You could do worse than take a leaf from Scott Murphy 's book . The San Diego resident took some stunning shots over the city bay in 2011 . He said the beautiful display reminded him of how glorious his city -- and country -- were . "  It 's one of the few times in the year when everybody stops , looks up , and appreciates how beautiful San Diego , is with fireworks going off over the bay , " he says . It 's something worth remembering as your crane your neck Thursday evening to check out those glorious displays . Got some great Fourth of July fireworks photos , or planning to take some ? We want to see them ! Send us your best pictures and they could be on CNN !	U.S. 's Independence Day is the perfect celebration for parties , barbecues -- and of course , fireworks . iReporters provided top tips for getting those fantastic fireworks shots Some "  study up " , others get to know their kit , or just know what shot they want But above all , the most important thing is to enjoy the celebration !
CNN  -- Felipa Fabon waits outside a local fried chicken restaurant in Manila . Crouching near to feral cats and rubbish bins , she is n't there to meet friends for dinner but to search through the diner 's trash bags . "  I 'm sorting the garbage , looking for ` pagpag ' , " she says . In Tagalog "  pagpag " means the dust you shake off your clothing or carpet , but in Fabon 's poverty - stricken world , it means chicken pulled from the trash . Pagpag is the product of a hidden food system for the urban poor that exists on the leftovers of the city 's middle class . Fabon is the merchant and pays the trash dealer just over a dollar for tonight 's supply of garbage and scraps . In the dim haze of the street lights , she holds up a half-eaten chicken breast . "  This one , this is meat , " she says . "  Now what we do at home is clean it , put it in plastic , and then I sell it in the morning . It 's very easy to sell because it 's very cheap . People in my neighborhood want very cheap food . " "  If it 's mostly bones , it 's 20 pesos  $ 0.50  per bag , " she says . After bagging up the chicken scraps she heads home to Tondo , a neighborhood infamous in the Philippines as one of the poorest slums in Manila . At dawn , about six hours after Fabon first got her trash delivery , she begins to divide up the pagpag . Fabon sniffs the chicken , which she says has a bad , sour smell . She 's disappointed that she only has five bags to sell this morning that will sell out in just minutes . "  Pagpag ! " Fabon calls out , as she walks through the slums carrying her small cart . Morena Sumanda , a 27-year-old mother of two , is the first customer . Sumanda lives in a shanty that sits on top of one of Manila 's biggest garbage dumps . She does n't have the 20 pesos to pay Fabon until her husband comes home that evening . For him , 20 pesos is full day 's pay , says Sumanda . Sumanda 's toddler son , Nino , wails as she first washes the chicken , heats the pot and adds vegetables to the pagpag , which is mostly bones . "  Sometimes it comes from the garbage , " she says , as she hands a small , half-eaten chicken wing to her son . Sumanda , and others like her , have no other choice but to eat pagpag , says Melissa Alipalo , a social development specialist and a volunteer at the Philippine Community Fund  PCF  . "  It is a private humiliation of the poor to have to eat off someone else 's plate . But it 's a survival mechanism for the poorest of the poor , " she says . The NGO is based in Manila and has built an elementary school in the heart of the Tondo slums . PCF 's school educates 450 of the most poverty-stricken children in Tondo , with the aim of freeing families from poverty . The school survives on donations and provides students with two meals a day . Maria Theresa Sarmiento , PCF 's manager of health and nutrition , says that when the school first opened she was treating children with a range of illness and disease . "  Even though they cook the food , the disease is still there , " she says . Sarmiento says that parents know pagpag is not a good source of food for their children , but that they do n't have any choice . "  They 're being pushed to do that thing because they do n't have enough money to buy the food that they should prepare , " she says . For Sumanda this is all that she can afford and it 's better than nothing . "  By the mercy of God , this is enough , " she says .	Many in Manila 's slums survive on chicken scraps from trash bags Called ` pagpag ' it is part of a hidden food system for urban poor Salvaged chicken is washed and resold by pagpag merchants
CNN  -- A freight train went off the rails outside Casselton , North Dakota , in the last week of December , spilling a load of crude oil and creating an impressive explosion that prompted officials to evacuate the small town . No one was hurt , but cell phone videos of the fireball were given wide exposure in the media . Here was "  an airborne toxic event , " a phrase Don DeLillo famously used in his novel "  White Noise , " a theatrical catastrophe born of the most quintessential American screw-up : a railroad crash . In addition to its use as shorthand for a failed government initiative or a friend who really ought to quit drinking , train wrecks occupy a contradictory place in the American cultural memory . They are as much celebrated as they are feared , and frequently memorialized in art and song . One of the most celebrated martyrs in American history , for example -- Casey Jones -- lost his life while trying to limit casualties in a 1900 smash-up on the Illinois Central . But beneath the morbid romanticism lies a historical home truth about train wrecks -- it took a little while before the most spectacular and shocking of them resulted in enough popular outrage to spur by real legislative action to make the rails safer . And so today an incident such as Casselton draws attention , with the help of dramatic TV images , to the enormous amount of oil being shipped on American rails and the inadequacy of current tank-car designs . It was different before mass media , and not every crash was galvanizing . Wrecks were all too common on early American rails , mainly because the tracks were constructed so badly . The merchant barons of Baltimore and Philadelphia were in a rush to get their lines over the Appalachians and into the fertile grain country of the Middle West during the 1830s . Crews grew accustomed to laying warped wooden ties and low-quality iron , and breakneck curves were common in the mountains . Signaling was also primitive , which meant that collisions -- euphemistically called "  cornfield meets " -- were another cost of doing business . Perhaps because they involved an exciting new technology -- the railroad was the first true "  machine " of the steam era to see widespread use -- or perhaps because the crashes were so messy and difficult to clean up  a combination of jacks , ramps and pulleys were often necessary to rerail cars  , train wrecks came to assume a mythic stature and even a nobility that a later generation of car and plane mishaps would never touch . When engineer Casey Jones hit the brakes on his speeding Illinois Central locomotive instead of jumping in 1900 , he died in the crash but became the subject of an enormously popular ballad and an oral legend that he died with the throttle puncturing his heart and a halo of spilled corn around his head . Songs such as "  The Wreck of the Old 97 " and "  Wreck of the Royal Palm " became beloved standards . There were no stirring ballads to be drawn out of a horrendous train caught fire in Angola , New York , in 1867 that burned 49 people to death . The result was that carriages would no longer be made of wood and track gauges were standardized throughout the country , a turning point for cars and rails . And in New York City 's Park Avenue was torn up and Grand Central Depot was completely rebuilt after a wreck in the tunnels killed 15 people in 1902 . The Long Island Rail Road installed automatic speed control on its system after a crash near Richmond Hill , in Queens , in 1950 killed 78 commuters and triggered the threat of a boycott by frightened Long Island riders . And Southern California 's Metrolink began an accelerated program to install a GPS-based safety system called positive train control after a 2008 wreck in which the driver blew through a stop signal because he was texting on his phone . Likewise , the deadly crash of a Metro North train north of New York City in December has raised the urgency of a 2015 federal deadline for railroads to install positive train control . Wrecks have so fascinated and horrified the public since the early days of train travel that perhaps it is no surprise that America 's first corporate public relations department was created by the Pennsylvania Railroad after one of its trains plunged into a creek near Atlantic City in 1906 , killing 53 passengers . Last week 's derailment in North Dakota has already raised questions about just how much oil is now being shipped by rail in America . The answer : a lot . Almost all of North Dakota 's considerable production of oil is shipped by rail , and train cars carrying petroleum went from about 10,000 in 2009 to an estimated 400,000 by the end of this year . This signals a revival of a hauling practice not widely used since the 1860s , and has spurred calls to toughen federal design standards for the DOT-111 type of tank car that is most often used to transport oil . Unlike other transforming rail crashes in American history , nobody died or was even hurt in the Casselton incident . It would be a major step forward -- perhaps even worthy of myth -- if this bloodless wreck on the prairie is what it took to bring us better oil cars on American tracks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Zoellner .	Tom Zoellner : Oil freighter went off rails in North Dakota ; fireball made arresting media image Americans have a perverse , folkloric fascination with wrecks in song and story He says deaths and media coverage have helped make wrecks spur reform Zoellner : Let 's hope North Dakota crash spurs higher safety in rail transport of oil
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Two U.S. military Humvees are missing after suspected Taliban militants attacked a transport convoy carrying equipment destined for U.S. troops in Afghanistan , U.S. military and local officials said Tuesday . U.S. military officials in Afghanistan did not have much detail about Monday 's attack in northwestern Pakistan , but said the supply convoy was carrying at least two Humvees and numerous water tank trailers . As many as 70 armed militants attacked two convoys within 30 minutes at the Khyber Pass , a mountain pass that links Pakistan and Afghanistan , local officials said . The pass is located in Khyber , one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border . U.S. military spokesman Maj. John Redfield said he did not know how many transport trucks were stolen , but some reports said militants took as many as 13 . U.S. military officials are working with Pakistani officials to track down the missing trucks . Local officials said it 's believed tribal leaders in the region will hold talks with the militants to try to secure the return of the trucks and their supplies . Khyber Agency officials said some of the trucks seized in one of the attacks were carrying wheat to Afghanistan as part of a United Nations World Food Programme convoy , and one truck contained Humvees destined for the U.S.-led coalition in Afghanistan . Redfield said the convoy had more than 13 transport trucks in it . The Humvees were being carried on a flatbed truck and the water tanks were in container trucks , he explained . No U.S. troops were accompanying the convoy , Redfield said . It was operated by a commercial contract company and was being guarded by Pakistani Frontier Corps troops when the attack occurred Monday , he said . Authorities dispatched two helicopter gunships , which fired on the raiding militants killing one person and wounding another , but could not foil the hijacking , local officials said . The ground route through Khyber Pass is one of many used by U.S.-hired contractors to ferry equipment into the Afghanistan war zone from Pakistan . Over the past year , these ground routes have come under numerous attacks by Taliban and al Qaeda militants , officials said . One raid earlier this year resulted in the hijacking of a truck carrying a U.S. Army helicopter engine . The Pakistani central government has little control in the area , and it is believed to be a haven for militants . The United States uses Pakistan as a supply route because of its major sea port in Karachi . Afghanistan is a land-locked country and the fighting there makes it more difficult to fly in supplies . A suicide bomber struck outside a stadium in northwest Pakistan on Tuesday evening , killing three people and wounding 11 others , the provincial information minister , Mian Iftikhar Hussain , said . The blast occurred outside Qayyum Stadium 's front gate , where a closing ceremony for the Inter-Provincial Games was being held , police said . The ceremony for the sports tournament was just ending when the blast went off , North West Frontier Province police Inspector General Malik Naveed said . Most people had already left the stadium at the time of the attack , he said . In addition to the three dead , the bomber was also killed , police said . Qayyum Stadium is in the heart of Peshawar , the capital of the North West Frontier Province on the country 's border with Afghanistan . The region is rife with Islamic extremists . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report	Convoy carrying military supplies , humanitarian aid attacked in Pakistan Two U.S. military Humvees missing after the suspected Taliban attack Local tribal leaders to hold talks with militants to try to secure return of supplies Three killed , 11 wounded in blast outside a stadium holding sports event
CNN Student News  -- April 23 , 2014 This Wednesday , we cover subjects related to civics , science and animal behavior . Our first two reports center on Supreme Court cases , and our third examines the challenges still facing search crews more than a month after a massive landslide in Washington state . We also explore the lingering effects of a 2010 oil spill and show you how some people are recovering from that . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What might be some challenges associated with reporting on a Supreme Court decision ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . affirmative action 2 . copyright 3 . Gulf oil spill Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What decision did Michigan 's voters make in 2006 regarding affirmative action in their state 's public colleges ? What decision did a lower court make regarding that vote ? How did the U.S. Supreme Court rule on the lower court 's decision ? 2 . What is Aereo ? What arguments did the Supreme Court hear yesterday regarding Aereo ? What do television broadcasters say about Aereo ? How does Aereo respond to this argument ? What is the debate around "  public " versus "  private " performance ? 3 . What natural disaster struck Oso , Washington , one month ago ? What does the area look like today ? What challenges exist for search crews ? What progress has been made ? How have crews been able to make progress ? What has become the site of a memorial as well as a source of strength for the recovery effort ? 4 . What happened in the Gulf of Mexico on April 20 , 2010 ? Which oil company was found to be partly responsible for the spill ? How did it compensate some of those affected by the spill ? How did the spill impact beaches near Orange Beach , Alabama ? What evidence suggests that it continues to impact the environment there ? What are some of the different opinions about the oil company 's efforts to clean up the beaches ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is your opinion of affirmative action policies ? Do you think that race , gender and national origin should be factored into college admissions ? Why or why not ? In your opinion , who or what should determine whether these factors should be used to admit students to public colleges ? Why ? 2 . How do you think that the Gulf oil spill affected some lives and businesses in the region ? Why do you think that some people chose to keep their businesses ? Why might that not have been an option for others ? What challenges might business owners face in recovering from any disaster ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
Hong Kong  CNN  -- At least 2,800 dead pigs have been fished from a Shanghai river since Friday , but authorities insist that tap water in the city is still safe to drink . State news agency Xinhua said labels tagged to the pigs ' ears indicated they came from the upper waters of the Huangpu River , which flows through the center of Shanghai and is a source of the city 's drinking water . It 's not clear why the pigs had been dumped in the river , though local media reported earlier this month that a disease had killed thousands of pigs in a village south of Shanghai . "  We will continue to trace the source , investigate the cause , co-operate with neighboring areas and take measures to stop the dumping of pigs into rivers , " the Shanghai Municipal Agricultural Commission said in a statement posted on their website on Monday . As of Sunday , water quality on the Songjiang section of the river , where most of the pigs were found , remained normal and the incident has had "  no significant effect on tap water supply , " the commission added . However , local residents and users of of the popular Twitter-like microblog service Sina Weibo have expressed concern that the dead pigs would make the city 's tap water unsafe to drink . "  Huangpu river is the source of drinking water for more than 20 million Shanghai residents . And this horrific incident was only made public when residents started posting pictures on Weibo , " business investor Xue Manzi said in a post on his account . The agricultural commission said it had tested organ samples from the pig carcasses and the results suggested the animals had contracted a type of porcine circovirus . According to Professor Fred Leung , who specialises in animal diseases at Hong Kong University , this is a fairly common disease in pigs and not usually fatal on its own . Pictures showed sanitation workers with sticks retrieving the bloated bodies of small pigs caught up in reeds and debris at the side of the river . A local newspaper in Jiaxing , a city in Zhejiang province south of Shanghai , reported on March 6 that tens of thousands of pigs had died of an animal disease in a major pig farming village in the past two months . "  According to our records , 10,078 pigs died in January , another 8,325 died in February . More than 300 pigs die everyday in our village , and we barely have any space left to dispose of the dead pigs , " a local villager was quoted by the paper as saying . Chen Yi , a veterinarian at the Shanghai Academy of Agricultural Sciences , told the Global Times newspapers that farmers are required by law to dispose of dead animals at community disposal sites or bury them with disinfectant . CNN 's Zhang Dayu reported from Beijing	NEW : Pig carcasses test positive for porcine circovirus More than 2,800 dead pigs found floating in Shanghai river Authorities say local tap water still safe to drink but residents worried Reports suggests that more than 10,000 pigs died in a neighboring province earlier this year
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday morning will receive a classified document that seeks to justify the administration 's policy of targeting Americans overseas via drone attacks , chairwoman Dianne Feinstein said late Wednesday . "  I am pleased that the president has agreed to provide the Intelligence Committee with access to the OLC  Office of Legal Counsel  opinion regarding the use of lethal force in counterterrorism operations , " the California Democrat said in a statement . "  It is critical for the committee 's oversight function to fully understand the legal basis for all intelligence and counterterrorism operations . " The announcement came shortly after an administration official said that President Barack Obama had yielded to demands that he turn over to Congress the classified Justice Department legal advice that seeks to justify the policy . The developments came the night before confirmation hearings are to be held for Obama 's CIA director nominee , John Brennan , and amid complaints from senators , including several Democrats , about secrecy surrounding the drone policy . "  Today , as part of the president 's ongoing commitment to consult with Congress on national security matters , the president directed the Department of Justice to provide the congressional Intelligence committees access to classified Office of Legal Counsel advice related to the subject of the Department of Justice White Paper , " an administration official said . The 16-page white paper -- titled "  Lawfulness of a Lethal Operation Directed Against a U.S. Citizen who is a Senior Operational Leader of Al Qaida or an Associated Force " -- is a policy paper rather than an official legal document . Memo backs U.S. using lethal force against Americans overseas The president , the official said , was turning over the information because he believes the scrutiny and debate is healthy . Opinion : Bring drones out of the shadows In a 2012 speech at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington , Brennan asserted that the drone strikes are legal both under the Authorization for Use of Military Force resolution passed by Congress after the September 11 attacks and because , "  There is nothing in international law that bans the use of remotely piloted aircraft for this purpose or that prohibits us from using lethal force against our enemies outside of an active battlefield , at least when the country involved consents or is unable or unwilling to take action against the threat . " This does not appear to be the view of Ben Emmerson , United Nations special rapporteur on counterterrorism and human rights , who announced plans in October to investigate U.S. drone attacks and the extent to which they cause civilian casualties . The drone campaign against al Qaeda and its allies has been one of Brennan 's biggest legacies in the four years he was the president 's principal adviser on terrorism . According to a count by the public policy group New America Foundation , at least 28 of al Qaeda 's leading members have been killed in drone strikes , including the U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki , who played an operational role in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Human rights groups in the United States are particularly aggrieved by the targeted killing of al-Awlaki , who was killed by a drone . His teenage son died in a separate strike . On Wednesday , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee said the attack that killed al-Awlaki was justified . "  This is somebody who had said that he did n't want his U.S. citizenship anymore , Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , told MNBC 's "  Andrea Mitchell Reports . " "  He had officially joined al Qaeda , " Rogers said . "  Al Qaeda had declared war on the United States . " Rogers continued , "  The legal basis of this goes back many , many years when U.S. citizens would go and fight for foreign nations that were engaging in combat with the United States . So what they were saying is , once you 've made that choice , you no longer get the protections that you would . I mean , if you join the enemy overseas , you join the enemy overseas . And we 're going to fight the enemy overseas . " In his speech at the Wilson Center , Brennan said that drone strikes are "  ethical " because of "  the unprecedented ability of remotely piloted aircraft to precisely target a military objective while minimizing collateral damage ; one could argue that never before has there been a weapon that allows us to distinguish more effectively between an al Qaeda terrorist and innocent civilians . " And Obama himself defended it in an appearance last October on "  The Daily Show . " "  There are times where there are bad folks somewhere on the other side of the world , and you 've got to make a call and it 's not optimal , " he said . "  And sometimes you 've got to make some tough calls . But you can do so in a way that 's consistent with international law and with American law . "	NEW : Senate committee will get classified document Thursday Drone program has been shrouded in secrecy , which has been criticized by senators Confirmation hearings being held for CIA director nominee John Brennan
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Clothing retailer Gap Inc. has fired an Indian company accused of using child labor to make clothes , the company 's president said . Dan McDougall of the Observer said these were among the children working in an Indian factory , making clothing . "  It 's deeply , deeply disturbing to all of us , " Gap President Marka Hansen said Sunday after watching a video of children at work in a New Delhi , India , sweatshop . "  I feel violated and I feel very upset and angry with our vendor and the subcontractor who made this very , very , very unwise decision , " Hansen said . Hansen blamed the alleged abuse on an unauthorized subcontractor for one of its Indian vendors and said the subcontractor 's relationship with the Gap had been "  terminated . " She said the garments allegedly produced by the children represented a small portion of a single order placed with the vendor and that the clothes would not be sold in stores . "  We strictly prohibit the use of child labor , " Hansen said in a statement . "  Gap has a history of addressing challenges like this head-on , and our approach to this situation will be no exception . "  In 2006 , Gap Inc. ceased business with 23 factories due to code violations . We have 90 people located around the world whose job is to ensure compliance with our Code of Vendor Conduct . " The report first appeared Sunday in Britain 's Observer newspaper . Watch how children worked as virtual slaves " The Observer spoke to children as young as 10 who said they were working 16 hours a day for no pay . The paper described the workplace as a "  derelict industrial unit " where the hallways were flowing with excrement from a flooded toilet . One 10-year-old boy told the paper he was sold to the company by his parents . " ' I was bought from my parents ' village in -LSB- the northern state of -RSB- Bihar and taken to New Delhi by train , " The Observer quoted the boy as saying . "  The men came looking for us in July . They had loudspeakers in the back of a car and told my parents that , if they sent me to work in the city , they wo n't have to work in the farms . My father was paid a fee for me , and I was brought down with 40 other children . " Another boy , 12 , said he worked from dawn until 1 a.m. and was so tired he felt sick , according to the paper . But if any of the children cried , he told The Observer , they would be hit with a rubber pipe or punished with an oily cloth stuffed in their mouths . The children were producing hand-stitched blouses for the Christmas market in the United States and Europe at Gap Kids stores , according to the newspaper . The blouses were to carry a price of about $ 40 , The Observer reported . The Gap faced criticism for similar practices in 2000 , when a BBC documentary uncovered young girls producing Gap products at a Cambodian factory . But since then , Hansen said , the company has developed comprehensive policies to prevent abuse and protect workers ' rights . Hansen said violations of those policies are now "  extremely rare . " She said she does not support closing any factories in India in response to the allegations because it would deprive those working in proper conditions of their income . The Gap also operates Banana Republic and Old Navy stores . It has 3,100 stores around the world . E-mail to a friend	Clothes giant fires contractor at center of child labor allegations Allegations include children as young as 10 working 16 hours a day for no pay Boy , 10 , tells British newspaper he was sold to a sweatshop by his parents Gap : Garments allegedly produced by the children will not be sold in stores
CNN  -- Gunmen killed two Egyptian military personnel and injured a third when security forces raided a militant hideout on Wednesday , the Interior Ministry said . Two army explosives experts , a general and a colonel , and five members of the Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis were killed in the shootout in Qalyubia province , north of Cairo , the ministry said in a statement posted on its website . Four other members of the group , one of Egypt 's most active militant organizations , were wounded , as was a special forces officer . Intelligence had indicated the group was using a wood manufacturing workshop as a base and to store weapons and ammunition , the Interior Ministry said . The clashes lasted several hours , the statement added . Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , which the United States has designated a terrorist group , has been blamed for attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula as well as on a security forces headquarters in the town of Mansoura last year . It claimed responsibility in January for four blasts that killed at least six people in and around Cairo . Islamist militants are expanding their insurgency in Egypt , where army chief Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi is expected to announce he will run for president . El-Sisi played a key role in the military overthrow of former President Mohamed Morsy last July . Militants based in the Sinai Peninsula near the Israeli border have stepped up attacks on soldiers and policemen since Morsy 's ouster , which came amid widespread protests against his rule . Morsy and other Muslim Brotherhood leaders were rounded up soon after . CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	Police , soldiers raid militant hideout north of Cairo Two army explosives experts and five militants killed in shootout , Interior Ministry says Islamist militants expanding their insurgency in Egypt Attacks on security forces have increased since Morsy ouster
CNN  -- The Beatles appeared on "  The Ed Sullivan Show " on February 9 , 1964 , 50 years ago next month . Here are five things you need to know to understand Beatlemania and the significance of that performance . 1 . Who was Ed Sullivan ? Edward Vincent Sullivan was not what you think of as a TV personality . He was a baggy-eyed , malaprop-mouthed , stiff-bodied former newspaper columnist who looked like Richard Nixon . A wall had more charisma . Could Beatlemania happen today ? But he was the perfect host . He said his introductions and got out of the way . His guests were the stars -- and he could book almost everybody , thanks to his deep contacts . You might compare his show to an hour of Web-surfing . It featured everybody from plate-spinners to comedians to theatrical performances to pop stars , all in one place . Animal acts , too . "  The Ed Sullivan Show , " originally called "  Toast of the Town , " went on the air in 1948 and lasted for 23 years . 2 . Were The Beatles really unknown in America ? Not completely . In Britain , they 'd had No. 1 singles for several months , starting with "  Please Please Me " in February 1963 , and by fall Beatlemania was in full swing .  The word "  Beatlemania " first gained wide currency in October after the band 's performance on a major UK TV show , "  Sunday Night at the London Palladium . " Sullivan first encountered the band by accident -- he was stuck at London 's Heathrow Airport when they returned from Sweden to thousands of fans on October 31 -- but the group was on the show 's radar before then , Sullivan staffer Vince Calandra says . The show put out a press release about The Beatles ' three-show booking in mid-December , and The New Yorker ran a small item in its December 28 , 1963 , issue . The Beatles had also appeared in several U.S. news reports . Did you get swept up in Beatlemania ? Share your memories here In December , the band 's U.S. label , Capitol Records , started a marketing blitz -- "  The Beatles Are Coming ! " -- and by January their songs were all over the radio . "  I Want to Hold Your Hand " hit No. 1 in the United States on February 1 , dethroning balladeer Bobby Vinton 's "  There ! I 've Said It Again . " But for all that , The Beatles had n't performed in America . With the Sullivan show , they had one of the biggest stages in the country . 3 . Who was there ? CBS received 50,000 requests for the 728 seats in New York 's CBS Studio 50 , since renamed the Ed Sullivan Theater and now home to "  The Late Show with David Letterman . " Among the celebrities who attended either the live show or the dress rehearsal : Kathy and Nancy Cronkite  Walter 's daughters  Randy Paar  talk-show host Jack 's daughter  and Julie and Tricia Nixon  Richard 's daughters , invited by Randy Paar  . Also there : future Monkee Davy Jones , who performed with the cast of "  Oliver ! " 4 . Wait . It was n't just The Beatles ? No . The band played two sets , opening the show with "  All My Loving , " "  Till There Was You " and "  She Loves You " and returning with "  I Saw Her Standing There " and "  I Want to Hold Your Hand . " In between , acts included magician Fred Kaps , impressionist  and future "  Batman " Riddler  Frank Gorshin , comedians Charlie Brill & Mitzi McCall , Welsh singer Tessie O'Shea , Broadway star Georgia Brown and the "  Oliver ! " cast , and acrobats Wells & the Four Fays . 5 . What happened after the show ? Though the audience loved them and millions of new fans were created that night , some reviewers were less enthusiastic . "  The cynical turnover in teen-age trauma received recognition last night in the businesslike appearance of The Beatles on the ` Ed Sullivan Show , ' " wrote the unimpressed New York Times TV critic Jack Gould . The ratings , however , were spectactular : 45.3 % of U.S. TV households tuned in , representing 73 million people -- a record for an entertainment program up to that time . From New York , The Beatles took a train to the nation 's capital , where they played at the Washington Coliseum on February 11 , then returned to New York for two Carnegie Hall concerts on February 12 . Then it was off to Florida for the group 's second Sullivan appearance -- a performance at Miami Beach 's Deauville Hotel on February 16 . The ratings for the second Sullivan show were almost as good as the first . On February 22 , The Beatles returned to Britain , where they were greeted by 10,000 fans at Heathrow Airport . The third Sullivan appearance , taped before the February 9 show , aired the next day .	50th anniversary of Beatles on "  Ed Sullivan Show " is February 9 Sullivan was major TV figure of the time , hosted famed variety show Among those at broadcast : future Monkee Davy Jones Beatles were on Sullivan three straight weeks
CNN  -- United States President Barack Obama has now paved the way for imposing economic sanctions against Russia . However , these would be an ineffective and naive response by the U.S. to the crisis in Ukraine . Economic sanctions have little independent usefulness for the pursuit of non-economic goals . This is not to say that sanctions never work , but rather that 95 % of cases are unsuccessful . In many cases , sanctions will make the political situation worse . Nationalism often makes states and societies willing to endure considerable punishment rather than abandon their national interests . Modern states , simply put , are not that fragile -- sanctions can hurt a regime , but they can not break it . In this way , imposing economic sanctions on a state is similar to backing an angry dog into a corner -- in most cases , the dog will become more vicious , and more defensive . History might seem to indicate otherwise . Economic sanctions often go hand-in-hand with military intervention , which can sprout misleading conclusions . This is true of the sanctions we imposed on Iraq in 1990 , when Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait : U.S. military intervention in 1991 was still necessary to force his retreat . Few would say that economic sanctions were successful in kicking him out . Indeed , sanctions continued after the Gulf War with little to no effect , until we finally removed the regime by force in 2003 . Further , sanctions typically take the form of a great power or coalition seeking to leverage a relatively weak state . The suggestion that they might be effective against a major global power like Russia is seriously flawed . Even those who do believe sanctions might work on Iran would likely find the idea of imposing sanctions on Russia to be preposterous . There are two reasons why . First , even if economic sanctions were an effective form of leverage , Russia can squeeze us almost effectively as we can squeeze them . Sergei Glazyev , a Kremlin economist , simply threatened to not repay debt to U.S. bankers in response to American-imposed sanctions . Between great powers , leverage is a two-way street . Second , Putin is clearly prepared to incur economic costs to accomplish his objectives in Ukraine . Even without sanctions , the deployment of troops to Crimea has already affected the Russian economy . On March 3 the Moscow stock market fell more than 10 % which , as a Reuters article pointed out , wiped nearly $ 60 billion off the value of Russian companies -- more than the $ 51 billion spent on the Winter Olympics in Sochi . Meanwhile , Putin 's approval ratings remained high . By threatening sanctions , Obama is not giving Russia President Vladimir Putin enough credit . Of course the Russian leader has considered this scenario , and it did not deter him from occupying Crimea . Furthermore , if we impose sanctions and Russia breaks commitments with U.S. bankers in response , what would be the effect ? From a strategic standpoint , none . We certainly would n't let Russia use economic threats to dictate our foreign policy , no matter what the economic cost ; why should we expect the Russian leadership to budge ? But if sanctions are a bad idea , what is the alternative ? The key to keeping Ukraine unified is to take away support for Russian annexation . This means solidifying support for the new government in Kiev among the Russian population in the East , especially in Crimea . Obama must encourage the new government in Ukraine to strengthen economic and political ties with the pro-Russian population . This means bringing in election monitors to encourage faith and participation in the new regime , and creating new economic programs to bolster well-being in the eastern part of the country . The U.S. should offer support to fund those efforts . The West must remember that in 2011 , 70 % of Crimeans considered Ukraine their "  motherland , " despite most of them being Russian-speaking . In other words , until the proposed EU deal went sour , there was little sentiment in Crimea for secession or annexation . A return to these conditions in Ukraine , and not economic sanctions against Russia , is the key to stopping Putin . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Pape .	Robert Pape argues economic sanctions against Russia would not work He argues that while sanctions can hurt a regime , they can not break it In many cases , sanctions will make the political situation worse , he says
Nine men were jailed in London Thursday on terror charges , four of them over "  an al Qaeda-inspired plot " to bomb the London Stock Exchange , UK police said . Abdul Malik Miah , Gurukanth Desai , Shah Mohammed Lutfar Rahman and Mohammed Moksudur Rahman Chowdhury had pleaded guilty last week to the London Stock Exchange plot , police said . Five others , Abdul Bosher Mohammed Shahjahan , Mohibur Rahman , Nazam Hussain , Omar Sharif Latif and Usman Khan , also admitted terror offenses , police said . All nine were sentenced at Woolwich Crown Court Thursday to terms ranging from five to nearly 17 years , with some given indeterminate sentences with at least eight years to serve . Deputy Assistant Commissioner Stuart Osborne , the senior national coordinator for counterterrorism , issued a statement saying : "  This was one of the most significant and complex counter terrorism operations of recent years . "  We had a network of highly dangerous men based in three cities who were working together to plan terrorist attacks in the UK . "  Had we not taken action to disrupt this network , their actions could have resulted in serious casualties or fatalities . " Miah , who had previous convictions , was sentenced to 16 years and 10 months in jail , while Desai was jailed for 12 years , and Latif for 10 years and four months . Shahjahan , Khan and Hussain were each handed an indeterminate sentence , with a minimum of eight years to serve . Mohibur Rahman was jailed for five years . Chowdhury was sentenced to 13 years and eight months , and Shah Rahman to 12 years . Osborne said a major covert operation had been put in place to monitor the suspects , who were based in London and Stoke-on-Trent in England and Cardiff in Wales . At the height of the operation , over the 2010 Christmas period , nearly 1,000 police officers and staff were involved , he said in an online statement posted by West Midlands Police . "  These men were arrested when the balance between public safety and gathering evidence meant that we could not run the operation longer , " Osborne said . "  This plot clearly demonstrates that there are still people living in our communities who are intent on doing us harm . If we are to find them and we are to stop them we must all remain vigilant and aware . " The investigation , which was coordinated by the West Midlands Counter Terrorism Unit , also involved police forces in London , Wales and Staffordshire , and national counterterrorism and security services .	Nine men are jailed in London after admitting a string of terror offenses "  Their actions could have resulted in serious casualties or fatalities , " an official says The men were based in three cities : London , Stoke-on-Trent and Cardiff They were arrested after a huge covert operation in 2010 , police said
CNN  -- A tornado pummeled Pensacola , Florida , Thursday , severely damaging a church with an attached day care center , destroying homes and leaving thousands of homes and businesses without power , the mayor said . Christy Fayard took this photo of an overturned car in the parking lot of a store Thursday in Pensacola , Florida . "  We had about 15 or 20 minutes notice from the weather service that Doppler radar indicated that there was , in fact , a rotation in this one severe thunderstorm , " Mayor John Fogg said . "  We are n't used to tornadoes in this area . " The day care center next to the Greater Little Rock Baptist Church "  took a direct hit , " but the children already had been moved to a safer location , said Glenn Austin , spokesman for the Escambia County Sheriff 's Office . Video showed frantic , tearful parents rushing into the building to get their children . Christie Fayard said she and her co-workers saw the tornado from their building about two miles away . "  We took cover . We just went to a break room and let it pass , " said Fayard , who is the sister of CNN correspondent Ed Lavandera . After the storm passed , Fayard left work and saw a vehicle overturned in a Target store parking lot . "  We had ample warning , " Fayard said . "  I think the local media did a great job -LSB- warning people -RSB- . " Another Pensacola resident who saw the twister pass said it made a frightening noise . "  It sounded creepy , like a bunch of cars were driving over my house , " Leeann Franzonne told The Associated Press . The tornado was spotted about 9 a.m. and dissipated about 40 minutes later , Austin said . It moved roughly from southwest to northeast , with the biggest apparent damage in the southwest , where older suburbs are located . The twister followed a skipping pattern , sporadically receding into the clouds and then touching down again . Watch where the storm ripped through Pensacola " It battered many buildings downtown , blew the roofs off sections of Cordova Mall northeast of downtown , and damaged Pensacola Junior College , where classes were canceled for the rest of the day . See more photos of the violent storm " Four houses were destroyed and more than 80 were damaged , according to Escambia County officials . Several people were taken to hospitals in the Pensacola area , with what seemed to be minor injuries , Austin said . Four people were treated for minor injuries at Baptist Hospital , and released , said spokeswoman Candy McGuyre . "  Here at the sheriff 's office , we were evacuated down to the basement at one point , " Austin said . Officials have a system in place to deal with hurricanes , but not tornadoes , Fogg said . Still , shelters were quickly set up Thursday for the homeless , he said . At least 6,800 homes and businesses were without power , according to Gulf Power spokesman John Hutchinson , who advised that it may take some time to restore electricity because of the continuing storms . More stormy weather may be on its way . Florida 's emergency management officials issued a statement warning residents and visitors in north Florida that storms and isolated tornadoes were expected during the evening and overnight through Friday . Earlier Thursday , two people died in their mobile home when high winds from a possible tornado hit northeastern Missouri , CNN affiliate KMBC reported . Other tornadoes struck the southwestern part of the state but did not cause much damage , KMBC added . Wednesday night , two tents were blown down at Tulsa , Oklahoma 's , Oktoberfest , sending 21 people to hospitals , Tina Wells , a spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Emergency Medical Services Authority , told The Associated Press . Oktoberfest organizer Michael Sanders said he and about 2,000 other people went into a beer garden tent as a light rain started to fall on the festival . "  Soon as I got in there , within seconds , without warning , there was this huge gust of wind ... and the tent started collapsing , " Sanders said . The thunderstorms damaged about 25 mobile homes and travel trailers in a mobile home park near Oologah , northeast of Tulsa , the Oologah-Talala Emergency Medical Services District said . None of the five injuries reported was believed to be life threatening , officials said . Trees and power lines were down throughout the area . Four victims had been in one mobile home that was destroyed , AP reported . Wind gusts in Kingfisher County reached 86 mph , Emergency Management Director Steve Loftis told the AP . A tornado damaged six homes in a rural area near Mount Vernon , Missouri , Lawrence County Sheriff 's Lt. Brad Delay said . Delay said he followed the tornado in his patrol car . About 4 inches of rain brought flash flooding and high stream levels in Kansas City , Missouri , CNN affiliate KMBC reported . A teenage boy was swept away by water rushing through a culvert , but he managed to pull himself to safety before rescuers arrived , KMBC reported . Flooding from the same storm system is threatening the autumn harvest in Iowa , where high water also ruined farmers ' first plantings in the spring , CNN affiliate KETV in Omaha , Nebraska , reported . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	At least four people hurt in Pensacola , Florida Tornado hits day care , but children OK , sheriff 's spokesman says Storm skips over high school , hits mall , official says Tornado kills couple in Missouri , CNN affiliate says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- "  Late Show With David Letterman " bandleader Paul Shaffer is a walking Wikipedia of rock 'n' roll history -- and now he 's added his own story to the mix . Paul Shaffer has been David Letterman 's bandleader for 27 years . Shaffer 's new memoir , "  We 'll Be Here for the Rest of Our Lives : A Swingin ' Showbiz Saga "  Flying Dolphin Press  offers his take on a colorful career , from piano lessons in his native Canada to a "  Saturday Night Live " stint to the gig he 's had , and relished , for 27 years -- Letterman 's sidekick . Oh yeah , and he co-wrote the hit disco song "  It 's Raining Men . " Shaffer appeared this week at a Manhattan Barnes & Noble to sign books and give a performance . Among those who dropped by were the Beach Boys ' Al Jardine -- who joined in for "  Help Me , Rhonda " -- Martin Short and girl group belter Darlene Love . Shaffer also took questions from the audience . Though the topic of Letterman 's recent troubles was off-limits , one audience member did ask Shaffer what the host was really like -- emphasis on "  really . " Shaffer responded that the boss he 's respected and admired for nearly three decades is "  very transparent on the air and you can see exactly what he 's like . " Shaffer talked to CNN about how he picks songs to introduce guests , his renowned Passover celebrations and his chance to be on "  Seinfeld . " The following is an edited version of the interview : CNN : When guests are introduced on the "  Late Show , " you usually add a musical accompaniment that 's an obscure reference to their name . My favorite was when Dustin Hoffman was a guest , and you played "  Dust in the Wind . " Can you tell me how you come up with those , and what some of your favorites have been ? Paul Shaffer : We think of them in rehearsal before the show . I have about 15 minutes , and I often throw it open to the floor . And by the floor , I mean the musicians , the band -LSB- the "  Late Show 's " CBS Orchestra members -RSB- . And I say "  Who has an idea for this ? " And I pick the one that I like the best . -LSB- Once we -RSB- had a new actor named Aziz Ansari , and one of the guys in the band says , "  I 'm Sorry " -LSB- referring to the Brenda Lee song -RSB- . So we did it , and it cracked Dave -LSB- Letterman -RSB- up so I know that I got my one laugh -- and the most important laugh . CNN : What 's the story behind using Ray Charles ' "  Busted " for Tom Brokaw ? Shaffer : He was particularly difficult to come up with something for because he 's on all the time , and we did n't want to play a news theme or a song about the news . So Will Lee , my bass player , suggested "  Busted " ... "  I 'm broke , aw -- I 'm busted . " And Brokaw asked about it once : "  Why do you play Ray Charles ' ` Busted ' when I come on ? " He asked on camera , and I said , "  I 'm broke -- aw -- I 'm busted . " CNN : What is your favorite song of all time ? Shaffer : As far as favorite "  overall package " record of all time , I 'd have to say "  My Girl " by The Temptations . I like everything about it , not only the composition -- but the arrangement , the production , the lead vocals , the background vocals , the horns , the strings . That one I listen to over and over again . And , of course , "  Be My Baby " by the Ronettes . Maybe that 's my favorite song , and "  My Girl " is my favorite record . CNN : For some reason I thought it was "  He 's a Rebel " by the Crystals . Shaffer : Well that 's way up there . I consider that my national anthem . When I hear "  He 's a Rebel , " I stand . CNN : Are there any musicians you regret never having had a chance to work with ? Shaffer : Well , of course , Frank -LSB- Sinatra -RSB- is one , and Elvis is the other . But aside from those two I think I 've done pretty well . CNN : Can you tell me a little bit about your famed "  Celebrity Seders " ? Shaffer : We spent a lot of time at the show during the early days of "  SNL " -LSB- "  Saturday Night Live " -RSB- . We had no personal lives at all . ... And , of course , we were there doing a show around Passover time , and Suzanne Miller , who was one of the writers , came up with the idea that we should have a seder for the cast and crew and writers who would n't be going home . So I said , "  I can conduct it ! " I knew how to conduct a seder at lightning speed because my parents could n't wait to get to the matzo ball soup . So I have that skill , and I also sort of had an act , too . As a prize for finding the matzo , I gave out a pizza on -LSB- "  SNL 's " -RSB- "  Weekend Update . " -LSB- Producer -RSB- Lorne Michaels liked it so much that he had matches printed up immediately that said "  Paul Shaffer 's Celebrity Seder " and that became legendary . CNN : In the late 1980s , you were offered the role of George Costanza on "  Seinfeld . " Any regrets on not accepting that part ? Shaffer : Just to be clear , I was offered the role of Jerry Seinfeld 's sidekick . He had three sidekicks , and I had a feeling mine might 've been that role . And any regrets ? Well , I mean it was only the most beloved show of all time . ... Truthfully , though , I would have missed the opportunity to play music . CNN : How do you stay hip and current in a world where today 's kids do n't appreciate showbiz legends and the origins of comedy ? Shaffer : I still talk incessantly about "  SCTV , " and I say , "  Screw the kids ! "	Paul Shaffer : The David Letterman viewers see on air is who he really is Shaffer 's new memoir has stories of "  Saturday Night Live , " Letterman Shaffer was offered chance to play Jerry Seinfeld sidekick at one point Bandleader legendary for his "  Celebrity Seders "
CNN  -- His name is synonymous with cinema . Egyptian actor Omar Sharif started his celebrated career in 1953 in the Egyptian-made film "  The Blazing Sun " . He made the move to the international screen in 1962 as Sharif Ali in "  Lawrence of Arabia " , a role which earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor . Egyptian actor Omar Sharif tells MME films made today are n't as accomplished as those made in the early years of cinema A Golden Globe award for Best Actor soon followed for his starring role in "  Doctor Zhivago " . At the age of 75 , Omar Sharif is still making films . His latest , prehistoric epic "  10,000 BC " , opens worldwide in March . After more than 50 years in the film industry , MME 's Schams Elwazer  SE  asked Omar Sharif whether anything had changed . Omar Sharif  OS  : I think that film making has changed all over the world -- not only in the Middle East -- because the films reflect the society that we live in . The society has become more violent , there are more people living in the world , and people are having a hard time making a living , and also the audience of the films has become much younger . The old people do n't go to the cinema anymore . SE : Some Hollywood films have recently come to the region to film here and also have begun to base some of their plots in the Middle East . How does Hollywood view the region as a place to do business ? OS : It 's a question of cost . It costs less to make films in the Middle East , for instance now Morocco has got a big studio in a place called Warzazat which I have made already 2 or 3 films there . They have everything , they have every facility . Tunis has already got a beautiful studio in Hammamet in which I made a film recently . They built a whole of ancient Rome there and you can go there and shoot films about ancient Rome without having to build a set or anything . SE : How would you characterize the health of the homegrown film industry in the region ? OS : When I was younger , when I started in the Egyptian film industry , we used to produce about 120 films a year . Now we produce about 20 maximum , 15 to 20 films a year . First of all we used to be the only country that made Arab speaking films in all the Middle East . All the Arab speaking films came from Egypt . We were the Hollywood of the Middle East . Nowadays all the other countries are making films . Lebanon is making films , Syria is making films , Palestinians are making films . SE : You are the honorary President of the Cairo Film Festival which has recently wrapped up . Cairo Film Festival was the first and is the oldest in the region . But now we are seeing them pop up all over the place , from Dubai to Marrakech . What do you make of this trend ? OS : You know every country wants a bit of publicity . You get people to come and it will encourage tourism . You know we do this for various reasons , we do n't do it just for the art of cinema . SE : We are seeing a new emergence of arts and culture , or attempts at investing in arts and culture in the Middle East . Specifically in the Gulf countries such as Dubai , such as Abu Dhabi , such as Qatar . They 're bringing in educational institutions like the Louvre , museums like the Guggenheim . How do you see these investments as benefiting the film industry in the future ? OS : There are very few films that are like films used to be . So can you say that the film industry today is better than the film industry 50 years ago or 30 years ago ? No . The films they made were masterpieces in those days . Where do you see masterpieces today ? What films get the big prize at all the festivals ? Do you know what Iranian films , Japanese films , Chinese films have ? The most countries that have had the most prizes in the big festivals in Cannes in Venice , in everywhere , have been Chinese or Japanese or Indian or something . They are not American films anymore . Where do you see an American film getting a prize in Cannes film festival or the Venice film festival . I have n't seen one for ages now . Have your say . Email us at mme@cnn.com, or send an i-report . E-mail to a friend	MME speaks with screen legend , star of "  Dr Zhivago " , Omar Sharif Won Oscar nomination for first international role in "  Lawrence of Arabia " Sharif tells MME the film industry has changed over the past 50 years Says the film industry is n't producing masterpieces like it used to
CNN  -- "  The food is excellent . The beer is cold . The sun nearly always shines . There is coffee on every corner . Life does n't get much better than this . " That 's Bill Bryson 's take on Australia , and pretty much everyone else 's . But beyond the beautiful beaches and cuddly marsupials , there are quirky , lesser-known facts to file away before preparing for a trip to Australia . Bust them out in an Aussie pub and you 'll make instant friends . Not that they were n't going to be friendly anyway . 1 . The Opera House was a major headache to build Sydney 's Opera House turns 40 this month . Celebrations in honor or the big birthday included an outdoor concert and a Danish design exhibition . But the performing arts center , which became a World Heritage Site in 2007 , was n't always so beloved . In 1956 , Danish architect JÃ ¸ rn Utzon won the competition to design it , but construction proved tricky , resulting in years of delays and spiraling costs . Things came to a head in 1966 when the government refused to pay Utzon , resulting in his resignation . Peter Hall finished the job . Uzton did n't attend the official opening on October 20 , 1973 . Although amends were made in 1999 , the architect never returned to Australia . 2 . There are more camels than koalas While the koala is a cuddly symbol of Australia , there are actually 10 times as many wild camels . Introduced in the 1800s to provide transportation through the country 's desert heart , one million camels now roam the vast outback . The feral animals cause all sorts of problems , from drinking waterholes dry to destroying sacred Aboriginal sites . The population could double in a decade if left unchecked . This has prompted the government to adopt a controversial culling program . One place camels are welcome is the Northern Territory town of Alice Springs . Every July , the unpredictable beasts take center stage at the self-dubbed "  temperamental , terribly unpredictable , very entertaining " Lasseters Camel Cup . 3 . Aussies love to gamble Australians are one of the world 's biggest gamblers per capita , spending $ 1,314 each in 2012 , according to H2 Gambling Capital . Slot machines -- "  pokies " in the local vernacular -- are the nation 's favorite bet , especially in New South Wales . The state has 100,000 slots in pubs and clubs , while Sydney is set to become the gambling capital when a second casino opens in 2019 . But it 's Victoria that pulls in the punters . Each November , the Melbourne Cup horse race stops the nation . It 's so big it 's a public holiday in the southern state . More : QT Sydney : The hottest , hippest historic hotel in town 4 . They invented Wi-Fi Australia 's national science agency , CSIRO , claims to have invented the wireless LAN technology that 's the basis of Wi-Fi . Not everyone agrees , but it 's got a patent to prove it . The agency has sued companies using the technology without a license -- its 20-year patent expires next month . It 's not the first time the CSIRO has claimed a place in history . In July 1969 , its 64-meter  209-foot  radio telescope in Parkes received television signals that allowed 600 million people to watch Neil Armstrong 's moonwalk live . The observatory , affectionately known as "  The Dish , " is open to visitors in the NSW country town that 's also home to an annual Elvis festival . 5 . The big island is surrounded by more than 8,000 smaller islands Some people say Australia is the largest island on earth , while others call it a continent because it has its own tectonic plate . Whichever way you look at it , the island continent is fringed by thousands of smaller islands -- 8,222 to be precise . It 's got an island state  Tasmania  , the world 's largest sand island  Fraser  and an Antarctic island  Macquarie  . Many islands are named after animals , including Kangaroo Island off the South Australian coast , Lizard Island in the Great Barrier Reef and Cockatoo Island in Sydney Harbor . More : World 's 100 best beaches 6 . It has a "  Greek city " Melbourne has the largest Greek-speaking population in the world , after Athens and Thessaloniki . In fact , more than 200 languages and dialects are spoken in Australia . That 's because more than 25 % of Australians were born in another country , making Australia a melting pot of multiculturalism . Melbourne 's vibrant Greek quarter around Lonsdale Street is home to Stalactites restaurant , a city institution open 24/7 , and the annual Antipodes Festival , which features Zorba dancing and lots of souvlaki . 7 . The country 's one and only military coup was over rum Aussies have a desperate love affair with beer , but in the late 18th century , rum was a popular form of payment in the fledgling colony of Sydney . That is until 1808 , when Governor William Bligh decided to stop the practice . The edict did n't go down well with ringleaders of the rum trade , the New South Wales Corps . The regiment deposed Bligh in a military coup later known as the Rum Rebellion . The city 's boozy past can be soaked up via a four-hour walking tour of the historic Rocks area with Sydney Urban Adventures  $ 137 per person  . More : How to see the best of Sydney in a week 8 . Only 20 of its snakes will kill you Most Aussies are proud of their killer wildlife . The country has 140 snake species and more of the venomous variety than any other continent . In fact , 20 of the world 's 25 deadliest snakes are found slithering here , including the entire top 10 . They 're not all nasty . Snakes are naturally shy and would rather not come across humans . Just north of Sydney , the Australian Reptile Park has a milking program for its 200 venomous snakes . It also hosts hands-on wildlife shows . 9 . Coast-to-coast takes four days by rail Everyone knows Australia is a big place , but its size truly hits home on a trip from one side to the other . In 1912 , work began on the Trans-Australian Railway to link Perth on the west coast with the eastern states . The first section built across the treeless Nullarbor Plain includes the longest stretch  478 kilometers/297 miles  of straight track in the world . Today , two iconic passenger trains use the line : the Indian Pacific trundles the 4,352 kilometers from Sydney and Perth in four days , while the Ghan takes three days to travel 2,979 kilometers from Darwin in the north to Adelaide in the south . 10 . Burgers come with beets In Australia , beets on a burger are a given . There are fancy burgers with goat cheese or chorizo , but a proper Aussie "  burger with the lot " includes a slice of tinned beets . It also often comes with pineapple , fried egg , bacon , cheese and onions , but most Aussies will tell you the red veggies are what makes it taste so great . More : 40 best Australian foods	Australia has 10 times more camels than koalas The island continent is fringed by 8,222 smaller islands World 's 10 deadliest snakes are all found down under Nice on postcards , the Opera House was a major pain to build
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The U.S. military says only one supply route to Afghanistan has been closed by the Pakistani government after fighting that led to the deaths of three Pakistani soldiers , and a military spokesman said Thursday that United States is hopeful the situation is only temporary . Pakistan banned NATO supply convoys from entering Afghanistan after the deaths of the three soldiers , whom the government says were killed in Pakistani territory during fighting between NATO troops and militants , according to a military official from the NATO-led command in Afghanistan . Lt. Col. John Dorrian , an ISAF spokesman , said the Torkham Gate in the Khyber Agency has been closed since about midday on Thursday . Chaman Gate , the other border crossing between Pakistan and Afghanistan , remains open . "  We do n't think it 's a very serious problem , " Dorrian said . "  it 's a throroughfare we use a lot so it is significant . But we can work around it . " "  We do expect these matters to be resolved . " The U.S. Embassy in Islamabad is talking with Pakistan to resolve the situation . Supply convoys are all-important for the Afghan war effort , and officials from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  were trying to persuade Pakistan to lift the ban . Coalition forces rely heavily on convoys from Pakistan to bring in supplies and gear . Torkham Gate is one of the main ports of entry for materiel coming into the war zone . But he emphasized it 's not the only way of getting supplies in , he said . Khyber Agency is one of the seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region . About half the cargo that flows into Afghanistan comes in via one of the two gates from Pakistan , the Defense Department says . Another 30 percent uses two major routes through Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan , one via Russia and the other via the Caucasus . The remaining 20 percent -- mostly sensitive items like weapons , ammunition and other critical equipment -- comes in by air . ISAF said in a statement Thursday that its forces saw what they thought were insurgents trying to fire mortars at a coalition base in the Dand Patan District of Afghanistan 's Paktiya province , near the Pakistani border . An air weapons team targeted the suspected insurgents ' firing position , located inside Afghanistan along the border area , and the aircraft entered Pakistani airspace briefly "  as they engaged this initial target , " the ISAF statement said . After this strike , the "  aircraft received what the crews assessed as effective small arms fire from individuals just across the border in Pakistan " and the ISAF aircraft , operating in self-defense , entered into Pakistani airspace and killed "  several armed individuals . " Later , Pakistani military officials told ISAF that coalition aircraft struck its border forces . "  ISAF and Pakistani forces are reviewing the operational reporting to verify the exact location of the two engagements and the facts in this case , and we will work together to fully investigate this incident . "  Both sides have in mind that it is the insurgents , operating on the border between Pakistan and Afghanistan and violating the territorial sovereignty of both countries , that we are focused on fighting , " the ISAF statement said . ISAF issued "  sincere condolences to the Pakistani military and the families of those who were killed or injured . " The Pakistani government said two helicopters from Afghanistan appeared to have crossed the border into Pakistan in the Mandata Kandaho , Ali Mangola area of the upper Kurram Agency and engaged an outpost of Frontier Corps through cannon fire . The post , manned by six soldiers , is located 200 meters inside Pakistan , and troops fired their rifles to indicate that the helicopters were crossing into Pakistani territory . Instead of heeding the warning , the choppers fired two missiles and destroyed the post , killing the three soldiers and injuring three others . "  This is the third incident of its kind during past one week . In the wake of the last incident on 27 September , contact was made at the highest military level and the incident was regretted by the USA , " the government said . NATO helicopters crossed into Pakistani airspace from Afghanistan in pursuit of insurgents over the weekend , killing 49 people , a spokesman told CNN Monday . Crossing the border did not violate the International Security Assistance Force rules of engagement , Maj. Michael Johnson said . Pakistan is very sensitive about U.S.-led military operations on its territory and issued a strong protest Monday . Pakistan called the incursions "  a clear violation and breach " of U.N. rules for foreign forces in Afghanistan . The United Nations "  mandate terminates/finishes at the Afghanistan border . There are no agreed hot pursuit rules , " Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement . A commander of international forces in the western part of Afghanistan said Thursday that Pakistan 's recent ban on use of supply routes is "  not a problem " for troops in his area of the country . Italian Gen. Claudio Berto , talking to reporters in the Pentagon via satellite from Afghanistan , said , "  In my point of view , it 's not a problem , we are really far away from Pakistan , and if you mean the goods for the soldier , they 're coming through other borders , for example Turkmenistan . And we have no problem with this issue . "	NEW : About half of U.S. cargo comes into Afghanistan via Pakistan , Pentagon says ISAF spokesman says Torkham Gate in the Khyber Agency is closed Spokesman : "  We do n't think it 's a very serious problem " Pakistan says 3 of its soldiers were killed during NATO attack on insurgents
CNN  -- At least 11 people have died in Varna , the largest Bulgarian city on the Black Sea , as a result of massive flash flooding and mudslides , the Interior Ministry said . Some of the victims are children , the ministry said . Dozens were still missing , and tens of thousands were without electricity , the ministry said . The floods swept through parts of the port city Thursday and the rains continued Friday . City boulevards and streets have turned into rivers and many of the pedestrian underpasses are completely flooded . The heaviest hit district is Asparuhovo , where most of the streets are impassable , filled with smashed and overturned vehicles and uprooted trees . Some 4.3 inches of rain , more than double the monthly average , fell in Varna in a 48-hour period . The weather system responsible for this flooding has been progressing very slowly across southern Europe this week , and has spawned tornadoes in Italy , Greece , and Turkey , including near Istanbul . The storm system was beginning to move off to the northeast , but some more light rainfall was expected for eastern Bulgaria for the next 24 hours or so . Bulgarian authorities have declared an emergency in the region . Friday was declared a day of mourning for the victims . CNN 's Brandon Miller contributed to this report .	Floods swept through parts of the city ; rain continues More than double the average monthly rainfall falls in 48 hours Slow-moving weather system has spawned tornadoes in Italy , Greece , and Turkey A day of mourning has been declared ; at least 11 die
CNN  -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair 's attempt to spread the festive cheer turned into a turkey after social media users mocked his new Christmas card . Blair issued his annual Christmas card on Monday . It features a photo of him , with a forced grimace on his face , standing next to his wife Cherie alongside the caption "  Season 's Greetings . " The unnatural-looking smile quickly became the source of online derision , with Twitter users quick to compare the image to a range of gurning icons , from Count Orlock from "  Nosferatu " and "  Friends ' " Chandler Bing . @carlmaxim noted that "  the strange thing about Tony Blair 's Christmas card is how the teeth seem to follow you round the room . " Other users decided to do their own version of the card . Some took the opportunity for some -- admittedly outdated -- political satire . User @GeneralBoles superimposed Blair 's successor Gordon Brown 's face onto Blair 's and tweeted "  Come on Tony , it 's my turn , " a reference to Brown waiting for Blair to step down as prime minister and repeatedly telling him , "  It 's my turn now . " Others took the culture route , with @Rowland72James superimposing the couple 's faces onto Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette , while @garboy photoshopped their faces onto the notoriously unsmiling Grant Wood painting "  American Gothic . " When asked about the card , a spokesperson for Blair 's office told CNN : "  We do not ` officially ' release the card , cards are sent to their friends and colleagues , which does n't seem to me to be that unusual a process let alone one which merits such interest . "	Tony Blair 's Christmas card features the former British PM 's unnatural grin Twitter users were quick to mock the image Copycat cards on the theme were also quick to emerge
CNN  -- The Deep South will be plunged into a deep freeze again this week , this time with ice and snow expected to fall all the way to the Gulf of Mexico . Forecasters issued a winter storm warning for New Orleans and its suburbs Monday afternoon , warning that the city could see half an inch of snow and ice by Tuesday evening . Parishes further north could see three inches , with temperatures plunging into the single digits on Wednesday , the National Weather Service reported . A wave of arctic air that settled over the Midwest and the Plains is expected to spread into the Southeast late Monday , bringing a chance of snow to several major Southern cities by Tuesday . In New Orleans , where measurable snow has fallen only 17 times in records that date back to the 1880s , French Quarter restaurants made plans to shut down and tourists worried about being stranded at the city 's airport . "  This town is shutting down tomorrow , " cab driver August Delaney told CNN . "  Some bridges are going to shut down . Schools are closed . We are not going to put our kids on school buses . " Mayor Mitch Landrieu declared a state of emergency and warned residents to remember what happened when temperatures dipped toward the freezing mark less than a week ago . "  We had bridges that were frozen over , as you might remember , " Landrieu said . "  We had accidents on those bridges , a fairly large pile-up on the Green Bridge . Sometime not long ago , when they had a similar event , there were a thousand crashes , and there were fatalities -- and we want to make sure that we avoid all of that . " While the Big Easy prepared for the Big Icy , authorities in neighboring Mississippi warned that the entire state would see temperatures below freezing between Tuesday morning and around lunchtime Thursday . State officials told reporters that up to four inches of snow could fall in the south-central part of the state , and the Gulf Coast could see three-quarters of an inch . Robert Latham , the state 's emergency management director , warned residents to expect power outages as well . "  We 're looking at a part of the state that has a large number of pine trees , " Latham said . "  I can tell you that as ice accumulates on pine trees , limbs will break . Trees will fall . Power will be out . " The chill will be a marked contrast to the warm temperatures that prevailed across the region on Monday , when temperatures were largely in the 50s and 60s . In Wilmington , North Carolina , on the Atlantic coast , people were still dining outdoors on Monday night even as public schools announced closures on Tuesday and Wednesday . Atlanta will see the mercury drop into the low 20s overnight , with a 30 to 40 % chance of snow Tuesday . In Montgomery , Alabama , there 's a 40 % chance of snow . Further north , Washington probably wo n't see snow , but its residents will feel the cold . Temps will drop to 7 degrees Monday night , with the wind chill telling you it 's colder -- as in 8 degrees below zero . Tuesday will warm up only a little . "  Welcome to my world , " the Midwest and Great Plains will say . Much of the northern Plains , Midwest and Northeast will likely shiver through daytime high temperatures 10 to 30 degrees below normal through Wednesday , the National Weather Service said . Chicago saw a high temperature of 4 below zero Fahrenheit on Monday and is looking at a comparatively balmy 3 above on Tuesday -- though with wind chill values of around minus-30 degrees . In Wisconsin , the state department of transportation urged people to avoid driving if possible . If they must drive , they should carry a fully charged cell phone , have at least half a tank of gasoline and tell somebody where they 're going . In Milwaukee , two motorists seconded that advice . "  It 's going to be pure ice . It 's all fluffy and light snow like this and it 's going to melt down â $ " going to be a mess , " Gary Lukowitz told CNN affiliate WITI . "  Even though you see the streets are plowed and it 's still slippery out there â $ " still a lot of wet snow on the ground , still freezing and cars are still slipping around , " Adam Bernstein said . And authorities in Minnesota are advising no travel in the southern and western parts of the state , where several roads are closed . In South Dakota , officials said white-out conditions with zero to near zero visibility , icy roads and blowing and drifting snow are making safe travel almost impossible along the I-29 corridor and throughout most of the northeast and eastern part of the state . They have closed Interstate 29 from the I-90 junction at Sioux Falls to Brookings because of blizzard conditions . I-29 was also closed from the South Dakota border to Canada in North Dakota . Whiteout conditions could also be found in Hazleton , Iowa , said CNN iReporter Danny Murphy . He shot a video of the very white weather . "  Rural areas around here are suffering from near whiteout and blizzard conditions causing for very hazardous travel , " he said . CNN 's Chad Myers , Sean Morris , Dave Hennen , Martin Savidge and Jareen Imam contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This town is shutting down tomorrow , " New Orleans cab driver says NEW : "  Limbs will break . Trees will fall . Power will be out , " Mississippi official warns NEW : Deep freeze follows temperate Monday across much of Southeast Welcome to our world , frigid Midwest says
CNN  -- One of the most valuable routes in the airline industry is the one that joins New York to London . It is the world 's busiest route , one particularly frequented by business travelers , and currently , it is dominated by United Airlines . All that is set to change , thanks to a pivotal partnership between Delta Airlines and Virgin Atlantic . Last month , the two airlines unveiled a codeshare agreement across 108 routes , with Delta acquiring a 49 % share of the British carrier . For Delta , the deal provides access to a market that , though lucrative , has been difficult for them to crack . "  Heathrow is the most important destination for the U.S. business traveler , and we 've not been able to provide the global frequency that our customers need , " admits Edward Bastian , Delta 's president . "  Virgin was the best way to get to them . " Unlike Virgin Atlantic , which has experienced two years of steady financial losses , Delta has been in an upward expansion . It is the fastest-growing carrier in New York -- abetted by a massive expansion of two of the city 's major hubs , including a $ 1.4 billion renovation of Terminal 4 at JFK , and $ 100 million upgrade of its facilities at LaGuardia Airport . While Delta is gaining momentum in North America , procuring slots at Heathrow has proved arduous for the airline , according to George Ferguson , senior airline and aerospace analyst at Bloomberg Industries . Read more : Luxury jets for the long haul "  The largest number of slots at Heathrow are dedicated to Virgin and British Airways flights . Delta has had a hard time getting in there , " he admits . "  This deal really gives them a lot of access to Heathrow , which is an important market in New York . " Currently , Delta has nine flights operating between Heathrow and the U.S. . When the partnership takes effect , that number will jump to 23 . Compared to Delta , Virgin is a much more niche airline . It serves a smaller , predominately British clientele , providing them with a more upmarket experience . Despite Virgin 's strong brand , its image does n't resonate as well outside the United Kingdom . Ideally , the deal with Delta will introduce the carrier to a wider audience . "  I think the spirit of our company will be very attractive to the U.S.-based customers that Delta currently serves , " says Craig Kreeger , CEO of Virgin Atlantic Airways . "  I think that by becoming more successful and being able to generate more fans in the United State , it 's going to spur even more innovation  at Virgin  . " As the two companies join houses , so to speak , experts are pondering which brand will be more prominent . "  From a Virgin perspective , I expect not much will change , at least not for a while " says Ferguson . "  Virgin has a pretty strong brand across the Atlantic -- the better brand right now -- and Delta 's going to want to leave that in place . " Discover which airport is the worst for delays Asked if there 's a chance Virgin might lose its identity in the process , Kreeger says he 's not worried . "  The Virgin brand and Virgin style is one of the things that attracted Delta to us in the first place , " he says . "  I think they 're looking forward to being able to offer their customers more choice . " For the deluge of passengers that fly Delta and Virgin across the pond , the partnership could ideally result in cheaper fares . "  I see them being able to give corporate customers much more options , and I see them really being able to kick off some extensive routes with above-average yields , " says Ferguson , who adds that in the airline industry , fuller planes usually results in cheaper tickets . "  London and New York are sort of dominated by the financial services business , which has taken it on the chin lately , " notes Ferguson . "  As a result , you have a consumer that is more price conscious and you need to find a way to get them a cheaper ticket while still making money . That 's why you need to get planes full . For Virgin , this is the start of that process . "	Delta takes 49 % stake in Virgin Atlantic Airlines hope that codeshare will increase their trans-Atlantic success UK-U.S. routes are the most world 's busiest and lucrative Virgin seen as a much more niche airline than Delta
CNN  -- The owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire said Monday that his family 's "  lives were just changed forever " by the tragedy . Chip Auman said his 18-year-old daughter survived the fire but was hospitalized and in stable condition because of complications from smoke inhalation . "  The thought of losing a child is unimaginable to me , and as a father my heart goes out to the families that lost a loved one in this situation , " he said . Auman said the situation was "  hard to fathom . " "  There 's just no words to describe what we 've been going through , " he said , asking for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died . "  We 're numb , we 're confused , we 're heartbroken . " Two college campuses mourned Monday . Six University of South Carolina students and a Clemson University student died in the fire early Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach , North Carolina . Six other South Carolina students were able to get out of the house in time . The six were treated and released from nearby Brunswick Community Hospital , but Auman 's daughter was hospitalized again in Hartsville , South Carolina . Authorities from the state Bureau of Investigation and the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire . Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith said the house was "  engulfed " in flames when the fire department arrived on the scene , about five minutes after being notified . The flames shot into the sky and ultimately left little more than portions of the framing . Fire officials do not believe foul play was involved . Watch a neighbor 's video , fears of fast-burning fire " Dennis A. Pruitt , the vice president for student affairs for the University of South Carolina , said investigators have said it would be Tuesday or Wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly . It could be as much as a month until investigators know the cause of the fire , Pruitt said . The university did not cancel classes on Monday , but Pruitt said arrangements had been made for those who need to go home or stay out of class at the 28,000-student campus . Pruitt said meetings had been held Sunday with members of Delta Delta Delta sorority and Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity . The South Carolina students were affiliated with those houses , he said , although he stressed that the weekend was not an official Greek function . He also said counselors and ministers were available to help students deal with the loss of their classmates . The university president , Dr. Andrew Sorenson , contacted the families of those who died in the fire to express the condolences and support of the university community . Jay Laura , student president of the USC chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon , said the campus would pull together after the tragedy . "  If any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this , it is South Carolina , " Laura said at a Monday afternoon press conference . Fire survivor Tripp Wylie , a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore , said he jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames and was unable to get back in to help his friends . "  I could see a buddy of mine off to the left who had gotten out . He was just yelling at me to jump and stuff , " Wylie told CNN affiliate WYFF . "  The smoke was pouring out , could n't really breathe , so I had to make a quick decision . -LSB- I -RSB- just kind of leaned out the window and luckily I jumped far enough to make it into the canal . " Neighbors flocked to see the fire as firefighters battled and ultimately got the blaze under control . See the scenes of devastation " George Smith , who lives across the street from the house , said he heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. and went outside to see "  the whole sky lit up . " "  The whole house was completely engulfed in flames , up to about 20 feet , " he said . "  I have never seen -LSB- a fire -RSB- move so fast . " George Smith said the house 's occupants were "  partying in there yesterday and into the night . " After about 10:30 p.m. Saturday they quieted down , he said . Linda Sing said she was walking her dog when she saw the fiery destruction . She noted that firefighters had saved an adjacent house by spraying it down with water . "  We knew there were people in there , but we hoped and prayed they 'd gotten out , " Sing said . "  This is the worst thing I 've ever seen . We 've had hurricanes , but this is worse . " Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along North Carolina 's southern coast . The year-round population of the 7-mile-long island is about 425 , but it swells to about 25,000 during the summer season , according to the town 's Web site . E-mail to a friend	"  Heartbroken " house owner 's daughter among six survivors hospitalized One survivor jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape University of South Carolina mourns deaths of six students
CNN  -- After a setback from the natural and nuclear disasters of 2011 , tourism has rebounded in Tokyo . The Japan National Tourism Office reports a 21 % increase in visitor arrival numbers between January and August 2013 compared with the same period last year . The renewed surge of visitors is being partly attributed to Tokyo 's successful bid for the 2020 Olympics and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's efforts to bulk up the economy . Fall is the classic time to visit the city . The oppressive humidity of summer has cleared , autumn colors bring life to Tokyo 's many parks , hearty , seasonal foods are the order of the day and the fresh fashion the country is known for is celebrated on the streets . More : Guide to Tokyo 's best parks From sedate , centuries-old gardens to boisterous robot cabarets , here 's the vital knowledge you 'll need before hitting Japan 's sprawling capital . 1 . Tip No. 1 : Do n't tip Attentive service is the norm in Japan , part of a cultural dedication to hospitality called omotenashi . Tipping is n't expected in taxis , at hair salons , for doormen or bartenders . Not only are gratuities not expected , they wo n't be accepted . Some restaurant checks will include a service charge . If you leave money behind , no matter how much or little , do n't be surprised if your server chases you down the street to return it . More : 50 reasons Tokyo is the world 's greatest city 2 . Walk right -- on the left With 35 million people , greater Tokyo is one of the most densely populated urban centers in the world . Yet crowds are orderly . Everyone waits until the light changes to cross the street . Pedestrians on wide sidewalks follow the unspoken rule of staying to the left almost as strictly as cars  also on the left  do . Exception : On Tokyo escalators , stand on the left and walk on the right .  Around Osaka , escalator etiquette is reversed . 3 . Drink outside , smoke inside The more enclosed a space is , the more likely you 'll be allowed to smoke there . The smaller and homier a bar or restaurant , the more likely it is to be smoker-friendly . Many bullet trains still have smoking cars . On the other hand , smoking is prohibited on many sidewalks  look for signs stenciled on the sidewalk  , except around public ashtrays . Street patrols stop people who engage in aruki-tabako , or "  walking-smoking . " Cracking open a beer or can of fruity , boozy chu-hai on the walk or train home , however , is a cherished tradition . More : 5 Tokyo bars for train nerds  yes , they exist 4 . One card is good for all trains and buses The Tokyo train system is actually a network of three train companies . Originally , each system required its own tickets . Now rechargeable Suica and Pasmo cards let riders seamlessly touch their way in and out of all lines . As of March 2013 , paying fares got even easier -- a single card became usable for trains and buses throughout the country . You can get one as soon as you arrive in Tokyo from almost any ticket machine . The ¥ 500 deposit  a little over $ 5  for the card is refundable . The time you save not calculating ticket costs makes it worthwhile even if you keep the card as a souvenir . 5 . There are pockets of quiet everywhere From temples hidden between office buildings  Hanazono Shrine in Shinjuku is a favorite of these  to the tree-lined canal that runs the length of Nakameguro , you 're never far from an oasis of calm in the frantic city . Winding residential streets lined with walled gardens are often just a block away from busy main roads . If you take a detour down a little unmarked road  most Japanese streets are unnamed  chances are you 'll discover a tiny cafe , quirky neighborhood art project or a jumble of ultramodern condos and rickety ancient architecture . More : Insider Guide : What to do in Tokyo 6 . Japanese bathhouses Public bathhouses , or sento , are a soothing holdover from a time when most homes did n't have bathtubs . Whether it 's a bright , modern place in Omotesando with fizzy water and fancy soap or a creaky neighborhood bath with a coin-operated hairdryer that 's been bolted to the floor since the 1960s , all public baths cost ¥ 450 . The Tokyo Sento Association is redoubling efforts to make them foreigner friendly ahead of the Olympics by posting etiquette and instruction cards in four languages . 7 . That word you keep hearing is ` welcome ' After a few days in Tokyo , you might find yourself asking , "  What 's that thing they always say when I walk in ? " Whether it 's sweaty , aproned guys shouting in unison as you walk into an izakaya  lively restaurants that serve alcohol with lots of small dishes  or one perfectly coiffed woman murmuring as you enter the hush of a small boutique , they 're saying the same thing : "  Irasshaimase . " It 's a polite way of saying "  welcome . " Although your instinct may be to reply -- "  Thank you ? " "  Hello ? " -- locals insist no response is required . A friendly little bow in response does n't hurt , though . 8 . The sushi really is that good The famous tuna auction at Tsukiji market starts just after 5 a.m. , but the day 's 120 free tickets are often all snapped up as early as 4 . Whether you get to the auction or not , the market and surrounding shops will be springing to life around that time -- it 's the best place to enjoy an early morning plate of the freshest sushi you 've ever tasted . You need not be there that early , but many of the hundreds of shops start to close by 1 p.m. Visit and you , too , will be one of those insufferable diners who ca n't eat sushi back home without saying , "  It 's good , but it 's nothing like the maguro I had in Japan . " But hurry -- the legendary market is set to close at the end of 2013 . A new facility will open a few kilometers away in 2014 . More : Iconic fish market to close 9 . Free WiFi is rare While the number of places that have free and simple WiFi in Japan is increasing , access is n't something you can count on . Signs everywhere announce free WiFi -- if you already have a contract with the provider . Even places like Starbucks that have relatively accessible free WiFi require you to create an account in advance . Instead of renting a SIM card , many travelers find that renting a pocket WiFi at the airport to use with their own smartphones is the best way to get online . 10 . Bacon turns up everywhere Japan has a long tradition of Buddhist vegetarian cuisine called shojin ryori . It is painstakingly prepared and served on fine lacquerware and ceramics . It 's worth experiencing  Michelin-starred Itosho is outstanding  and guaranteed to be vegetarian , but it 's expensive and a time-consuming affair . For a quick veggie meal , you usually have to be vigilant . A "  vegetable sandwich " may have a sneaky slice of ham in it , and pasta with "  no meat " could be studded with chunks of bacon . "  Meat " tends to mean "  beef . " Running down a list of every animal product that you 'd like to avoid is the only way to be sure . And your potato salad might still come with bacon . 11 . Clear umbrellas are the best umbrellas Into every vacation a little rain must fall . If you 're in Japan when it does , lucky you -- it 's a perfect opportunity to pick up a clear umbrella . It 's such a simple innovation , you wonder why they have n't caught on elsewhere . Once the first drops of rain hit the street , you 'll find them everywhere . Convenience stores will put their stock by the door . One costs between ¥ 300 and ¥ 500 . The clerk will offer to unwrap it for you if you 're using it right away . Hold on tightly , but let go lightly ; umbrellas are the one item that 's frequently stolen in Tokyo . If yours disappears , consider it a rite of passage . CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Tokyo tourist arrivals are expected to rise with successful 2020 Olympic bid Travelers can buy a single card to ride all trains and buses Free WiFi is rare Whether bright and modern or creaky and old , all public baths cost ¥ 450
CNN  -- "  Hello ` true believers , ' this is Stan Lee , " said the world-renowned comic book creator as he filmed a video segment for CNN.com . His booming voice and magnetic demeanor made jaws drop and eyes widen everywhere in the room . There 's something magical about Lee : He is like a superhero disguised in a button-down shirt and tan slacks . Lee played a major part in creating most of the world 's favorite comic book superheroes . He conceived of -- or co-created -- and wrote decades of story lines for Spider-Man , The Incredible Hulk , The X-Men , The Fantastic Four , Iron Man , Thor , Daredevil , Doctor Strange and plenty others in the Marvel pantheon . All told , he has contributed to 90 percent of the company 's comic book characters and made them recognizable through marketing and licensing . Lee said the secret to taking his superheroes through so many successful forays into different mediums was having fun . "  I never really think of which -LSB- business offers -RSB- to take and turn down , because almost everything that 's offered to me sounds like fun , " he said . "  I like writing , I like trying to create new characters and new concepts for entertainment . I 'm very much a ham , I love doing those cameos I do . So , I turn down almost nothing unless there 's no time to do it . " Marvel became known for its collaborative creative efforts  called the "  Marvel Method "  and Lee sees it as one of the reasons his characters have been so memorable . "  All of my life in comics I have worked with artists , so I 've collaborated with them , " said Lee . "  I would write down the original story , they would draw it and then I would edit it and do the art direction . So everything I 've done has always been a collaboration . "  I feel , when you collaborate with talented people , they inspire you . I would hope that you spark them also . And I find that working with people whom you respect , and who are as eager as you to do things that will excite an audience , that 's just the best way to go . I 've been so lucky that I have found and worked with that caliber of people , " he said . He points out that his latest venture , POW ! Entertainment , stands for "  Purveyors of wonder ! With an exclamation point ! " His exaggerated speech patterns and confident posture make it hard to comprehend that he is nearly 88 years old . If it 's a carefully crafted persona , it 's based on his hard-earned legacy . Through his prolific work and desire to entertain , Lee has influenced pop culture for 71 years . He started working as a writer and proofreader in 1939 for the comic book company that would become Marvel . He wrote his first entire comic book  Captain America No. 3  in 1941 . By the early 1960s he was editor and chief writer at Marvel , leading what became known as the "  Marvel revolution . " In response to DC Comics ' re-vamped version of "  The Flash " and successful superhero team comic , "  Justice League of America , " Marvel created a group of superheroes . They were distinguished in the comic book world for their complex narratives and continuity -- they all saved lives in the same world , and in some cases crossed over into each other 's storylines . But it was Lee 's promotion and licensing of those characters that gave them a lasting influence . Since 1965 , Marvel superheroes have jumped from the pages of comic books to costume and toy stores , Saturday morning cartoons and blockbuster movies . He 's not afraid to tackle serious issues either . He famously took the Comics Code Authority to task over rules banning the depiction of drug use . He used "  The Amazing Spider-Man " to discuss the social problems of drug abuse in 1971 . Despite the CCA 's disapproval , Lee published the three-book story arc anyway , illustrating the havoc that LSD could wreak . It was so well received that the CCA changed the rules . Many of Lee 's superheroes and villains are complicated characters , allowing him to weave social discussions into comic book story lines . "  I thought , even though these were action stories for comic books , I thought it would be rather interesting to the readers to have a third dimension to the stories , which I 've always tried to do in a subtle way , " he said . "  Inject a little bit of philosophy or a little bit of something to think about when the reader reads the stories . " X-Men characters "  Professor X " and "  Magneto , " for example , struggled with opposing philosophies as mutant outsiders who were persecuted -- even outlawed -- which was a struggle that comic book readers could see similarly played out in real life on the evening news . "  They were meant to emphasize the conflict between people who felt that we 've got to all work together and find a way to get along , and people who feel ` we 're not treated well , therefore we 're going to strike back with force ! ' " said Lee . "  With Magneto , whose people were hounded and hunted and almost tortured , he had every right to feel , ` We 're trying to help mankind , and they 're making us outlaws , and they 're persecuting us , we 've got to strike back . ' " Lee said he could understand that feeling , but could also understand Professor X 's point of view , which was "  No , we 've got to give them time to learn and to understand and to cooperate . " For all his success and fame and fortune , Lee reaches out to fans in a very personal fashion , fostering an in-the-club-like feeling while at Marvel Comics . In all his comics , he wrote a column called , "  Stan 's Soapbox , " as well as a page called "  Bullpen Bulletins , " in which he wrote directly to the reader , more like a letter from a friend than a letter from the editor . "  And I would end my columns with little catch phrases , like ` Until next time , gang , hang loose ! ' or ` Face front ! ' things like that , " he said . "  And I found , little by little the competition was using the same phrases . And I did n't like that ! So , I thought , ` I 'm going to try to dream something up that A  they wo n't know what it means , and B  they wo n't even know how to spell it ! ' " The catchphrase "  Excelsior ! " -- which Lee pronounces egg-zel-see-or -- was born . Lee said he found the word on the coat of arms of the state of New York . It 's an old English expression that means "  Upward and onward to greater glory ! " said Lee , emphatically . "  And I thought , " he said , "  that 's just perfect ! So now I end almost everything that I write , when I 'm just talking to the public or to fans , I end it with ` Excelsior ! ' And so far nobody has copied it . But of course now that I 'm mentioning it here over the air , everybody is going to start doing it and I 'm going to be sorry I said this . " Lee makes many cameo appearances in movies based on his comic books . He has appeared uncredited as himself in movies like 2007 's "  The Fantastic Four : Rise of the Silver Surfer . " He also makes more scripted appearances . Finding him in Marvel-based movies is almost like playing "  Where 's Waldo ? " In 2000 's "  X-Men , " he was a hot dog vendor . In 2003 's "  Hulk , " he was a security guard . In 2005 's "  Fantastic Four " he appeared as Willie Lumpkin . In 2008 's "  Iron Man , " Tony Stark mistakes him for Hugh Hefner . "  Wow ! If I could be in a movie called ` Cameo Man ' and play all the cameos I 've done , that would be my superpower . I have the ability to be anyone , anytime , anywhere , anyhow ! " said Lee . "  As soon as I get back to the POW ! offices , and you know , you know the power that POW ! wields , I 'm going to start working on that . " "  That is , after I work on getting the movie academy to issue an Oscar for the best cameo of the year , and of course the television academy to do likewise , " he said .	Stan Lee 's comic book and entertainment career has so far spanned 71 years Lee created many of the world 's favorite superheroes , including Spider-Man , the X-Men Lee thoroughly enjoys playing cameo parts in all movies based on his comic book characters Lee pronounces his catchphrase , "  Excelsior ! " egg-cel-see-or
Hartford , Connecticut  CNN  -- Few defending champions in sport have had as much to defend as the University of Connecticut women 's basketball team . On Tuesday night , the Huskies successfully defended their title  beating Stanford 53-47  , their winning streak  78 games  and themselves  against the charge that they 're "  bad " for women 's basketball  . They are so much better than every other team , goes the argument of various scribes , yakkers and bloggers , that they 've made a mockery of the game . Never mind that these very pundits have mocked the game for years . Perhaps that 's UConn 's real crime : It 's made a mockery of others ' mockery . I know . I once mocked women 's basketball -- and thank God I did . After I 'd written a single line casually ridiculing women 's basketball in the pages of Sports Illustrated , a woman confronted me in a bar in New York . She asked me how many games I 'd attended before forming my low opinion of the sport . My armpits burst into flames , and I said that I 'd never actually been to a women 's basketball game . She invited me to one , and 23 months later , I married that woman , Rebecca Lobo , who won a national championship with an unbeaten UConn team in 1995 and a gold medal at the Atlanta Olympics in 1996 and who helped to launch the WNBA in 1997 as a member of the New York Liberty . I 'm not saying critics are wrong : Perhaps UConn is bad for the sport , the way Secretariat was bad for horse racing when he won the Belmont by 31 lengths , or the way the Beatles diminished pop music by releasing 20 No. 1 hits , or the way da Vinci 's diversity of talents -- artist , engineer , inventor , etc. -- rendered the Renaissance irredeemably dull . Or perhaps exceptional talent and overriding excellence , over time , raises the level of everyone in its proximity , in which case this UConn team might be the best thing that ever happened to women 's basketball . True , when the Huskies play , the outcome of every game is known in advance , much as the outcome of every Perry Mason case was known in advance . The fun lay in seeing how the inevitable victory happened -- in watching the genius at work . People knew going in that Houdini always escaped . They still watched , because the next time he might not . And so it goes for the Huskies , who trailed 20-12 after a hideous first half Tuesday night before slipping the padlocks and swimming to the surface , triumphant . People who play and appreciate extraordinary basketball recognize this dominance as an end unto itself . "  UConn has too many weapons , " Oklahoma City Thunder star Kevin Durant said on Twitter last week . "  Best team ever in sports ? " Not many people can answer that question knowledgeably , because most people do n't watch women 's basketball . It ca n't help that the women 's final is played between the men 's national championship game and the Masters golf tournament . It 's a subordinate clause between a giant pair of parentheses . Pity , because the 2009-10 UConn women are surely one of sports history 's most dominant teams , one for whom losing is unfathomable . "  What if the UConn women lose ? " Minnesota Timberwolves guard Jonny Flynn asked on Twitter during the tournament . "  I hope not , because that means the end of the world is near . " He pleaded for the Huskies to save the planet -- or as Flynn put it : "  Win for Humanity . " Of course , the Huskies are not saving mankind . Or womankind . Or womynkind . Women 's teams , unlike men 's , are somehow required to carry the flag for their entire gender . They 're "  empowering our daughters , " they 're sneaker-shod suffragettes . The UCLA men 's team that won 88 consecutive games in the early 1970s were n't striking a blow for wearers of headbands or mutton-chop sideburns . The Chicago Bulls dynasty of the '90s was not empowering the rainbow-haired . Men 's teams play and are appreciated on their own merits . We should be able to do the same with the UConn women . They do n't have to be heroines or feminist icons . The epithet my wife most often uses to describe herself is "  tall chick . " That 's what the UConn women are : Women -- some tall , some not -- playing very good basketball . It 's pleasure enough to watch a bunch of shiny new parts working together , efficiently , toward a devastating end : the kind of beauty you see in a combine harvester as it threshes a field of wheat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Rushin .	Steve Rushin says UConn had to defend title , winning streak and dominance in sport UConn thwarts critics ' complaints the team is just too good , Rushin says Women 's teams , unlike men 's , are required to carry flag for their entire gender , he says Rushin : The UConn women are one of sports history 's most dominant teams
CNN  -- They are the parents who canceled Christmas . John and Lisa Henderson of Hurricane , Utah , had finally had enough of their little hurricanes . For months , the couple had been trying to teach their three boys , ages 11 , 8 and 5 , to stop being disrespectful and acting entitled . "  We gave them good warning , either it was time for their behavior to change or there would be consequences , " wrote Lisa Henderson , co-founder of the Over the Big Moon blog , in a recent post . "  We patiently worked with them for several months and guess what , very little changed . One day after a particularly bad display of entitlement John said , ` We should just cancel Christmas . ' " And that 's what they did . Santa is n't coming to the Henderson house this year . The family is taking the money that would have been spent on gifts and using it for service projects and helping other people . It 's not like her children suffer from a lack of toys , Lisa Henderson wrote . The family will still decorate and celebrate Christmas as the birth of Christ , and the children will still get presents from other family . Though they 're taking some heat from critics who call them Scrooges , the gifts these parents are giving their children are so much more important than the latest popular "  Star Wars " figure or electronic gadget soon relegated to the dustbin . These gifts will last a lifetime . The gift of consequences How many times do parents threaten to take away the television/iPad/favorite toys unless their children start to behave ? If the threats continue but there 's never any follow-through , children come to believe that there are n't any consequences . They also learn that their parents ca n't be trusted to tell the truth . And they develop a nasty habit of manipulating to get what they want . The Henderson children will probably never doubt their parents ' word again . The gift of perspective Henderson knew that her children had plenty to be grateful for , including good food , a nice home and too many toys to count . What they needed was a dose of perspective , which they got . They used the Santa money to start a clothing drive for victims of Typhoon Haiyan in the Philippines and ship the goods overseas . They are also considering participating in an Adopt-a-Grandparent program . The gift of imagination The boys are n't sitting around feeling sorry for themselves . Besides organizing as a family to do good works for others , the boys have responded by making gifts for each other and sneaking them into each child 's stocking . "  They are learning exactly what we wanted them to learn , because they are not moping around feeling sorry for themselves , " she wrote . "  They are thinking of others . " The gift of family Christmas has n't been completely canceled in the Henderson household . What 's been canceled is an overwhelmingly commercial Christmas . Instead of a race to the tree to see what Santa brought , the focus on Christmas morning will be on spending time together with Lisa 's cinnamon rolls , their faith , family games and the opportunity to "  truly enjoy the few presents they did get " from grandparents and others . "  While this may not be the best choice for everyone , it feels right for our family right now , " she wrote . "  Our kids get to focus on that feeling . I am almost certain this will be the best Christmas they ever have ! "	Months of disrespectful behavior led John and Lisa Henderson to a drastic decision Their children are using gift money to help others and get perspective The Hendersons hope their children will get many intangible gifts this year
CNN  -- On one hand , Cristiano Ronaldo is still scoring goals for fun and Gareth Bale is starting to justify his mammoth transfer fee . On the other , Real Madrid 's defensive game is appalling . Carlo Ancelotti , who learned the game in a league where solidity at the back is everything , must be having kittens . So would you if your team took a three-goal lead against the bottom team in La Liga , then proceeded to hang on nervously for a 3-2 win that so easily could 've ended in misery . Especially when your previous outing started similarly and ended in a 7-3 scoreline . And even more so when your next game is a trip to Juventus in the Champions League . "  A disaster , " Ancelotti called Saturday 's second-half display against city rival Rayo Vallecano , a team which had conceded 27 goals and scored just eight in 11 previous Spanish league matches . "  Against Sevilla we were 3-0 up and let them back into the game . Today the same thing happened and that is not a coincidence , " the Italian told reporters . "  We need to change and remove the superficiality we have on the pitch , the second half was a disaster . You can not let a team back into the game like that when you have the quality of Real Madrid . "  It is something that we have to talk about in the dressing room . It has happened twice that being in front has changed the attitude out on the field , and that is not good . " Real had started so well , with Ronaldo waltzing down the left and firing in a low shot for a third-minute opener . Rayo had a good penalty appeal turned down and a goal disallowed before Real 's marquee signing Bale laid on a perfect cross for Karim Benzema to head the second just after half an hour , having been set free by Xabi Alonso . Alonso , making his first start this season , was a major factor in Real 's first-half dominance but the Spain midfielder did not come back out after the break due to another fitness problem which puts him in doubt for Tuesday 's trip to Italy . Nonetheless , Bale was again the provider as Ronaldo punished Rayo at the near post soon after the interval , putting the Portugal captain above Atletico Madrid 's Diego Costa in the Pichichi standings with his 13th league goal this season . It was downhill from there for Real . Vallecano won two penalties in quick succession -- both converted by Jonathan Viera , one coming after Joaquin Larrivey hit the bar -- while Diego Lopez did well to tip Alberto Bueno 's shot onto the post . The result left third-placed Real six points behind Barcelona -- which won 1-0 against Espanyol on Friday -- and two behind Atletico , which hosts Athletic Bilbao on Sunday . Real Sociedad moved up to seventh with a 5-0 drubbing of Osasuna , while Almeria climbed off the bottom on goal difference with a 1-0 win over Valladolid . Celta Vigo moved away from the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Sevilla -- which had conceded seven against Real in midweek . In Italy , Napoli and Juventus moved to within two points of Serie A leader Roma with respective victories on Saturday . Second-placed Napoli , which hosts Marseille in the Champions League on Wednesday , beat Catania 2-1 with first-half goals from former Real Madrid forward Jose Callejon and Slovakian Marek Hamsik -- putting both on six in the league this season . Juve , which needs to beat Real to have any chance of a place in the knockout stage , triumphed 1-0 at Parma thanks to a 77th-minute strike from midfielder Paul Pogba . Struggling AC Milan lost 2-0 at home to fourth-placed Fiorentina ahead of Wednesday 's trip to Barcelona in Europe 's top club competition , further progress in which may be the key to the future of under-pressure coach Massimiliano Allegri . His Rossoneri hold the second qualifying place above Scottish side Celtic , but languish 11th in Serie A -- 18 points behind pacesetting Roma , which will seek an unprecedented 11th successive win at Torino on Sunday .	Real Madrid struggles to 3-2 win over Spain 's bottom team Rayo Vallecano Carlo Ancelotti 's team had to hang on nervously after leading by three goals Win leaves third-placed Real six points behind La Liga champion Barcelona Wednesday 's opponent Juventus wins 1-0 at Parma in Italy 's Serie A
CNN  A year ago , when Dr. Stephane Hugonnet was dispatched to Guinea to investigate a series of unexplained deaths , he had little idea that he 'd be contending with an outbreak that would quickly spread from a small southern rainforest village , across borders , and around the world . The Ebola outbreak , ravaging primarily Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone , is a year old today . According to one official count , it 's infected 24,000 people and killed 10,000 . And it 's managed to do so because of an institutional failure on several levels : weak public health systems locally and a painfully slow response globally . But in order to get to where we are , we need to go back to how it began . It takes a village Before the virus ravaged West Africa , before the deaths soared into the thousands , before the outbreak triggered global fears , Ebola struck a toddler named Emile Ouamouno The 2-year-old boy is who researchers with The New England Journal of Medicine believe was the first person to contract the disease in December 2013 . Emile lived in a rainforest village in southern Guinea . How he got infected , no one is sure , but Ebola can be spread from animals to humans through infected fluids or tissue . One thing that is certain , within a month Ebola not only took Emile 's life , but also those of his mother , sister and grandmother . From there , it spread like wildfire , passing to neighboring villages and beyond when people attended the grandmother 's funeral . Where they went , the virus followed . By the time Dr. Hugonnet landed in Guinea , he did n't yet know that it was already too late . Hugonnet leads the Global Capacities , Alert and Responses team of the World Health Organization , and was one of the first doctors on the ground . "  We were following this rumor of a small cluster of unexplained deaths in Guinea , " he said in a first-hand account of the early days of the crisis . "  When the lab results came back , we learned that there was Ebola Zaire in West Africa . This was a first . " Hugonnet was working with a team of logisticians , a medical anthropologist , laboratory technicians , virologists and infection prevention and control specialists . It was an impressive collection of professionals with the goal of rapidly assessing the situation and getting it under control , keep it localized . But this outbreak was different , Hugonnet said . "  Person-to-person transmission had quickly spread from a rural area to a large urban city , " making it harder to contain , he said . "  And , the outbreak was becoming multi-national ; cases were confirmed in Liberia and were suspected in Sierra Leone . " From those early days , the outbreak would mushroom . In July , Patrick Sawyer became the first American citizen to die at a hospital in Monrovia , Liberia . His case raised fears the virus could spread beyond the countries at the heart of the outbreak . And it does . International flights took the disease as far as Spain and the United States . On August 6 , a businessman with Ebola died in a hospital in Saudi Arabia . He had been to Sierra Leone for work . Five days later , a Spanish Catholic Brother died in Madrid . And on September 20 , The Spanish Catholic Brother with Ebola , Brother Miguel Pajares , dies in Madrid . September 20 , a Liberian named Thomas Duncan arrived in Dallas to visit relatives . He had been unknowingly exposed to the Ebola virus -- and he became the first known case of Ebola diagnosed in the U.S. . He died a few days later . Meanwhile , the disease took an ugly toll in West Africa By September , it had orphaned about 3,700 children in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Scared relatives did n't want to take them in , and officials worried the number of kids without parents would rise higher -- much higher . "  Ebola is turning a basic human reaction like comforting a sick child into a potential death sentence , " said Manuel Fontaine , UNICEF 's regional director . "  We can not respond to a crisis of this nature and this scale in the usual ways . We need more courage , more creativity , and far , far more resources . " Why did n't we ? In a scathing new report , published Monday , Doctors Without Borders puts the blame squarely on a "  global coalition of inaction " that waited months to respond to the epidemic . "  The Ebola epidemic proved to be an exceptional event that exposed the reality of how inefficient and slow health and aid systems are to respond to emergencies , " said said Dr Joanne Liu , the organization 's international president in the report , "  Pushed to the Limit and Beyond . " For example , by March 21 , 2014 , 78 victims had died , mostly in Guinea . The World Health Organization said at the time that while the Ebola outbreak is serious , it is "  relatively small , still . " "  For the Ebola outbreak to spiral this far out of control required many institutions to fail , " said Christopher Stokes , the director general for Doctors Without Borders . "  And they did , with tragic and avoidable consequences . " Local hospitals were overwhelmed . International response was weak . By October , when Sierra Leone was reporting a rate of five infections an hour , UNICEF said it had received only 25 % of the $ 200 million it needed for emergency assistance for families affected by Ebola in the region . A significant challenge remains ahead , Doctors Without Borders says . "  To declare an end to the outbreak , every single person in contact with someone infected with Ebola must be identified . There is no room for mistakes or complacency ; the number of cases weekly is still higher than in any previous outbreak , and overall cases have not significantly declined since late January . " It 's sobering news a year into the outbreak . Although the headlines have faded a bit from public view , the threat has not . CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	The world was just starting to become aware of the Ebola outbreak a year ago The director general for Doctors Without Borders calls the outbreak "  tragic and avoidable "
CNN  -- Once upon a time , anytime you sat down to watch a wedding movie , you had a good idea what you were going to get , whether it be "  Father of the Bride " or "  Four Weddings and a Funeral . " All of that changed with the surprise box office success of "  Bridesmaids , " a raucous , raunchy comedy that launched Kristen Wiig  and co-star Melissa McCarthy  into Hollywood 's stratosphere . Fresh off the success of "  Identity Thief " earlier this year , McCarthy is back again as an unconventional , unpredictable , anything-but-by-the-book police officer in "  The Heat , " which reunites her with "  Bridesmaids " director Paul Feig . The film , in theaters on Friday , co-stars Sandra Bullock  who has done her own wedding movie , "  The Proposal "  , and the two of them are an extremely rare thing to see on the big screen : two female cops . Over the years , we 've seen any number of "  buddy cop " movies  see the gallery above  , but they 've almost exclusively been about two men  "  Training Day " is even referenced by name in the movie  . Once again , Feig and McCarthy are tweaking an established movie genre . CNN recently spoke with Feig about the new movie , and what genre he hopes to tackle next . CNN : What attracted you to the script ? Feig : I wanted to do a follow-up to "  Bridesmaids " in the same tone that allowed me to do the same style of comedy I wanted to do , and I wanted to work with funny women again . This thing just showed up at my house one day , a script was sent to me . It was called "  The Untitled Female Buddy Cop Comedy . " That 's about as perfect as it gets ! I 'd always wanted to do action comedy . It just felt like the perfect mesh of the kind of movie I wanted to do , and getting to do it with funny women . I was reading it on a plane , laughing the whole time . I heard that Sandra Bullock was interested in one of the roles , which was exciting . I 'd always wanted to work with her . The minute I started to read it , it was obvious the other role was so perfect for Melissa . It came together fast -- eight weeks after I read the script , we were shooting the movie . Box office battle : ` The Heat ' vs. ` White House Down ' CNN : So you had Melissa in mind right away ? Feig : We tried to figure out something to do together after "  Bridesmaids . " I was really bummed when she got hired on "  Identity Thief . " I was sad because I wanted to make a movie with her that summer . Two weeks after she left to make "  Identity Thief , " that script came in . I went into overdrive and called her people -- I had to make it happen . We actually jammed all her stuff with Sandra into a five or six week period , before she had to return to "  Mike and Molly . " Then we shot Sandra 's solo stuff . Melissa had to fly back and forth the last three weeks to shoot with us . She was absolutely exhausted at the end , but you ca n't tell on screen . She just nailed it . CNN : How did Sandra fit into that dynamic on set ? Feig : First of all , she 's a great comedy fan and a talented actress -- having won an Oscar and all that . She had n't done a lot of improv , and we like to play loose on our set . She got into it pretty quickly . In rehearsal and improv sessions with her and Melissa , we got to see her instincts for playing the character , and adjust the script so she slipped pretty easily into that character . This was like doing an exhibition match between two of the world 's greatest tennis players , thinking : ` Wow , they do n't miss , ' wondering how long this can go on . I just sat on the set , saying : ` Wow , this is cool , ' and got out of their way . CNN : You 've done the teen show  Feig created the cult series "  Freaks and Geeks "  and the wedding movie , and now you have the buddy cop movie . Have you always tried to tweak established genres ? Feig : I like familiar genres -- storytelling is really all about execution . I 'm not a guy who 's like , ' I want to come up with this amazing thing that no one 's ever seen . ' I like the comfort of a familiar story because then you can play within it and surprise people with the way you do it . CNN : What did you see in previous buddy cop films that you wanted to play with here ? Feig : Katie  Dippold , the screenwriter  was originally inspired by movies like "  Running Scared , " where these guys riding around with hot girls on the back of their mopeds -- thinking : ` That 's not fair , why ca n't women have that kind of life ? ' At the same time , she wrote it from a woman 's perspective . What I like is how germane it is to two women at a workplace . What we did n't want was a movie with two guys and saying : ` Let 's put two women in here . ' We did n't want women acting like guys . What drew me to this was two ultra-professional women who were good at their jobs and loved their jobs , and because of that , they have n't compromised in any other area of their life . So they need a friend -- I like stories about smart , professional women . My wife has at times struggled to find a true best female friend . The idea of trying to find a perfect friend is a pretty universal idea . Review : ` The Heat ' CNN : Every so often , someone  most recently , Jerry Lewis  will make a statement that women can not or should not do comedy . What do you say to that ? Feig : It 's the most ridiculous statement you can make in the world , about that . It 's obviously made by people who do n't hang out with funny women . All I 've known in my life are women who make me laugh . Women very often make me laugh more than men . Women 's comedy is n't as aggressive as a comedy of men -- which can be a lot of insults , put-downs and verbal punching of each other . That stuff 's very funny -- "  This is the End " is one of the funniest movies I 've ever seen , I love that stuff . But it 's just not where my skill set is -- I 'm much more feminine in my comedic likes and dislikes . I had a lot of bullies growing up , and I was always running to my female friends and thinking let 's just make each other laugh and ignore those guys CNN : There was a recent controversy about a UK poster for the movie , which apparently Photoshopped Melissa McCarthy 's image . Any thoughts on that ? Feig : I have very little to do with the marketing and even less to do with the international marketing . It 's a drag because I love Melissa the way she is , so that 's the only way I ever want to see her . CNN : Will "  Freaks and Geeks " or "  Bridesmaids " fans see any familiar faces in "  The Heat ? " Feig : Tom Wilson , who played "  Coach Fredricks " will pop up in the film and he 's so great . "  Stove , " the air marshal has a small cameo , which made me very happy . I really tried to stack this with people I 've worked with . Zach Woods from "  The Office " is there , and Tony Hale from "  Arrested Development " has a very funny scene at the beginning . CNN : What 's next for you ? Feig : I wrote this female spy comedy , sort of a female James Bond thing that I 'm putting together right now . I 'm just trying to figure out who our cast is . I 'm hoping that 's the next thing I do , but I 'm also developing more things . I 've got a deal with Fox developing movies for them which is really exciting . Hopefully most of it will be with strong female leads because I love working with the funny ladies . I 'll try to keep that up as much as I can .	After redefining the wedding movie with "  Bridesmaids , " director Paul Feig is back with "  The Heat , " a female buddy cop comedy Melissa McCarthy reunites with Feig Feig calls statements that women are n't funny "  ridiculous " Next up , Feig is working on a "  female James Bond " movie
CNN  -- A broken-down freighter and its tow ship finally reached safety in Dutch Harbor , Alaska , on Tuesday afternoon , according to the U.S. Coast Guard . Chief Petty Officer Dana Warr said Monday the disabled Golden Seas and the tow vessel Tor Viking II had to travel about 150 nautical miles  172 miles  despite being just 30 miles south of the harbor as of Monday afternoon . That 's because the ships had to pass through a safe shipping lane that required them to travel northeast , then cut back west and ultimately south before entering the harbor , Warr said . The captain of the tug boat decided to take a longer route because of the rough seas , including up to 25 - foot waves . The 738-foot Golden Seas was traveling from Vancouver , British Columbia , to the United Arab Emirates when it suffered engine trouble Friday morning off Alaska 's remote Aleutian Islands . The vessel was unable to power through rough waves and was in danger of running aground . The ship is carrying canola seed used for making canola oil as well as more than 450,000 gallons of crude oil , 11,700 gallons of diesel fuel and 10,000 gallons of lube oil . It is owned by the Greek company Allseas Marine . According to a situation report released Monday from the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation , several islands along the Golden Seas ' route to Dutch Harbor "  may be vulnerable to a potential spill , " but no spill has occurred . The Tor Viking II reached the ship on Saturday and began towing it toward Dutch Harbor . CNN 's Rick Martin and Michael Martinez contibuted to this report .	NEW : Disabled cargo ship and tow boat take long route to harbor because of rough seas The 738-foot Golden Seas freighter is carrying canola seeds , oil and diesel Ship 's engine failed while traveling from Vancouver , Canada , to United Arab Emirates
Waltham , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Mitt Romney has pledged to repeal President Obama 's universal health care law if he is elected president . Critics find his position rather strange , arguing that the plan he helped develop when he was governor of Massachusetts is quite similar in design to the Obama plan . Romney disputes his critics , saying there are important and fundamental differences between the plans . Who is correct ? In actuality , both plans draw extensively from legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974 . In a book just published , "  Power , Politics , and Universal Health Care , " David Shactman and I explain how Romney and Obama used the same approach as Nixon to lower the number of uninsured . All three built their system on private , employer-sponsored insurance in which all but the smallest employers had to provide insurance to their workers or pay a penalty . All utilized Medicare to insure the elderly and an expanded Medicaid-type program to insure the poor . All provided subsidies to low-income individuals and small employers . The Romney and Obama plans created state-based private insurance exchanges to make insurance more accessible and affordable to small business and individuals . President Obama has been heavily criticized by conservatives because his plan includes a mandate for all individuals to have insurance or pay a penalty . Romney , too , has joined those criticizing the president , yet his plan in Massachusetts included just such a mandate . This idea was originally proposed by conservative groups as a measure of personal responsibility and an alternative to a single-payer system advocated by many progressive organizations . Romney believes it is alright to have a state require all to have coverage but that it can not be mandated by the federal government . Romney contends the Massachusetts plan required no new funding , whereas the Obama law calls for nearly a trillion dollars in increased taxes and cuts in projected Medicare spending over 10 years . What Romney does n't say is that the Massachusetts plan is partly funded with earmarked federal dollars and partly with state funds generated by a tax increase previously enacted to pay for a universal coverage plan that was never implemented . Unfortunately for Obama , there was no larger entity to support his plan . He had to pay for his plan with new federal monies and cuts in future federal spending . Although the federal government will assume a greater proportion of health spending , total health spending in the United States is projected to increase only 2 % more by 2019 under the Obama plan than it would have otherwise . As with the Nixon proposal , neither Romney nor Obama decided to include significant measures to reduce health care costs . Although both were criticized , I believe that was a sound political decision that allowed all the major health groups to support both plans . President Clinton 's health plan drew strong opposition from many stakeholders because it included a tight spending budget . Under Obama 's plan , hospitals , insurers and drug companies agreed to modest cuts in future revenues or rate increases , because all expected increased revenues from the millions of newly insured Americans . Both Obama and Romney expected that constraining health costs would be necessary in future years . A complete review of the two plans should acknowledge that the Obama plan includes many components not in the Massachusetts legislation . The most controversial are a board appointed to control Medicare spending and a requirement that insurance companies spend a minimum percentage of their revenues on direct patient care . The plan also includes a number of provisions to reform Medicare and Medicaid , and an extensive list of new delivery system approaches to be tested with federal pilot and demonstration programs . Important as these components may be , they are not part of the basic framework of the plan . After comparing the Romney and Obama plans , it is clear that the similarities far outweigh the differences . Romney could argue , however , that Obama did n't use the Massachusetts plan as a model but rather drew on the proposal put forth by Richard Nixon almost 40 years earlier . Romney 's plan worked for Massachusetts , reducing its uninsured rate to the lowest in the country . Although the legislation did not put a brake on rising health care costs , there is some evidence it did reduce its rate of growth compared to other parts of the country . Health insurance premiums have traditionally been higher in Massachusetts than in the rest of the United States . The gap , however , has narrowed somewhat as premium growth between 2006 and 2010 in the United States grew by an average yearly rate of 5.1 % while in Massachusetts the average growth was 4.4 % . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stuart Altman .	Romney promises to repeal Obama health care plan , yet critics find links between two Stuart Altman says both plans had their basis in Richard Nixon 's health care plan All three plans built on private , employer sponsored health insurance Romney , Obama plans do n't significantly restrain costs , he says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Imagine the Batmobile busting bad guys in Bismarck , North Dakota , or "  Knight Rider 's " KITT corralling criminals on the Pennsylvania Turnpike . Carbon Motors Corp. 's E7 concept vehicle was on display recently near the U.S. Capitol . Carbon Motors Corp. 's new high-tech cop car prototype might not be quite up to superhero specs , but some police say it could be a welcome addition to their arsenal . "  I do n't see any downside to this car , " said Carl Latorre , a Pennsylvania State Police dispatcher who served 35 years as a Philadelphia police officer . "  I am so excited about this car . This car rates up there with cops carrying automatic weapons to combat what the criminals carry now . It 's about time that something like this came about . " OK , so it does n't have a nanotech cloaking capability or rocket boosters , but every feature on the Carbon E7 concept vehicle draws on suggestions from more than 3,000 law enforcement professionals . The result is a futuristic prowler with a 300-horsepower clean diesel engine , flashing lights visible from all angles , an ergonomic cockpit , an onboard computer with voice command and instant license plate recognition , integrated shotgun mounts , and more .  Weapons of mass destruction detectors are available as an option -- seriously .  See how the E7 stacks up against KITT and the Dark Knight 's Tumbler " The E7 was designed by cops for cops , breaking the tradition of recruiting family sedans into the force , company co-founder Stacy Dean Stephens said . "  The current vehicles that they  police departments  use were designed for driving around , going to the grocery store , taking kids to school -- things like that , " Stephens said . "  You do n't have an engineer sitting at one of the other automakers who says , ` Y' know , I think what we need to do is we need to take this car , and we need to run into a curb at 50 miles an hour and see how many times it takes before the wheels and the suspension fails on it . " The rear passenger compartment alone is enough to make experienced cops get teary-eyed . The rear-hinged "  suicide doors " make it easier for handcuffed passengers to get in and out , and the seat is designed so "  guests " can ride comfortably with their hands cuffed behind their backs . For officer safety , Latorre likes how the seat belts are anchored in the center of the seat and buckle near the door so the officer does n't have to lean across the prisoner . "  When you put a prisoner in the back seat , you 're supposed to strap him in , " Latorre said . "  Nowadays , you have to make sure your gun is n't going close to his hands , and how are you going to strap somebody in doing that ? " Perhaps most popular among cops is the rear compartment , which is sealed off from the front and made entirely of seamless , washable plastic , with drain plugs in the floor . "  Numerous times I 've had less than pleasant experience " with prisoners vomiting or relieving themselves in the back seat , said Stephens , a former Texas police officer . The seat innovations are up front , too , where the seats have recesses to accommodate officers ' bulky gun belts . "  The front seat -- I could n't believe the front seat . They thought of everything , " Latorre said . "  You do n't know how difficult it is to get out of a car . The first thing you 've got to do is adjust your gun belt . The gun belt should n't be a problem . " The E7 can go 0 to 60 mph in 6.5 seconds , has a top speed of 155 mph and can withstand a 75-mph rear impact , according to the company 's Web site . It has bullet-resistant panels in the doors and dash and has push bumpers incorporated into the aluminum frame . The upper flashing lights are integrated into the roof panel , eliminating the need for a bolted-on light bar that causes aerodynamic drag -- reducing fuel economy -- and can lead to rust . Watch police check out the car and hear the engine growl " Despite the technological "  wow " factor and officer enthusiasm , the E7 could prove to be a tough sell . "  The people are very intelligent and smart that are setting this up , " said Lt. Michael Arnold , fleet manager of the Bismarck , North Dakota , police department . "  What scares me is they do n't give you a price . " Company officials say the price -- possibly around $ 50,000 per unit -- will be "  competitive " considering the cost of equipping a conventional car for police work and how long each vehicle lasts . The Carbon E7 will be built to last 250,000 miles , compared with 75,000 to 120,000 miles for the typical patrol car , Stephens said . "  When it 's all said and done it 's a matter of how much it costs per mile , " said Bismarck Deputy Chief Fred Wooten . Regardless of how good it looks on paper , a state or big-city agency wo n't be willing to take a chance on a vehicle with no track record , said Detective Mary Wheat , spokesperson for the Portland , Oregon , police department . "  If they do cost $ 50,000 , nobody 's going to buy them , " Wheat said . "  Nobody 's going to buy them . No , police agencies ca n't afford $ 50,000 cars . We have huge fleets of cars . We have hundreds of them ; hundreds and hundreds of cars . And we turn them over . I mean , we ride them hard . Those cars are used on a 24-hour basis . That would n't work . " But municipalities do n't balk at paying large sums for other purpose-built vehicles such as firetrucks and ambulances , countered Latorre , the Pennsylvania officer . "  They do n't say , ` Oh , here 's a box truck ; go fight fires with it ' or ` Here 's an E-250 cargo van ; go pick up patients with it , ' do they ? , " he said . "  So I do n't see why the municipality would n't say , ` You know what ? This -LSB- police car -RSB- is nothing but a plus for us . ' " The company , based in Atlanta , Georgia , does n't yet have a factory , but has named five states where it could locate : Georgia , Indiana , Michigan , North Carolina and South Carolina . Production is scheduled to begin in 2012 , Stephens said . Carbon does n't expect to take over the market quickly , instead counting on a few "  early adopters " willing to take a risk on a few vehicles and work out the kinks to everyone else 's satisfaction , Stephens said . Hundreds of agencies already have made online reservations for thousands of Carbon Motors vehicles , putting the company "  very well on our way to selling out our first year , " he said . Wheat praised the Carbon team 's entrepreneurship and suggested the company market its car first in smaller towns with less red tape and simpler bidding processes . That works for Wooten , the deputy chief in Bismarck . "  We 'll be more than happy to field test one , " he offered . "  If it works as advertised , we 'll probably have a fleet of them someday . "	Carbon Motors ' E7 prototype is not your father 's Crown Victoria Vehicle designed bumper to bumper by cops , for cops Car features high-performance engine , integrated gadgets , ergonomic cockpit Whether governments will buy it is the big unanswered question
CNN  FIFA president Sepp Blatter and the head of the Confederation of African Football Issa Hayatou have slammed the "  western media " over their reporting of the crowd violence that marred Thursday 's Africa Cup of Nations semifinal between Ghana and hosts Equatorial Guinea . Thursday 's game saw home fans pelting Ghana 's players and supporters with bottles , rocks , broken glass and cutlery after Equatorial Guinea conceded two quick first half goals . The game resumed in the second half but was halted after further violence directed at Ghana 's supporters . According to eye witnesses the security situation was sufficiently dire that a helicopter was deployed to hover low over the stadium and scatter the rioting fans . There were reports of further riots in the streets around the stadium . Several Ghanaian supporters were also injured during the violence . One Ghanaian football official described the scene as being like a "  warzone . " Chaos "  In front of me was utter chaos -- angry , screaming fans . But there were scared , scurrying fans , too , " recalled Gary Al Smith , a Ghanaian football journalist who was in the stadium at the time . "  I 've never played in front of anything like that and I 'd like to say sorry on behalf of my team , " said Equatorial Guinea 's star player Emilio Nsue after the match was restarted and his team had lost 3-0 . "  It was an odd experience -- one I 've never felt before . " Yet on the eve of the final , Blatter and Hayatou held a press conference where they blamed western journalists for making the violence sound worse than it was . "  When something bad happens in Europe , they say it 's an error . When something happens in Africa , they begin talking about corruption , " Hayatou said , before adding that he believed "  the western media are simply here to perpetuate colonization . " Blatter , who will fight a FIFA presidential election in May and is relying on African votes to secure another term of office , later seemed to endorse those remarks . "  The media can play a role , must play a role , but they must play a role where the notions of respect and fair play are the basics , " Blatter said . "  Today the world opens the newspapers , watches television , and sees only murders and killing , " he added . "  We never talk about princesses marrying any more . " Blatter went on to congratulate Equatorial Guinea 's hosting of the tournament . The tiny oil rich nation , which has been severely criticized over its human rights record , stepped in at the last moment after Morocco pulled out citing fears about the spread of the Ebola virus . Equatorial Guinea had been fined close to $ 100,000 over the violence and ordered to pay the expenses of the 36 injured Ghanaian fans . Third place Saturday saw another potential flashpoint pass without incident . The Democratic Republic of Congo beat Equatorial Guinea on penalties in the third place play off after the two teams played out a 0-0 draw . Before the game several players had suggested that the tie should be played behind closed doors with no supporters . One player , Democratic Republic of Congo defender Gabriel Zakuani , even suggested forfeiting the match altogether . "  If they 're throwing this at players , Eq Guinea , you can have 3rd place , " he tweeted after the incident , alongside a picture of some of the objects that had been thrown from the stands . "  I love football but prefer to live . #AFCON2015 . " In the end the match took place under tight security with barely 500 supporters in the stadium . All eyes will now be on Sunday 's showpiece final , which will again take place in Bata . Meanwhile , journalists covering the event have reacted incredulously to Hayatou and Blatter 's remarks . . "  Blatter 's got me bang to rights , " tweeted British football journalist Jonathan Wilson . "  I for one am ashamed I reported the trouble I witnessed in Malabo rather than seeking a marrying princess . "	CAF chief Issa Hayatou slams "  western media " reports of AFCoN violence Dozens hurt during rioting at match on Thursday Final between Ghana and Ivory Coast takes place Sunday
CNN  -- The hefty last meal ordered but not eaten by an executed Texas inmate brought a complaint from a state senator and the end Thursday to the practice of special menus . Sen. John Whitmire , chairman of the Senate Criminal Justice Committee , wrote Thursday that he opposed the practice of providing a last meal of choice to the condemned . "  It is extremely inappropriate to give a person sentenced to death such a privilege . One which the perpetrator did not provide to their victim , " Whitmire wrote . The Democrat , who represents Houston and parts of north Harris County , said "  enough is enough " after Lawrence Russell Brewer ordered two chicken fried steaks smothered in gravy with sliced onions , a triple-meat bacon cheeseburger , a cheese omelet with other ingredients , a large bowl of fried okra with ketchup , three fajitas , a pint of Blue Bell ice cream and a pound of barbecue with a half-loaf of white bread . The meal request also included a slab of peanut butter fudge with crushed peanuts , a pizza and three root beers . Brewer declined to eat the last meal Wednesday , said Texas Department of Criminal Justice spokesman Jason Clark . Whitmire , in asking the state to stop special requests , said he would seek the change by law if necessary . "  I believe Senator Whitmire 's concerns regarding the practice of allowing death row offenders to choose their last meal are valid , " Brad Livingston , executive director of the Department of Criminal Justice , said in statement released Thursday . "  Effective immediately , no such accommodations will be made . They will receive the same meal served to other offenders on the unit . " Brewer , 44 , was executed for his involvement in the infamous racially motivated 1998 dragging death of James Byrd Jr. . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Lawrence Russell Brewer ordered extensive last meal and did n't eat it State senator said allowing such a request was "  ridiculous " Chief of criminal justice department orders change to protocol Brewer was executed for the 1998 dragging death of James Byrd Jr. .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Would you be offended if your boss got your name wrong ? Maybe . Would you want to leave your job ? Maybe not . Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson gave David Beckham the boot after a defeat to Arsenal in 2003 . But if you 're already unhappy , like Charles N'Zogbia , being called "  Insomnia " by a no-nonsense and unapologetic Joe Kinnear was the last straw . The winger got his wish to leave Newcastle granted in the January transfer window by moving to Wigan , prompting a war of words between the pair . "  When you hear the manager say something like this about you , then you know he does n't respect you , " said the Frenchman . "  If he does n't respect you , what 's the point of playing for him ? Newcastle 's veteran boss hit back at the 22-year-old , who had refused to play for the club again under Kinnear , for "  living in a fantasy land . " "  There was not a day when he did n't have some Mickey Mouse story about a club that wanted him , " Kinnear said . "  First it was Arsenal , then Manchester United , then Real Madrid , then Aston Villa and Lyon . I think he needed bringing down to earth and I can assure you nobody tried to stop him going . " The N'Zogbia - Kinnear feud is the latest in a long line of players and managers falling out at club level . Football Fanzone picks out some of most memorable from the last 10 years . Do you agree with our selection ? Have your say in the Sound Off box . Davor Suker vs John Toshack , 1999 Suker had been the World Cup 's leading scorer for Croatia in 1998 and was still one of Europe 's top marksmen when he had his falling-out with Real Madrid boss Toshack . Reports suggested Suker had been highly critical of Toshack , particularly the Welshman 's transfer dealings at the Bernabeu . The club suspended him without pay . Suker conducted a strange clear-the-air-by-blaming-the-media press conference , throughout which he referred to himself in the third person . But he had signed his own death warrant at Real and was sold to Arsenal in the summer of 1999 . Alan Shearer vs Ruud Gullit , 1999 More often than not , when a manager 's relationship with a player breaks down irreparably it 's the player who loses out . Not when the club is Newcastle and the player is Alan Shearer . Gullit had arrived at Newcastle promising "  sexy football " but his team were n't even able to flirt with good results . When Gullit dropped Shearer for the local derby with rivals Sunderland , it was considered a bold decision ; when Sunderland ended up winning the game , it was considered a stupid one . Shearer , loved by the Toon fans , was going nowhere and made his feelings about the dreadlocked Dutch coach clear . Gullit was sacked shortly after , but still found time to criticize Shearer , saying : "  I told him to his face he was the most overrated player I have ever seen . " Jaap Stam vs Sir Alex Ferguson , 2001 Stam had proved himself to be one of Europe 's top center-backs , with three Premier League titles and a European Cup in his three years at Manchester United . But an ill-advised autobiography in the summer of 2001 , from which dressing room secrets and criticisms of the Neville brothers emerged , enraged Ferguson . Stam might have been indispensable to the Old Trafford faithful , but not the combustible Scot who promptly sold the Dutchman in the autumn to Lazio . United shipped goals thereafter . Robbie Fowler vs Gerard Houllier , 2002 The seeds of Fowler 's 2002 exit from Liverpool were sown three years earlier in the infamous ` line-sniffing ' goal celebration , which left Houllier irate . The Frenchman had already broken the club 's transfer record for Emile Heskey to partner Michael Owen in attack , leaving fans ' favorite Fowler as the odd one out . Player and manager had already been at odds over team selection when Fowler was left out of the squad for the start of the 2001-02 Premiership season after kicking a ball at assistant manager Phil Thompson during training . Fowler , becalmed by injuries but still a deadly finisher , eventually apologized but the damage was done and he was sold to Leeds in November 2002 . David Beckham vs Sir Alex Ferguson , 2003 Ferguson was concerned his protégé Beckham was spending too much time indulging in the celebrity lifestyle flaunted by his high-profile wife , Victoria . The England captain 's Manchester United form had not dipped alarmingly but Ferguson still wielded the axe -- or , indeed , the boot . An argument between the two erupted in the Old Trafford dressing room after a defeat to arch-foes Arsenal , and Beckham took a boot in the face from a furious Ferguson . The cut forehead healed but the rift did n't and the England captain left for Real Madrid that summer . Wayne Rooney vs David Moyes , 2006 Rooney had already secured his move away from Everton by the time he had his spat with Moyes , his former boss at Goodison Park . Rooney 's 2006 autobiography revealed how he believed Moyes was jealous of his success and that the new Manchester United forward "  would have gone anywhere to get away from him " -- including signing for Newcastle . Moyes took umbrage and then took Rooney to court , winning a substantial payout from the England star . Andriy Shevchenko vs Jose Mourinho , 2007 When you 're one of the world 's most feared forwards and you 've just been signed for an eye-watering $ 45m , the expectation is you 'll score goals . Shevchenko , though , turned 30 shortly after arriving at Chelsea -- but played as if he 'd just turned 40 . Mourinho never wanted the Ukrainian in the first place  he 'd been bought by club owner and Shevchenko 's friend Roman Abramovich  , but after months of heavy-legged displays , the goal-shy striker saw fewer and fewer first-team minutes . Mourinho lost the power struggle with Abramovich when he was sacked in September 2007 , and Shevchenko did n't last much longer at Stamford Bridge . Gordon Strachan vs Aiden McGeady , 2008 McGeady has long been one of those Celtic players you expect to be whisked away following a big-money offer . He is still there -- just . McGeady 's departure from the club looked assured when he was banned from training for two weeks and heavily fined after a launching into a dressing-room tirade at Strachan . A home draw to Hearts led to Strachan tearing into the Irishman after the match and McGeady responded with personal abuse . McGeady has since returned to the Bhoys ' starting XI but Scotland 's player of the year and young player of the year for 2008 is drinking in the last-chance saloon at Celtic Park .	Some of football 's biggest names have rowed with their managers Football Fanzone has listed some of the most memorable spats since 1999 Do you agree with the list ? Have your say in the sound off box below .
CNN  A little more than a decade ago , Idaho high school running back Tyler Wright was scoring touchdowns for the Boise High Braves . On Sunday , he 'll pilot an Army helicopter over the NFL world championship . "  I ca n't believe my son is flying over the Super Bowl , " RaeAnn "  Annie " Smith told CNN on the phone from her home . You can understand why she 's so excited . Around kickoff time , when opera star soprano Renée Fleming sings " ... And the home of the brave ... " 80,000 fans in the stands -- and millions more on TV -- will watch Wright and his eight fellow pilots soar high over East Rutherford , New Jersey 's , MetLife Stadium . Does anyone you know ever get a chance to do that ? Probably not . "  It 's a once in a lifetime career opportunity that you get to do this , " Wright said in a phone call Friday with CNN . A bit of advice : Do n't blink on Sunday , or you might miss them and their amazing military hardware . You 'll see a V-shaped wedge formation of three workhorse Black Hawks , three Apache attack helicopters and three Chinook heavy-lifters -- those are the big choppers with the double rotors whirling on top . Total cost , the Pentagon tells CNN : about $ 100,000 . Military flyovers at the Super Bowl have been around a while . The first was at 1968 's Super Bowl II , when Air Force jets thrilled spectators at Miami 's Orange Bowl . Related : Unpublished photos of Super Bowl I Wright , like his eight comrades , has paid some dues to get here , ending up with a tour in Afghanistan . His journey started as a boy , dreaming of piloting aircraft . But at first Wright chose a more conventional path , considering a career as a veterinarian and then a pharmacist . He did stints at two universities , but it was no use . As his mom put it , "  The flying thing just bit him . " Wright first soloed in a small plane in 2008 and then enrolled in commercial flight school . That meant packing up a car with his wife and young daughter and driving 2,500 miles to Florida . After graduation Wright chose military service over an airline job . "  He loves his country , and he wanted to serve , " his mom said . In 2012 , Wright left his then-pregnant wife and 7-year-old daughter behind to join the war in Afghanistan . Turns out , Wright was really good at flying Black Hawks , his mom said . "  I love helicopters , " Wright said . "  And I like the versatility of the Black Hawk , " especially hauling supplies and soldiers in and out of combat zones with the 101st Airborne Combat Aviation Brigade . As he put it , moving the "  bullets and beans ... and troops . " Flying a chopper in a war zone got a little hairy at times for some of the pilots in the unit , Wright said , but , "  we knew what to do and how to react . " When Wright 's tour ended last May , he returned to his base at Fort Campbell , Kentucky -- and a newborn son . One night recently , Wright 's mother was working her part-time second job at a department store , when her cell phone rang . "  Tyler said , ` Mom , I 'm calling to give you some good news ... I 'm going to fly my Black Hawk over the Super Bowl . ' I thought he was kind of teasing . I said , ` Seriously , Tyler ? ' Yep . " The band of brothers who 'll be flying Sunday are all friends -- a really tight-knit group , said Wright , part of Bravo Company 5-101 , "  The Lancers . " Last year at this time , some of them were watching the Super Bowl on TV half a world away . Now they 're among the stars of the show . So , how does a military flyover at a football stadium work , exactly ? Well , it 's tricky , especially in the New York metro area , which is the busiest aviation corridor in the nation . Normally pilots flying in the region have to be aware of traffic from multiple airports , including Newark Liberty airport south of the stadium and Teterboro airport , which is north . Let 's not forget the traffic from JFK and LaGuardia . But hey , this is the SUPER BOWL . Special privileges apply . Basically the Federal Aviation Administration has cleared the airspace on Sunday . Traffic : not a problem . Check . Next , good pilots always keep an eye on the weather . Wright 's no different . The game-time forecast calls for west to northwesterly winds at 10 mph with temperatures in the upper 30s or low 40s . Although there 's a slight chance of light rain , Wright is confident conditions should be good enough to get the job done . Check . Then the hardest part : Wright and his fellow pilots have to time their flyover to the second . The mission : Soar across the stadium during the final note of the "  Star Spangled Banner . " Beginning at a holding area , Wright and his fellow pilots coordinate via radio with controllers on the ground . They know exactly how long it will take for them to reach their destination . In the military the procedure is called "  time on target " -- aka T.O.T. It 's all part of the job of being a military pilot . That 's just what we do , Wright said , "  be at a specific place at a specific time . " Come flyover time -- back in Boise -- Wright 's friends and family plan to be watching . And cheering . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Sunday 's Super Bowl flyover price tag : about $ 100,000 9 Army helicopters will soar over New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium Pilot explains how military aviators fly over arenas with split-second timing Flyover includes three types of choppers : Black Hawks , Chinooks and Apaches
CNN  -- The United States and its allies face a variety of risks in taking direct military action against Syria over allegations that it used chemical weapons against civilians , including more poison gas attacks and retaliation against American interests . Those warnings come from experts in chemical weapons and veteran Middle East analysts , some of whom say Washington faces no good choices in confronting embattled Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad . Missile strikes on Syrian military command bunkers , airfields or the artillery batteries and rocket launchers used to fire chemical projectiles are among the options U.S. officials say are under consideration . But there is no indication that the missiles would target stockpiles of chemical weapons -- something Hamish de Bretton-Gordon , a former commander of the British military 's chemical defense regiment , called "  the worst possible option . " Syria : How did we get here ? "  If the missile and the explosive are big enough , they will , of course , destroy it , " de Bretton-Gordon said . "  However , there will be a downwind hazard , and those people in the vicinity -- and it 's very difficult to say how far , but certainly a kilometer or so -- are likely going to suffer and become casualties from the fallout of those exploding chemical weapons . " And any attack on Syria might encourage al-Assad to order more chemical attacks on rebel forces and civilians in opposition-held areas , said Amy Smithson , a researcher at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies in Washington . Syria ' a 10-year issue , ' U.S. general says "  Not doing anything tells Assad he 's not going to get punished , go out and use the chemicals , " said Smithson , who has studied chemical and biological weapons for two decades . "  Striking the chemical sites presents a very real risk of releasing toxic chemicals over nearby civilian populations . Not striking the chemical sites leaves Assad with potent weapons in his hands that he 's shown he 's willing to use . " Striking other military targets leaves "  a very ticked-off despot that is now perhaps even more tempted to use his chemical arsenal , " she said . "  He 's already been punished for it . " That might convince al-Assad to go out "  in a blaze of glory -- or in this case , infamy . " ` Red line ' debate : Are chemical weapons worse than attacks ? Juan Cole , a professor of Middle Eastern history at the University of Michigan , said the kind of intervention being discussed is n't likely to affect the balance of power in the 2-year-old Syrian conflict beyond providing a psychological boost to the rebels , who have suffered battlefield setbacks over the summer . "  This is more about Washington saving face , it seems to me , than it is a consequential intervention in the Syrian conflict , " Cole said , adding , "  When you 're in a position where it is assumed that the United States must do something , a couple of Tomahawks make a statement . " The war "  is being fought in alleyways and at close quarters , with artillery and tanks inside cities , " he said . Missile strikes from distant warships or aircraft would n't be able to knock out enough of those weapons to make a difference without inflicting extensive civilian losses , he said . Opinion : Syria ' a problem from hell ' Syria has admitted to possessing chemical weapons but has denied using them , saying its troops were the victims of rebel attacks . U.N. inspectors are now in Syria to investigate whether the reported deaths of hundreds of people outside Damascus a week ago was the result of a chemical attack . But U.S. Vice President Joe Biden said Tuesday there was "  no doubt " government troops used chemical weapons on civilians . The United States has already demanded that al-Assad cede power and is supporting Syria 's opposition , but the possible American strikes are not about removing him , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . "  They are about responding to a clear violation of an international standard that prohibits the use of chemical weapons , " Carney said . Opinion : Why Western intervention in Syria will leave chaos Syria 's civil war is already spilling over the borders of its neighbors in the form of bombings and refugees and is widely seen as a proxy war among different regional powers . Cole said al-Assad 's government might try to strike back by targeting American military , diplomatic or commercial interests in the Middle East , perhaps employing its allies in the Lebanese militia Hezbollah -- which has a long and bloody track record targeting Americans during Lebanon 's long civil war . "  If Washington bombs things in Syria , I would n't want to be an American in Beirut within reaching distance of Hezbollah , " he said . "  You could see a return to 1980s types of things happening , when our embassy was blown up in Beirut and our CIA station chief was kidnapped and killed in the woods . " Both de Bretton-Gordon and Smithson said a better course of action might be to start supplying Syrians with the means to defend themselves against chemical attack . That means distributing masks , detectors and drugs used to treat patients exposed to nerve gas and training Syrians how to use them . What justifies intervening if Syria uses chemical weapons ? Smithson said those supplies and training could be provided by numerous countries , whose militaries are trained in chemical defense , and rushed into the field by aid agencies and opposition groups , possibly via neighboring Turkey . It could be done "  very quickly and very publicly , " and with broader support from the international community than American airstrikes , she said . "  If the civilian population can be equipped to contend with this , just as they have adjusted their lifestyles to adapt to urban warfare around them , then perhaps that takes away some of the advantage , " she said . "  If your chemical attack does n't have an effect , then why use the weapons ? " Opinion : 5 reasons the U.S. must intervene in Syria	U.S. has few good options in Syria , observers say Chemical weapons experts say send gas masks , not bombs White House : A "  clear violation " of global standards needs a response Strikes are "  more about Washington saving face , " historian says
CNN  -- Vito Maggiolo , an assignment editor in Washington who has been with CNN since the network started in 1980 , was sent to Beijing in the spring of 1989 to help cover the historic visit of Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to China -- like everyone else who was sent to Beijing . Vito Maggiolo  right  argued that a letter requiring CNN to stop broadcasting did not have the correct seal , or "  chop . " "  All of us went to China prepared for and expecting to cover what for us was a fairly routine , scheduled , structured event , " said Maggiolo . "  Then we had this whole event in the square materialize and suddenly ... we found ourselves covering a mini-revolution . " Maggiolo missed the actual crackdown -- his visa had expired so he was pulled out a few days before June 4 -- but what he 'll always be remembered for , he says , is his last-ditch role in the confrontation between CNN and the Chinese authorities that ended with the Chinese halting CNN 's live transmission on the morning of May 20 . Alec Miran , the special events producer for the Gorbachev visit , had been negotiating with the Chinese to try to stay on the air . The entire debate between Miran and the Chinese officials in CNN 's control room , filmed by a CNN production person with a handycam , was broadcast live on the network . "  It was riveting television , " Maggiolo said . Watch the debate between Marin and the Chinese officials in CNN 's control room . " "  Miran was telling them that we had a document that said we could transmit until such and such a time , " Maggiolo recalls . "  He was saying that if that had changed , we needed a new document saying that . The Chinese officials then handwrote the notice on a yellow legal pad . " Then an ABC producer came in , Maggiolo recalls , and read and translated the document . "  He read this document and then there was this moment of silence , " Maggiolo said . "  It was then that I chimed in . ` Excuse me , I said , but this does n't have an official chop on it . China was extremely bureaucratic then . They lived and died by the chop . I was just trying to use their own bureaucracy against them to try and slow things down . " Maggiolo 's so-called "  chop challenge " brought another brief moment of silence before one of the Chinese officials said the document did n't need a chop because it had his signature on it . Watch Maggiolo 's "  chop challenge " to the Chinese authorities " "  It turned out to be a futile effort , " says Maggiolo , "  but I gave it the old college try . " "  That was my 15 seconds of fame , " he says . "  A lot of people who know me remember that -- that I challenged the Chinese . "  Watch the so-called "  chop challenge " to Chinese officials .  See photos of the CNN team in Tiananmen Square in 1989 " Just a few days later , on June 4 , Maggiolo was back in Washington at a D.C. firehouse , where he volunteered , shooting video for the fire and emergency service there . "  We were watching events on television , " he said . "  My heart was just pounding . I knew we had people in the square . " "  I was anguished , " Maggiolo said . "  I just wanted very much to have still been there . " Vito Maggiolo still works as an assignment editor in CNN 's Washington bureau . Daniela Deane was a chief sub-editor at the Reuters news agency in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen crisis	Vito Maggiolo was sent to Beijing to help cover Mikhail Gorbachev 's visit to China "  We found ourselves covering a mini-revolution , " he said When Chinese officials tried to stop CNN broadcasting , he challenged them He argued , without success , that the letter did not have the correct "  chop " or seal
CNN  -- For sale : One million barrels of crude oil . Attractive discount offered . Currently sitting off Moroccan coast . That 's what the Iraqi Kurds are offering potential buyers , much to the fury of the government in Baghdad . It amounts to a declaration of economic independence , fraying the already tattered ties holding Iraq together . Here 's how it works : The Kurdish Regional Government , or KRG , deals with oil exploration companies independent of the central government . Exxon Mobil , Chevron and Total are among the companies working in Iraqi Kurdistan . The crude produced there goes through a pipeline to the Turkish port of Ceyhan in the Mediterranean . Then it 's loaded onto tankers and floats about until it finds a buyer . The proceeds are held in a Turkish bank ; the Kurds say they will take 17 % and the Iraqi government is entitled to the rest . Who are the Iraqi Kurds ? Along with the Shiite Arabs and the Sunni Arabs , the Kurds are one of the three dominant groups in the fractious and diverse nation of Iraq . While most Kurds are Sunnis and a minority are Shiite , they identify first as an ethnic group . They are distinct from Arabs and speak an Iranian language . The Kurdish population numbers 15 % to 20 % of Iraq , which has a population of 32,585,000 , according to an estimate from the CIA World Factbook . There are also large Kurdish populations in the neighboring countries of Iran , Syria and Turkey , with varying levels of independence aspirations . The KRG rules an autonomous region with its own Cabinet , parliament , president and military forces . The region consists of three provinces In Iraq 's north : Irbil , Sulaimaniya , and Duhuk . The Kurds had been oppressed by Iraq 's Saddam Hussein government , but the area has avoided much of the country 's warfare since Hussein 's overthrow in 2003 . Today , Iraqi Kurdistan is regarded as a relatively stable and economically booming Middle East success story , thanks to its oil clout . Scaling up The KRG began exporting small amounts of crude oil in trucks last year , but the pipeline to Ceyhan gives it the opportunity to scale up . Industry sources say more than 100,000 barrels are flowing through the pipeline every day , and more than 2 million barrels are already stored at Ceyhan . Altogether , there may be the equivalent of 45 billion barrels of oil under Kurdish land in Iraq , according to the KRG . Aligning with Israel The most recent buyer appears to be Israeli . Late Friday , the SCF Altai docked at the port of Ashkelon , having taken on a load of Kurdish crude from another tanker in the Mediterranean a week ago . Why Israel ? It 's not clear who the buyer is , or whether the oil changed hands once or more before finding its final destination . But the Israelis may see the Kurds as a natural ally in a region where both feel they are threatened minorities . Problems offloading Another much larger cargo -- said to contain 1 million barrels -- has been at sea for more than a month . According to shipping sources , the United Leadership tanker was at anchor off Casablanca in Morocco late last week , still looking for a buyer . Ship tracking databases had the vessel listed as "  For Orders , " meaning its cargo does not yet have a destination . SEE MAPS : Where ISIS has taken over in Iraq The United Leadership 's limbo suggests that despite reportedly offering big discounts for its crude , the KRG is having problems offloading it . Some buyers are worried about Baghdad 's threat to sue anyone who buys Iraqi oil other than through the state company . The Iraqi government has already blacklisted some agents and importers of Kurdish oil , including the Austrian company OMV . Other buyers Reuters reported earlier this month that Russian oil company Rosneft had bought a cargo of Kurdish crude for a refinery in Germany that it co-owns . Forty one thousand tonnes of oil -- which had been trucked from Kurdistan to Ceyhan -- were carried by the Minerva Antonia tanker to Trieste in Italy and then sent by pipeline to Germany , the agency reported . Turkey says it regards the sales and the use of a Turkish port as legitimate , but also has political interests at stake in a complex regional picture . Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has developed close ties with the Kurdish leadership in Iraq -- partly to dissuade it from making common cause with Turkey 's restive Kurdish minority . Turkey also wants to diversify its sources of energy . It concluded a 50-year deal with the KRG this month  though details of the agreement remain sketchy  . ` Playing with fire ' The Iraqi government has begun legal action against Ankara at the International Court of Arbitration . Iraqi Deputy Prime Minister Hussain al-Shahristani warned Turkey that it was "  playing with fire " and "  plundering Iraq 's wealth . " The United States also opposes the Kurdish sales as a further destabilizing factor in a country at risk of breaking apart . Producing or refining companies working in parts of Iraq still under the control of the central government seem to be avoiding involvement with the Kurds ' unilateral action . Need for cash But the KRG needs cash -- lots of it and quickly -- because negotiations with Baghdad over the Kurds ' share of oil revenues have stalled . It has also borrowed heavily . Its monthly wage bill is more than $ 700 million -- that 's 70 % of the entire budget just going on salaries . And now that its peshmerga forces are fully mobilized in protecting Kurdistan from the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , that spending is likely to rise . According to a recent study by BoA Merrill Lynch , the KRG would need monthly sales from 20 tankers holding a million barrels of oil each to make $ 340 million . Fraught with peril But Denise Natali , senior research fellow at the Institute for National Strategic Studies at the National Defense University in Washington , believes the sales are fraught with peril . "  The key issue is transparency and risk-free exports , " she told CNN . "  If something is legitimate or legal -- as both the Kurds and Turkey claim -- why then does the sale of Kurdish crude remain shrouded in so much mystery and murkiness , with transfers at sea , and buyers and prices not being identified ? " "  Any sales that may eventually occur will still be considered illicit trading by Baghdad ; and that will entail litigation and brings with it reputational damage . " A price As the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in Baghdad tries to stave off advances by ISIS , the Kurds are in a strong bargaining position . Their peshmerga forces have been able to repulse ISIS attempts to infiltrate the Kurdish region -- and might yet help government forces go on the offensive . But there will be a price . Above all , the KRG wants the major city of Kirkuk -- which it now occupies and where Kurds , Turkmen and Sunni all live -- to be recognized as part of the Kurdish autonomous region . The KRG 's President , Masoud Barzani , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that Iraq was "  falling apart ... and it 's obvious that the federal or central government has lost control over everything . " "  And we can not remain hostages of the unknown , " he added . CNN EXCLUSIVE : "  Time is here for self-determination " A new confrontation ? Peshmerga forces last week took control of the Kirkuk oilfield , strengthening the Kurds ' hold over Iraq 's northern oilfields . The Kirkuk oilfield is Iraq 's fourth largest but badly in need of investment . But Natali , who has followed events in Iraq for more than 20 years , says the Kurds ' assertiveness may end up generating a new confrontation . "  Barzani does have leverage over the Maliki government because it is so weak , and the Kurds ' occupation of the Kirkuk fields does strengthen their short-term bargaining position . But such weakness and politically expedient alliances may not last forever , " she says . "  The Maliki government may be replaced by a more inclusive and therefore stronger government in Baghdad , or a Sunni Arab state may emerge on the Kurds ' doorstep that may not be amenable to Kurdish demands . " Relying on Turkey The Kurds are also very reliant on Turkey 's goodwill . "  The Iraqi Kurds are increasingly dependent on Turkey as a conduit for their oil and financing , " Natali told CNN , "  and the close relationship between Barzani and Erdogan is largely responsible for the current arrangement . But some groups in the Turkish parliament and some Iraqi Kurdish politicians have been very critical of this opaque arrangement , " wary of ruining relations with Baghdad and alienating Washington . For now , the Turkish and Kurdish governments appear to feel that the retaliation threatened by Baghdad can be ignored . Turkey 's Energy Ministry said last week it expected another shipment of Kurdish oil to leave Ceyhan soon . According to a ship tracking database , that oil is aboard the 85,000-tonne Greek-registered United Emblem , which left the port at the weekend -- destination unknown . Where is Iraq 's oil ? Western-born jihadists rally to ISIS 's fight in Iraq and Syria Iraqi Kurdish leader : ` We are facing a new reality and a new Iraq '	There may be the equivalent of 45 billion barrels of oil under Kurdish land U.S. opposes sales as a destabilizing factor The Kurdish government needs cash quickly Iraq is "  falling apart , " the region 's President says
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  Bangladesh authorities say they have arrested the prime suspect in the murder of American blogger Avijit Roy who was hacked to death on a Dhaka street last week . The person , Farabi Shafiur Rahman , had called for Avijit Roy 's death in numerous Facebook posts , according to Roy 's parents . And within minutes after the Thursday attack , Rahman posted photos of the crime scene , said Col. Ziaul Ahsan of Bangladesh 's elite anti-crime unit , the Rapid Action Battalion . In a Facebook comment last year , Rahman allegedly wrote , "  Avijit Roy lives in America . So it 's not possible to kill him now . But when he returns home , he will be killed then . " In an earlier post , the same person wrote , "  It 's a Bengali Muslims holy duty to kill Avijit . " Extremists resented Roy for openly and regularly criticizing religion in his blog . They threatened to kill him if he came home from the United States to visit . As usual , Roy defied the threats and departed his home in suburban Atlanta for Dhaka , where he appeared at a speaking engagement about his latest books -- one of them titled "  The Virus of Faith . " He has written seven books in all . Roy was killed Thursday as he walked back from a book fair with his wife . Assailants plunged machetes and knives into Roy and his wife , killing him and leaving her bloodied and missing a finger . Witnesses said no one came to the couple 's aid as they were hacked down . Rahman , the man in custody , also allegedly posted threats against the owner of the online bookstore , Rokomari.com , forcing it to stop selling Roy 's books . And last year , he was detained -- then released -- for comments he allegedly made in support of the death of another blogger , Ahmed Rajib Haider . Like Roy , Haider too was hacked to death . He too had written critically about religion on his blog . CNN 's Ray Sanchez , Lonzo Cook , Greg Botelho , Farid Ahmed and John Couwels contributed to this report .	Police say the suspect posted photos of the crime scene He also threatened Roy in social media posts , his family said
CNN  -- You 've likely heard of a "  flesh-eating bacteria " hitting Florida and other states this summer . While the bacteria are real , public health officials say the "  flesh-eating " part is not . Vibrio vulnificus is a naturally occurring bacterium that lives in warm saltwater and infects humans through the consumption of undercooked shellfish and skin wounds . Four infections have been reported in Texas so far this year , along with 13 in Florida , six in Maryland and 10 in Mississippi . In extreme cases , the bacteria can lead to blood infections  half of which are fatal , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  , possible amputation and blistering skin lesions . Only bacteria classified as group A strep are technically "  flesh-eating , " says Rajal Mody , a medical epidemiologist in the CDC 's Division of Foodborne , Waterborne , and Environmental Diseases . The dozen species of Vibrio bacterium known to cause disease in humans are not in this group but do account for an estimated 80,000 illnesses , 500 hospitalizations and 100 deaths each year in the United States . The difference is that flesh-eating bacteria attack the bands of tissue that surround muscles , nerves , fat and blood vessels . Vibrio vulnificus , on the other hand , gets into the blood stream from either the skin or intestinal tract , and can damage organs and cause skin lesions that may appear similar to the skin damage caused by strep A , Mody says . Vibrio vulnificus multiplies in warmer water temperatures and tends to reach peak levels in midsummer , according to Mody , so the higher bacteria count coincides with the height of beach season . This adds to the public 's fear of the bacteria . After all , no one wants to get a limb amputated while on vacation . "  The important thing to remember is that these infections are rare , " Mody says . The CDC estimates that nationwide there are 95 Vibrio vulnificus cases each year , including 85 hospitalizations and 35 deaths . And typically the bacteria are only a summer health hazard , with 85 % of infections occurring between May and October . Most at risk for severe illness and death from Vibrio vulnificus are people with a weakened immune system or who suffer from chronic liver disease , Mody says . Milder symptoms caused by this bacteria include diarrhea , vomiting and stomach pain . Some people might not show any signs of infection . Two parasites found in contaminated water , Cryptosporidium and Giardia lamblia , can also cause similar symptoms , according to the EPA . Still , shooting that raw oyster or cutting your foot on a shell during your beach vacation should n't be taken lightly . If you experience symptoms a few hours or days after eating shellfish or being exposed to coastal water , seek medical attention immediately . "  Rapid treatment is really critical , " Mody says . "  If someone is eating raw oysters , especially in a high-risk group , or is swimming in the ocean and notices skin lesions that are worsening quickly , it is important to get early treatment . Mortality rates increase if treatment is n't started on the first day of symptoms . " For those concerned about the safety of their summer vacation spot , states that typically report the most infections are Florida , Texas and Maryland . In 2013 , the Florida Department of Health reported 11 deaths and 41 infections . Texas reports 15 to 30 annual cases , while Maryland state officials say they see an average of 25 infections per year . California took action in 2003 to reduce health risks by implementing a regulation to restrict the sale of raw oysters harvested from the Gulf Coast during warmer months when the bacteria count tends to be higher . In a review published in 2013 by CDC and the California Department of Public Health , researchers found that this action was strongly correlated with the reduction of deaths and illness . Mody says based on the data , it can be assumed that oysters harvested in the Gulf of Mexico between April and October have the highest levels of the bacteria . In addition to avoiding raw oysters , the CDC also recommends wearing gloves when handling raw shellfish and thoroughly cooking it , and discarding closed-shell varieties that do n't open after cooking . For visitors to the beach or bay , if you have an open wound or broken skin , avoid exposure to warm salt or brackish water if you 're in a high-risk group . Arkansas girl battles brain-eating amoeba Opinion : Why ` nightmare bacteria ' on the rise After ravages of flesh-eating bacteria , Aimee Copeland uses new bionic hands	Vibrio vulnificus is a naturally occurring bacterium that lives in warm saltwater Infected high-risk groups can experience blistering skin lesions , blood infections , death Although rare , infections need immediate medical attention if symptoms present Cook shellfish properly and avoid going into saltwater with wounds
CNN  -- Walking through an Albuquerque park a passerby made a startling discovery -- a tiny black and lime shoe protruding from beneath the playground sand . Police say this shirt was found on the boy , dubbed "  Baby Justice " or "  Baby Angel . " It led police to the body of a young boy , who had been buried there in a shallow grave less than 48 hours earlier . That was Friday . On Tuesday , police still had no answers as to what happened at Alvarado Park -- or even who the boy was . His name is unknown , though the community has dubbed him "  Baby Justice " or "  Baby Angel . " Nobody in the area has claimed his body and nobody has reported a child of his age missing . Police said they could n't even show a photo or give a sketch of the boy because his body was so disfigured by the sand 's heat . All they have is a description based on how they found him . Police say the Native American or Hispanic boy was between 3 and 5 years old , 38 pounds , 38 inches in height , with brown eyes and dark quarter-inch hair . When he was found , he was wearing Arizona brand clothing , size 3T -- nylon black running pants with red stripes , a red shirt with a monster truck on it and black , gray and lime green Skechers sneakers . Police are n't sure how he died . Albuquerque Police Department Spokesman John Walsh said a preliminary autopsy did n't reveal a cause of death . Walsh said there were no obvious signs of bruising on the boy . Watch where boy was found buried " Walsh said the department is working with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to create a forensic reconstruction of what the boy may have looked like in hopes that someone will recognize him . "  We have canvassed the entire adjoining neighborhood , " Walsh said . "  We 're knocking on every door . We 've been broadcasting and pleading for tips from the community . But still , nobody has come forward . " Watch authorities discuss boy in the sand case " Though police have received numerous tips from the public , Walsh said nothing has come from them . Albuquerque police are working with other local , state and nationwide law enforcement officials to try to piece together what happened . Until then , members of the community have spent hours at memorials for the boy -- who none of them knew -- praying for him and raising money . French Mortuary , in the town , has offered to pay all funeral costs for the boy . Resident Rachel Lesperance told CNN affiliate KOAT-TV she spent her weekend collecting $ 3,600 for the boy . Her money , and the donations raised by others , will go toward a plaque at the park in the boy 's honor , buying extra lights for the playground and to a fund toward finding out what happened to the little "  Baby Justice . " "  He does n't have a family , " Lesperance told KOAT-TV . "  We 're his family now and we want him to be taken care of like one of our own . "	Boy found Friday at Alvarado Park buried under sand in playground Police say nobody has been reported missing , nobody has claimed body Nobody knows name of boy dubbed "  Baby Justice " or "  Baby Angel " No cause of death for boy who may be Native American or Hispanic
Washington  CNN  -- As the nation celebrated the start of another term for President Barack Obama , Republican congressional leaders had a muted , bipartisan response to his second inaugural address . Obama 's speech ties current issues to founding principles "  Today is a day for all of us in this country to come together , " House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , told CNN , when asked about the president 's speech . "  It really does n't matter who you voted for , which side you 're on , " Cantor added . "  Today is a day we can all come together . " Cantor said the president 's speech addressed the issue of upward mobility , a topic of shared concern across party lines . Transcript : Read Obama 's second inaugural address When asked about online reaction to the speech from Republicans who felt it was too aggressive and too liberal , Cantor again refused to engage in partisan terms . Opinion Roundup : Obama 's ringing defense of liberalism "  I think the president did a fine job certainly laying out what he would like to see happen as far as the future of the country , " the second-highest ranking Republican leader in the House said . "  There are plenty of areas of disagreement but there are also some things that , fundamentally , we agree on -- and that is this country is one of opportunity , " he continued . Cantor added that there were partisan differences over "  the way we get there to help everybody . ... Hopefully , we can bridge those differences . " Cantor 's remarks echoed a sentiment shared by Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell in a written statement issued as Monday 's ceremony at the Capitol was beginning to wrap up . "  Every four years on Inauguration Day , America shows the world that our major political parties can disagree with civility and mutual respect , " McConnell wrote . The Senate 's top Republican said Obama 's second term represented a "  fresh start " for addressing big challenges facing the country , including the issues of federal spending and debt . "  Republicans are eager to work with the president on achieving this common goal and we firmly believe that divided government provides the perfect opportunity to do so . Together , there is much we can achieve . " Obama , near the end of his inaugural address on Monday , made what appeared to be an oblique reference to the partisan battles between himself , the GOP-controlled House and the Senate -- where Democrats have control but do not have a filibuster-proof majority . Boehner faces own challenges as Obama 's second term begins House GOP to vote on three-month extension of debt ceiling "  Being true to our founding documents does not require us to agree on every contour of life ; it does not mean we will all define liberty in exactly the same way , or follow the same precise path to happiness , " the president said to the nearly one million people gathered along the National Mall . "  Progress does not compel us to settle centuries-long debates about the role of government for all time -- but it does require us to act in our time . "  For now decisions are upon us , and we can not afford delay . We can not mistake absolutism for principle , or substitute spectacle for politics , or treat name-calling as reasoned debate . We must act , knowing that our work will be imperfect . We must act , knowing that today 's victories will be only partial , and that it will be up to those who stand here in four years , and forty years , and four hundred years hence to advance the timeless spirit once conferred to us in a spare Philadelphia hall . " Obama added that "  the oath I have sworn before you today , like the one recited by others who serve in this Capitol , was an oath to God and country , not party or faction -- and we must faithfully execute that pledge during the duration of our service . " Asked about what occurred during Monday 's lunch attended by the president and some members of Congress , Cantor said , "  It 's a very nice lunch . It is really a continuum of the spirit of the day where both sides come together . There 's bipartisan representation at the tables . There 's legislative branch , judicial branch , executive branch all sharing tables . And just nothing but good . Hopefully that kind of cooperative spirit can continue . " Cantor said part of the reason the luncheon ran long was because Obama "  went to every table and shook every hand . " CNN 's Wolf Blitzer asked Cantor how long the bipartisan spirit and goodwill of Inauguration Day will linger . "  We hope that this lasts , " Cantor said , "  and then that we can focus on solutions , bridging differences , setting aside differences and trying to focus on what we have in common as Americans . "	House Majority Leader Eric Cantor : "  Today is a day for all of us in this country to come together " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell : "  The president 's second term represents a fresh start " Obama : "  We can not mistake absolutism for principle , or substitute spectacle for politics " Cantor : "  Hopefully that kind of cooperative spirit can continue "
CNN  -- Last month , when Edward Snowden began leaking highly classified documents to the press , many Americans were shocked by what they read . I do n't blame them . For years , the architecture of the programs designed to keep us safe have been a secret to all but a few members of the intelligence community and select legislators . The companies that were involved in these programs were under strict gag orders . And while members of Congress had the opportunity to be briefed on these programs , it would have been a crime , literally , for us to have talked about them publicly . As a result , when Snowden 's leaks became public , Americans had no way of knowing the scope of these programs , their privacy protections and the legal authorities they were operating under . It was just Snowden and his documents on the one side and the government on the other , saying "  trust us . " The government must give proper weight to both keeping America safe from terrorists and protecting Americans ' privacy . But when Americans lack the most basic information about our domestic surveillance programs , they have no way of knowing whether we 're getting that balance right . This lack of transparency is a big problem . Ex-CIA chief : What Snowden did Since I came to the Senate , I 've been working to fix this . I 've supported amendments to the Patriot Act and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that would have required greater public reporting on the use of surveillance authorities and greater disclosures about the legal opinions and safeguards that support them . When those amendments failed , I voted against renewing both of these laws . I want to be clear : I did n't vote "  no " because I wanted to end these programs or because I thought they were unnecessary . Based on briefings , I believe these programs protect our country and have saved lives and have reasonable safeguards in place to protect Americans ' privacy . I voted the way I did because I wanted to send a loud signal to my colleagues that transparency was critical and that there was too little of it in place . National security laws must protect national security . But they must also protect the public trust and preserve the ability of an informed electorate to hold its government to account . I 'm working on legislation that will require the federal government to annually report how it uses key authorities under the Patriot Act and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , including the authorities underlying the phone metadata and the PRISM electronic surveillance programs that recently came to light . For each of these authorities , the government must disclose how many Americans ' information is being collected and how many Americans ' information is being queried and actually seen by federal officers or agents . My legislation would also allow companies to publicly report on how many Patriot and FISA orders they 're getting and how many of their customers these orders affect . There 's a way to do this that protects national security . Since 2009 , Google has been reporting on the number of national security letters it receives , and that has n't hurt anyone . I frankly think that after Snowden 's disclosures , an even stronger case can be made that we can achieve greater transparency without harming national security . Opinion : Supreme Court must protect our privacy from the government As chairman of the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Privacy , Technology , and the Law , a big part of my job is making sure that our privacy laws are keeping up with our technology . In 1787 , there was no such thing as a phone , let alone a wiretap . And so , almost 50 years ago in a case called Katz v. U.S. , the Supreme Court had to determine whether a wiretap constituted a search under the Fourth Amendment . The court said that it did . Justices explained that people had come to expect and assume that their calls were private . In subsequent cases , the court formally adopted the rule that the Fourth Amendment will protect people where they have an expectation of privacy that society recognizes as reasonable . In 2013 , we 're long overdue for another public conversation about what constitutes a reasonable expectation of privacy . It 's hard to have that debate around secret programs authorized by secret legal opinions issued by a secret court . Actually , it 's impossible to have that debate . Thankfully , public pressure for transparency is building . Last week , a broad coalition of 63 companies and civil society groups -- from Apple to the ACLU -- sent a letter to the president and congressional leaders calling for the reforms put forward in my bill . I think we can pass it . Ultimately , I suspect that with this information out there , many Americans will come to believe that these programs have reasonable safeguards for our civil liberties . Others will still call for their end or dramatic restructuring . I want to let Americans decide for themselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sen. Al Franken .	Al Franken : Americans do n't know scope of surveillance and which authority OKs it Franken : We need a balance between protecting U.S. from terror and protecting privacy We ca n't know if civil liberties are safe if all about surveillance is secret , he says Franken : We need to know who , when and how , to judge if surveillance crosses a line
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The designers behind a "  thinking " yacht are hoping to break a world record by sending it across the Atlantic Ocean without any human assistance . The autonomous yacht Avalon is hoisted to have her keel put in place before launching The four-meter boat , "  Avalon " , was designed and built by an eight-strong team of third-year engineering students at Swiss science university ETH Zurich . The students are planning to take the boat to a robotic sailing regatta in July , before launching it into the Microtransat Transatlantic challenge in early September . Using sensors to detect the speed and direction of the wind , the boat is programmed to reach a given co-ordinate and will attain it by automatically adapting to the changing conditions . One of the "  Students Sailing Autonomously "  SSA  team 's project managers , Hendrik Erckens , told CNN that if the Atlantic crossing succeeds it will be a world record as an unmanned boat has not previously made the voyage . It is planned the crossing will begin from the west coast of Ireland and finish in the Caribbean . "  For us the Microtransat challenge is the big goal . I 'm pretty confident we can do it . This week in testing it is pretty much doing what it 's supposed to do . And it is water tight . "  Over the last couple of days we tried some autonomous tacks and jibes and now we are testing the navigation , " he said . See photos of the autonomous yacht from construction to launch " The team has been working on the project since September 2008 , and are currently at the on-water testing stage , having designed and built the boat . While the team will be able to track the boat through an onboard global positioning system  GPS  during the transatlantic voyage , Erckens said as long as the challenge is active they wo n't have any control over the vessel . "  We will set it out and it will be completely autonomous . There are solar cells on the back for power and extra power supplies on board . "  There is a satellite communication system on board and the boat can download weather information by itself so it can calculate the best route to travel , " he said . Erckens said the team is positive that the carbon-fibre boat will survive the rough Atlantic seas -- an issue that has stopped many manned crossings before -- including Richard Branson 's attempt at the fastest transatlantic crossing aboard the 99-foot Virgin Money last fall . "  We feel our advantage over other teams is that we are mechanical engineers . We have designed this boat ourselves and exactly for this purpose . " Erckens said the idea could one day offer a new autopilot option for large yachts . "  The idea came as there are autopilots for boats out there , but currently the commercially available autopilots only steer the rudder . We are looking to control the sails as well . "	University students at ETH Zurich have designed and built a robotic boat The boat needs no sailors and uses sensors to sail in changing conditions It is hoped the yacht will sail autonomously across the Atlantic Ocean If it succeeds it would be the first Atlantic crossing by an unmanned boat
CNN  -- With "  Superbad , " producer Judd Apatow  "  Knocked Up , " "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin "  has created another cockeyed hit . In "  Superbad , " Michael Cera  left  and Jonah Hill  right  go in search of a teen 's holy grail : booze and sex . The hilarious film offers a younger skew on what must be labeled the Apatow house brand of touchy-feely sex comedy -- in other words , more extreme profanity and juvenile gross-out gags . But all that does n't make "  Superbad " bad . Far from it -- this is the funniest picture since "  Borat , " and more emotionally nuanced than you would expect . Not that you would expect much in that line , I imagine . Penned by "  Knocked Up " star Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg when they were still in high school , "  Superbad " has what screenwriting gurus call a "  quest " narrative : through a combination of chance and opportunism , Seth  Jonah Hill  and Evan  Michael Cera , from "  Arrested Development "  are entrusted with securing the alcohol for an end-of-term party . "  You know how when girls sleep with guys , they always say it was an accident ? " reasons Seth , optimistically . "  We could be that accident ! " Watch Cera and Hill offer tales from the film " His plan hinges on their even nerdier pal Fogell  unheralded comedy superhero Christopher Mintz-Plasse  . Fogell has a fake ID lined up . Trouble is , when this document materializes , it carries only the single name "  McLovin , " officially a 25-year-old organ donor from the Aloha State . Undeterred , brave "  McLovin " ventures into a liquor store , only to get caught up in an attempted robbery . In the movie 's quirkiest detour he spends most of the evening cruising in a patrol car with two unexpectedly paternal , party-hearty cops  Rogen and Bill Hader  . Meanwhile , Seth and Evan gamely try to parlay a traffic accident into hard booze . Anyone even remotely schooled in teen comedy will recognize that "  Superbad " is an old , old story , albeit one that seems unreasonably determined to lower the taste bar . Each generation throws up a coming-of-age comedy to call its own , whether it 's "  American Graffiti " or "  American Pie , " and there are equal parts of both here . Fogell could be the son  or the grandson  of Charles Martin Smith 's Terry the Toad from the Lucas film .  There 's also a blast of the Bar-Kays ' "  Soul Finger " on the predominantly funk soundtrack . Mostly , though , we 're reminded that Seth Rogen 's association with Judd Apatow goes all the way back to the cult NBC series "  Freaks and Geeks " when he was 16 . "  Superbad " could be an R-rated episode from that show . Although it takes place over 24 hours or so , the film 's period is a bit hazy . These geeks do n't talk about sports . They do n't talk about music or movies  hardly  ... or politics  as if !  . They certainly do n't talk about whatever it is they 're learning in high school  in Seth 's case , apparently , not much  . Sometimes they talk about girls . But that 's just an important but not vital adjunct to the real Topic A : the penis . The male sex organ and its potential applications are contemplated endlessly , inside and out , with Seth and Evan turning ideas over in their minds with the same mixture of curiosity , creativity and awe scientists dedicate to quantum physics and basketball fans reserve for the career of Steve Nash . Of course such overheated bravado is utterly transparent . Seventeen-year-old virgins , they are distressingly ignorant when it comes to the opposite sex and terrified of the mystery that lurks there . Directing his first feature since the indie gem "  The Daytrippers , " Greg Mottola takes care to ground the improbable plot in a realistic , low-rent neighborhood and authentic characterizations . If the guileless Mintz-Plasse steals the show , Cera and Hill play off each other beautifully . The intentionally and hilariously anti-climactic ending crystallizes the movie 's fairly subtle emotional subtext . Soon it will be time to put aside childish things , and for Seth and Evan , this includes each other . "  Superbad " is rated R and runs 114 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here . E-mail to a friend	"  Superbad " a high school sex comedy taken to great extremes High schoolers go in search of booze , sex -- but it works Film co-written by "  Knocked Up 's " Seth Rogen , produced by Judd Apatow
CNN  -- Editor 's note : CNN 's Mike Rowe regularly attends an annual San Francisco ball which celebrates the birth of the U.S. Marine Corps . He wrote this essay about the event last year . The old theater looks like the one in Young Frankenstein -- the one where Gene Wilder and Peter Boyle sing "  Putting on the Ritz . " Every seat is taken , and the air is filled with a weird mix of anticipation and familiarity . And maybe a faint hint of mothballs . I 'm in the mezzanine this year , sipping champagne and jammed into a tuxedo that 's undeniably smaller than it was last November . Behind me , a retired general is singing The Star Spangled Banner , along with the rest of the crowd . He is singing louder than I am , and I 'm singing as loud as I can . And that 's saying something . The anthem ends , and we take our seats . The champagne is cold in my hand , and as I look around I see that I 'm not the only one to have liberated a flute from the lobby bar . I take a sip , and observe the scene onstage . Like last year , and the year before that one , and the five years before that one , I 'm transfixed by what I see . Ten Marines in full ceremonial dress march out from the wings to the sound of trumpets and drums . They move like a synchronized machine , forming two parallel lines perpendicular to the audience . They stand 10 feet apart , staring straight ahead like statues in a deadly gauntlet . They do n't blink ; they do n't smile . They just stand there looking dangerous as hell . Then , a command is barked out . Ten swords are drawn as one , catching the light on their blades and sending it flashing through the audience like a thousand lasers . If Dr. Frankenstein 's infamous creature were in the vicinity , I suspect he 'd crap his pants . Upstage , the Color Guard enters , connecting the two lines at the top . They face the crowd directly - The Color Sargent and The Color Bearer , flanked by two riflemen . Under the hot lights , the Stars and Stripes are radiant , and the Marine Battle Standard glows like a crimson beacon . They 've been standing there for the last half hour , frozen in time , as the events of the evening unfold . Sometimes , that 's the job . To stand a post . To wait . To watch , as events unfold around you . The United States Marine Corps is 238 years old today , and last night , I helped them celebrate in San Francisco the same way I do every year . I attended their annual ball , ate a piece of their birthday cake , and assisted them with the important work of closing down the bar . In between , there was dinner and dancing and all the stuff you might expect to find at a formal ball . There were speeches and toasts . There were songs . And there were tributes of courage and sacrifice so unimaginable , you can only shake your head and marvel at the character of some . I met the oldest Marine present - 95 - and drank a beer with the youngest - 21 . I swapped some jokes with a Lance Corporal that I ca n't repeat .  To anyone .  And I chatted with some Gold Star parents , who spoke proudly and movingly about the sons and daughters they lost . For me , the whole affair is just so damn humbling . A kid with two purple hearts and three tours of combat comes up to me and says , "  Holy cow , Mike , how did you ever do all those Dirty Jobs ? What was the worst one ? " A sniper with stories that would haunt your dreams listens wide eyed as I answer his questions about crab fishing on the Bering Sea . And a combat medic who has saved more lives than he can remember wants to talk to me about his F-150 . It 's the same thing every year , and every year I 'm surprised all over again . These Marines seem completely unimpressed with their own acts of valor . Their modesty and their courage seem to exist in parts both enormous and equal . They 'd rather talk about other things . About sports . About movies . About the world in general . About the things they fight for . Anything but themselves . Which of course , makes them all the more magnificent . Really - what can you say about people like that ? For now , I 'll go with Happy Birthday . Maybe next year I 'll come up with something more insightful . Semper Fi , Marines , and thanks . And of course , a very happy Veterans Day , to all who serve .	Mike Rowe at U.S. Marines annual ball : It 's "  just so damn humbling . " Marines are "  completely unimpressed with their own acts of valor , " says Rowe Rowe : "  They 'd rather talk about sports and things they fight for . Anything but themselves . "
CNN  -- Friends and colleagues of Apple founder Steve Jobs sent their condolences Wednesday after his death at the age of 56 . On its homepage , Google carried a small notation , "  Steve Jobs , 1955-2011 . " Clicking on Jobs ' name took users to the Apple website and its tribute to Jobs . U.S. House Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia : "  There is not a day that goes by , and often not an hour , that a Steve Jobs invention does not better my family 's life . Thank you Steve . " U.S. Rep. John Boehner , R-Ohio : "  Steve Jobs changed the world for the better  with  his innovations & genius . R.I.P. " San Francisco Mayor Edwin Lee : "  Steve Jobs was a giant in the world of technology and established the Bay Area as a global center for innovation . He has inspired and changed the Bay Area and the world forever . Steve Jobs was born in San Francisco and his values were reflected in his generous support for results-driven education reform , 21st century philanthropy and bridging the digital divide for our diverse communities . Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife Laurene , his family and friends . " New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg : "  Tonight , America lost a genius who will be remembered with Edison and Einstein , and whose ideas will shape the world for generations to come . Again and again over the last four decades , Steve Jobs saw the future and brought it to life long before most people could even see the horizon . And Steve 's passionate belief in the power of technology to transform the way we live brought us more than smart phones and iPads : it brought knowledge and power that is reshaping the face of civilization . In New York City 's government , everyone from street construction inspectors to NYPD detectives have harnessed Apple 's products to do their jobs more efficiently and intuitively . Tonight our city -- a city that has always had such respect and admiration for creative genius -- joins with people around the planet in remembering a great man and keeping Laurene and the rest of the Jobs family in our thoughts and prayers . " California Attorney General Kamala Harris : "  California has lost a great leader with the passing of Steve Jobs . His character , intelligence , and creativity changed how the world works and how the world imagines itself . We are forever grateful and inspired by the gift he has given us . I send my thoughts and sympathies to Laurene and the entire Jobs family . " Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney : "  Steve Jobs is an inspiration to American entrepreneurs . He will be missed . " John Lasseter , chief creative officer , and Ed Catmull , president , Walt Disney and Pixar Animation Studios "  Steve Jobs was an extraordinary visionary , our very dear friend and the guiding light of the Pixar family . He saw the potential of what Pixar could be before the rest of us , and beyond what anyone ever imagined . Steve took a chance on us and believed in our crazy dream of making computer animated films ; the one thing he always said was to simply ` make it great . ' He is why Pixar turned out the way we did and his strength , integrity and love of life has made us all better people . He will forever be a part of Pixar 's DNA . Our hearts go out to his wife Laurene and their children during this incredibly difficult time . " Meg Whitman , president and chief executive of Hewlett-Packard : "  Steve Jobs was an iconic entrepreneur and businessman whose impact on technology was felt beyond Silicon Valley . He will be remembered for the innovation he brought to market and the inspiration he brought to the world . " Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt : "  Today is very sad for all of us . Steve defined a generation of style and technology that 's unlikely to be matched again . Steve was so charismatically brilliant that he inspired people to do the impossible , and he will be remembered as the greatest computer innovator in history . " Google co-founder Sergey Brin : "  From the earliest days of Google , whenever Larry and I sought inspiration for vision and leadership , we needed to look no farther than Cupertino . Steve , your passion for excellence is felt by anyone who has ever touched an Apple product  including the MacBook I am writing this on right now  . And I have witnessed it in person the few times we have met . On behalf of all of us at Google and more broadly in technology , you will be missed very much . My condolences to family , friends , and colleagues at Apple . " U.S. President Barack Obama : "  Michelle and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Steve Jobs . Steve was among the greatest of American innovators -- brave enough to think differently , bold enough to believe he could change the world , and talented enough to do it . By building one of the planet 's most successful companies from his garage , he exemplified the spirit of American ingenuity . By making computers personal and putting the internet in our pockets , he made the information revolution not only accessible , but intuitive and fun . And by turning his talents to storytelling , he has brought joy to millions of children and grownups alike . Steve was fond of saying that he lived every day like it was his last . Because he did , he transformed our lives , redefined entire industries , and achieved one of the rarest feats in human history : he changed the way each of us sees the world . The world has lost a visionary . And there may be no greater tribute to Steve 's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented . Michelle and I send our thoughts and prayers to Steve 's wife Laurene , his family , and all those who loved him . " YouTube founders Chad Hurley and Steve Chen : "  It was an honor to have worked with Steve Jobs . He will forever remain an inspiration . He will be sorely missed , and our thoughts and prayers go out to his family . " G.S. Choi , chief executive of Samsung Electronics : "  Samsung Electronics is saddened to hear of Chairman Steve Jobs ' passing and would like to extend our deepest condolences . Chairman Steve Jobs introduced numerous revolutionary changes to the information technology industry and was a great entrepreneur . His innovative spirit and remarkable accomplishments will forever be remembered by people around the world . We would like to again express our sincerest condolences to Mr. Jobs ' family and his colleagues . " Google co-founder Larry Page : "  I am very , very sad to hear the news about Steve . He was a great man with incredible achievements and amazing brilliance . He always seemed to be able to say in very few words what you actually should have been thinking before you thought it . His focus on the user experience above all else has always been an inspiration to me . He was very kind to reach out to me as I became CEO of Google and spend time offering his advice and knowledge even though he was not at all well . My thoughts and Google 's are with his family and the whole Apple family . " Mark Zuckerberg , founder and chief executive , Facebook : "  Steve , thank you for being a mentor and a friend . Thanks for showing that what you build can change the world . I will miss you . " U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi , D-California : "  Steve Jobs was a visionary who changed the way we live , an innovator whose products brought joy to millions , a risk-taker who was n't afraid to challenge the status quo , and an entrepreneur who led one of the most creative companies of our time . His sage advice was respected by policymakers on both sides of the aisle . His courageous fight against cancer brought strength to many . I hope it is a comfort to those who loved him , especially his family , that so many grieve his loss and are praying for them at this sad time . " Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates : "  I 'm truly saddened to learn of Steve Jobs ' death . Melinda and I extend our sincere condolences to his family and friends , and to everyone Steve has touched through his work . Steve and I first met nearly 30 years ago , and have been colleagues , competitors and friends over the course of more than half our lives . The world rarely sees someone who has had the profound impact Steve has had , the effects of which will be felt for many generations to come . For those of us lucky enough to get to work with him , it 's been an insanely great honor . I will miss Steve immensely . " Robert Iger , president and chief executive , The Walt Disney Company : "  Steve Jobs was a great friend as well as a trusted advisor . His legacy will extend far beyond the products he created or the businesses he built . It will be the millions of people he inspired , the lives he changed , and the culture he defined . Steve was such an ` original , ' with a thoroughly creative , imaginative mind that defined an era . Despite all he accomplished , it feels like he was just getting started . With his passing the world has lost a rare original , Disney has lost a member of our family , and I have lost a great friend . Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife Laurene and his children during this difficult time . " California Governor Jerry Brown : "  Steve Jobs was a great California innovator who demonstrated what a totally independent and creative mind can accomplish . Few people have made such a powerful and elegant imprint on our lives . Anne and I wish to express our deepest sympathy to Steve 's wife , Laurene , and their entire family . "	U.S. President Barack Obama : Steve was among the greatest of American innovators New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg : Tonight , America lost a genius Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg : Steve , thank you for being a mentor and a friend
A global travel alert issued Friday by the State Department warned al Qaeda may launch attacks in the Middle East , North Africa and beyond in coming weeks , a threat that prompted Sunday 's closure of 21 embassies and consulates . The U.S. government 's actions are in response to growing intelligence that shows a potential for attacks in Yemen and elsewhere in the Middle East as well as North Africa , said U.S. officials who spoke to CNN on condition of not being identified . "  The threat appears to be much worse than it has  been  in a long time , " said a senior national security official in Yemen , where the government is "  on high alert against possible attacks in the days to come . " Various Western targets -- not just those tied to the United States -- are under threat , according to two U.S. officials . According to three sources , the United States has information that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula members are in the final stages of planning for an unspecified attack . One of the sources said that such preparations appeared to have increased in recent days with the approaching end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . In particular , Sunday is Laylet al-Qadr , or the Night of Power , which is one of the holiest moments on the Muslim calendar . Said one U.S. official : "  It all leads us to believe something could happen in the near future . " Based on intelligence , U.S. officials said , there was particular concern about the U.S. Embassy in Yemen between Saturday and Tuesday . President Barack Obama -- who , amid regular updates on the situation , has directed officials to take all appropriate steps to protect Americans -- praised Yemeni President Abdo Rabu Mansour Hadi for his country 's efforts following a meeting Thursday at the White House . Photos : Attacks on U.S. diplomatic sites Still , it 's unclear whether the apparent plot targets that Arabian nation or one elsewhere -- which is why the travel alert applies so broadly , and why embassies from Bangladesh to Libya are being closed . The expected time of an attack also is n't known , with the U.S. travel alert noting the threat extends through the end of August . "  Terrorists may elect to use a variety of means and weapons and target both official and private interests , " the alert states . "  U.S. citizens are reminded of the potential for terrorists to attack public transportation systems and other tourist infrastructure . " New York Rep. Peter King , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , called the information "  the most specific I 've seen . " While the principal attention is on the Arabian Peninsula , he stressed to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that "  we ca n't rule anything out . " "  We are focused on the Middle East , but it 's a potential series of attacks that really could be almost anyplace , " said King . 21 embassies , consulates ordered closed The State Department made public Friday a list of 21 embassies and consulates that will close Sunday , which is normally the start of the work week in the countries affected . The 17 affected U.S. embassies are in Afghanistan , Algeria , Bahrain , Bangladesh , Djibouti , Egypt , Iraq , Jordan , Kuwait , Libya , Mauritania , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Sudan and Yemen . The U.S. embassy in Israel will be closed as normal Sunday . See the whole list Consulates in Iraq , Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are also being shut down for the day . Embassies and consulates in the region typically close their doors or operate with minimal staff on Fridays and Saturdays . The shutdowns could extend beyond Sunday , a senior State Department official said . Retired Gen. James Mattis -- who until earlier this year was head of U.S. Central Command , responsible for a 20-country area that includes the Middle East -- said the decision to close the embassies shows the reality of the threat and the wisdom of U.S. policymakers . U.S. embassies have been targeted before in places such as Yemen , Turkey and Tanzania , he pointed out . Moreover , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is one of the terrorist network 's most active and most destructive branches . "  We have to remember that we 're up against an enemy who kills indiscriminately -- whether it be women , children , diplomats -- and our embassies ... have been one of the targets , " Mattis told CNN on Friday . "  They are showing some proactive discretion here , making certain that we do n't give the enemy an opportunity that we can deny them . " Questions , concerns after Benghazi House leaders have been briefed on the situation , Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters , adding that the travel alert and embassy closings provided "  some understanding of the seriousness of the threat . " King , who has also heard such briefings , applauded the government 's decision to close its diplomatic missions . "  I give them credit , " the Republican said of the Obama administration . "  I think the government is doing exactly the right thing here . " Such bipartisan agreement in Washington come at a time politicians are still pushing to seek answers regarding the September 11 , 2012 , attack on the U.S. consular compound in Benghazi , Libya , which killed four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens . Since then , Republicans have been pressing President Barack Obama 's administration for answers , with some accusing officials of covering up what happened in Benghazi and not doing enough to track down the attackers . Eight GOP lawmakers are asking that incoming FBI Director James Comey brief Congress within 30 days about the investigation . They say the administration 's inquiry thus far has been "  simply unacceptable , " according to a draft letter obtained by CNN . Earlier this week , Vice President Joe Biden and senior State Department officials went to Congress to discuss embassy security . Biden also briefed congressional leadership , key committee chairmen and ranking members about the latest threat concerns , a source who attended the meeting said . Another official said the recent intelligence might not have warranted such a response before the Benghazi attack , given the political firestorm it created for the Obama administration . On Thursday , State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said the agency was taking the steps at diplomatic sites out of an abundance of caution . CNN found embassy attack suspect before FBI	The State Department issues a global travel alert on possible al Qaeda attacks Sources say al Qaeda is in final planning stages of unspecified plot Rep. King : Information is "  specific , " attacks "  really could be almost anyplace " Western targets , not just American ones , are under threat , officials say
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Americans back Barack Obama 's plan to move U.S. troops from Iraq to Afghanistan , a new national poll indicates . U.S. soldiers gather at the "  Cross Swords " in Baghdad 's secure Green Zone earlier this year . Fifty-five percent of people questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Thursday back the president-elect when it comes to reducing the number of American combat troops in Iraq and increasing the number in Afghanistan . "  The reason is simple , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  The war in Iraq is very unpopular , while a majority support the war in Afghanistan . " Sixty-three percent of those polled oppose the war in Iraq , with 36 percent "  favor " it . Fifty-two percent "  favor " the war in Afghanistan , with 46 percent in opposition . "  In addition , roughly half the public thinks that the U.S. is winning in Iraq , but six in 10 say that America 's losing in Afghanistan , " adds Holland . That forty-nine percent who now say the U.S. is winning the war in Iraq  with an equal amount saying the U.S. is not winning  is up from 32 percent last year . "  To the American public , Afghanistan is the good war , and it 's going badly . Iraq is the bad war , and it 's going fairly well , " CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider said . The poll suggests that Americans believe that the president-elect will remove all combat troops from Iraq . Obama told reporters Monday in Chicago that he still thinks 16 months is the "  right time frame " for removing U.S. combat troops from the country . Sixty-three percent of those questioned in the survey are confident that Obama will do just that , with 36 percent not confident . A vast majority of Americans , 79 percent , also appear to be confident that Obama will improve foreign relations , with 74 percent confident he 'll improve economic conditions and 68 percent optimistic about Obama keeping the country safe from terrorism . "  In the wake of the recent attacks in Mumbai , India , concerns about terrorism here in the U.S. have grown a bit , but most Americans do n't think a terrorist attack is likely in the next few weeks , " said Holland . In fact , the 36 percent who say acts of terrorism are likely in the U.S. over the next several weeks is up only slightly from the 30 percent who felt the same way in September , the last time the question was asked . "  The dispute between India and Pakistan may be the next big flash point in world affairs , but Americans want this country to stay out of it , " Holland added . Eight in 10 think the U.S. should side with neither country , with 15 percent saying side with India and one percent wanting to side with Pakistan . And in a sign that Obama is enjoying a honeymoon with Americans right now , 64 percent of those polled approve of how he handled the terrorist attack in India . That 's 15 points higher than President Bush scored in the survey , even though Obama made clear during the crisis that there can be only one American president at a time and that he was deferring to Bush when it came to any American response . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted Monday and Tuesday , with 1,096 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	New CNN/Opinion Research Corp. . Poll released Thursday Poll : 55 percent support Obama 's plan to withdraw troops from Iraq A majority of those polled -- 52 percent -- "  favor " the war in Afghanistan 79 percent are confident that Obama will improve foreign relations
CNN  -- Controversial remarks by the last white president of South Africa , F.W. de Klerk , in which he validated the origins of "  separate but equal " nation states , have been used by critics "  unfairly out of context , " his foundation said . "  The FW de Klerk Foundation regrets that the comments that FW de Klerk made in his recent interview with Christiane Amanpour of CNN have been taken so unfairly out of context , " the foundation said in a statement Friday . "  The question that she asked related to the policies that he had supported when he was a young man -- and his reply centered on his view that , though idealistic at the time , they had resulted in the unacceptable injustices of apartheid , " said the foundation , whose founder and chairman is de Klerk . In the CNN interview , de Klerk would not back off his belief in the validity of the original concept of "  separate but equal " nation states . That remark provoked criticism , including on Twitter where some South Africans said de Klerk is n't worthy of the 1993 Nobel Peace Prize he shared with Nelson Mandela for ending South Africa 's apartheid regime . Said de Klerk on CNN this week : "  I do n't apologize for saying that what drove me as a young man , before I decided we need to embrace a new vision , was a quest to bring justice for black South Africans in a way which would not -- that 's what I believed then -- destroy the justice to which my people were entitled . My people , whose self-determination  was  taken away by colonial power in the Anglo-Boer War . " That , de Klerk said , is how he was raised . "  And it was in an era when also in America and elsewhere , and across the continent of Africa , there was still not this realization that we are trampling upon the human rights of people . So I 'm a convert . " The foundation 's subsequent statement elaborated on de Klerk 's position , saying "  there is nothing intrinsically wrong with the idea that the problems of territories that include different peoples should be addressed on the basis of territorial partition . "  This , after all , is what has happened in such societies all over the world -- in the territorial divisions of Czechoslovakia , Yugoslavia , the Soviet Union and more recently in Sudan . It is the solution that has long been advocated for Israel/Palestine , " the foundation said . South Africa 's apartheid system was born out of "  by the loss of the right of Afrikaners to self-determination in the Anglo-Boer War , " the statement said . "  However , as De Klerk pointed out , the National Party 's application of territorial partition was a complete failure because the territorial division was manifestly unfair  something that De Klerk opposed as a young politician  , " the statement said . "  The Amanpour interview dealt with De Klerk 's views as a young man . He tried , as frankly as he could , to explain what motivated him at the time . What motivated him as a young man ceased many years ago to motivate him as a political leader , " the statement said . "  Since the mid-eighties he has accepted that the policies that he supported as a young man were wrong and that there was not any possibility of justly settling South Africa 's complex problems on the basis of territorial partition . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	F.W. de Klerk stirs controversy about the origins of "  separate but equal " nation states Critics question whether he 's still worthy of the 1993 Nobel Peace Prize De Klerk 's remarks were "  taken so unfairly out of context , " his foundation says The comments were made in a CNN interview
CNN  -- The plan to embalm the body of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez may have hit a snag . Scientists in a preliminary assessment have determined that the process might be "  quite difficult , " acting president Nicolas Maduro said Wednesday . Maduro said at the opening of the Book Fair of Venezuela that scientists argued that "  the decision should have been taken much earlier . " He did n't say why -- but added that Chavez will always remain in Venezuela 's collective memory "  More than your physical body , we have the commander in eternal memory , especially this generation who heard it , touched it , saw him , " Maduro told the audience . "  We have to keep alive his image , his voice , his thinking . " Chavez died this month , at 58 , after a battle with cancer . Maduro had initially said his body would be embalmed . The plan was to have Chavez 's body displayed much like the remains of former revolutionary leaders Vladimir Lenin of Russia and China 's Mao . Venezuelan elections are scheduled for April 14 , about six weeks after Chavez died earlier this month . Maduro filed papers Monday to officially register to run for president . Photos : The displayed bodies of world leaders During the televised event , Maduro and his supporters from United Socialist Party of Venezuela sang along with a recording of Chavez belting out Venezuela 's national anthem . "  I am not Chavez , but I am his son , " Maduro said . "  And all together , the people , we are Chavez . " Despite Maduro being from Chavez 's political party , there will be a strong challenger for Venezuela 's top spot . Opposition candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski said he was ready for a fight . Capriles , 40 , ran against Chavez last year and lost . But he mounted one of the fiercest challenges during the late president 's 14 years in power . "  My fight is not to be president . My fight is for Venezuela to move forward , " Capriles said Sunday night . On Monday , he also filed paperwork to run for the presidency .	Chavez died this month after a battle with cancer The original plan was to embalm Chavez Scientists say embalming Chavez may be difficult
CNN  -- Jacmel was the artsy town Kathryn Bolles would travel to on weekends , a respite from the bustle of Haiti 's capital , Port-au-Prince . But when a colleague with the Save the Children organization returned from once-scenic Jacmel on Friday , Bolles said he was traumatized . "  He said it 's horrible what 's happened there , " said Bolles , the emergency health and nutrition director for Save the Children in Haiti . "  People are lost , dead , missing . Houses are down and facilities are down . It sounded similar to what we 're seeing here in Port-au-Prince . " Attention has focused on Port-au-Prince since Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake , as it is the country 's most populous city -- at more than 1.2 million people -- and has suffered tremendous devastation . Thousands of homeless victims have taken to sleeping in the streets , without food , water and medical attention . Others are buried beneath the rubble , and rescuers have miraculously pulled out survivors who were entombed by the debris . Elsewhere , though , preliminary reports are telling of how the crisis has gripped residents beyond the capital . "  What we 're hearing from text messages , from e-mails is that all along the coast going west and then down south , towns are absolutely destroyed , " said Bolles , who has worked in Haiti since 1999 and spoke to CNN from Port-au-Prince . She learned of the extent of the damage from colleagues , people on the street and other aid groups . Just to the west of Port-au-Prince is Carrefour , a city of 442,000 that felt violent shaking during the quake , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Damage there is expected to be heavy -- reports have yet to come in , the agency said . West of that is Leogane , a city , like Carrefour , that is passed on the road to Jacmel . More than 30 miles further west of the capital is Petit-Goave -- all towns , Bolles said that are reeling from the quake . Leogane 's main hospital was flattened , as were numerous other buildings , Bolles said . She said she heard the "  whole town had collapsed . " Among the other areas , she said she was told an orphanage full of 1,500 children collapsed , and many people were dead or missing . CNN has yet to independently verify damage or casualties outside the capital , but reports continue to build in bits and pieces . About a three-hour drive south of the capital in Jacmel , there were reports of an orphanage that toppled , and of a hospital for women that collapsed , said Alana Salcer , spokeswoman for Cine Institute , a film school in Jacmel . Staff at the school and students there have written Salcer about the dire situation in that city , and even shot footage of buildings ripped open and survivors lying in streets . To keep the lights on and communication open , the school has had to rely on a generator after power lines went down . The home of the school 's editing teacher , Andrew Bigosinski , fell down a hill when the earth violently shook , and many others lost their homes , Salcer said . Just east of Port-au-Prince , makeshift camps have been erected in the public squares of the densely populated area of Delmas , Cine Institute founder David Belle told Salcer in an e-mail shared with CNN . Belle described a harrowing scene on the road to Port-au-Prince : "  Moving into the city ... the destruction gets worse and worse and the street is lined with piles of swollen , rotting bodies . ... Periodic road blocks have been set up by residents , protesting the lack of any aid presence and angry at stench and indecency . Huge tractors and dump trucks were just beginning to arrive and load bodies as we passed thru . " American Red Cross logistics expert and relief worker Colin Chaperone said the biggest obstacle outside the capital was getting medical treatment to the injured . Chaperone arrived in the capital Wednesday and had driven east toward the border with the Dominican Republic to escort an American Red Cross Emergency Response Unit into Haiti , said Red Cross spokesman Jonathan Aiken . Chaperone told Aiken that about 30 minutes out of Port-au-Prince , he was still seeing significant and widespread damage . Medical care was limited , as local clinics were overwhelmed by demand , he said . Makeshift treatment facilities were established for those who fled the capital , many of whom had broken bones and other serious injuries , Chaperone said . Exacerbating the dangerous situation was the reality that medical supplies were running out . Roads are slowly becoming easier to navigate , but aid is still slow to get outside the capital . Bolles said that her team plans to travel as far as they can to assess the situation and offer help . "  There really needs to be a humanitarian response and it needs to be immediate , " she said . "  Outside of Port-au-Prince there really has n't been anything . "	Jacmel , Leogane , Carrefour and Petit-Goave are towns that are reeling from earthquake East of Port-au-Prince , makeshift camps have been erected in public squares Humanitarian response "  needs to be immediate , " says Kathryn Bolles of Save the Children
CNN  -- An X-Box and games , a silver iPod , a Nintendo Wii -- and a wooden knife holder missing two knives -- are among the items removed from the home of the Pennsylvania teenager suspected of going on a stabbing rampage at his Pennsylvania high school , according to court papers . Authorities removed those things from a home owned by the parents of suspect Alex Hribal , according to an affidavit CNN has obtained . Sixteen-year-old Hribal is alleged to have seriously injured at least 20 students and a security officer at Franklin Regional Senior High School in Murrysville , Pennsylvania , on April 9 . The teen has been arraigned as an adult . He faces four counts of attempted homicide and 21 counts of aggravated assault . Murrysville , with a population of about 20,000 , is a quiet middle-class enclave roughly 20 miles east of Pittsburgh on U.S. Route 22 . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report .	Video games , players and knife holder among items taken from suspect 's home Suspect Alex Hribal faces 4 counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault Hribal , a sophomore , has been arraigned as an adult
CNN  -- A California transit officer shot and killed another officer Tuesday in an incident that authorities are calling a "  tragic accident . " The two Bay Area Rapid Transit police officers were conducting a search Tuesday afternoon of a Dublin apartment in connection with a spree of train robberies when the shooting occurred , according to Alameda County Sheriffs spokesman Sgt. J.D. Nelson . During the search , the "  officer accidentally fired his weapon and struck and killed another officer , " Nelson said . "  This appears to be a terrible and tragic accident . " The incident is being investigated . BART Police Chief Kenton Rainey said he was "  deeply saddened " by the incident . The shooting marks the first death of a BART police officer in the agency 's history , CNN affiliate KGO reported . BART train kills 2 workers near San Francisco Gun safety instructor accidentally shoots student CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Augie Martin contributed to this report .	NEW : This marks the first fatal shooting of officer in transit agency 's history The shooting happened in connection with a search of an apartment Authorities are saying the shooting was an accident BART chief says he is "  deeply saddened "
CNN  -- An Italian who was killed during a failed hostage rescue attempt in Nigeria was shot four times , a doctor told reporters . Doctors conducted an autopsy on Franco Lamolinara on Saturday , immediately after his body arrived in Rome , said Dr. Paolo Alberello of the Forensic Institute of Rome 's Sapienza University , according to Italian media reports . Italy 's ANSA news agency reported that a funeral will be held Monday for the 47-year-old engineer , who was abducted in May 2011 , along with Briton Chris McManus . Six dead in car bomb attack at church Kidnappers killed the men last Thursday while a raid to free them was under way , according to British government sources briefed on the matter . The case has drawn attention -- and criticism -- from top Italian officials , who have questioned why Rome was not consulted before the operation , which was launched by Nigerian forces with support from Britain . Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti visited Lamolinara 's family Sunday in the northern village of Gattinara , ANSA said . Italian lawmakers were scheduled to meet Monday to discuss the lack of communication between British and Italian officials before the failed operation . The Parliamentary Committee for National Security will question Italy 's head of foreign security over the matter , according to a statement on the Parliament website . In a meeting Friday with his Italian counterpart , British Foreign Secretary William Hague "  made clear that there had been a limited opportunity to secure the release of the two hostages , whose lives were in imminent and growing danger , " said a joint UK-Italian statement issued by Britain 's Foreign & Commonwealth Office . "  Under these circumstances it was only possible to inform Italy once the operation was already getting under way . " Lamolinara was married and had two teenage children , the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera reported . He and McManus worked for the construction and civil engineering firm B. Stabilini and Co. , which is based in Abuja , Nigeria . British Prime Minister David Cameron said last week that he had worked to free the two men since they were kidnapped in May 2011 and authorized the rescue attempt . Authorities could not find the men for months , he said , but eventually got credible information about their location , and "  a window of opportunity " presented itself . "  The terrorists holding the two hostages made very clear threats to take their lives , including in a video that was posted on the Internet , " Cameron said . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has said the men were killed before the joint forces could reach their hideout in the northern state of Sokoto . He blamed the kidnapping and killings on Boko Haram , the militant Islamist terror group responsible for dozens of attacks in Nigeria in the past two years . But a statement posted on a pro-jihad forum on which the militant group has been active in recent months denied any link . "  The hostage-taking operation was not a Boko Haram one , we have always claimed responsibilities for our attacks , beware allowing the Kaffir -LSB- infidel -RSB- government of Nigeria to mislead you , " it says . In December , a Nigerian group calling itself "  al Qaeda in the land beyond the Sahil " announced that it had captured McManus , according to the Press Association in Britain . Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	An autopsy is conducted on Franco Lamolinara , who was killed in a failed rescue attempt Italian lawmakers are scheduled to meet over the matter The British foreign secretary cites danger in explaining why Rome was n't informed sooner Abductors seized Lamolinara and Briton Chris McManus in northwestern Nigeria in May
CNN Student News  -- August 17 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • New York , New York • China • Korean Peninsula Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A new beginning , but some things stay the same : 10 minutes , no commercials , the top news of the day , and me ! I 'm Carl Azuz . You 're tuned in to CNN Student News . Let 's get started ! First Up : Islamic Center Near Ground Zero AZUZ : Controversy leads off today 's show . It 's about an Islamic center that includes a mosque , an Islamic place of worship , and about where it might be built : a few blocks away from Ground Zero , the spot in New York that was attacked on 9/11 . Some people argue that it is insensitive to build a mosque so close to Ground Zero . In a recent CNN poll , nearly 70 percent of Americans were against this plan . Others say having the Islamic center there could help promote understanding . Last week , President Obama weighed in . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Muslims have the right to practice their religion as everyone else in this country . That includes the right to build a place of worship and a community center on private property in lower Manhattan . AZUZ : Okay , now some people took that statement to mean that the president is in favor of the Ground Zero mosque . A day later , he claimed he was talking about a larger issue . OBAMA : I was not commenting , and I will not comment , on the wisdom of making a decision to put a mosque there . I was commenting very specifically on the right that people have that dates back to our founding . AZUZ : President Obama is taking some heat for how he 's handled this situation and for what he 's said . REP. PETER KING ,  R  NEW YORK : If the president was going to get into this , he should have been much more clear , much more precise . And you ca n't be changing your position from day to day on an issue which does go to our Constitution , and it also goes to extreme sensitivity . So , that 's where I am critical of the president , for not being clear . AZUZ : Putting aside the political reaction , there 's a personal reaction to the proposed mosque . Listen to what a couple New Yorkers had to say about it . WOMAN ON THE STREET : I think it 's terrible . It does n't have anything to do with freedom of religion . It 's making a point . There 's plenty of realty all over Manhattan . There 's plenty of realty everywhere . It should n't be here . MAN ON THE STREET : I 'm glad he interjected because the Muslims have the right to prayer . It 's Ramadan . We have synagogues , we have churches everywhere . I 'm proud of him ; I 'm proud of the United States . Blog Promo AZUZ : Definitely controversial , an issue that people have a lot of strong feelings about . We want to hear yours ! If you go to CNNStudentNews.com , you scroll down a bit and click on our blog , "  From A to Z With Carl Azuz , " you can weigh in . What do you think about a mosque being built near Ground Zero ? Are you for it , against it ? And why ? Log on and share your thoughts today . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The United States has the world 's largest economy . It 's true ! The U.S. is the biggest . As far as the second largest goes , though ... Second Largest Economy ? AZUZ : And that 's where things get a little tricky . See , Japan has been the world 's second largest economy , but China is catching up . According to a new report , over the last quarter -- the last three months -- China passed Japan . That does n't necessarily mean China has taken over the number 2 spot . We have to wait until the end of the year to find out about that . But as Emily Chang explains , it might be a foregone conclusion . BEGIN VIDEO EMILY CHANG , CNN CORRESPONDENT , BEIJING : According to these new numbers , Japan 's economic output in the second quarter fell slightly short of China 's . Now , for a long time , it has not been a question of if , but when China 's economy would overtake Japan 's as the second largest economy in the world . But , and this is a big but , if you look at the numbers for the first half of this year so far , Japan 's economy is still bigger than China 's . So , analysts are saying we have to wait until after the end of this year , until we get the final numbers for 2010 , before we can make a judgment on this . There are a lot of factors at play here . In Japan , the economy is obviously slowing down , stimulus efforts are slowing down , exports are down and domestic demand is flat . The yen is also at a 15-year high against the dollar , so that makes Japanese exports more expensive for overseas customers . But here in China , the economy is also showing signs of slowing down . GDP growth in the first quarter fell from 11.9 percent to 10.3 percent in the second quarter , and stimulus efforts here are also on the verge of slowing down . And if indeed China does revalue its currency soon , that would make Chinese exports more expensive for overseas customers . So analysts , while most of them seem to agree that China will overtake Japan as the second largest economy in the world some time this year , we do have to wait for those annual numbers for 2010 to come out . Emily Chang , CNN , Beijing . END VIDEO So What ? AZUZ : Okay , China 's economy is getting bigger . So what ? Well , experts figure this stuff out by looking at the value of everything that a country makes . If your economy 's growing , that means you 're making and selling more products . So , China 's making a lot of stuff . And the U.S. -- remember , the U.S. has the largest economy -- it 's making a lot , too . And that could mean competition between the U.S. and China to sell all the products that they make . It could also mean opportunities for the countries to do more business with each other . Sound Check SOUNDS OF MILITARY EXERCISES Military Exercises AZUZ : That military drill lasts for 11 days . It happens every year ; the U.S. and South Korea work together to make sure they 're prepared to defend South Korea , as the U.S. and that country are allies . South Korea 's president says the military exercises are specifically designed to prepare against any threat from North Korea . We mentioned yesterday there 's been a lot of tension between these two countries . North Korea offered its own response to the military drills . It threatened to "  deal a merciless counterblow to the U.S. imperialists " and to South Korean "  traitors . " Kids Sleeping AZUZ : Well , I know a lot of you are dragging right now ; that switchover from sleeping late in summer to school hours can be a beast . Would it make any difference to you if the school bell rang a half-hour later ? I 'm working on a report about that , looking for your input ! Tell us when you think the bell should ring . Tell us on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com ! Football Heat AZUZ : So , we have established that school is back ; so is football ! Some of you players have probably been hitting the practice field for a while now . No matter what team you 're on , this time of year , most everyone 's facing a common opponent : the heat . Reynolds Wolf shows us how a major college program beats the heat . BEGIN VIDEO REYNOLDS WOLF , CNN WEATHER ANCHOR : Each season , the Texas Longhorns face bitter rivals like the Sooners or Aggies . But an even tougher foe is the intense Texas heat . SHERROD HARRIS , QUARTERBACK , UNIV. . OF TEXAS : I do n't think I 've ever gotten used to this heat . The best way I 've been able to adjust to it is drink more Gatorades or waters . WOLF : Hydration : it is one method UT trainer Kenny Boyd stresses . But he also employs high-tech methods . KENNY BOYD , UNIV. . OF TEXAS : Try 100.23 . WOLF : Kenny will pull a player from the field when their body temperature reaches 103 . BOYD : That 's when you can start to exhibit some of the more significant signs or symptoms of someone in heat stress . When they get to 104 , that 's when we pull them from practice or the workout . WOLF : This is me after 20 minutes of light workout in the 105 degree heat . Longhorns , like most players in training , will undergo intense workouts in 45-minute intervals . While doing so , Kenny looks for danger signs . BOYD : Disorientation , any kind of decreased mental acuity , someone that 's beginning to labor a lot more in their drill . How about we go cool off ? WOLF : That sounds great . Wow . One method is this shirt , fitted with a stem that allows a blast of cool air to fill its chambers . Not quite as high tech , but more effective , is this , the rapid cooling tub . Whoa ! May be crude , but it works . And that 's the mission of trainers like Boyd to keep their players safe . BOYD : A lot of us in athletic training have been witness , or been a part , or know people that have had to deal with someone that 's suffered from heat stroke or from a heat crisis . And that has really shaped some of the passion and some of the concerns that we have as a staff today at the University of Texas . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Finally today , when you hear about a police chase involving someone in black and white stripes , this probably is n't what you had in mind . The zebras did n't escape from the zoo . They were actually somebody 's pets ! They got scared by a dog , jumped the fence and took off , and scared local residents and led local authorities on a wild zebra chase around the neighborhood . When they were eventually caught , we can only assume how embarrassed the animals were by the whole incident . Goodbye AZUZ : It probably left them black and white and red all over . Seriously though , zebras as pets ? That owner must have a wild life . Whoo ! CNN Student News returns tomorrow . We 're gon na look forward to seeing you then .	Consider a controversy surrounding a proposed Islamic center near Ground Zero Examine how China 's economy might soon become the second largest in the world Take the field to learn how a college football program tries to beat the heat Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  The police chief in Ferguson , Missouri , is expected to step down as part of the effort by city officials to reform the police department , according to government officials familiar with the ongoing discussions between local , state and federal officials . But Chief Thomas Jackson and the city 's mayor say the reports are n't true . Under the proposed plan , after Jackson leaves , city leadership would ask the St. Louis County police chief to take over management of Ferguson 's police force . The announcement could come as soon as next week . It would be one step in what local officials hope will help reduce tensions in the city as the public awaits a decision on whether the St. Louis County grand jury will bring charges against Officer Darren Wilson in the fatal shooting of Michael Brown . "  The animosity that existed in Ferguson were way before Mike Brown 's shooting , justified or not . So , unfortunately , the leadership in the police department has to change , " said CNN legal analyst Mark O ' Mara . "  And if he 's sort of a sacrificial lamb to get this started , it 's going to have to be . Ferguson 's going to have to more forward . And it does n't seem they can move forward with this police chief in place . " Jackson said Tuesday he is not being pushed out . "  Nobody in my chain of command has asked me to resign , nor have I been terminated , " he said on the phone to CNN . And Ferguson Mayor James Knowles said there is no plan in place for the police chief to step down . When asked whether the federal government was pressuring the city to force out the police chief , he told CNN : "  People have been saying that for months , I mean for him to step down . But we 've stood by him this entire time . So there is no change on that . " The St. Louis suburb drew national attention after protests erupted following Wilson 's shooting of Brown , an 18-year-old unarmed African-American . Wilson , who is white , has n't been charged in the case , though a grand jury is hearing evidence that could lead to an indictment . CNN analyst Michael Smerconish think Jackson 's removal , if true , is indication that the grand jury may decide not to indict the officer . "  To me this is all calibrated and intended to take the temperature down of the community , " Smerconish said . "  I 'm absolutely convinced we 're headed for no indictment in this case . Jackson had faced criticism over his department 's handling of the Brown shooting and the protests in its aftermath . Last month , weeks after the Justice Department announced it was investigating Ferguson police , Jackson told CNN he would not step down despite calls for his ouster . "  I 've talked to a lot of people who have initially called for that and then changed their mind after having meetings and discussions about moving forward , " he said . "  Realistically , I 'm going to stay here and see this through . " Speaking about his job and the fallout over the Brown shooting , he said , "  This is mine , and I 'm taking ownership of it . " Justice Department investigators are looking at the Ferguson Police Department 's use of force , analyzing stops , searches and arrests and examining the treatment of individuals detained at Ferguson 's city jail , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has said . That complicates plans expressed by some officials who want to dissolve the entire Ferguson Police Department and turn over law enforcement to county police . In an interview with CNN last week , Holder said the Justice Department was looking at the leadership of the Police Department as part of its ongoing investigation of the department 's practices . "  We have an ongoing -- having a practice investigation into the Ferguson Police Department . And we 're looking at a whole variety of things , including the leadership of that department , the practices that the department engages in , the nature of the interaction between the department and the community that it is supposed to serve , " Holder said . "  So I think it 's a little premature for me at this point to comment on the leadership of the Ferguson Police Department . That is certainly something that we are looking at . " Last month , Jackson released a video apology he said was directed at Brown 's parents and the peaceful demonstrators who took to Ferguson 's streets to protest the teen 's death . "  The right of the people to peacefully assemble is what the police are here to protect . If anyone who was peacefully exercising that right is upset and angry , I feel responsible and I 'm sorry , " he said . He also acknowledged that the incident had sparked a larger conversation about societal issues . "  Overnight I went from being a small-town police chief to being part of a conversation about racism , equality and the role of policing in that conversation . As chief of police , I want to be part of that conversation . I also want to be part of the solution , " he said . He conceded that Ferguson and the surrounding areas have "  much work to do . " "  For any mistakes I 've made , I take full responsibility . It 's an honor to serve the city of Ferguson and the people who live there . I look forward to working with you in the future to solve our problems , and once again , I deeply apologize to the Brown family , " he said . Later that day , he waded into the crowd at a protest and apologized again . Some people seemed satisfied by his apologies . But not everyone was anxious to hear from him . One man shouted into a bullhorn : "  If you are not resigning tonight , go home . " Complete coverage on Ferguson shooting and protests CNN 's Sara Sidner , Meridith Edwards , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Ana Cabrera and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Asked whether there 's a plan for police chief to step down , Ferguson mayor says no Jackson has faced criticism over his department 's handling of the Michael Brown case He apologized last month but said he would not resign
Egypt 's new president slammed the Syrian government and called for support for opposition forces Thursday . Egypt 's Mohamed Morsy called President Bashar al-Assad 's government "  an oppressive regime that has lost its legitimacy . " He said backing the opposition is "  a moral obligation , and a political and strategic step that comes in our belief of a new independent Syria . " Morsy made the remarks at the Non-Aligned Movement summit in Iran , whose theocratic Shiite regime backs al-Assad . It was the first visit by an Egyptian president to Iran since the Islamic revolution in 1979 . Two weeks ago , at the Organization of Islamic Cooperation 's summit in Saudi Arabia , Morsy spoke of Egypt , Iran , Saudi Arabia and Turkey working together to deal with the Syrian crisis . He was quoted by Egypt 's Ahram Online as saying "  it is time for the Syrian regime to leave . " On Thursday in Iran , the Syrian delegation at the summit walked out in protest during Morsy 's speech and returned after he finished . The president 's remarks were being aired live on Syrian state media , but they were cut short . Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Al-Moallem on State TV called the remarks inciting and an interference in Syria 's internal affairs . Morsy 's support of the Syrian opposition reflects his solidarity with the people who took to the streets during the Arab Spring , the popular label for the democratic movements that swept across the Middle East and North Africa last year . The grassroots opposition that forced the departure of President Hosni Mubarak and the collapse of his autocratic and pro-West regime last year led to this year 's democratic election of Morsy . Egypt is the most populous Arab country and is very influential , and Morsy 's remarks underscore the isolation of al-Assad 's regime in the Arab world , particularly among Sunnis . Al-Assad is opposed by Sunni nations like Saudi Arabia and Qatar , and his domestic opposition is predominantly Sunni . His regime is dominated by minority Alawites , an offshoot of Shiite Muslims . Morsy is long affiliated with the Muslim Brotherhood 's political movement , which is a traditionally Islamist movement . In other developments : Rebels report shooting down a jet The Free Syrian Army shot down a military jet fighter in Idlib province , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . Amateur video shot by activists shows an aircraft with smoke coming from it and the pilot ejecting from the aircraft . There was no immediate reaction from the Syrian government . Bread lines attacked , rights groups says Syrian forces have bombed and fired near 10 bakeries in Aleppo province , killing dozens and maiming others , Human Rights Watch said Thursday . In one attack two weeks ago , at least 60 people died , the group said . "  Day after day , Aleppo residents line up to get bread for their families , and instead get shrapnel piercing their bodies from government bombs and shells , " said Ole Solvang , a researcher at Human Rights Watch , who has just returned from Aleppo . "  Ten bakery attacks is not random -- they show no care for civilians and strongly indicate an attempt to target them . " Government forces attack ` terrorist groups ' At least 94 people died across Syria on Thursday , the LCC said . At least 26 of those deaths occurred in Damascus and its suburbs and an additional 26 in Idlib province . Syrian state media said military forces attacked "  armed terrorist groups " Thursday in various provinces , including Aleppo . "  The operations resulted in the killing and injury of a large number of terrorists and the destruction of their dens , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said . The government has said its forces are battling terrorists , a term the regime uses to describe those seeking the president 's ouster . Demonstrators protest president 's remarks Protesters took to the Damascus streets Wednesday night after a pro-government television station aired an interview with al-Assad . In the interview , he said Syria is getting better and moving forward . Crowds chanted and carried placards slamming the president 's comments . "  It has been a while since we laughed , so go ahead & let us hear your nonsense , " one placard said . U.S. gives Syrian opposition tips on governance The United States is training the Syrian opposition on governance as more areas slip from regime control . The State Department says the programs address issues such as civil administration , human rights and other services . Council members are learning "  the kinds of things that they might need from the international community as they begin to rebuild their towns , " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . "  They 're asking for help in how to budget . They 're asking for help in how to keep utilities running . How to ensure that the institutions of the state that , you know , provide services to the population , come back up and running . Tunisia urges more nations to step up to the plate Tunisia , the small North African nation where the Arab uprisings began last year , is calling on other countries to help with relief efforts . State media reported that Tunisian Foreign Minister Rafiq Abdul Salam urged other nations to help Jordan , which is under a heavy financial burden because of the influx of Syrian refugees fleeing the conflict .	At least 94 people have died Thursday , the LCC said Egypt 's Morsy says helping Syria 's opposition is "  a moral obligation " The Syrian delegation at the Iran summit walks out in protest during Morsy 's speech Protesters take to the streets after Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's interview
CNN  -- As a young Army officer in Vietnam , Jack Jacobs walked into an ambush that killed dozens of his troops in just a few seconds . He responded by single-handedly fighting off repeated Viet Cong attacks . He overcame his own life-threatening injuries to make several trips through enemy fire to evacuate allied wounded . He saved 14 lives . His country decorated him with the Medal of Honor . More than 40 years later , Jacobs , a retired colonel , and his fellow Congressional Medal of Honor recipients are bringing their conspicuous gallantry to the cause of education . They are offering students priceless lessons in character , courage and selfless service . This time , Jacobs is asking for our help . In his current mission , Jacobs is raising money to endow the Medal of Honor Character Development Program . The program provides teacher training , video tools and lesson plans for schools to integrate character education into curricula . Medal of Honor recipients speak to students , in person or via teleconference . It 's embarrassing that Medal of Honor recipients have to ask for support . We should be begging them to do it . Schools in 38 states are experimenting with the program . Early feedback is positive . Among participating teachers and students , overwhelming numbers say they would recommend the program to others . When asked the most important thing they learned , students report things like sacrifice , honor and courage . A remark from one student sums up what Jacobs and others are trying to get across , that Medal of Honor character lies within all of us . "  The people are ` normal ' people , " she said , referring to the Medal of Honor recipients , "  so it could be us that become heroes . " For a rigorous test , the Medal of Honor Foundation needs more secure footing for the program . So the Medal of Honor recipients , defined by history , have chosen to be obsessed with the future . "  We ca n't do anything about the past . It 's gone . Maybe we can improve today , but we better move fast . It 's almost gone , " Jacobs said . "  Tomorrow is the only thing we can fix . " Jacobs knows about the past . On March 9 , 1968 , as a 22-year-old officer in Vietnam , he demonstrated a kind of heroism that only a few Americans know . His company commander was wounded in the ambush . Jacobs took command and repositioned the troops . The Medal of Honor citation explains the rest : "  Despite profuse bleeding from head wounds which impaired his vision , Capt. Jacobs , with complete disregard for his safety , returned under intense fire to evacuate a seriously wounded advisor to the safety of a wooded area where he administered lifesaving first aid . He then returned through heavy automatic weapons fire to evacuate the wounded company commander . Capt. Jacobs made repeated trips across the fire-swept open rice paddies evacuating wounded and their weapons . On 3 separate occasions , Capt. Jacobs contacted and drove off Viet Cong squads who were searching for allied wounded and weapons , single-handedly killing 3 and wounding several others . His gallant actions and extraordinary heroism saved the lives of 1 U.S. advisor and 13 allied soldiers . " When President Nixon presented Jacobs with the Medal of Honor in October 1969 , there were close to 400 living recipients . Today , there are 79 . Vernon McGarity died May 21 . The retired sergeant was 91 . James Stone died in November . The retired first lieutenant was 90 . William Charette , retired from the Navy , died in early 2012 . He was 79 . And so on . Jacobs will turn 68 in August . He can do the math . From the Iraq and Afghanistan wars , there are four living Medal of Honor recipients . The older ones , older men  one woman received the Medal of Honor , in 1861  from older wars , are facing a shared mortality , decades after many of their individual actions defied mortality . "  We feel the unrelenting press of time , " Jacobs said . It is fitting that for their last act of service , these Medal of Honor recipients are fighting for the future of America 's ' children , not to memorialize their heroics . It is up to a private philanthropy , the Congressional Medal of Honor Foundation , to do what the government has not . We need to guarantee a future for the Character Development Program . It is our chance to hold on to the best of our nation . Jacobs , a foundation board member , believes that a $ 20 million endowment would secure the Character Development Program 's future -- beyond the lives of the 79 living recipients . The urgency is real . With our collective resources , the price tag is a bargain . When I asked Jacobs to tell me about that day on the Mekong River back in March 1968 , he demonstrated the kind of selflessness that distinguishes Medal of Honor recipients . "  You can look it up , " he said , preferring to speak about the service of others , not his own experience . He shared the incredible story of another Medal of Honor recipient , Tibor Rubin , an Army corporal whose experience in a Chinese prison camp from 1950-53 carries unmatched lessons in character , courage and selfless service . You can look it up . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Bare .	John Bare : Medal of Honor recipients looking to share their view of character and courage Their foundation is testing educational programs in schools in 38 states , he says Bare says the medal recipients sacrificed for America and deserve our support There 's real urgency because the number of medal recipients is dwindling , he says
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Israeli forces have arrested a wanted Hamas leader accused of planning one of the worst suicide attacks on Israel , the Israeli military announced Wednesday . An Israeli solider guards the hotel on the first anniversary of the suicide bombing . Omar Jabar was wanted by Israel for six years "  for his direct responsibility in carrying out " the 2002 Passover suicide bombing in Netanya that killed 30 Israelis and left 143 wounded , the Israel Defense Forces said . Israeli military and security forces nabbed Jabar -- identified as the head of Hamas in the Tulkarem area -- in a West Bank village near Tulkarem overnight Tuesday , the Israel Defense Forces said . He was arrested a day before the six-year anniversary of the attack , one of the deadliest in Israeli history . On March 27 , 2002 , a suicide bomber walked into the seaside Park Hotel and made his way toward a dining room , where he detonated his explosives as 227 people were eating their Seder meal . According to IDF , Jabar recruited the person who dispatched the suicide bomber , introducing him to the head of the Hamas in Tulkarem at the time , Abed Sayad . The IDF says Sayad told Israeli investigators that he and Jabar met and began working together in 1994 during a stint in prison . After the Passover attack , the Israeli military said Jabar continued to recruit militants to Hamas and over the past year was involved in their combat training . He hid from Israeli forces in villages near Tulkarem , using his family members to send coded messages to Hamas operatives "  in order to lead the Hamas terror organization in Tulkarem , finance his and other militants ' terrorist activity and purchase weapons , " the IDF said . Israel and the U.S. considers Hamas a terrorist organization . Its military wing , Izzedine al Qassam , has admitted responsibility for terrorist attacks against Israeli civilians as well as attacks against the Israeli military . It also operates an extensive social services network in the Palestinian territories and won parliamentary elections in 2006 . Last year , it seized control of Gaza from the rival Fatah group , which backs Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . E-mail to a friend	Israel says it has arrested the man behind a bombing that killed 30 people Omar Jabar is accused of recruiting and training Hamas militants 2002 Passover suicide bomb exploded in Netanya hotel packed with diners Jabar was arrested a day before the six-year anniversary of the attack
EW.com  -- Chuck Norris does n't endorse presidential candidates -- he anoints political saviors . The actor , an avowed Republican , explains at the outset of an epic editorial on WND that , "  As a six-time undefeated middleweight world karate champion , I have a pretty good idea what makes a warrior . " In the nearly 1,400 words that follow , the fiery-spirited , flame-haired Golden Boot Award winner lays out the "  the trifecta of tyranny " that Newt Gingrich , his new favorite Republican candidate is facing . Namely , foe Mitt Romney 's massive funding , the dreaded mainstream media  MSM  , and the "  elite power mongering " forces within the GOP party itself . As you might expect , Norris 's editorial is peppered with phrases that would make you think Gingrich is a ninja assassin under siege of a thousand enemies -- not a doughy former college professor . Check out the top five soundbites below . Honorable mention : " -LSB- Nancy Pelosi -RSB- chapped my hide -LSB- with -RSB- her clear audacity , arrogance and vindictiveness when she vehemently retorted like the wicked witch of the west : ` Mark my words : That man will not be elected ! ' " 5 . "  Newt spanked  with great audience fanfare  CNN 's John King at the South Carolina presidential debate ... -LSB- and showed his -RSB- ability to shut down the power grid of the MSM . " 4 . "  While Romney decries that he is not a Washington insider , it is amazing to me that he gloats over the roughly 72 Washington elite who endorse him compared with Newt 's 11 . Rather than a badge of honor , that 's a thorn of shame . " 3 . "  Personally , I feel the entire future debate system should be derailed from the media 's control and played out exclusively on C-SPAN with questions being fed entirely via the Internet from citizens around the country . " -LSB- In Chuck Norris 's world , political debates should be argue-to-the-death cage matches in the style of "  The Running Man " or "  The Hunger Games . " -RSB- 2 . "  We must send someone in there who will turn over the establishment to resurrect the principles of our founding fathers and restore our republic . " 1 . "  One can not , in any way , underestimate the grisly enormity of this triple-headed monstrosity . It is a Goliath of ginormous proportions . And let there be no doubt : Only heaven and earth combining their forces will overcome this gargantuan foe . " -LSB- Bonus points for use of non-word "  ginormous . " Chuck Norris does n't follow the rules of grammar -- he rules grammar . -RSB- Considering the colorful language and battle-ready atmosphere permeating the GOP primaries , is there anyone better to throw his hat in the ring than Norris ? Then again , given Norris 's losing history of endorsements  Mike Huckabee in 2008 , Ron Paul just last year  , should he throw in the towel as a political kingmaker ? Or would the world be a lesser place without his vivid verbal artistry ? Also , now that Donald Trump has endorsed Romney , are you ready for the iron-fisted ginger to face off against the big-mouthed duck ` do ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chuck Norris on Newt Gingrich : "  I have a pretty good idea what makes a warrior " He lays out the "  the trifecta of tyranny " that his new favorite Republican candidate is facing Norris 's editorial would make you think Gingrich is a ninja assassin
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Arriving at the London premiere of his self-titled mockumentary dressed in an enormous bearskin hat , cropped red army tunic and barely there hot pants , flamboyant Austrian fashionista , "  Bruno , " paid sartorial tribute to the British as only he knows how . Bear-ing all : British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen 's latest comic creation Austrian fashionista , Bruno , hits the red carpet . Waxed to perfection and flanked by a group of muscular black men dressed like a camp Queen 's Guards , the gay fashion reporter flounced down the carpet to greet his public . "  Vassup CNN ! Lookin ' hot , " Bruno said to CNN . "  I do n't want any attention ; I 'm not here to promote my movie . " "  Bruno , " which hits cinemas in most territories next month , is the latest comic creation of British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen , who last shocked , insulted and delighted audiences in 2006 with Borat , Kazakhstan 's "  Most Famous Broadcaster . " Bruno continues the unique approach to comedy Baron Cohen honed with characters like uneducated , loutish jungle music fan Ali G and then homophobic , anti-Semitic Kazakh journalist Borat . Watch "  Bruno " on the red carpet " His specialty is characters who say the unsayable : like Bruno 's carpet quip that his new film is "  the most important movie starring a gay Austrian since ` Terminator 2 , ' " in joking reference to the married  and firmly heterosexual  Austrian Terminator star , Arnold Schwarzenegger , now Governor of California . In pictures : Bruno offers fashion advice to CNN " Baron Cohen puts his creations in real-life situations and uses them to draw unsuspecting participants into letting well-hidden prejudices slip out , engage in embarrassing behavior or contradict themselves . Characters like Bruno and Borat "  essentially work as a tool , " Baron Cohen told UK paper The Observer in a rare out-of-character interview : "  By himself being anti-Semitic , he lets people lower their guard and expose their own prejudice . " Baron Cohen 's approach courts controversy . "  Borat : Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan " opened to a wave of outrage from race-relations campaigners . This time it is gay-rights campaigners who are up in arms . "  Sacha Baron Cohen 's well-meaning attempt at satire is problematic in many places and outright offensive in others , " Rashad Robinson , senior director of media programs for the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation told the New York Times . While some critics may suggest that his films may reinforce prejudices , others disagree . "  It is difficult to accuse Cohen of making films that are racist or homophobic , " Aubrey Day , Editor-in-Chief of Total Film magazine told CNN . "  He takes characters and exaggerates them for broad comic value , but I do n't think there 's any credence in the idea that he supports any of those ideals . " But Baron Cohen certainly knows how to manipulate the media . The 37-year-old has been whipping up anticipation for "  Bruno " with a series of attention-grabbing , hilarious stunts . In September last year , he brought chaos to the hallowed fashion shows of Milan when he stormed the catwalk of designer Agata Luiz de la Prada 's show dressed in a Velcro suit with clothes from backstage stuck all over it . Most recently , he descended from the ceiling at the MTV Movie Awards wearing nothing but a pair of angel 's wings and a skimpy thong before "  falling " onto irate rapper Eminem 's face . Eminem stormed out of the awards but later admitted he knew about the stunt beforehand . "  Borat " debuted at number one in the U.S. box office and went on to gross $ 300 million in box office and DVD sales . Industry experts are predicting an even bigger return for "  Bruno . " The secret of the Baron Cohen comedy phenomenon may lie in his combination of laughs with something a bit deeper : namely his ability to highlight prejudices and hypocrisies . "  What he does very well is hold a mirror up to a lot of society 's current ideals and expose them for what they are , " Day told CNN . "  That is one of the joys of his films . "  You can enjoy them on a simple level , in that they are very funny , but hopefully you also come away thinking , or maybe re-thinking some of your attitudes . "	"  Bruno " paid tribute to British icons in a bearskin hat at London movie premiere The Austrian fashionista is UK comedian Sacha Baron Cohen 's latest creation "  Bruno " has already caused controversy with gay rights campaigners Baron Cohen 's comedy holds a mirror up to many of society 's ingrained prejudices
CNN  -- A computer-science detective story is playing out on the Internet as security experts try to hunt down a worm called Conficker C and prevent it from damaging millions of computers on April Fool 's Day . This piece of computer code tells the worm to activate on April 1 , 2009 , researchers at CA found . The anti-worm researchers have banded together in a group they call the Conficker Cabal . Members are searching for the malicious software program 's author and for ways to do damage control if he or she ca n't be stopped . They 're motivated in part by a $ 250,000 bounty from Microsoft and also by what seems to be a sort of Dick Tracy ethic . "  We love catching bad guys , " said Alvin Estevez , CEO of Enigma Software Group , which is one of many companies trying to crack Conficker . "  We 're like former hackers who like to catch other hackers . To us , we get almost a feather in our cap to be able to knock out that worm . We slap each other five when we 're killing those infections . " The malicious program already is thought to have infected between 5 million and 10 million computers . Those infections have n't spawned many symptoms , but on April 1 a master computer is scheduled to gain control of these zombie machines , said Don DeBolt , director of threat research for CA , a New York-based IT and software company . What happens on April Fool 's Day is anyone 's guess . The program could delete all of the files on a person 's computer , use zombie PCs -- those controlled by a master -- to overwhelm and shut down Web sites or monitor a person 's keyboard strokes to collect private information like passwords or bank account information , experts said . More likely , though , said DeBolt , the virus may try to get computer users to buy fake software or spend money on other phony products . Experts said computer hackers largely have moved away from showboating and causing random trouble . They now usually try to make money off their viral programs . DeBolt said Conficker C imbeds itself deep in the computer where it is difficult to track . The program , for instance , stops Windows from conducting automatic updates that could prevent the malware from causing damage . The program 's code is also written to evolve over time and its author appears to be making updates to thwart some of the Conficker Cabal 's attempts to neuter the worm . "  It is very much a cat and mouse game , " DeBolt said . It 's unclear who wrote the program , but members of the Cabal are looking for clues . First , they know that some recent malware programs have come from Eastern European countries outside the jurisdiction of the European Union , said Patrick Morganelli , senior vice president of technology for Enigma Software . Worm program authors often hide in those countries to stay out of sight from law enforcement , he said . In a way , the Conficker Cabal is also looking for the program author 's fingerprints . DeBolt said security researchers are looking through old malware programs to see if their programming styles are similar to that of Conficker C . The prospects for catching the program 's author are not good , Morganelli said . "  Unless they open their mouth , they 'll never be found , " he said . So , the most effective counter-assault simply may be damage control . One quick way to see if your computer has been infected is to see if you have gotten automatic updates from Windows in March . If so , your computer likely is fine , DeBolt said . Microsoft released a statement saying the company "  is actively working with the industry to mitigate the spread of the worm . " Users who have n't gotten the latest Windows updates should go to http://safety.live.com if they fear they 're infected , the company 's statement says . DeBolt said people who use other antivirus software should check to make sure they 've received the latest updates , which also could have been disabled by Conficker C . The first version of Conficker -- strain A -- was released in late 2008 . That version used 250 Web addresses -- generated daily by the system -- as the means of communication between the master computer and its zombies . The end goal of the first line was to sell computer users fake antivirus software , said Morganelli . Computer security experts largely patched that problem by working with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to disable or buy the problematic URLs , he said . That process-of-elimination approach is n't likely to be effective with Conficker strain C , Morganelli said . The new version will generate 50,000 URLs per day instead of just 250 when it becomes active , DeBolt said . The first iteration of Conficker is thought to have grown out of a free function for security programs created by Dr. Ronald Rivest , a computer science professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . "  Any technology can be used for good or evil , and this is just an example of that , " Rivest said . Many viruses have taken pieces of benevolent programs and used them for ill . But overall the "  open source " environment online promotes computer security far more than it enables hackers , DeBolt said . "  I do n't blame the open-source community at all " for virus attacks , he said . CA said it recently found a piece of code in Conficker C that says the worm will become active on April 1 . Previous versions of the malicious software launched on specific dates noted in the program code , so the April Fool 's Day launch date is not likely to be a trick , DeBolt said . "  The best minds in the industry are working on this to protect customers , " he said . "  We 're trying to reduce the impact of the April 1 date as best we can . But we know ... this malware will continue to evolve . "	The Conficker C computer worm is expected to activate on April Fool 's Day The worm lets a master computer take over infected zombie PCs It 's unclear what the program 's author plans to do with all the power A group called the Conficker Cabal is trying to hunt down solutions
CNN  -- The case of a missing 2-year-old boy who disappeared from an Arizona campground more than a week ago has turned into a criminal investigation , the Yavapai County sheriff announced Monday . Syler Newton was last seen shortly after midnight July 24 , sleeping in a tent with the family at the Beaver Creek Campgrounds . About 1:45 a.m. July 25 , the family noticed that he was missing from his sleeping bag . "  The sheriff 's office believes Syler did not wander from the campground and he is presumably dead , " Yavapai County Sheriff Steve Waugh told a news conference Monday . "  The search effort is now in a recovery mode and the investigation has become criminal in nature . " Waugh said investigators have spent the past three days searching more than 200 tons of garbage in a nearby landfill "  to try to determine if in fact the boy 's body was there . " About 50 people , along with highly trained bloodhounds , had joined in the search for Syler , who was wearing only a diaper when he disappeared , according to Yavapai County Sheriff 's spokesman Dwight D'Evelyn . The bloodhounds , normally used by the state Department of Corrections for tracking down escaped felons , failed to detect the boy 's scent outside the immediate campground area , investigators said as they described an exhaustive search that included aerial surveillance , scuba teams and underwater cameras . "  Anything we could have done in that area has been searched , " one investigator said Monday . Syler was camping with his custodial mother , Christina Priem , and her children , when he disappeared . Priem has said she was in the process of adopting the boy from his biological mother . D'Evelyn said last week that that "  there 's no evidence " that the planned adoption played a role in his disappearance , "  but until we 've exhausted every lead , all possibilities are being investigated . " About 25 other people were at the campgrounds the night of Syler 's disappearance -- all of whom have cooperated with investigators , according to the sheriff 's office .	"  The investigation has become criminal in nature , " sheriff says Syler Newton was reported missing in the early morning hours of July 25 The search effort has turned to one of recovery , sheriff says
Mashable  -- Sony is not having a good year . As the company scrambles to get the PlayStation Network and Qriocity music service back online , it 's suffering from yet another security breach . This time it 's a hacker attack on various websites associated with Sony Pictures . A team of individuals going by the name LulzSec , who recently managed to deface PBS.org 's homepage , announced that they have broken into SonyPictures.com and compromised more than 1 million user accounts . An additional 75,000 music codes and 3.5 million coupons were also uncovered . The attack , part of a campaign known as Sownage , was announced on Twitter and on the LulzSec website . LulzSec said that it did n't have enough resources to copy all the data that it was able to access . But the group did manage to grab a collection of databases that contain thousands of usernames . The accounts , presumably associated with any sort of registered activity on SonyPictures.com  or its subsidiaries or partners  , contain information like passwords , email addresses , dates of birth and other Sony opt-in data . This certainly is n't as dangerous as the information that was exposed during the PSN hack , but it could still be used to gather access to more important accounts elsewhere . The scariest part of this attack is n't what was taken , but how easy it was for the LulzSec members to take it . According to the groups own press release , access to the main Sony Pictures website was gained using a very basic tactic called a SQL injection . We have n't had a chance to examine the released files to see what this injection was , but it 's likely that an out-of-date software stack and relatively unprotected web server made passing the injection trivial . LulzSec says that all of the information it took was unencrypted . "  Sony stored over 1,000,000 passwords of its customers in plaintext , " says the hackers ' press release , "  which means it 's just a matter of taking it . " Seeing as this is the second security breach of a major Sony-branded website in just outside of a week , we have to ask : Is anyone at Sony employed to handle web security ? Sure , managing a large number of brands and properties that are often connected in name only has to be a challenge , not to mention the logistical and administrative challenges of managing websites that can store millions of user profiles . Still , that does n't make up for what by all appearances is an abysmal security record . LulzSec has been on a tear , infiltrating the websites and databases for the UK television program , "  The X Factor , " parts of Fox.com , Sonymusic.co.jp and many parts of PBS.org in the past three weeks alone . The attacks , while often juvenile in nature and execution  the Lulzsecurity.com website plays the theme from "  The Love Boat "  , underscore just how important it is for brands to keep their web servers updated , hardened and monitored . In the age of simple publishing tools like WordPress , it 's easy for managers to underestimate the importance of having someone on contract or on staff to keep data encrypted and protected . We can only hope the most recent cyber attacks convince executives to think seriously about investing in online security . See the original article on Mashable.com © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	This is the second security breach at Sony in just over a week Hacker LulzSec announces they have compromised more than 1 million user accounts Attacks underscore just how important it is for brands to keep their web servers updated
CNN  -- Police and FBI agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a Jersey City , New Jersey , home , FBI spokesman Sean Quinn said . Niranjan Desai discovered the 20-year-old AT4 anti-tank rocket launcher tube , a one-time-use device , lying on her lawn Friday morning , police said . The launcher has been turned over to U.S. Army officials at the 754th Ordnance Company , an explosive ordnance disposal unit , at Fort Monmouth , New Jersey , Army officials said . The launcher "  is no longer operable and not considered to be a hazard to public safety , " police said , adding there was no indication the launcher had been fired recently . Army officials said they could not determine if the launcher had been fired , but indicated they should know once they find out where it came from . The nearest military base , Fort Dix , is more than 70 miles from Jersey City . The Joint Terrorism Task Force division of the FBI and Jersey City police are investigating the origin of the rocket launcher and the circumstance that led to its appearance on residential property . "  Al Qaeda does n't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies , " said Paul Cruickshank of New York University Law School 's Center on Law and Security . A neighbor , Joe Quinn , said the object lying on Desai 's lawn looked military , was brown , had a handle and strap , and "  both ends were open , like you could shoot something with it . " Quinn also said the device had a picture of a soldier on it and was 3 to 4 feet long . An Army official said the device is basically a shoulder-fired , direct-fire weapon used against ground targets -- a modern-day bazooka -- and it is not wire-guided . According to the Web site Globalsecurity.org , a loaded M136 AT4 anti-tank weapon has a 40-inch-long fiberglass-wrapped tube and weighs just 4 pounds . Its 84 millimeter shaped-charge missile can penetrate 14 inches of armor from a maximum of 985 feet . It is used once and discarded . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Carol Cratty , Dugald McConnell , and Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Empty anti-tank weapon turns up in front of New Jersey home Device handed over to Army ordnance disposal unit Weapon not capable of being reloaded , experts say
CNN  -- Ray Rice was an idol for many a football fan , old and young . But in my town of New Rochelle , New York , he was n't merely a Pro Bowl running back who ran on average more than 1,000 yards for six seasons . No , Ray Rice was a hometown hero . The city of New Rochelle held an annual Ray Rice Day , where he returned to the local high school  his high school  and taught hundreds of kids the basics of football . He was revered at city hall . The Boys and Girls Club made him the honored guest at the annual fundraiser . I attended that event , and fell in love with him . He was n't merely a football star -- he was a normal guy who refused to forget his roots and gave back to the community . He truly inspired kids to work hard and stay in school . At one of the charity events , I bought my children a Ravens helmet with Rice 's signature in gold pen . My kids loved it . They took turns visiting with the helmet , and keeping it in their rooms . I felt great supporting a charity and bringing Ray Rice closer into our lives . This week , the full video of Ray Rice slugging his fiancée  now wife  in an elevator , and then dragging her unconscious body out and leaving it on the floor , became public . Suddenly I feel duped , dirty by association . I want that helmet exorcised from my house . But I ca n't just do that . I helped build Ray Rice into the good guy/role model to my kids and now I have to explain to them why I am not proud of him . Heroes have fallen before Ray Rice . Lance Armstrong . Mark McGwire . Pete Rose . Tiger Woods . Michael Vick . All once adored , all with glory stripped when the public learned of their transgressions . With Ray Rice , though , it feels different . We have never before had a video of a hero 's horrendous behavior available in such graphic , undeniable detail . With almost every middle - and high-schooler having a cell phone , the Ray Rice video went viral before the kids came home on the school bus . How does an 11-year-old interpret this : a big , strong football player knocking out his girlfriend , then barely lifting a finger to help her ? How can a 16-year-old high school running back reconcile the unheroic man in the video with the guy on the poster on his bedroom wall ? This very complicated , very uncomfortable story offers parents an opportunity worth taking . Who wants to sit down at dinner to discuss domestic violence ? You should . Parents must have this conversation . It 's important . Here are five points to touch on , for starters : • Call it what it is . Your kids should know the video depicts domestic violence . Many kids wo n't know what this means . Explain that it is when people in an intimate relationship become physically violent or emotionally cruel to their partner . There are any number of potential reasons : Ray Rice and Janay Palmer appeared to be involved in a heated argument ; maybe he has a short fuse ; maybe it was some other reason altogether . None of this matters . There is nothing a person can say or do that would make it OK to hit that person . Hitting a spouse , a partner , is unacceptable ; it 's never justified . It 's assault and is against the law . • Why would Ray Rice become violent with his girlfriend ? The answer is : We really do n't know . Domestic violence is a learned behavior . It is n't due to genetics , addiction or mental illness  This is why this conversation is so important  . A person 's willingness to act on the urge to abuse a loved one may have roots in his family life growing up , his observation of the way intimate relationships among relatives , friends and others in the community are conducted , behaviors he 's observed in the media , and personal experience , especially if that included praise for aggression . • Why did she marry him after he abused her ? Every case is different , but there are a few reasons that crop up repeatedly in research on domestic violence . Men who batter are often -- and this is hard to comprehend -- very charming . After an incident of abuse , they are often contrite , apologetic and overtly loving , vowing never to repeat the behavior . However , abuse is cyclical . Statistics show that most likely , without extensive treatment , an abuser will do it again . And time and time again , the victim will forgive the abuser . But as time passes the abuse will become more violent and more frequent . • Is he a bad guy ? Ray Rice did a very bad thing . Not because it was caught on tape but because he hit her , and no one has any right to hit another person . It is never a solution in a conflict . People are not necessarily good or bad . They are complex . Ray Rice has shown that he needs help . With counseling and perhaps other treatment -- and the desire to change -- many abusers can become good partners . But it takes work and commitment . Time will tell . • Will he go to jail ? Ray Rice will probably not go to jail . He was given the opportunity to go to a program to help people on their first offense . If he is n't caught again , he will stay out of jail . Parents should end the conversation by explaining some of the signs that a person is experiencing domestic violence or in a potentially dangerous relationship . Tell them that if your partner isolates you , repeatedly puts you down , tries to control what you do and who you are with , or if you are sometimes afraid of getting hurt , it 's very important to share this with a parent , counselor or friend . Ray Rice video prompts stories of #WhyIStayed , #WhyILeft Domestic violence happens in all communities , in every religion and in every socioeconomic group . It can happen in married relationships , unmarried relationships , among the elderly , and in teen romances , too . Make sure your children know , by watching you , what a loving relationship looks like . Lastly , continue the conversation long after Ray Rice has faded from the spotlight . When your children start thinking about dating , make sure to continue to let them know what a loving relationship is , what you expect from them , and what they should expect from a partner .	Catherine Pearlman : Ray Rice was hometown hero in her town of New Rochelle Her kids , like many others , revered him . How to explain abusive video they 've all seen ? She says it 's crucial to discuss : Explain what domestic abuse is ; that it 's never OK to hit Pearlman : Tell them people are complex , flawed , can be helped . Demonstrate love at home
CNN  -- America , meet Timothy Bradley . Apparently you are n't very familiar with his work . He 's a professional boxer , pretty good one , too . He 's won three world championships . But he 's not particularly loud and boastful . Nor does he carry a big punch . Nor is he an imposing physical presence , standing just 5-foot-6 . He just wins . Saturday night , at the MGM Grand , in front of a pay-per-view audience , he gets to show Americans what they have been missing . A career that started when a rambunctious 10-year-old found his way to the gym in Palm Springs , California , culminates in a 12-round test against one of the two best fighters in the world . Bradley , with 28 wins and no losses  one no contest  , gets his chance of a lifetime against Manny Pacquiao , whom we 're pretty sure you have heard of . Casual fans , on the whole , think Bradley has no chance . Boxing analysts will say he can win -- if -- but you get a sense they do n't think he has much of a chance either . Sports Illiustrated 's Bryan Armen Graham predicts a knockout . Pacquiao on boxing and politics "  There 's a lot of pressure riding on this , " Bradley said by phone while on his team bus a week ago . "  By winning this fight , this changes our lives forever . We 'll be able to put some money in our pockets , and by winning a huge fight like this we can secure our futures . " Bradley will get at least $ 5 million  plus money from the pay-per-view sales  , by far the biggest payday of his career . He promises he will put the money away , so when he retires , he , his wife and three children will have plenty and he wo n't ever have to come back to the fight game . If you ask anyone outside the Bradley camp why he could win , they do n't necessarily point to one thing he does particularly well in the ring . It 's his will . "  Tim Bradley , in almost every respect is a B-plus fighter but he has A-plus determination that makes him special , " said Max Kellerman , a CNN contributor and an analyst for HBO , which like CNN is owned by Time Warner . Bradley said he can not be outworked . He means in the ring -- and out . On Kellerman 's show "  Face-Off , " Bradley 's trainer and Pacquiao 's sparred over who works harder in the gym . "  I do n't think there 's anybody that trains harder than this guy , " Joel Diaz said . "  Manny will train harder than him and that 's why we 'll win , " Freddie Roach retorted . "  I do n't think so , " Diaz answered , a bemused smile crossing his face . "  They do n't know , they do n't know , " Bradley added . "  They do n't know where I come from . They do n't know my background . " Bradley said his determination comes from life in the tough neighborhood of the North End in Palm Springs . Let 's just say there are n't any manicured lawns in that section of town . There was plenty of trouble to be found . Bradley got suspended in second grade for fighting . He got suspended in fourth grade for fighting . He once punched another kid a couple of times for nudging him -- with his wheelchair . When he was 10 , the story goes , a friend told him to take his butt to the Palm Springs Boxing Club . Bradley told his dad he wanted to give boxing a shot . Big Ray , as Timothy Bradley Sr. is known , said sure , as long as you listen to your coach -- me -- which sometimes required a good dose of understanding . Once during a workout at the family home , Big Ray , a security officer , wanted to use a medicine ball , but there was none around . "  He goes out into the desert and gets a rock , " the younger Bradley told HBO , which followed both Bradley and Pacquiao  54-3-2 , 38 KOs  as they prepared for the fight . "  He gets a rock ! ... He 's trying to hit me with a rock on my stomach . " Bradley said his dad pushed him until he would cry , then would tell him "  You think this is hard , wait until you get in that ring . " Kellerman said he talked to the elder Bradley about the difficult training , and Big Ray said his influences were hard-assed football coaches and that was the way he trained his son . Big Ray was also able to use boxing as an enticement to his son , a poor student . The grades and discipline improved when Bradley 's parents threatened to hold him out of the ring . Big Ray has been in his son 's corner for every fight , through more than 140 amateur battles and his rise through the 140-pound division . As he 's fought bigger fights for bigger purses , Bradley has added a few people to his staff , but not many . He likes to keep his team small , preferring family and a few close friends . It 's a matter of trust , he said . He just does n't let many outside people into his circle . It 's not like he 's an introvert . On the contrary , he 's a sociable , friendly guy whom everyone likes . He 's definitely not a thug like he was when he was a child . It 's a form of protection . "  It 's a way to keep the leeches out , " he said . "  I 'm making some money now , and lot of people change . " Lots of strangers come up to him , shove a card in his hand and offer something . Bradley wonders , "  Where were you 10 years ago , eight years ago when I was struggling ? " Where were they before he left to fight Junior Witter in 2008 , when he boarded the plane to England with just $ 11 in the bank , knowing he could n't lose . If he did , he would n't be able to afford to be a full-time fighter . When you watch videos of the two boxers doing their running , the stark difference in the entourages hits you like a Pacquiao straight left . What seem like a dozens people or more follow the Filipino legend , while Bradley jogs alone or with a brother-in-law . But unlike training runs of the past , Bradley spends a lot more time waving to folks in the neighborhood . His celebrity has taken off since he signed to fight Pacquiao . Everywhere he goes he stops for pictures , signs autographs , takes a little time to talk to his supporters . The big-money fight has also afforded him the opportunity to add some specialists to his staff . Bradley , who commits to a vegan diet during training camp , has hired a chef from his favorite restaurant to come to Las Vegas so he wo n't have to eat in the hotel restaurants and fret that he might eat the wrong thing . He has a new massage therapist , who is the wife of his strength coach . Got ta keep it in the "  family , " he reminded . "  You do n't want just anybody laying hands on you , " he said . There is no doubt that Pacquiao will lay his hands on Bradley plenty on Saturday . Kellerman said Pacquiao 's best chance for a knockout will come early . If it goes past five rounds , well , "  That 'll be a dogfight . " Finding the next Manny Pacquiao Bradley has n't seemed overwhelmed by increased media attention , the increased fan adoration , the increased pressure from getting in with the mighty Pacquiao . "  Once I set foot in that ring it does n't matter who you are , it does n't matter what you 've done , " he said . He echoed earlier comments that his preparation for this fight , essentially the past 18 years , will ensure a legendary victory . "  I do n't care if he climbed Mount Everest . I do n't care if he 's walking on water . This is about me , " he told reporters last week . "  Every morning I wake up and look at myself in the mirror . If I am at my very best , I will win the fight . I will be victorious . I put in the time , the dedication and the hard work . "	Timothy Bradley has 29 professional fights and no losses Saturday he takes on one of the best fighters in the world , Manny Pacquiao Bradley 's celebrity has recently taken off , but many do n't know his story He grew up in the bad part of Palm Springs , California , trained by his dad
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- The Yemeni government has lost control over five provinces , and security in the country is deteriorating , the nation 's acting president told CNN in an exclusive interview Wednesday . In his first interview with a Western TV network , Vice President Abdu Rabu Mansoor Hadi detailed how U.S. drones are using voice recognition to target al Qaeda leaders and help the government win back control . Hadi has been Yemen 's acting president since June 3 , when President Ali Abdullah Saleh was wounded in an attack on the mosque at the presidential palace . During Wednesday 's hour-long meeting , Hadi said Saleh 's wounds from what he described as an assassination attempt were so severe that he has no idea when the president will return from medical treatment in Saudi Arabia . Hadi said he saw Saleh immediately after the bomb attack . The 68-year-old ruler 's chest had been pierce by a piece of wood and his face , arms and upper body had been burned , Hadi said . But , he added , the president 's health was improving daily . The interview in the sprawling and heavily defended defense ministry underlined the many challenges facing the vice president , who many in the opposition consider to be a weak placeholder until the president returns from Saudi Arabia . He acknowledges that his house is surrounded by opposing forces , but he challenges claims that he is unable to use the presidential palace . Hadi says he calls Saleh 's son , commander of the powerful Republican Guard at the palace , whenever he wants to give him orders . He countered opposition accusations that he has no power , saying he has been given full authority to sign a new , U.N.-sponsored peace proposal . He outlined plans that are even less favorable to Saleh 's opponents than a Gulf Cooperation Council initiative he has already turned down . Hadi said the new deal would have Saleh stepping down only when a new president has been elected , a far cry from the Gulf Council proposal that would have Saleh handing power to Hadi after 30 days with new elections within 60 days . At times , Hadi -- who lived in Britain during the 1960s -- shifted uncomfortably in his seat , even joking at the end of the interview that he felt he 'd been through an interrogation . Nevertheless , he gave a robust defense of Saleh , challenging the widely held view that the embattled leader is now part of the problem , rather than part of the solution . Saleh still has 3 million supporters , Hadi said . "  He is part of the political balance here in Yemen . He has been an expert in dealing with all differences , and with all political and tribal differences , " Hadi said . When asked how al Qaeda may have been taking advantage of deteriorating security , Hadi said government forces were targeting them aggressively . He detailed an ongoing operation in the southern Abyan province , where the capital recently fell to al Qaeda . He also gave an account of how U.S. spy planes eavesdrop on al Qaeda conversations , running voice recognition analysis that is shared with Yemeni authorities , the CIA and the FBI before targets are attacked . Hadi said there are two types of drones . "  One is taking pictures and collecting information , and the other one is carrying missiles . Drones carrying missiles , actually these missiles could not be fired ... unless the voice of the enemy himself is recorded , " he said . Often , he said , the United States provides the targeting information and Yemeni military forces carry out the attacks . Hadi offered few insights into how he plans to end Yemen 's spiraling economic hardships , growing fuel and power shortages and rising food prices -- issues that have sparked massive anti-government protests over the past several months and have worsened sharply since the president left for treatment in Saudi Arabia . But he said he expected Saleh to make a speech to the nation in the coming hours that will help change the situation . And he said the U.N.-sponsored peace proposal will create a new , parliamentary political system in Yemen , "  so it will wipe out or vanish any grievances , any complaints . " Saleh went to Saudi Arabia for treatment after doctors examined him shortly after the attack in early June . They recommended he get attention from specialists , including an eye doctor . Since arriving there , he said , the president had been improving and fully intends to return . But when asked when that would be , he said he did not know . "  It could be months . This is a decision up to the doctors . ... I have no idea about the exact date when he is coming , " Hadi said . In Washington , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Adm. Mike Mullen said the chaos in Yemen has been a source of concern to the United States for years . "  Al Qaeda , the federated group that 's in Yemen , is an incredibly dangerous group that has taken full advantage of the chaos that has been in that country , " he told the National Press Club . But , he added , the military can not provide the whole answer . "  The security piece is a necessary condition , but it is insufficient in and of itself and it 's taken us a long time to figure that out . "	NEW : "  There 's not a military answer anywhere , " says Adm. Mullen Yemen 's vice president says President Ali Abdullah Saleh will return VP Abdu Rabu Mansoor Hadi says two types of U.S. drones targeting al Qaeda Saleh 's injuries are so severe that it 's unclear when he will return , Hadi says
Oprah.com  -- Are you truly happy ? If you were presented with a group of people you 've never met , could you determine who was really satisfied with their life ? A panel of five people took a test to see how happy they really are . Based on this picture and a brief description , see if you can tell who is the happiest ! From left to right : Peggy , Noreen , Lachelle , David and Lorrie . Peggy  pictured on far left  is a 44-year-old married mother of two teenage boys who works as the bookkeeper of the family business . Last year , both her father and her sister died , and her mother has been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease . Noreen  second from the left  is a 52-year-old divorced mother of two college kids . She 's an avid swimmer and works in the operations department of a major airline . Lachelle  middle  is 27 years old , married and has no children . She works two jobs and has two dogs . Last year , four of her friends and two of her family members died within six months of each other . David  second from the right  is 53 years old , and he 's been a funeral director for 30 years . He is married and has two sons . Lorrie  pictured on far right  has been married for 15 years and has six children . She works in retail and also serves as the vice president of her PTA . Peggy , David and Lachelle scored the highest on the satisfaction scale , while Noreen and Lorrie scored the lowest . Satisfaction for Peggy is achieved by surrounding herself with happiness . The most important thing ? Her husband . "  He is there for me . He does n't only love me , he appreciates me and makes me feel good , " Peggy says . Happiness does n't depend on money , she says . It 's about enjoying the simple things . "  Every morning I have a ritual . After the boys have left , -LSB- my husband and I -RSB- get in the hot tub , and it 's our time . We talk about what is going on for the rest of the day . It is just our quality time just to stay connected . " David , the funeral director , says he 's developed phrases that help him keep a positive outlook . "  I will say , ` It 's a marvelous Monday . It 's a terrific Tuesday , ' " he says . Although he deals with death daily , David says his job is anything but depressing . "  Most people look upon funeral service as a sad profession . I look upon it as a profession where I 'm helping people at a very difficult time in their lives , " he says . "  Being successful in life is not what really matters . Being significant in life is really the core root of what matters . " Lachelle says she lives by the philosophy , "  Negative out , positive in . " She says she believes happiness is a conscious effort . "  It 's about claiming what 's yours . If you want a positive life , you need to think positively and act positively , " she says . "  I do my best not to compare myself with others . I 've always felt that what one person has may not be destined for me . " Dr. Robert Holden has dedicated his life to studying the pursuit of happiness . The psychologist is the founder of the Happiness Project in England and the author of 10 best-selling books , including "  Happiness Now ! " Dr. Holden says those looking for happiness often do n't realize they already have it . It 's a lesson that he says he was lucky to learn at age 18 from a spiritual teacher . "  He said , ` Look , actually , Robert , you 're already happy . ' And I said , ` Well , that 's great , but I do n't feel it . So tell me , what do I have to do ? ' " Dr. Holden recalls . "  And he said , ` You have to understand that the pursuit of happiness is a mistake . It 's like , you do n't chase happiness out there . You learn that you 're happy inside you , and then you go running . Then you go into the world . ' " When looking at the guests who scored the highest on the happiness scale , Dr. Holden says he instantly recognizes the keys to their satisfaction . For David , it 's his job . "  Your job just helps you to have a great perspective on life , which is , ` We 're just here for a short spell , and it 's really important to make the most of it , ' " Dr. Holden says . Lachelle uses the law of attraction to stay happy , Dr. Holden says . "  Lachelle , basically what I see is that you 've chosen to be an optimist . You have had some difficult times in your life , and you 've had bad circumstances , but you 've made great choices . And this is how the law of attraction works , " he says . "  What I found is that basically we have beliefs about life , and our perception gathers evidence to prove that our beliefs are right . So an optimist believes that good things can come from bad situations . " After taking the happiness test , Noreen found that she received the lowest score possible -- a 5 out of 35 . So how can Noreen find fulfillment ? Dr. Holden says to look within her heart . "  What really occurs to me is ... you are such a good person . ... But I realized that you 've not made some of the best choices in your life in the past , " Dr. Holden says . "  Those choices , I think , are being motivated really by a lack of what I call self-acceptance , which is where we somehow do n't believe we deserve any more than we have . " The law of attraction could make a big difference for Noreen , Dr. Holden says . "  The way the law of attraction works is that as we increase our self-acceptance , we attract more happiness , " he says . Dr. Holden says Noreen needs to realize she is , indeed , a great person . One way she can do that is to surround herself with people who already know that . "  I think it 's also great to have some friends around you who can remind you , because we do forget , " Dr. Holden says . Noreen says she feels like she 's taking her first step on the road to happiness . "  I feel like I 'm starting . I can feel it , " she says . Lorrie scored in the middle range of the satisfaction test and says people often mistake her for being happy because she puts on a false front , whether she 's being a room mom for one of her six children or attending a PTA meeting . Dr. Holden gets to the root of her dissatisfaction . "  You 're so good at helping everybody else , I think you 're in danger of leaving yourself out of your own life , " Dr. Holden says . "  What we have here is a classic what I call a martyr ethic , which is where we 're putting everybody else first instead of ourselves . " In fact , Dr. Holden says Lorrie can help herself and give an important gift to her family -- her own happiness . "  I know you ... want your children to be happy , and I tell you this : You ca n't just tell them to be happy . You show them with your example . And that 's the big key , " Dr. Holden says . Lorrie can start today by simply asking for help . "  I think the big mistake here , and it 's a common one , is that we try to do our lives by ourselves , " Dr. Holden says . "  It 's time to stop being a super mom and start being a real mom . " From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " "  How Happy Are You ? " E-mail to a friend Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Expert : Many looking for happiness do n't realize they already have it Funeral director finds happiness in job by helping grieving people Lachelle claims happiness even in a bad situation Expert : Good friends can remind you that you 're a good person
CNN  -- Citing recent attacks , the United States on Wednesday announced that it has suspended public services at its embassy in Sanaa , Yemen . "  Due to recent attacks against Western interests in Yemen , we have temporarily suspended operations of our Embassy in Sana'a to the public , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . "  We continue to evaluate the security situation every day , and we will reopen the embassy to the public once it is deemed appropriate . " She described the move as a "  precautionary step . " The temporary suspension of operations is due to a reemergence of a threat from several weeks ago that the United States thought it had disrupted , according to a U.S. official with specific understanding of the current situation . A credible threat to the U.S. Embassy emerged around March , the official said , in the same time frame that a video appeared showing some 100 al Qaeda operatives in Yemen , including several who had broken out of jail the month before . The United States thought that threat had been disrupted by a number of Yemeni actions , including , but not directly related to a series of U.S. drone strikes and Yemeni military operations in early April . But in recent days , the threat stream has reemerged , the official said . It is currently assessed to be credible and somewhat specific in terms of the embassy being the target , according to the source . The United States is still attempting to corroborate the threat and determine whether there is a specific time and date , as well as any other specific locations . A second U.S. official said the suspension of the embassy activity was based on credible information about threats to Western interests . The senior official was not sure whether the threat was embassy-specific . There have been no evacuations of the embassy . The U.S. intelligence community has struggled in recent months to track al Qaeda in Yemen via electronic intercepts because the group has changed its communications , following disclosures last year of U.S. eavesdropping methods . Still , the United States is using electronic tracking , satellite imagery and operatives on the ground to try to determine what may be planned . The United Kingdom , meanwhile , advised against travel to Yemen and urged all British nationals to leave the country . "  There is a high threat from terrorism throughout Yemen and specific methods of attack are evolving and increasing in sophistication , " the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said in a statement . It continued : "  Al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  has previously targeted western interests and there could be a threat to commercial sites , transport infrastructure , diplomatic missions and any place where westerners gather . " Al Qaeda affiliate groups gaining strength Al Qaeda gunmen kill French EU worker in Yemen State media : Dozens of militants killed in Yemen CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : UK issues warning , advising against travel to Yemen A State Department spokeswoman describes U.S. action as "  precautionary step " "  We will reopen the embassy to the public once it is deemed appropriate , " she says Al Qaeda threat disrupted in April reemerges , says a source
