CNN  -- Syrian security forces flooded the restive cities of Daraa and Latakia on Monday , patrolling the streets , protecting government buildings and in at least one case clashing with protesters , according to witnesses . Both cities have been the scene of violent clashes between protesters and security forces in recent days , with at least 37 deaths since last week , according to the U.N. Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights . In Daraa on Monday , forces filed into the city 's main square before dawn , tearing down the tents and anti-government signs of about 100 protesters who were staying there overnight , according to one eyewitness . The forces fired shots into the air and turned water cannons on the protesters , the witness said , leading to a clash with hundreds of nearby residents who rushed to the square to defend the demonstrators . The resulting confrontation lasted about 30 minutes , reportedly without injuries or arrests , according to the witness . Another witness said the army was blocking the city on three sides and that security forces , surrounding government buildings and the Al-Omari mosque where some protesters remained , had opened fire . The witness was not aware of any injuries . Syria 's state-run news agency said the government denied firing on protesters , calling the allegations "  completely false . " Political dissident Aman Aswad , who is in Daraa , said the city is extremely tense . "  People are sitting at home scared , watching the updates on TV , " he said . In Latakia , another eyewitness said mysterious men in black shirts carrying sophisticated weapons terrorized residents overnight , firing into the air and banging on the doors of homes . "  We do not understand who these men are but government officials say they are members of a ` foreign group , ' " the witness said . "  We all think they are lying about this because every time one of them is captured and handed over to the police he is released . " Hundreds of government troops have also filtered into the Latakia and are guarding public buildings and other important sites , the witness said . CNN could not independently confirm the accounts because the Syrian government has yet to grant access to the network . Syria is the latest in a string of Arabic-speaking nations beset with discontent over economic and human rights issues . Syria 's discontent is centered Daraa , a southern city in the impoverished country 's agricultural region , where security forces and anti-government protesters have sporadically clashed for nearly two weeks . Thousands of protesters marched Friday to the governor 's building in Daraa , where they burned pictures of President Bashar al-Assad and toppled a statue of his father , the late President Hafez al-Assad , according to a witness who identified himself only as Adbullah . Aswad , a political dissident , said dozens of people appeared to have been killed or wounded in clashes with security forces during those protests . In Latakia , government blamed "  armed gangs " who seized police weapons on the violence last week that led to the deaths there of 10 security force members and civilians and two gunmen , according to the Syrian state-run news agency , SANA . The agency reported that 200 people , most of them security forces , were wounded by the gangs . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton criticized Syria 's government over the violence on the CBS Sunday morning news show "  Face the Nation . " "  Certainly we deplore the violence in Syria , " she said . "  We call as we have on all of these governments during this period of the Arab awakening , as some have called it , to be responding to their people 's needs , not to engage in violence , permit peaceful protests and begin a process of economic and political reform . " CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report .	NEW : Witness : Syrian security forces move to disperse protesters in Daraa NEW : Mysterious black-shirted men terrorize residents in Latakia , witness says Daraa is extremely tense , according to a witness U.N. : At least 37 people have died in clashes between protesters and security forces
Rolling Stone  -- There 's an idea at play in this rampant idiocy , as well as considerable risk . In trying to introduce a new generation to the slapstick art of the Three Stooges , directors and co-writers Bobby and Peter Farrelly do it the hard way . Instead of a standard biopic that might explain how a 1930 's vaudeville act called the Three Stooges -- brothers Moe and Curly Howard and their friend Larry Fine -- made their Hollywood mark with nearly 200 short films that featured the boys slapping , poking and punching each other senseless , the Farrellys decided to hit the 2012 multiplex with a trio of Stooges shorts set in the present . Kids know the short clips on "  Funny or Die , " do n't they , even if they never caught the Stooges online or DVD . And besides , audiences with short attention spans are bigger than ever . And if the Farrellys could n't cast their movie with lookalikes , they would find three actors willing to be silly putty in their mischievous hands . And so , to play Larry , skilled clown Sean Hayes  "  Will and Grace "  transforms himself by shaving his head down the middle , letting prickly tufts of Larry-like hair protrude on the sides . As baldy boy Curly , "  Mad TV 's " Will Sasso steps up with the needed rolypoly charm . And to play Moe , the bossy ringleader of Stooge domination , there 's Greek-born Chris Diamantopoulos with a bowl cut and Brooklyn accent  "  Soitenly "  that is Moe to the life . Once Sean Penn had designs on playing Larry , as Benicio del Toro had on Moe and Jim Carrey on Curly . But Hayes , Sasso and Diamantopoulos do themselves and the Stooges proud . The movie is a mixed bag . A theme runs through all three shorts . The Stooges , abandoned at birth at a Catholic orphanage , must now save the place from being closed in an economic turndown . They need $ 830,000 to save the kids and the nuns , including Mother Superior  Jane Lynch playing a straight man  , Sister Bernice  Sports Illustrated model Kate Upton  , Sister Rosemary  Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson  and , most memorable of all , Sister Mary-Mengele  Larry David in full drag and crankier than ever  . The plot gets overcomplicated when the villainous Lydia  "  Modern Family 's " Sofia Vergara  , offers to pay the Stooges what they need to off her nerd husband , Teddy  Kirby Heyborne  , a former orphan himself . The actors deserve a full-throated woo-woo-woo ! But the gags do n't blossom with repetition . The Stooges were always better in short doses . And 90 minutes of PG nyuk-nyuk-nyuk can seem like an eternity . Even when Moe hooks up with the cast of "  Jersey Shore , " this century 's bottom-feeding purveyors of lowbrow comedy , the jokes grow stale . For the Farrellys , "  The Three Stooges " is a labor of love . For non-believers , it 's merely a labor . See the full article at EW.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Peter Travers : The Farrelly present a trio of Stooges shorts set in the present Travers : Sean Hayes , Will Sasso and Chris Diamantopoulos do the Stooges proud Travers : "  The Three Stooges " is a mixed bag . A theme runs through all three shorts
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  A day after winning Nigeria 's presidency , Muhammadu Buhari told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he plans to aggressively fight corruption that has long plagued Nigeria and go after the root of the nation 's unrest . Buhari said he 'll "  rapidly give attention " to curbing violence in the northeast part of Nigeria , where the terrorist group Boko Haram operates . By cooperating with neighboring nations Chad , Cameroon and Niger , he said his administration is confident it will be able to thwart criminals and others contributing to Nigeria 's instability . For the first time in Nigeria 's history , the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections . Buhari defeated incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about 2 million votes , according to Nigeria 's Independent National Electoral Commission . The win comes after a long history of military rule , coups and botched attempts at democracy in Africa 's most populous nation . In an exclusive live interview from Abuja , Buhari told Amanpour he was not concerned about reconciling the nation after a divisive campaign . He said now that he has been elected he will turn his focus to Boko Haram and "  plug holes " in the "  corruption infrastructure " in the country . "  A new day and a new Nigeria are upon us , " Buhari said after his win Tuesday . "  The victory is yours , and the glory is that of our nation . " Earlier , Jonathan phoned Buhari to concede defeat . The outgoing president also offered a written statement to his nation . "  I thank all Nigerians once again for the great opportunity I was given to lead this country , and assure you that I will continue to do my best at the helm of national affairs until the end of my tenure , " Jonathan said . "  I promised the country free and fair elections . I have kept my word . " Buhari , 72 , will be sworn in on May 29 . He will take the helm at a critical time , as Nigeria grapples with Boko Haram , serious economic woes and corruption . This is n't Buhari 's first time leading Nigeria , but it 's his first time in nearly 30 years . A military coup brought Buhari to power in late 1983 , closing a brief period of popular rule by Shehu Shagari . But Buhari himself was ousted by another military coup in August 1985 . Read more : Who is Nigeria 's Muhammadu Buhari ? His presidential win is the result of his fourth attempt to lead the country since he was ousted 30 years ago . Buhari is a Sunni Muslim from Nigeria 's poorer North , while Jonathan comes from a Christian and animist South that is rich with oil . Buhari praised voters for exercising their right peacefully . "  Your vote affirms that you believe Nigeria 's future can be better than what it is today , " he said in his statement . "  You voted for change , and now change has come . " Buhari campaigned as a born-again democrat to allay fears about his strict military regime . He stressed that Nigeria 's security needs to be the next government 's focus . His campaign was also fiercely anti-corruption . He ran under the slogan of "  new broom , " and his supporters were often pictured holding brooms in the lead-up to the vote . Despite years of democracy , analysts say , corruption has hindered Nigeria from building a stable economy . One of Buhari 's biggest challenges will be Boko Haram , which has been terrorizing Nigeria as it tries to institute a strict version of Sharia law in the country . In the past few years , the terror group has bombed churches and mosques , killed hundreds of people and kidnapped more than 200 teenage girls from a boarding school . Even the presidential vote had to be postponed because of the radical militants . The election was originally scheduled for February 14 , but was delayed six weeks because the military needed more time to secure areas controlled by Boko Haram . Yet the violence persisted . On Saturday , residents in the northeastern state of Gombe said at least 11 people were killed in attacks at polling stations , apparently by Boko Haram extremists . Jonathan had been criticized for not doing enough to combat Boko Haram . Before the election , African affairs analyst Ayo Johnson said the vote would come down to who could make Nigeria feel safe . "  Many Nigerians will not forget  Buhari  was a military leader during a dictatorship , " Johnson said . "  Or maybe they will feel that they need a military leader to address fundamental problems such as terrorism . " Boko Haram is n't the only obstacle facing the new president . The economy is another major issue . Nigeria overtook South Africa last year as the region 's largest economy . Nigeria is one of Africa 's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the United States . It also hosts many international oil companies and workers . But many complain that the country 's vast wealth from oil exports does n't trickle down to the average citizen . As many as 70 % of Nigerians live below the poverty line , surviving on less than a dollar a day . Christian Purefoy reported from Lagos ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Stephanie Busari , Faith Karimi and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	Muhammadu Buhari tells CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he will fight corruption in Nigeria Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and is grappling with violent Boko Haram extremists Nigeria is also Africa 's biggest economy , but up to 70 % of Nigerians live on less than a dollar a day
Middlebury , Vermont  CNN  -- I 've spent most of my adult life -- over three decades -- in Vermont . To some degree , it has been like Eden itself , a shelter from the American storm : leafy mountains , red barns and white clapboard houses , quiet dirt roads with covered bridges , village greens , lots of fresh organic food , ex-hippies galore and the open waters of Lake Champlain , which treads a narrow path over 100 miles between the Green Mountains to the east and the Adirondacks to the west . The county where I live -- Addison -- has refused to let in the big box stores , such as Walmart and Costco We prefer our country stores , where you can buy anything from maple syrup and cheddar cheese to nails or diapers for a baby . Bernie Sanders , a socialist , is one of our two senators . We were the first state to allow civil unions . Soon , a single-payer health care system will be put into place -- a bold experiment that might show the rest of the country how to do such a thing . Rumor has it that the number of cows in Vermont exceeds the number of people . And we do n't get many hurricanes or tropical storms up here . They have n't been words in our local vocabulary . The problems with weather usually come in the dead of winter , and they involve large quantities of ice , which gather on the birch trees and bend them to the ground . I sometimes have to head to the nearby college where I teach -- a three-mile journey -- on cross-country skis . And that 's a satisfying mode of transportation . But as everyone knows by now , we just got hit by Irene , with devastating results -- especially on the eastern side of the Green Mountains . More than 200 roads were closed at one point , with stretches washed out by flooding streams . The lovely town of Brattleboro , once the home of Rudyard Kipling , was deep under water , and people are still trying desperately to clear away the mess . One famous old covered bridge is gone -- a pity , as we have the highest concentration of covered bridges anywhere in the United States , and it 's always a shame to lose one . Even where I live , on an old farm outside of Middlebury , on the western side of the state , we had winds that tore up trees by the roots . Power lines were down . Branches still litter the ground around my 150-year-old house , and several shingles were blown from the roof . The Otter Creek , which runs nearby , is dangerously swollen still , reminding me of that great line in T.S. Eliot : "  The river is a strong brown god . " I 've never seen the river this color before : deep brown . My youngest son , a feisty teenager , just asked me if he could swim in the creek . I told him about the people swept downriver only two days ago , one of them still missing . What is weird is how bright and calm the weather has become , leaving behind so much destruction , stirring up stories that will probably linger by the fireside for decades . The sky is suddenly clear as gin . There is no wind , just the aftermath of nature 's wrath . I feel a sense of awe , thinking of Irene , how it moved through us on a dark Sunday , churning through the night , turning the field beside my house into a pond . Now it has left us -- thank God -- having taken its nastiness elsewhere . It has left Vermonters to pick up the pieces one by one , like Adam and Eve after the Fall , having to deal with the fact that a snake came through the garden . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jay Parini .	Jay Parini : Vermont a haven of mountains , red barns , clapboard houses , covered bridges Bad weather comes in winter , he says , with ice bending trees and snow blocking roads Now , Brattleboro deep under water , ruined covered bridges and homes , Parini says Parini : Vermonters left to clean up in the calm , bright weather Irene left behind
BELFAST , Maine  CNN  -- As an account manager for credit card giant MBNA , Cate Colombo spent four years speaking to customers , answering questions about interest rates and waiving late fees . Cate Colombo and Kathy Elllingwood say they were told to use agressive selling tactics to push cash advances . Kathy Ellingwood did the same . She lasted only a year and a half before quitting this summer . The women worked in different departments at the sprawling customer call center in Belfast , Maine , yet they share similar stories about aggressive selling tactics they claim they were told to use to push cash advances , sometimes getting customers to max out their credit cards . "  Every customer who calls in is a mark . It 's a great big con , " said Colombo , who estimates that she alone sold almost a quarter of a billion dollars in the four years she worked for MBNA before it was bought in 2005 by Bank of America . Americans now carry $ 850 billion in credit card debt . Consumer groups are lobbying Congress to include better protection for credit card holders , demanding legislation to prevent what they call unjustified interest charges and deceptive practices , especially in light of the massive financial bailout now being considered . Colombo and Ellingwood said that within seconds of a customer 's call , they would have his or her entire credit history on screen , and they were trained what to say to sell people money . Ex-bank employees spill secrets " "  I would say 90 percent of the time , people were pragmatic . They would say , ' I do n't need $ 100,000 , ' and we would find a way to convince them they needed the money , " Ellingwood recalled . She said they would look for trigger words like , "  I 'm in financial difficulty " or "  I ca n't make my payments . " Colombo said other triggers were , "  I have to send my son to college . My car is not running . I 'm moving . " Colombo said some people even asked about getting a $ 50,000 cash advance -- usually at zero percent interest -- for a down payment on a house . And although that 's illegal , the former employees say they were trained to get around it by saying , "  I can not give you money to use as a down-payment on a home . However , what I can do is , I can deposit some money into your checking account , and once it 's there , the funds are there , it 's yours to do with what you please . " Bank of America told CNN , "  Only customers in good standing and with good payment history are able to access cash up to available credit line . " But Colombo and Ellingwood say they were told to sell hard to everyone . Once the customer agreed , they say , they would speed through intricate disclosure notices . Among the details , how a zero-percent or low interest rate could convert to as much as 28 percent if a payment was even a day late . "  You 're basically looking at people who need the money most , who may not be able to afford it , " Ellingwood said . Colombo remembers having a conversation with one man in his 90s . "  He had all this available credit , maybe $ 100,000 . I have my manager screaming , ` Colombo , you need to sell . You need to sell . You need to sell , ' " she said . Bank of America calls its terms "  clear and transparent . " But credit card lending practices have now gotten the attention of Congress . Consumer groups support a bill to curb what they call predatory lending . The American Banking Association opposes it , saying , "  Consumers have benefited from a competitive marketplace that allows for pricing based upon risk . " Americans for Fairness in Lending , which put CNN in touch with Colombo and Ellingwood , wants deceptive credit card practices included in the financial bailout legislation that is now before Congress . Its director , Jim Campen , said , "  We have n't identified any illegal practices . What we 've seen are practices that are highly unethical . It 's extraordinarily common . " The two women say their conversations were monitored , and the more they sold , the bigger their salaries . "  If you did n't do it , you got yanked off the phone , " Colombo said . She said a manager once yelled , "  You let your team down . You let the bank down . You let the stockholders down ! " Bank of America said it does not talk about individual cases but calls the allegations by the former employees "  incorrect . " Spokeswoman Betty Reiss said , "  Our call center associates are focused on serving customer financial needs and responding to questions about their accounts . " But Colombo said her performance reviews -- which she provided to CNN -- tell a slightly different story about selling tactics . In one , she is told by supervisors to be more aggressive : "  You can not sell what you do n't offer . " Another reads , "  Understand the importance of selling at the highest possible rate . " CNN asked whether the customer call center in Belfast was perhaps operating independently ; both women shook their heads and described an environment in which call centers across the country would compete with one another . "  I worked four 10-hour shifts . The goal was to make $ 25,000 an hour , which is $ 250,000 a day , which is $ 4 million a month , " Colombo said . Although Colombo does not know whether the practices were widely known at Bank of America headquarters in Delaware , she said this about her immediate managers : "  Everyone on that level knew what we were doing . We were being told to do what we did . " Do the women feel guilty about what they did ? "  Yes , without question , " Colombo said . "  Absolutely , " Ellingwood added . Americans for Fairness in Lending said it wants the Senate to ensure that consumers are protected from what it describes as the deceptive practices of many of the same financial institutions likely to benefit from the $ 700 billion bailout . The Credit Card Bill of Rights passed the House this week . But it 's opposed by the banking industry and the White House , which said it would lead to less access to credit and higher interest rates for consumers . For its part , Bank of America would not talk about individual cases or provide a copy of the disclosures that its accounts managers read to customers over the phone . It also refused to answer questions about training procedures for account managers at call centers across the U.S. However , the spokeswoman said the bank "  has nothing to gain by extending credit to people who do not have the ability to pay back . "	Ex-workers say bank told them to sell hard to get customers to max out credit "  It 's a great big con , " says Cate Colombo , a former bank employee Bank of America calls the allegations by former employees "  incorrect "
ATHENS , Greece  CNN  -- A strong earthquake jolted western Greece on Sunday , killing at least two people and trapping several people beneath collapsed buildings , according to officials and state-run media . Rescuers remove a victim from a collapsed building after an earthquake struck Greece Sunday . Another 37 were hurt as a result of the quake , many as they tried to flee their homes , Greek Interior Minister Prokopis Pavlopoulos said at a news conference in Athens . The temblor struck around 3:30 p.m. -LSB- 8:30 a.m. ET -RSB- and measured 6.1 in magnitude , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . Athens ' Geodynamic Institute registered the quake at 6.5 on the Richter scale -- which is no longer used by the USGS . Its epicenter was located about 20 miles -LSB- 32 kilometers -RSB- southwest of the Greek port city of Patras . Pavlopoulos immediately dispatched a rescue and recovery team , which includes members of five government agencies , to assess the damage and needs in the quake-stricken Peloponnese region . So far , most of those reported trapped have been removed -- including a 43-year-old villager who died after his house collapsed on him , the interior minister said . The other victim died of a heart attack while being rushed to the hospital , he said . "  This is a very serious quake , but there will be no evacuations , " Pavlopoulos said . iReport.com : Are you there ? Send pictures , video Video showed rescuers pulling an injured man from a collapsed building , quickly outfitting him with a respirator mask and loading him onto a stretcher . Watch rescuers pull out a survivor from rubble " It was "  no surprise " that a strong quake hit in the area , where earthquakes are common , according to Geodynamic Institute director Gerasimos Papadopoulos . People in Athens -- about 80 miles -LSB- 129 kilometers -RSB- east of the epicenter -- felt the ground shake for as long as 20 seconds . Due to its fault lines , Greece is one of the most quake-prone countries in the European Union . A quake and aftershock both measuring over 6.4 in magnitude struck near Kalamata off the southern coast of the Peloponnese peninsula in mid-February , causing no major damage or injuries . The last major earthquake in Greece was in 1999 and left about 100 people dead . Journalist Anthee Carassava contributed to this report	NEW : Two people killed ; several people trapped beneath collapsed buildings Strong earthquake measuring 6.1 hit southern Greece Epicenter was about 20 miles southwest of port city of Patras Athens -- about 80 miles east of the epicenter -- felt the ground shake
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of inmates , many of them insurgent fighters , slipped out of a southern Afghanistan prison early Monday through a nearly quarter-mile tunnel dug beneath the compound from the outside . The Taliban issued a statement taking responsibility for the escape from the prison in Kandahar , the Taliban 's birthplace . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahed said digging the tunnel took five months . The escape took four and a half hours , he said . The Taliban claimed 541 prisoners escaped . The NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said the number of escaped prisoners was closer to 470 . The Taliban said 106 of the escapees were military commanders , but there was no immediate government confirmation of the claim . Police recaptured eight of the escapees , the Kandahar governor 's office said . Monday 's break was the second dramatic escape at the prison in three years . In 2008 , as many as 1,000 prisoners -- nearly half of them Taliban members -- escaped after militants detonated a truck bomb against the side of the prison compound . The prison houses some of the country 's most dangerous Taliban prisoners , and the escape was an embarrassment for the Afghanistan government and its Western allies , according to CNN National Security Analyst Peter Bergen . "  It 's , I think , quite a black eye for the U.S. and NATO and the Afghan government , who have put quite a lot of resources into trying to improve the prison systems , and here you have this massive prison break , with sadly , some pretty hardcore Taliban prisoners who escaped , " he said . Waheed Omer , a spokesman for Afghan President Hamid Karzai , called the mass escape "  bad news and a disaster . " Although the Taliban said some of the escapees were military commanders , it 's unlikely the escape will have a significant impact on military operations in Afghanistan , said Thomas E. Gouttierre , director of the Center of Afghanistan Studies at the University of Nebraska in Omaha . "  I do n't think I would see this as a big blow to Western efforts in Afghanistan , " he said . Instead , he said Afghanistan 's government is likely to bear the brunt of criticism for failing to anticipate or prevent the escape , especially after previous escapes at this and other prisons . In the 2008 escape , militants used a truck loaded with about two tons of explosives and driven by suicide drivers to blast holes in the mud brick walls of the prison . A gun and rocket battle followed , lasting several hours and ending with militants rushing into the prison on motorcycles to free prisoners , according to Taliban accounts of the attack . Nine guards , seven prisoners and one civilian were killed in the attack , according to the provincial government . Security forces said they tried to track down the escaped prisoners , but said the large Taliban presence in the region and the numerous hideouts located there made it difficult to hunt down militants . Kandahar is the birthplace of the Taliban and has been the site of fierce fighting between international forces and insurgents . It has been the site of numerous anti-Western demonstrations , recently over the burning of the Quran , Islam 's holy book , by a pastor in the United States . On April 15 , the police chief of Kandahar province was killed when a man wearing a military uniform detonated a bomb at the entrance to the police headquarters . In February , 10 people died when mines exploded at a playground during a picnic hosted by a former police commander . In a separate incident , 19 people , including 15 police officers , died when armed attackers targeted police headquarters . After attacks on the country 's ministry of defense , the assassination of the police chief and now Monday 's prison break , Kandahar resident Kari Ghar said it 's "  impossible to call this system a government . " "  This is the worst possible weakness of the Afghan government that almost every single political prisoners escape from the central jail in Kandahar , " Ghar said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Kandahar resident : "  Impossible to call this system a government " Taliban claims 106 of the escapees were military commanders Afghan president 's office calls jail break a "  disaster " The Taliban claims to have facilitated the prison break by digging a tunnel
CNN  -- If you want a place to see the majestic sweep of the Milky Way -- or even any star at night -- then put Hong Kong at the bottom of your must-visit list . The local urban night sky is as much as 1,000 times brighter than international norms making it the most light polluted city in the world , according to a study by the faculty of science at the University of Hong Kong . Much more than the romantic flicker of neon through a bedroom window , Hong Kong residents now have to contend with shopping precincts that are lit up like football stadiums and golf driving ranges that rise like daybreak on the horizon . Study leader Jason Pun Chun-shing said the group could find no other place on the planet that was as light polluted as Hong Kong . "  Hong Kong is an extremely densely populated place which is why the city has such a severe problem , " he told CNN . However , he said unregulated lighting on buildings and the Hong Kong government 's obsession with providing public safety had made the city world 's biggest light trap . "  In Hong Kong , the government tends to play things on the safe side , " he said . "  Certainly , I 'm all for safety -- these are extremely important issues -- on the other hand , when you go near some public places , city parks for instance , they are lit up like the daytime in the evening . "  I think some of it is simply overdoing it , " Pun said . He said of particular concern was spotlighting that was directed at the sky to create a dramatic effect . Unlike other major world cities -- among them Sydney and London -- Hong Kong has no laws controlling urban lighting . The study found that even rural areas of Hong Kong , including the nearby island of Lantau and the city 's Wetland Park to the north -- a world famous staging post for migratory birds -- were also being affected by man made lighting . The Wetland Park was on average 100 times brighter than the standard , the study found . The international standard for night skies is set by the International Astronomical Union and refers to a night sky unaffected by man made lighting . Ironically , Hong Kong 's most light polluted place was the Hong Kong Space Museum at Tsim Sha Tsui which was more than 1,000 times brighter than international norms due to the large number of billboards and floodlights nearby . Developed by physicists at the University of Hong Kong , the study -- Hong Kong Night Sky Brightness Monitoring Network  NSN  -- took more than 5 million night sky brightness measurements over a period of nearly three years . The study team said it now has the largest database on night sky brightness in the world . Even measurements at Hong Kong 's Astropark observatory , located deep in Sai Kung Country Park , showed problems of light pollution . "  Even though the Astropark was the darkest station in our study , its night sky is still at least 20 times brighter than the international dark sky standard before 11pm , " Pun said . "  Light pollution is swiftly destroying the few remaining star-gazing locations in Hong Kong . " While the study started looking at light pollution from an astronomer 's perspective , ecologists also joined the project to gauge the impact of light pollution on wildlife . "  There have been many studies showing definitively that wasteful light has a big ecological impact , in particular for nocturnal animals that depend on the amount of light to regulate their lives . It 's part of the reason why we set up a station near the Wetland Park because it 's such an ecologically important area , " Pun said . Nevertheless , for Chan Yuk Lung who runs the astronomy club at Queen 's College -- a senior secondary school whose rooftop observatory in Hong Kong 's Causeway Bay is in one of the brightest areas of the city -- the problem of light pollution is overstated . "  The sky is bright , no doubt , but the brightness is caused by the particles in the air not directly by the surrounding light , " Chan said . "  We have very polluted air in Hong Kong and we have a lot of floating particles in the air and these floating particles reflect light back into our eyes -- this is why we feel the sky is so bright at night . " He said modern filters on the telescope can obviate the problems of light refracted by the particles . "  The major problem for us is n't city lights , it 's clouds , " he said , adding that Hong Kong has more than 200 cloudy nights a year .	Hong Kong University study finds Hong Kong is the most light polluted city on Earth Two-year study finds parts of city to be 1,000 times above international standards Author says upward pointing lights and advertising hoarding add to light pollution Even remote parts of Hong Kong are as much as 100 times international norms
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Kimi Raikkonen has lambasted McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton for the pit-lane accident that ended both of their races at the Canadian Grand Prix . Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen is far from happy after Lewis Hamilton pushed him out of the Canadian Grand Prix . Hamilton 's McLaren rammed into the back of world champion Raikkonen 's Ferrari as the Finn and Robert Kubica , the race 's eventual winner , were waiting at a red light after the safety car was forced into action on lap 17 . Raikkonen , while claiming not to be angry , was clearly far from impressed . "  There 's not much I can say . My race was ruined by Hamilton 's mistake . "  Obviously , anyone can make mistakes , as I did two weeks ago in Monaco , but it 's one thing to make a mistake at 200 hundred -LSB- miles -RSB- per hour but another to hit a car stopped at a red light . "  I 'm not angry because that does n't achieve anything and does not change my result . I am unhappy because I had a great chance of winning . " Raikkonen , who has failed to score points in the previous two races , said he had to start winning again . "  There is still a long way to go in the championship and it is still very close and we have everything we need to regain the ground we have lost . " Ferrari team sporting director Stefano Domenicali said Hamilton had made a "  serious mistake . " "  I think the penalty imposed by the FIA -LSB- Hamilton was given a 10-place grid penalty for the French Grand Prix at Magny-Cours -RSB- is in line with it , even if it does not restore what was a lost opportunity for us . "  Kimi was in an excellent position to fight for the win " Hamilton , for his part , was apologetic . "  I do n't know what happened to be honest , " Hamilton said . "  I was comfortably in the lead , it was looking like an easy win . Then I went in for the pit stop . It was not a good stop and I saw the two guys in front of me battling in the pit lane . "  I saw the red light but by that time it was a bit late . It was not exactly a racing incident as such , it was unfortunate . It was one of those things . It is different to if you crash into the wall and you are angry . It is not like that . I apologize to Kimi for ruining his race . "	Kimi Raikkonen lambasts McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton for pit-lane accident Finn says his race was ` ruined ' after Hamilton did n't see red light Hamilton was given a 10-place grid penalty for the French Grand Prix
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Gabby Giffords remembers facing her assailant at his sentencing . "  Beady eyes , " she said of Jared Loughner , who shot the former Arizona congresswoman in the head with a 9mm Glock pistol . Six people died and 13 were injured that day when the deranged gunman opened fire in front of a Tucson supermarket . At the sentencing last November , Giffords sat stoically -- staring Loughner down -- as her husband , Mark Kelly , spoke to the court . "  Well , yes , he had some interesting expressions on his face , " said Kelly . "  And she did not look away . " "  Beady eyes , " Giffords repeated . In an exclusive , wide-ranging interview with CNN , Giffords and Kelly understand they are now in the center of the heated debate over gun control and background checks , while still struggling to rebuild their lives after that day in January 2011 , when their lives changed forever . Old self , new challenges What is most shocking about Giffords now is how much she looks like her old self . Her golden locks are back ; so is the sparkle in her eyes and her broad smile . Gone is the short hair and thin frame we saw at the beginning of her recovery . Yet she knows she will never be the same . "  Stronger . Stronger , better , tougher . Stronger , better , tougher . " That 's how Giffords describes herself . Giffords makes that declaration with determination and gusto . But it still takes a considerable amount of energy and concentration to articulate that , or anything else . ` Yes , it 's tough ' : For Giffords , a wounded life has a new purpose Being with Giffords , it is obvious that she understands and absorbs everything around her . She follows conversation , reacts , engages and offers unsolicited ideas -- usually in the form of a single word or gesture that makes clear what she means . As a result of her gunshot wound , Giffords suffers from a condition called aphasia , and that it is "  very difficult for her , " said Kelly . Aphasia is an impairment to language-related functions , such as speaking , writing , listening and reading . At times , even simple words are a struggle , like when she tries to explain how she spends her days . "  Occupational therapy , yogurt , " said Giffords . Kelly , a former astronaut , patiently and quietly corrects her , saying "  yoga . " "  Yoga , yoga , " Giffords repeats , offering a playful smile to signal she gets how funny it was that she said "  yogurt " instead of "  yoga . " Gabby and Mark : The new ` Bradys ' of gun control The right-handed Giffords still has no use of that hand and that arm is paralyzed . She generally wears a sling to keep it from flopping around . Her right leg is also paralyzed . She wears a large brace and literally drags her right leg with her good , left leg to walk . Still , she walks remarkably well . But she does n't see very well . "  Not great at all , " is how she described her vision . Giffords has limited sight in both eyes with no peripheral vision to the right . In the same house as a family For Kelly and Giffords , this is the new normal -- a life together that neither could have ever imagined when they first got together . She was a bright young political rising star and he was with NASA . Kelly said it is "  different in a lot of good ways . " The biggest difference ? For the first time , they actually live in the same house , in the same city , in the same state . Before Giffords was shot , she jetted between her home in Tucson and work in Washington , while Kelly lived and worked in Texas , home of Johnson Space Center . They had a commuter marriage , which did n't allow them much time together . Now , they are together all the time , living in a ranch-style home they bought last summer . Another difference ? Before Giffords was shot , she had a rocky relationship with Kelly 's two teenage daughters from a previous marriage . "  Yes , changed , " says Giffords . "  Yes , a lot better , " echoes Kelly . "  They 've , well , they 've also grown up a little bit , too . And , you know , as a family , we 've evolved because of ... you know , because of what happened , " said Kelly . "  So it 's brought us all closer together , " said Kelly . And , as parents , for Giffords and Kelly , thoughts return to her shooter , Loughner . "  So sad . Mentally ill , " Giffords added . Newly-released court documents reveal that Loughner 's parents suspected something was wrong - that he heard voices and exhibited other alarming behavior . "  As a parent , you know you can empathize with somebody who went thru that ... where their kid did this horrific thing . At the same time , you know , there were indications of his mental illness . You know , the school knew about it . His parents knew about it . And he did n't have -- did n't seem to have a lot of options for good treatment , " said Kelly . In the past two years , Giffords and Kelly have not heard from Loughner 's parents . Would they want to ? "  Um , not really , " said Giffords . Giffords suffered yet another tragedy a few months ago . Her father Spencer -- with whom she had a special bond -- died suddenly . He taught her a lot about humor , strength and responsibility , handing her the keys to his tire business when she was just 26 . Giffords ' grit and determination also comes from her mother , Gloria -- a force of nature . She is an artist whose home is in the middle of the desert , miles from civilization . Off-roading with Gabby You have to go off-road to get there . There are so many desert rocks that on the way home , Kelly got a flat tire in the pitch black night . Giffords , the daughter of a tire salesman and expert tire changer in her own right , got out of the car to help . Giffords bond with mother , who sat by her hospital bed for countless hours and still plays a central role in her long road to recovery , is tighter than ever . And there may be a sliver of hope for Giffords , now 42 , to have a child of her own . When she was shot , she was trying to get pregnant with fertility treatments . They still have two frozen embryos . But given Giffords injuries , they 'd likely have to use a surrogate . "  I do n't know , " said Giffords , looking over at Kelly for his response . "  We -- you know , we talk about it . We talk about it . We have n't made a decision , " said Kelly . Asked whether she is ever resentful about what happened to her , Giffords replied : "  No . No . " "  Move ahead . Move ahead , " she said . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	Gabby Giffords , shot in the head two years ago , recalls facing her shooter , Jared Loughner Partially paralyzed , today , she and her husband adjust to a new normal Giffords finds herself at the center of the debate over background checks and gun control
CNN  -- An aspiring astronaut steals a safe full of moon rocks worth millions to impress his girlfriend . Sounds like the pitch to the latest Hollywood heist movie , and it may soon end up on the big screen , but this story really happened and now it 's become one of the summer 's most buzzed-about books . Best-selling author Ben Mezrich has turned the true-life caper into "  Sex on the Moon : The Amazing Story Behind the Most Audacious Heist in History . " Mezrich chronicles the exploits of Thad Roberts , a 25-year-old NASA trainee who in 2002 stole 17 pounds of moon rocks from Johnson Space Center , got caught and went to federal prison . Roberts claims he did it all in the name of love . This is the 12th book from Harvard graduate who has created his own subgenre of nonfiction , chronicling the stories of young geniuses , some with questionable ethics , who challenge the establishment in a quest to make millions , even billions of dollars . Mezrich 's "  Bringing Down the House , " about MIT students who won big at blackjack , was turned into the 2008 movie , "  21 . " His previous book "  The Accidental Billionaires , " became the Oscar-winning movie , "  The Social Network " last year . Now "  Sex on the Moon " is climbing the best-seller lists , getting rave reviews and is also headed for a Hollywood adaptation . CNN spoke with the author , who 's now on a national tour promoting his book . The following is an edited transcript of our interview : CNN : This sounds more like a Hollywood heist movie , but amazingly "  Sex on the Moon " is a true story . What led you to write it ? Mezrich : Actually , Thad 's story came to me . Soon after he was released from prison , he reached me through mutual friends ; he 'd read my stuff in prison and wanted to tell me his story . Ever since "  Bringing Down The House " and especially since "  The Social Network " every genius kid who pulls of a scheme calls me , but this story was different -- it really blew my mind . I 'd always wanted to write about NASA , because when you think of NASA you think of the '60s , the Apollo stuff , not the NASA of today . Thad 's story was a great way to get inside one of the most amazing places on earth . ` The Hypnotist ' unleashes terrifying events CNN : Tell me more about Thad Roberts , the man at the center of your book . Mezrich : Thad is the most complex character I 've ever written about . He 's brilliant , charismatic , very nice , and yet he did this crazy thing that derailed his life and ruined his dreams . He fell in love , did something stupid for love -- but more than that , he became this James Bond character . Usually , the geeky guys I write about do what they do because they ca n't get laid . Thad was kind of the opposite . He got in trouble because he could get the girl . CNN : Where is Roberts now ? Mezrich : Utah . When he got out of prison , he went back to the University of Utah to finish his Ph.D. . Currently , I think he 's looking for somewhere else to continue that work -- he 's got a theory of physics he 's been working on , and he 's really out there . He 's an intense , interesting person , so I have no idea what 's next for him . ` Social Network ' scores big at the Golden Globes CNN : Hollywood turned your last book , "  The Accidental Billionaires " into the Oscar-winning film , "  The Social Network . " I understand similar plans are under way for "  Sex on the Moon . " Mezrich : Yes , the same producers from "  The Social Network " are making "  Sex On The Moon . " Scott Rudin , Dana Brunetti , Mike DeLuca , Kevin Spacey . They are unbelievable talents and it 's amazing to have them making this . It 's with Sony/Columbia Pictures again , they 've done such great things with my previous two movies . It 's going to be awesome . And hopefully "  Sex On The Moon " will be my first movie that keeps the title of the book ! How can you not love "  Sex On The Moon ? " CNN : I understand your wife helped you come up with the book title ? Mezrich : Yes , she was the dirty mind behind "  Sex On The Moon . " In the story , Thad actually spread some moon rocks on a bed and had sex with his girlfriend on them , so that 's where it comes from . But I think it 's very catchy . Author : Watch out for ` the accident people ' CNN : You 've written about card-counting math geniuses , Facebook billionaires , and a failed moon - rock heist . They all show a darker side of the American dream , so what draws you to these stories ? Mezrich : I live vicariously through my subjects . I try to be Hunter S. Thompson without the drugs , guns , and alcohol . I am fascinated by geeks turned rock stars , by smart people who do crazy things , by stories involving sex , money and betrayal . It 's what I like to read and watch so it 's what I like to write . CNN : What are you working on next ? Mezrich : A couple of projects , a documentary TV show where I go inside these wild stories every week , a scripted show idea or two , but I do n't have my next book yet . I 'm waiting for someone to call me with a crazy enough story .	"  Sex on the Moon " chronicles the true story of Thad Roberts Roberts went to prison for stealing moon rocks from NASA to impress his girlfriend Ben Mezrich 's previous books were turned into movies "  The Social Network " and "  21 "
Billboard  Considering the Academy of Country Music Awards celebrated its 50th anniversary on Sunday night at the Dallas Cowboys stadium , it was bound to be bigger than any previous year 's ACMs . Plus , as hosts Blake Shelton and Luke Bryan were quick to point out , everything is bigger in Texas . Billboard : 2015 ACM Awards : See All the Photos But bigger is n't always better . Here 's our breakdown of the 10 best and 5 worst moments at the 2015 ACMs . The Best Eric Church & Keith Urban provide an opening wallop With a full stadium and millions of home viewers watching , two of country 's leading men successfully lit the fuse for the 50th annual ACM Awards with a slick joint kickoff performance . Eric Church 's "  Pledge Allegiance To The Hag " was a fine throwback , but Keith Urban 's powerhouse "  Raise 'Em Up " lived up to its title -- and then some . Setting a Guinness World Record Not only was this the ACMs biggest audience ever , but the 2015 ACM Awards brought in the biggest audience for a live TV awards show ever . Now that 's how you celebrate half a century . Reba McEntire demonstrates how it 's done During a night that found a couple performers sounding a little weak in the vocal department , Reba McEntire showed the entire Cowboys stadium -- and many younger singers who do n't have half her energy -- how it 's done . Reba is eternal . Taylor Swift singing in the audience Whether it was during Eric Church or Martina McBride , T-Swift was heating up the audience by singing and swaying along to country staples . Taylor might have gone pop for "  1989 , " but she was deep in the heart of Texas for this annual country extravaganza . Billboard : 2015 ACM Awards : And the Winners Are ... Garth Brooks ' All-American salute During Brooks ' performance of "  All-American Kid , " the country giant welcomed a slew of U.S. military representatives into AT&T Stadium , in an emotional moment that put the red , white and blue front and center . Brooks ended the performance by saluting the U.S. armed forces "  who are here and are all around the world for protecting our freedom , " and also shouted out his home state of Oklahoma , who are grieving 20 years after the Oklahoma City bombing on Sunday . A truly classy moment from one of the best ever . Taylor Swift 's mom makes an appearance Sure , Andrea Swift 's presentation of a special award for her daughter came with a fun origin tale about the creation of "  Love Story " and some lovely words about the 25-year-old superstar . But the sight of the elder Swift -- just days after Taylor confirmed that her mother had been diagnosed with cancer -- walking to the podium was more than enough to yield one of the night 's most poignant moments . Christina Aguilera joins Rascal Flatts Aguilera is far from country , but with a voice as malleable as hers , she can pass for a song or two . After singing a bit of the tune she did while guesting on Nashville , Xtina joined longtime hitmakers Rascal Flatts for "  Riot " from their recent album "  Rewind . " Aguilera and Gary LeVox trading vocals was the rare unexpected artist pairing that actually worked . Miranda Lambert domination In addition to kicking ass during her "  Mama 's Broken Heart " / "  Little Red Wagon " medley , Lambert justly owned the night when it came to awards . If there 's one thing the country community loves more than Miranda Lambert , it 's giving Miranda Lambert awards . Billboard : Watch Little Big Town Bring Provocative ` Girl Crush ' to ACMs Little Big Town do n't back down Despite some mild controversy over their song "  Girl Crush , " Little Big Town brought the poignant ballad to the awards show , giving the ACMs one of its more melancholy moments . Jason Aldean comes on strong For a night featuring some shaky vocals , Aldean brought his silky yet powerful country croon to the ACMs during a massive medley . It 's hard to see an audience get weak in the knees when you 're watching at home , but it 's fair to assume that 's what happened during his performance . The Worst Tony Romo The Dallas Cowboys QB was understandably a little stiff on the mic  athletes usually are n't the most charismatic public speakers  but the whole gag with Shelton asking Romo to toss Bryan a pass went on waaaaay too long . On the plus side , Bryan caught the pass . On the other hand , there was a tired play on words about balls . The length Three hours for the 50th ACMs ? Sure , why not . Three and a half hours ? That 's pushing it . They could have shaved off the last half hour by cutting a couple of the performers who only sang half a song , and shortened a few of the massive commercial breaks . All of the Milestone Awards Taylor Swift was given an extended honor at this year 's ACM Awards , but some of the Milestone Awards -- especially those given to Reba McEntire , Kenny Chesney and George Strait -- seemed rushed for the country giants they were saluting . It 's understandable since 2015 is the 50th anniversary of the ACMs , but sometimes , less  recipients  is more . Steven Tyler 's facial hair See link . Twitter calling out Taylor Swift Plenty of country fans went after T-Swizzle on Twitter , berating her for attending the ACMs after "  abandoning " country music for pop . The truth is , Swift has just as many country classics under her belt as any other artist in her age range . She might have moved to pop , but do n't underplay her importance to the genre that birthed her . © 2015 Billboard . All Rights Reserved .	ACMs celebrated 50 years Sunday night Best moments : Garth Brooks , Reba McEntire , Taylor Swift 's mom
CNN  -- As the Ukraine players stood silent on the football field in Larnaca , Cyprus , they could be forgiven for allowing their minds to wander . This game , a friendly against the USA , was hardly significant given the scale of events which have taken place in Ukraine over the past fortnight . The contest , which was supposed to be played in Kharkiv , Ukraine , was moved to Cyprus where less than 2,000 people came to witness two teams go through the motions . It was not just the Ukraine players who may have been preoccupied , the performance of weakened USA side also raised questions over whether its squad had been affected by the late upheaval of switching the game . Some Ukrainian fans came with banners to support their country , while others appeared glad to have something to take their minds off what was happening at home . A 2-0 win thanks to goals from Andriy Yarmolenko and Marko Devic may not register on the national consciousness at this moment in time -- but it gave them a brief respite from the trouble their country has endured . History makers Elsehwere , football history was being made as Kosovo made its long-awaited debut in international football . There were no national anthems -- there were no flags , and in the end , there were no goals . But that did not detract from an emotional evening in Mitrovica where Kosovo played its first ever FIFA sanctioned friendly . A goalless draw against Haiti in front of 17,000 people , came six years after Kosovo declared independence from Serbia . "  Bearing in mind our lack of preparation , the very difficult terrain ... and knowing the importance of this game we all have to be happy as we are all winners , " Kosovo coach Albert Bunjaki told reporters . "  I am very happy with what I saw in this game . This is our first step in a very long journey ahead ... where our objective is  qualifying for the  World Cup . "  We have shown that we deserve to be part of world football . " Kosovo , which does not have a seat at the United Nations , is not a member of FIFA nor UEFA . It was only after negotiations with the Serbian Football Association that FIFA declared in January that Kosovo could partake in friendly games as long as it did not display any national symbols , sing its national anthem or have its flag raised . Mitrovica , which is home to some 5,000 soldiers in the NATO peace-keeping force , endured a 78-day barrage of air strikes between 1998-99 . Record breaker Elsewhere , Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice as Portugal thrashed Cameroon 5-1 . Ronaldo scored his 48th and 49th goal for his country to become Portugal 's all-time leading goalscorer . Meanwhile , France overcame Netherlands 2-0 in Paris thanks to goals from Karim Benzema and Blaise Matuidi , while Daniel Sturridge 's late winner gave England a 1-0 victory against Denmark . Germany was made to fight all the way and was jeered from the pitch by supporters despite its 1-0 win over Chile . Mario Gotze scored the only goal of the game with the visitors hitting the crossbar and Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer making some impressive saves . "  That was a lucky win . I can understand the jeers and whistles , " Germany captain Philipp Lahm told reporters . "  People pay good money to watch us and it 's clear that we have a lot of work to do before the World Cup . But we always prepare well for a World Cup , so I am not worried . " World champion Spain defeated Italy 1-0 in Madrid courtesy of Pedro 's strike . Brazil-born Diego Costa made his debut for Spain but failed to shine . Tim Cahill became Australia 's all-time leading goalscorer after netting twice during his side 's remarkable 4-3 defeat by Ecuador . Australia had cruised into a 3-0 lead before Ecuador launched a stunning second half fightback . Cahill , who now has 31 goals , leapfrogged former record holder Damian Mori . Elsewhere , Belgium was held to a 2-2 draw by Ivory Coast , Turkey defeated Sweden 2-1 and Russia overcame Armenia 2-0 . Brazil Neymar scored a stunning hat-trick as Brazil cruised to a 5-0 win over South Africa at Soccer City in Soweto . In the final warm-up game before its World Cup squad is announced , Brazil , which had won all four of its previous encounters against South Africa by a one-goal margin , was in prolific form . After Oscar had given Brazil a 10th minute lead , Neymar added two of his own before Manchester City midfielder Fernandinho struck a 30-yard screamer into the top corner . Neymar scored his third and Brazil 's fifth in stoppage time from close range . Argentina Lionel Messi vomited on the playing field during Argentina 's goalless draw with Romania in Bucharest . The Barcelona forward was sick after seven minutes of the contest and looked out of sorts for the rest of the evening . Elsewhere , Colombia without injured talisman Radamel Falcao , was held to a 1-1 draw by Tunisia in Barcelona . Uruguay had to come from behind to secure a 1-1 draw in Austria .	Ukraine defeats USA in Cyprus Kosovo held to goalless draw in its first FIFA sanctioned friendly France defeats Netherlands , Spain sees of Italy Brazil cruises to victory in South Africa , England beats Denmark
CNN  -- Imagine going in for a cancer screening , and the technician turns to you and says , "  We 're finished , but if I push this button over here , the machine can detect even smaller cancers . But here 's the hitch : You have to pay $ 700 if you want me to push this button . " "  You 'd be enraged , " says Ellen Matloff , director of cancer genetic counseling at Yale University Cancer Center . "  You 'd want to know why you have to pay extra to push that button . Why did n't they just do it right the first time ? " Doctors and genetic counselors interviewed by CNN say that Myriad Genetics in Utah is doing something very similar with tests that determine if a woman has a potentially dangerous genetic abnormality linked to breast cancers . Most breast cancers do not seem to be genetic . Instead , they 're the result of cells gone wild for no apparent reason . However , some women get breast cancer because a bad gene runs in their families . When testing shows that a woman carries such a gene , she has a much higher chance of getting breast cancer . These women usually then get more frequent MRIs , ultrasounds and mammograms to detect a cancer , and sometimes even choose to remove their breasts to prevent a cancer from growing in the first place . Myriad owns the patent on breast cancer genes and so is the only company that can test for them . It offers one test that catches most , but not all , abnormalities , and then charges nearly all patients $ 700 for a second test that catches the rest . If a woman ca n't afford the $ 700 fee , she may miss an abnormality , which could mean the difference between life and death . "  What Myriad 's doing -- charging extra for this test -- is really sleazy , " Matloff says . "  They 're collecting blood money off my patients . " Myriad defends the $ 700 charge for its second test , called BART , even though many patients ca n't afford it and insurance wo n't pay for it . "  The BART test is based on different and separate technology , " Rebecca Chambers , a Myriad spokeswoman , wrote in an e-mail to CNN . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- based on a sophisticated new technology developed exclusively by Myriad . " She added that Myriad is trying to persuade insurance companies to pay for the test and that it offers financial assistance to patients who meet certain criteria , and monthly interest-free payments to those why do owe the $ 700 fee . "  Myriad 's mission is to improve the patient 's quality of life and to save lives , " she added in the e-mail . Understanding the furor To understand the anger and bitterness that patients , doctors and genetic counselors harbor toward Myriad , it 's important to know the basics of genetic testing . In 1996 , Myriad offered its first test for breast cancer genetic abnormalities . Known as the BRCA test , it 's been revolutionary and has saved countless lives : If the test reveals that a woman has a genetic abnormality , it means she has a very high chance of getting breast cancer in the future , and some women then opt to remove their breasts as a pre-emptive strike against cancer . Women who test positive for BRCA also sometimes opt to have their ovaries removed , since having a breast cancer gene abnormality gives them a higher-than-normal chance of getting ovarian cancer as well . "  Genetic testing has been a godsend for so many women , " Matloff says . Myriad calls its test the Comprehensive BRACAnalysis , but it soon became clear that it was n't truly comprehensive . It did not catch all genetic abnormalities linked to cancer , and so in 2006 , the company began selling BART , the newer test that catches genetic defects that the original test misses . Doctors and counselors expected Myriad to offer BART as part of its original test , but instead the company offers it separately and charges nearly everyone $ 700 to take it . "  This is so irresponsible of Myriad , " says Molly Klein , director of genetic counseling at Piedmont Hospital in Atlanta . She and other genetic counselors have been fighting to get Myriad to stop the $ 700 charge . They say they worry that women who tested negative under the first test feel assured that they do n't have a bad gene when in fact they might , and would n't know they 're at increased risk for getting breast cancer . Klein and other genetic counselors say that when Myriad came up with an improvement in its colon cancer test , it wrapped it into its original screening at one price . The counselors say they think Myriad handled the breast cancer test differently , charging a separate fee , because it has no competition . "  From a business perspective , I guess I understand why Myriad is doing what they 're doing , because this is a good chunk of money for them , " says Kristen Shannon , the senior genetic counselor at the Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center . "  But I feel really strongly that Myriad is doing the wrong thing . " "  That accusation is incorrect , " Chambers wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  I 'm so angry " For Eileen Kelly and Kathleen Maxian , money was n't the issue . The two sisters were stunned three years ago when Kelly was diagnosed with breast cancer at age 40 . They breathed a sigh of relief when Kelly tested negative for the BRCA gene using Myriad 's original test . This meant Kelly 's cancer was a fluke , and not something her sister or other relatives needed to worry about . Then two years later , at the age of 47 , Maxian found out she had ovarian cancer . Surgeons removed her ovaries and found the cancer had spread to her abdomen . After chemotherapy , the cancer came back a year later . "  I told my surgeon my sister had genetic testing , but it came back negative , " Maxian says . "  My surgeon just hung her head down and shook it back and forth . I was like , ` What ? How weird is that ? ' " The surgeon told Maxian that her sister 's test might have been incomplete . She instructed Maxian to ask her sister , who lives in Atlanta , to find out if she 'd received the second test , BART , in addition to the original breast cancer genetic test . Kelly found out she had not had not received BART . She went back to Piedmont Hospital to have it done , and the test was positive . Maxian and her father then had BART , and it turns out that they , too , carry a genetic abnormality . Women who have genetic abnormalities like Maxian 's have a 50 % to 85 % chance of getting breast cancer , and a 10 % to 40 % chance of getting ovarian cancer . She says that if her sister had had BART from the beginning , she also would have taken the test , and the positive result would have made her remove her breasts and ovaries "  in a minute . " "  If BART had been done from the beginning , it could have saved Kathleen from getting ovarian cancer , " says Dr. Nefertiti duPont , Maxian 's surgeon at the Roswell Park Cancer Institute in Buffalo , New York . "  It could have prevented my cancer , or at least caught it early , " Maxian adds . "  Now my cancer is so advanced , I have only a 20 % chance of being alive five years from now . I 'm so angry . " Klein , the genetic counselor at Piedmont Hospital , says she never mentioned BART to Kelly , nor to most of the women who came in for testing at that time . She says information from Myriad led her to believe that BART mutations were extremely rare among women like Kelly without an extremely strong family history of breast or ovarian cancer . When some women do have a very strong family history , Myriad will do a BART analysis for free as part of its original test , and has spent $ 20 million on these tests . "  We were left with the impression that BART was n't necessary for families like Eileen 's , " Klein says . "  It just did n't seem urgent . " But over time , it 's become clear that Myriad might have been wrong about who needs BART testing , counselors say . Several studies , such as one done by Shannon at the Massachusetts General Hospital Cancer Center , show that a substantial number of women had BART mutations even without a very strong family history . Now , Klein and others offer BART to all their patients , but many ca n't do it because of the cost . "  This is all really frustrating , " Klein says . "  We know we 're missing women out there with BART mutations because they ca n't afford to pay . If you miss just one BART mutation , that woman could be in danger , and so could her mother , her sisters and her other relatives . " "  It 's heartbreaking , " says Mollie Hutton , Maxian 's genetic counselor at the Roswell Park Cancer Institute . "  It 's so sad that now Kathleen is fighting for her life when something could have been done to avoid it . It 's just crappy . " Chambers , the Myriad spokeswoman , says studies show "  less than one percent of all women tested " have a BART mutation . What to do when you get breast cancer genetic testing If you 're about to get breast cancer genetic testing , specifically ask if you 'll receive BART testing . If you 've had breast cancer genetic testing , do n't assume you received the BART test . Also , do n't assume that the place where you had the testing will get back in touch with you to let you know about BART . CNN contacted four genetic testing centers , each of which did something different : One center quickly contacted all patients to tell them about BART ; another contacted only patients they considered high risk ; the third contacted patients three years after BART became available ; and the fourth still has n't contacted patients to tell them about BART . Genetic counselors recommend that you call the place where you had testing every year or so to see if there have been any improvements in the test . Most women will have to decide whether they want to spend $ 700 to get BART testing . Eileen Kelly wishes she 'd had the opportunity to spend that money . "  I 'm so mad at Myriad . It 's even hard just to talk about it , " Kelly says , starting to cry . "  A test could have put the information in our hands that could have prevented my sister 's cancer . It 's frustrating and really hard to comprehend . " Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Myriad Genetics owns the patent on breast cancer genes Myriad offers one test that catches most abnormalities , then charges $ 700 for second Company defends BART test , based on separate technology
A naturalized U.S. citizen from Somalia was convicted Thursday of plotting -- unsuccessfully -- to bomb a Christmas tree-lighting ceremony in Portland , Oregon , more than two years ago . A federal jury in Oregon capped a 14-day trial by finding Mohamed Osman Mohamud , 21 , guilty of one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , namely explosives . Mohamud is scheduled to be sentenced May 14 . He faces up to life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . "  When an individual concocts a plan to commit mass violence -- and is determined to follow through -- law enforcement has an obligation to take action to protect the public , " said Lisa Monaco , a U.S. assistant attorney general . Mohamud was a 19-year-old Oregon State University student when he was arrested on November 26 , 2010 , for trying to blow up what he believed to be an explosives-laden van parked near a holiday event in Pioneer Courthouse Square , authorities said . The bomb -- which Mohamud described that day as "  beautiful , " according to his arrest affidavit -- was actually fake , thanks to federal agents involved in the extensive undercover operation . Born in Mogadishu in 1991 , Mohamud moved to the United States and became a naturalized U.S. citizen , settling in the northeastern Oregon city of Corvallis . Years before he enrolled at Oregon State University , he 'd started thinking -- at age 15 , according to the U.S. Justice Department -- of taking part in a violent jihad . In February 2009 , he began exchanging the first of about 150 emails with Samir Khan , a now deceased al Qaeda member who published two online publications tied to the terrorist group , Jihad Recollections and Inspire . According to the Justice Department , Mohamud wrote several articles under assumed names for the former publication . The Oregon resident began communicating electronically in August 2009 with another accused terrorist , Amro Al-Ali .  Al-Ali is now being held in his native Saudi Arabia on terrorist charges , federal authorities said . The two discussed Mohamud 's possible travel first to Yemen , then to Pakistan 's northwest frontier province , for terrorist training . "  Yes that would be wonderful , just tell me what I need to do , " Mohamud wrote back in December 2009 , the affidavit stated . That trip never happened , despite Mohamud 's efforts to contact intermediaries to facilitate it . But he was reached in summer 2010 by a man who , unbeknownst to him , was an undercover FBI employee . "  Mohamud said that he wanted to become ` operational , ' " the affidavit said in describing Mohamud and the federal agents ' conversations . The FBI probe moved to another level , including several discussions and trips involving Mohamud and undercover agents . On November 4 , 2010 , on the way back from a trial run to a remote location to detonate a bomb , he was asked what he hoped would happen to those attending the Portland holiday ceremony , a family event that includes men , women and children . "  I want whoever is attending that event to leave ... either dead or injured , " Mohamud said , the affidavit states . Having already canvassed to the area to find a spot to inflict the most casualties , Mohamud got what he believed to be a live bomb from the undercover agents . But the device was inert , and after his second attempt to detonate it , Mohamud was taken into custody . "  This trial provided a rare glimpse into the techniques al Qaeda employs to radicalize home-grown extremists , " said Amanda Marshall , U.S. Attorney for Oregon . "  With the verdict today , the jury has held this defendant accountable . "	Mohamed Osman Mohamud said he wanted people to leave the lighting "  dead or injured , " an affidavit says A jury convicts Mohamud , 21 , of trying to use a weapon of mass destruction He was arrested in 2010 for allegedly trying to bomb a Portland tree lighting Authorities tied Mohamud to several alleged terrorists , said he wanted to be part of "  jihad "
CNN  -- WBA world heavyweight champion David Haye has branded his IBF , WBO and IBO counterpart Wladimir Klitschko a "  robot " and said the Ukrainian will "  malfunction " in their unification bout in Hamburg on Saturday . Haye , 30 , was talking at the final press conference ahead of the duo 's highly-anticipated face-off , with tensions clearly running high between the two fighters . "  It 's going to be fun to watch this big robot start malfunctioning , " the London native told reporters . The pair were due to get in the ring in 2009 , before Haye was forced to withdraw with a back injury , and the Englishman said he is happy the fight did not take place two years ago because he is now in much better shape . "  I 'm healthy , my speed is ridiculous , punch power is there , and I 'm just in a really good place , " he said . "  I 'm happy the fight 's happening now and did n't happen a couple of years ago because I am so much more of a better fighter now . " Klitschko acknowledged his opponent was in fine physical condition , but the 1996 Olympic gold medal winner said Haye will be the 50th knockout victim of his professional career and that the experience will make him "  a better person . " "  I will knock your butt out back into reality , which is good for your future life , " said Klitschko . "  You 're going to become a better person , a better man , with better behavior and you 'll be on time . " The Semey-born boxer was referring to the fact that Haye was 30 minutes late for the press conference , and Klitschko went on to say : "  He was late for half an hour today , we 've all been waiting for you princess . " The tension rose further when Wladimir 's brother Vitali , the WBC heavyweight champion , stood up and asked Haye whether he would be attending the post-fight press conference . "  Please , promise , in front of many journalists , that you 're coming to the press conference after the fight ? " Haye responded : "  I 'm coming for you -LSB- Vitali -RSB- after the fight , make sure you 're there . " Vitali famously faced a British fighter in 2003 , when he lost to Lennox Lewis by technical knockout after the end of the sixth round . Former world amateur championships silver medallist Haye has previously said he will retire before turning 31 in October , but "  The Hayemaker " has also expressed a desire to defeat both Klitschko brothers before hanging up his gloves . British cruiserweight Carl Thompson defeated Haye in their fight in 2004 , his only career loss in 26 professional clashes . Klitschko will be looking to avoid a fourth defeat of his pro career , having won 55 of his 58 bouts . The fight will take place at the Imtech Arena , home of Bundesliga football club Hamburg , on Saturday .	David Haye has branded Wladimir Klitschko a "  robot " ahead of their fight on Saturday Haye said it will be fun to watch the Ukrainian "  malfunction " in Hamburg Klitschko said Haye will be the 50th knockout of his professional career
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Mothers cradle children in their arms . Fathers smile softly at the helpless bodies they hold . Other parents are bent over from the weight of their teenage kids whose legs fall limp , almost touching the ground . In the absence of basic medical equipment , these parents do this every day . An Iraqi boy gives a thumbs up after receiving his wheelchair . Brad Blauser , center , created the program . Khaled is a father of three . On this day , his young daughter , Mariam , is getting fitted for her new wheelchair . Her arms and legs are painfully thin , little more than skin and bone . She 's 7 years old , but looks barely half that . She and both her siblings , a sister and brother , suffer from varying degrees of polio . None of them can walk . Asked how he and his family cope , Khaled chokes up , fighting back tears . "  I am sick of life -- what can I say to you ? " he says after a long pause . One man , Brad Blauser , has vowed to try to make life a little easier for these families by organizing the distribution of wheelchairs , donated and paid for by his charity , Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids . He first came to Iraq in 2004 as a civilian contractor . Struck by the abject chaos surrounding him and seeing helpless children scooting along the ground , he pledged to find a way to help . Watch dads , moms carry kids ; tears flow when wheelchairs arrive " His first step was to consult an Army medic to find out what hospitals really needed . "  He surprised me with his answer about pediatric wheelchairs . We 've got so many children out in the city that the ones who can get around are following their friends by dragging themselves around on the ground , which is heartbreaking to see , " he says . "  I was surprised . It took me aback . " Enlisting the help of generous supporters and an Iraqi humanitarian group Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids was born in August of 2005 . Thirty days later its first 31 chairs were delivered . To date more than 250 Iraqi families have received the wheelchairs . Blauser has partnered with a nonprofit group called Reach Out and Care Wheels , which sells him the chairs at a manufacturing price of about $ 300 . The chairs are made by prisoners at the South Dakota State Penitentiary and ultimately delivered in Iraq by the U.S. military . "  Getting these prisoners involved , it just means the world to them , " said Andrew Babcock , the executive director of Reach Out and Care Wheels . "  Even the prisoners , I 've been there and visited , and they 're so excited . They come up with different design ideas and ways to make things better for the kids . They want to know where the chairs are going and what kids we 're helping . " Blauser said it 's unbelievable to be there when the chairs are delivered . "  The most affecting thing about this whole wheelchairs for children is when the parents realize the gift that is being given to their children and they reach out to hug you . " he said . "  The tears are running from their eyes and they say , ` We never thought that you could do this . ' " Blauser is helped on the Iraqi missions by the civil affairs division of the U.S. military , which helps organize the safe transport of the families to the distribution point and adjustment of the wheelchairs to fit each child . He said it gives "  the troops something when they go home , something good to remember where they know they have contributed , they know they have done a good thing . " Army Sgt. 1st Class Jason Jurack agrees . "  It brings a smile to your face . It really gives a different image to the Army as a whole -- helping people out , putting a smile on local nationals ' faces , little kids that need our help . " It 's a sentiment that is echoed by Samira Al-Ali , the head of the Iraqi group that finds the children in need . On this day , she tells the soldiers she hopes that this humanitarian act will give them a different image of Iraq , not one of a gun and war , she says . Her words are simple but effective . "  I wish the world would see with their own eyes the children of Iraq and help the children of Iraq , because the children of Iraq have been deprived of everything , " she said . "  Even a normal child has been deprived of their childhood ; a disabled child and their family is dealing with so much more . " The children also show gratitude , even those who can scarcely move . Blauser remembers one boy 's father who dressed him in a three-piece suit , with the trousers hanging off his motionless legs . "  He could n't move his legs or his arms . But when we sat him in his chair , he gave us the thumbs up . " Iraqi parents will go to any lengths to improve the quality of their children 's lives . Blauser points to one of his favorite photographs , of a father carrying his son in his arms , an endless desert road behind him . He had carried his son more than 6 miles to get a wheelchair . "  In August 2006 we had a distribution in northern Iraq , " Blauser remembered . "  We watched him -LSB- the father -RSB- come forward , and people rushed to take the boy from his arms . And he said , ` No , I 've been carrying this child all my life . I can carry him the last 100 yards to receive his wheelchair . ' " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report from Atlanta , Georgia .	Wheelchair distribution was the vision of American contractor Brad Blauser Humanitarian group brings the kids to a safe area so they can get the wheelchairs "  I am sick of life , " says Dad who has three children disabled from polio Wheelchairs are made by prisoners in South Dakota , delivered by U.S. military
CNN  -- Belgian defender Vincent Kompany said this week there would be a "  commotion " in Belgium if his country failed to qualify for next year 's World Cup . After Friday 's win against Serbia , Belgium , with its so-called golden generation of players , is getting closer to Brazil . The Red Devils , who last appeared at soccer 's showpiece event in 2002 , beat Serbia 2-1 in qualifying . Kevin De Bruyne and Marouane Fellaini scored headed goals in each half in Brussels to lift Belgium to 19 points in Group A. Kompany 's club teammate at Manchester City , Aleksandar Kolarov , pulled a goal back for Serbia in the 88th minute . De Bruyne , who also set up Fellaini 's effort , could be the next Belgian to move to the Premier League -- he 's being linked with Chelsea . The majority of players Belgium used on Friday ply their trade in England 's top division . Belgium received a further boost , guaranteed of at least second spot , when Croatia blew an opportunity to go level on points with three matches remaining . Despite registering nearly 20 shots , Croatia was upset 1-0 by Scotland in Zagreb . Elsewhere , Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal defeated Russia 1-0 to move into top spot ahead of Fabio Capello 's men in Group F. Postiga winner Veteran striker Helder Postiga netted on a tap-in in the ninth minute in Lisbon to end Russia 's perfect 4-0 record . Portugal , which qualified for the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012 courtesy of playoff victories against Bosnia-Herzegovina , improved to 14 points , although Russia possesses two games in hand . Ireland and Austria recorded victories to rise to 11 points in Group C as they seek to nail down second place behind runaway leader Germany . Robbie Keane celebrated becoming Ireland 's most capped player -- he made his 126th appearance to surpass goalkeeper Shay Given -- by scoring all of Ireland 's goals in a 3-0 win against the Faroe Islands in Dublin . "  There was a lot of talk about getting the record caps but that was almost in the back of my mind , " Keane said . Even with Zlatan Ibrahimovic in its ranks , Sweden fell 2-1 to Austria in Vienna . Johan Elmander , not Ibrahimovic , tallied for the visitor with eight minutes remaining . Sweden , though , will be favored to reach 11 points next week , as it faces the Faroe Islands . Ukraine , co-host of Euro 2012 , did England a favor in Group H by topping group leader Montenegro 4-0 away from home . Ukraine took the lead early in the second half -- after being reduced to 10 men -- with Montenegro then having two players dismissed as its frustration grew . Montenegro leads the group with 14 points , two more than England and three more than Ukraine but with a game more played . Away wins for Bosnia-Herzegovina and Greece , over Latvia and Lithuania , respectively , leave Bosnia-Herzegovina three points ahead of Greece in Group G . More trouble for Mario Although in little danger of not qualifying from Group B , there was a sour note for Italy in its 0-0 draw at the Czech Republic . Striker Mario Balotelli , no stranger to controversy , was dismissed in the second half after receiving two yellow cards . He struck defender Theodor Gebre Selassie in the face with a forearm to receive his marching orders . "  Balotelli should control himself better -- he allowed himself to be provoked , " Italy coach Cesare Prandelli told reporters . "  There were a couple of fouls that were not given but that 's no explanation for what he did . "	Belgium pulls three points clear of Croatia after beating Serbia 2-1 in Brussels Expected to collect three points against Scotland , Croatia loses 1-0 at home Portugal ends Russia 's perfect record with a 1-0 victory in Lisbon Striker Mario Balotelli sees red in Italy 's 0-0 draw at the Czech Republic
London  CNN  -- From a few thousand people traveling by camel in the 7th century to three million a year today : The story of the Hajj -- the Muslim pilgrimage to Mecca -- is an epic journey . That journey is celebrated in the first major exhibition dedicated to the Hajj , opening at the British Museum in London on January 26 . It includes sacred objects , pictures and the human stories of pilgrims past and present . "  We hope to be able to get across the hardship of the journey in the old days when it was a long journey by camel or by sea and could take two years there and back , " said Venetia Porter , the exhibition curator . "  Now of course you can go by plane . " Yet despite the changes over the years , it was what had n't changed which most struck Porter . "  The experience itself does n't seem to have changed , " she said . "  If you read the historical accounts of pilgrims in medieval times , their rituals , how they feel and the deep spiritual significance is the same as now . " The exhibition falls into three sections , the first focusing on the journey to Mecca , particularly along the major routes used through history across Africa , Asia , Europe and the Middle East . The second section focuses on the Hajj today , its rituals and what the experience means to pilgrims . Finally , the exhibition takes on Mecca itself , its origins and importance . Mecca is considered the spiritual center of Islam because it was where the Prophet Mohammed is said to have received his first revelations in the early 7th century . At its heart is the cube-shaped Ka ` ba , built by Abraham and his son Ishmael , according to the Quran . The Hajj takes place in the last month of the Islamic year , known as Dhu ' l Hijja and includes certain rituals which must be completed . Every Muslim who can is expected to go on Hajj at least once in their lifetime . It took the British Museum more than two years to collect all the objects , which include a seetanah which covers the door of the Ka ` ba , archaeological material , manuscripts , textiles , historic photographs and contemporary art . Also on Inside the Middle East : Finding freedom behind bars The exhibition was put together with the help of the King Abdulaziz Public Library in Riyadh , which arranged the loan of some objects which had never before been taken outside Saudi Arabia . The Saudi Ambassador to Britain , HRH Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf Al Saud , said : "  Hajj is not just a physical journey , it 's the most extraordinary spiritual journey every Muslim takes . "  We leave our families and our homes to undertake this profound life-changing experience . "  It does n't guarantee passage to Heaven , but it focuses us on what 's important in life . "  It 's a sensitive issue for the British Museum to tackle and we had long discussions to make sure it was accurate . Eventually they did an excellent job . " Porter said : "  The most challenging aspect for us was to turn it from a mere collection of objects into something evocative of the strong spiritual experience . "  The way we did it was to include quotes and voices from pilgrims . " To accompany its exhibition , the British Museum invited Muslims to recount their own experiences on its website , and hundreds have done so . One , Kamran Majid , from London , wrote : "  The moment you enter the Harem Mosque and first lay eyes on the Ka ` ba feels like the day you are truly born of life , your soul , heart and eyes soften and ease to the glorious sight . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Youth march ` shows true spirit ' Another , Amal Alabdulkarim , from Riyhad , wrote : "  Hajj is the journey of pureness , love , hope and optimism . It taught me humility , patience and justice . " Sophia Khan , from Slough , UK , wrote : "  My most memorable moment was when I just happened to sit on some steps looking out to the Ka ` ba . There were thousands of people from all over the world circumambulating this sacred structure at the center of the Earth , all there for a common purpose of praising God , yet each engaged in private reflection oblivious of any other . "	British Museum hosts first major exhibition on Hajj Three million Muslims a year take Hajj to Mecca Qu ` ran says all Muslims should go at least once in their lifetime
Alec Baldwin is at it again . And this time , a journalist is on the receiving end of his expletive-filled rant . The actor waged a war of words with a Daily Mail journalist over a report alleging Baldwin 's wife was tweeting during actor James Gandolfini 's funeral Thursday . "  The pregnant yoga instructor 's social media feed was full of upbeat posts while ` The Sopranos ' star 's friends , family and co-stars were gripped with grief at a New York Catholic church , " journalist George Stark wrote . "  Messages included a request for ideas about wedding anniversary presents and promotional notes about her upcoming appearance on the Rachael Ray show . " In a statement hours later , Baldwin said his wife , Hilaria , left her phone in her car . "  It 's disgraceful that a reporter would manufacture and publish a story and not call for comment or explanation -- especially when it 's intended to take away attention from honoring the memory of a beloved figure like James Gandolfini , " he said Friday . His statement came after a series of fiery tweets aimed at the journalist . "  My wife and I attend a funeral to pay our respects to an old friend , and some toxic Brit writes this f ****** trash , " he tweeted . "  My wife DID NOT use her phone , in any capacity , at our friends funeral . " The star of the award-winning comedy "  30 Rock " threatened to find the writer of the story and "  f **** ... you ... up , " referring to Stark as a "  toxic little queen . " Attempts to reach the journalist were unsuccessful . Baldwin 's wife also weighed in on the report . "  I hope that this reporter knows how much pain and drama he has caused from his poor journalism , " Hilaria Baldwin tweeted . "  Lying and bullying are shameful . " Twitter , which lets users post messages in 140 characters or less , also allows the advance scheduling of tweets to post later . It is unclear whether that was the case . Shortly after the rant , Baldwin deleted his Twitter account . On Friday , GLAAD , an LGBT advocacy group , published a statement Baldwin gave to the organization : "  My ill-advised attack on George Stark of the Daily Mail had absolutely nothing to do with issues of anyone 's sexual orientation . " Baldwin also wrote , "  I would not advocate violence against someone for being gay and I hope that my friends at GLAAD and the gay community understand that my attack on Mr. Stark in no way was the result of homophobia . " Baldwin told the online publication Gothamist that he wo n't be going back to Twitter . "  Twitter and Tumblr and Vine and Instagram and Facebook and Myspace , all these things are social media tools that we were all told we had to have , and what we 're realizing is that no you do n't ! No you do n't . All this energy goes into these things , and for what ? " he said . This is not the first time the actor has been engaged in a public confrontation . In 2011 , he was booted off an American Airlines flight because he refused to turn off his cell phone after the plane 's doors were closed for departure . He later apologized .	Baldwin says his wife left her phone in her car The actor wages a one-sided war of words with a journalist over a story The story alleges Baldwin 's wife was tweeting during James Gandolfini 's funeral
CNN  -- Politicians have always been a fat target for humorists . "  Suppose you were an idiot . And suppose you were a member of Congress , " Mark Twain once observed . "  But I repeat myself . " And Will Rogers once remarked , "  I 'm not a member of any organized political party -- I am a Democrat . " Mark Katz : The guy who makes politicians funny But humor from politicians themselves ? A much thinner volume . Nevertheless , there have been a number of witty lines that politicians have come up with -- or , at least , for which they 've received credit . Here 's a sampling : John Adams : "  In my many years I have come to a conclusion that one useless man is a shame , two is a law firm , and three or more is a congress . " Abraham Lincoln : Sen. Benjamin Wade accused the president of being "  the father of every military blunder that we 've made . You are on the road to hell , sir , with this Government , and you are not a mile off this minute . " "  Wade , that is about the distance from here to the Capitol , " Lincoln replied . Theodore Roosevelt : "  When they call the roll in the Senate , the senators do not know whether to answer ` present ' or ` not guilty . ' " John F. Kennedy , when asked how he became a war hero : "  It was absolutely involuntary . They sank my boat . " Ronald Reagan : "  I have left orders to be awakened at any time in case of national emergency -- even if I 'm in a Cabinet meeting . " Bob Dole , on the Senate : "  If you 're hanging around with nothing to do and the zoo is closed , come over to the Senate . You 'll get the same kind of feeling and you wo n't have to pay . " Bill Clinton , on the White House : "  I do n't know whether it 's the finest public housing in America or the crown jewel of the American penal system . " George W. Bush , at the 2000 Al Smith Dinner : "  I see -LSB- William F. -RSB- Buckley is here tonight , fellow Yale man . We go way back , and we have a lot in common . Bill wrote a book at Yale . I read one . " Al Gore , on the 2000 election : "  You know the old saying : You win some , you lose some . And then there 's that little-known third category . " Barack Obama , on Donald Trump : "  Now , I know that he 's taken some flak lately , but no one is happier , no one is prouder to put this birth certificate matter to rest than the Donald . And that 's because he can finally get back to focusing on the issues that matter -- like , did we fake the moon landing ? What really happened in Roswell ? And where are Biggie and Tupac ? " Ryan highlights his mom in attacking Obama Ann Romney expected to kick of GOP convention Get the latest from CNN Politics	Politicians usually take a joke - but some can make them , too John F. Kennedy and Ronald Reagan were known for their humor Bob Dole 's wit could be particularly sharp
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- "  North Korean social media . " In the famously restrictive country , where people have almost no Internet contact with the outside world , it sounds like an oxymoron . But on February 25 , Jean H. Lee of the Associated Press became perhaps the first person to send a mobile tweet from North Korea when she posted a message on the country 's new 3G wireless network , available only to foreigners . "  Hello world from comms center in â $ ª #Pyongyangâ $ ¬ , " she wrote . Lee has been active from North Korea on Instagram as well , posting snapshots of street scenes , food and government propaganda posters . As the AP 's bureau chief for both South and North Korea , Lee is the only American news reporter granted regular access to the secretive nation , which she has visited more than 20 times . She offered a rare glimpse of digital life beyond the DMZ -- the strip of land separating North Korea from its more open rival to the south -- during an onstage chat here Saturday at the South by Southwest Interactive festival . At a time when North Korea is responding to tougher sanctions from the U.N. Security Council with angry rhetoric and threats , Lee described a country with two parallel digital worlds -- one for residents and another for foreign visitors . While foreigners now have access to fast broadband Internet , with no firewall blocking certain sites , North Koreans can only use a state-controlled intranet service . The country lags behind much of the world when it comes to digital adoption , but there are signs that North Korea is trying to catch up , Lee said . The new Koryolink 3G network -- jointly owned by the North Korean government and an Egyptian company -- that launched last month marks a shift in policy for Kim Jong Un 's regime , which also has recently begun to allow foreigners to bring their cellphones into the country . "  We are starting to see more openness , " she said . "  We 're talking baby steps . They 're a long way from being a free and open society . " When Lee first visited Pyongyang in 2008 , security officers confiscated her iPhone at the airport , she said . "  I freaked out , " she said . "  I tried to hide it in my pocket . " Lee is joined in her social media updates from Pyongyang by AP photographer David Guttenfelder , who posts images often to his 71,000 Instagram followers . His photos offer a fascinating peek at North Korean life and culture : Teens skating on a roller track , a woman braving a snowstorm , photos of his in-flight meal on Air Koryo , North Korea 's airline . Lee said that North Korea , a country of about 25 million people , has only about 1 million cellphones , although the devices are gaining in popularity . North Koreans ca n't access Facebook or Twitter , although they have primitive social networks -- sort of like online bulletin boards -- where users share thoughts about innocuous topics such as pop music , she said . Everything North Koreans do online is tied to their identity , Lee said , so it 's easy for the government to monitor users ' intranet behavior . Lee said she has spent a little time on the country 's limited web but has n't seen any evidence of people using underground networks to talk more freely . "  I would like to  see that  . But it would be very dangerous , I imagine , " she said . "  They have a culture of fear in North Korea that still exists . That 's something that is n't going to change right away . " When former NBA star Dennis Rodman made a bizarre visit to Pyongyang last month , Lee said she encouraged the unlikely ambassador to take advantage of the nation 's new 3G cellular network . He took her advice , later tweeting , "  I come in peace . I love the people of North Korea ! " Lee said the North Korean government has never tried to censor what she reports . But she is mindful that authorities may be monitoring her Web use . "  In any situation where I 'm accessing their broadband , they can probably see everything I 'm doing , " she said .	Jean H. Lee may have been the first person to send a mobile tweet from North Korea The country last month launched a new 3G wireless network , available only to foreigners Lee , of the AP , is the only U.S. reporter granted regular access to the secretive nation She spoke Saturday at the South by Southwest Interactive festival in Texas
CNN  -- Abu Dhabi is often cast in the shadow of the vibrant Dubai , but the state is challenging its more celebrated neighbor as a premier destination . "  Dubai has the reputation of being the glittery one , " says travel writer Matthew Teller . "  But I did n't find that at all . I found Abu Dhabi so engaging and more diverse than people give it credit for . " Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates -- home to the UAE capital , Abu Dhabi city -- has a strong maritime past . Fishing was pivotal to the economy before the lucrative exploration of oil . But even as the region progresses the water still plays an important part in its modern culture . Last month Abu Dhabi hosted the Volvo Ocean Yacht Race , ahead of the event 's third leg to Sanya , China . The six teams competing in the 39,000 nautical mile challenge across the globe may have been preoccupied by the port races held in Abu Dhabi , but for those taking in the region at their own place , there 's plenty on offer . See also : Volvo Ocean Race : Conquering the ` Everest of sailing ' The coastline , stretching over 700 kilometers of the emirate , is a highlight of Abu Dhabi , which takes in almost 200 islands . An ideal place to take in the stunning blue waters of the Gulf is the Corniche -- a promenade that spans Abu Dhabi 's waterfront . Teller says the Corniche is the perfect people watching spot , with locals descending on the signature walkway once the sun sets and the hot day comes to end . Stroll along with locals or cycle down the promenade to the Emirates Palace . This lavish hotel cost around $ 3bn to build and occupies more than a kilometer of the city 's sands as its own private beach . Rooms in the hotel cost $ 1,000 a night and it boasts 1,002 Swarovski crystal chandeliers and a gold-leaf dome larger than the one atop St. Paul 's Cathedral in London . Out of the city center is the Mina Port fish market and , according to Teller , another opportunity for visitors to the area to get a glimpse of how Abu Dhabi residents live . In the early hours of the morning , the market is bustling with people buying fresh produce . "  You really get a great sense of the local feel , " says Teller . See also : A look ahead to the Volvo Ocean Race Despite its reputation as being a modern city hub , Teller believes Abu Dhabi has not forgotten its past . "  The city is very aware of the history of the region , " says Teller . He says Abu Dhabi 's underlying cultural roots are felt throughout and even though it does not have an old city as such , the Heritage Village gives a glimpse of the traditional culture , with reconstructions of Bedouin tents and old markets . The Cultural Foundation , in the center of Abu Dhabi , is often considered a "  must see " for any tourist . It aims to showcase a range of arts , both of the past and present . There visitors can wander around art exhibits , watch dance or theater performances or simply gaze at the striking building they are housed in . See also : Oman puts women at forefront of Olympic ambitions The city is hoping to become more of a cultural hotspot to attract international visitors , with local versions of world famous museums the Louvre and Guggenheim planned , however these projects have reportedly been plagued with delays . In keeping with Abu Dhabi 's more traditional and more religious roots , in the meantime visitors have the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque to gaze at . The imposing mosque sprawls over a space the equivalent of five football fields and can accommodate almost 41,000 worshipers . The opulent interior includes the world 's largest chandelier spanning 10 meters in diameter . To escape the capital , Teller recommends a short drive out to the desert city of Al Ain . "  The culture of the interior is quite different to that along the coast , " he says . The city boasts the magnificant 19th century Al Jahili Fort -- one of the landmarks of UAE 's heritage . The summer retreat of Sheikh Zayed the First is now open for visitors and often hosts concerts . It 's another example of Abu Dhabi mixing its past heritage with its future arts . Abu Dhabi may not have the show-stopping reputation of Dubai , but locals are adamant their city offers its Gulf neighbor some tough competition .	Abu Dhabi hosted the Volvo Ocean Yacht Race last month The region has a strong maritime past with fishing pivotal to the economy The coastline , stretching over 700 kilometers of the emirate , is a highlight of the region
CNN  -- As football 's reputation continues to be dragged through the mud following accusations of bribery during the FIFA World Cup bidding process , the man charged with repairing the sport 's image revealed he is close to concluding his investigation . New York lawyer Michael Garcia , who is set to meet Qatari officials in Oman following allegations of wrongdoing , will finish his work on June 9 before publishing his report six weeks later . In a statement published Monday , his office said : "  After months of interviewing witnesses and gathering materials , we intend to complete that phase of our investigation by June 9 , 2014 , and to submit a report to the Adjudicatory Chamber approximately 6 weeks thereafter . The report will consider all evidence potentially related to the bidding process , including evidence collected from prior investigations . " The statement comes a day after allegations surfaced claiming a Qatari official paid more than $ 5million in an attempt to secure support for his country 's successful bid to host the 2022 tournament . According to allegations in The Sunday Times , Mohamed bin Hammam made secret payments to soccer officials in the run up to the controversial ballot . Bin Hammam , the former president of the Asian Football Confederation , was a member of FIFA 's powerful 24-person executive committee charged with voting on who hosted the finals at the time of the vote in 2010 . Despite the country 's small size , a technical report from FIFA calling its bid "  high risk " and summer temperatures that can exceed 50 degrees Celsius  122 degrees Fahrenheit  , Qatar shocked the world by winning the right to host the 2022 finals , defeating bids by the United States , Australia , Japan and South Korea . FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce has said he would back a re-vote , potentially opening the possibility of the U.S. staging the 2022 tournament . Mark Pieth , who heads the FIFA Independent Governance Committee , believes the latest allegations could "  shake FIFA to its foundations " . He told CNN : "  It 's the first time that an institution like FIFA has to ask itself whether it should totally re-run the decision of a host , the hosting decision , and the consequences could be massive . It could be about billions of dollars . "  At the moment , we have two options open . We could say ` OK , let 's have the evidence , let 's run the case ' . "  The problem is that there are two appeal bodies , this could drag on for two or three years , and in two or three years a lot has been planned and built , so the price tag is going to be really high . "  We 've heard enough of Qatar now , let 's call a stop immediately , but the difficulty there is , who is going to prove corruption , right now ? "  What we have at the moment is , obviously , emails and they would have to be tested , whether they 're genuine , they could be fake , so there has to be a thorough investigation conducted under all circumstances . " When FIFA voted on who should host the 2022 World Cup in 2010 , the organization 's president Sepp Blatter reportedly voted for the U.S. , while a potential rival for the presidency , UEFA chief Michel Platini , voted for Qatar . The Sunday Times claims to have seen millions of e-mails detailing payments to officials in the Caribbean , Africa and the Pacific designed to secure support for the tiny , gas-rich Middle Eastern emirate 's quixotic bid to host the world 's most popular sports tournament . "  Bit by bit , we have been unraveling it and finally we hit the mother lode , " Sarah Baxter , deputy editor of the Sunday Times , told CNN in an interview . "  We 've seen millions of documents that prove without a shadow of doubt that corruption was involved . There is clear evidence linking payments to people who have influence over the decision of who hosted the World Cup . "  You also have a bunch of officials with a bearing on the vote begging favors . They were prepared to sell their influence . What bin Hammam was doing was buying people up who could have influence . " Mohamed bin Hammam responded by saying he would not be making any comments other than he believed "  that the truth will find its way to  the  public one way or another . " The Qatar 2022 bid committee strenuously denies any wrongdoing or knowledge of any payments made on its behalf . "  Mohamed bin Hammam played no official or unofficial role in Qatar 's 2022 Bid Committee , " it said in a statement sent to CNN . "  As was the case with every other member of FIFA 's executive committee , our bid team had to convince Mr. bin Hammam of the merits of our bid . ... "  Following today 's newspaper articles , we vehemently deny all allegations of wrongdoing . "  We will take whatever steps are necessary to defend the integrity of Qatar 's bid and our lawyers are looking into this matter . "  The right to host the tournament was won because it was the best bid and because it is time for the Middle East to host its first FIFA World Cup . " Almost as soon as Qatar won the bid to host the 2022 World Cup finals , the process was dogged by allegations of bribery and corruption . In the run-up to the 2010 vote , two FIFA executive committee members were suspended after another Sunday Times investigation filmed Nigeria 's Amos Adamu and Tahiti 's Reynald Temarii appearing to offer to sell their votes in exchange for money . Bin Hammam was banned from all football-related activities for life after first being accused of offering bribes to soccer officials in the Caribbean seeking support for his doomed 2011 bid to replace Sepp Blatter as FIFA president . He was cleared of those allegations after a hearing at the Court of Arbitration for Sport but was later banned for different "  conflict of interest " charges relating to his time as AFC president . The Sunday Times ' allegations come ahead of a FIFA-commissioned ethics investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments . That two-year investigation has been led by Garcia . "  We are cooperating fully with Mr. Garcia 's ongoing investigation and remain totally confident that any objective enquiry  sic  will conclude we won the bid to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup fairly , " the Qatar bid team added in its statement . "	Michael Garcia to finish investigation into World Cup bids Report into bidding process to be published six weeks after conclusion of investigation 2018 World Cup set to be held in Russia , 2022 tournament in Qatar Mohamed bin Hammam denies all the allegations
CNN  -- On a bad day at work , during an I-can ` t-take-it-any-more moment , we 've probably fantasized about outlandish ways to quit our jobs . This week , Steven Slater , a flight attendant for JetBlue Airways , made a dramatic job exit : cursing and sliding down the plane 's emergency chute with beer in his hand . Slater 's job-quitting performance has been hailed as heroic by some people . CNN asked readers and iReporters to share their stories about quitting in a dramatic , and oftentimes unprofessional , way . Kathi Cordsen , a 58-year-old in Fullerton , California , who shared her story on CNN 's iReport , says she understood Slater 's agony . She thought about walking out of the pharmacy where her hours had been cut after she worked there for three years . In her imaginary world , she would have told her "  disorganized " boss to "  shove it . " In reality , she left a note on the back of a receipt that read , "  Saturday is my last day . " She politely said goodbye but was satisfied that the store had only about five days to scramble to find her replacement . "  After I wrote the note , I felt relieved , " Cordsen said . "  There is an end to this , and I do n't have to stress out anymore . " Share your fantasy "  I quit " story Another iReporter , dg56789 , shared a story about quitting a bus driving job after getting into an argument with a teacher who demanded that a child be seated contrary to the rules . The driver handed the teacher the keys before walking off and telling the teacher to drive it herself . CNN commenter "  Becca " told a story that involved things flying through the air at the Brooklyn shoe store where she had been working . She said she and another employee had an argument , and he threw at ladder at her . She threw a pair of stilettos at him and then knocked down a display of sandals as she left the building , cursing at everyone . Career experts usually advise that quitting a job be done with consideration and professionalism . Supervisors should be notified in advance , typically at least two weeks before the last day . Employees attempting to leave should stay on top of responsibilities and avoid insulting co-workers . "  Do n't let your emotions overtake your logic , because the business world is a logical world , " said Meg Montford , a career coach of based in Kansas City , Missouri . "  Emotions can get the best of us . Sometimes , if we express them inappropriately , we may regret it later . " Careermag.com , a publication offering career information , advised impatient quitters to avoid burning bridges . The employee should think about the future , such as how former managers and co-workers may be contacted when you apply for other jobs . Make a graceful online exit from a job But employers should still be honest about their problems with the company and the workplace when they leave , the site said . Sometimes -- as seen in Slater 's case -- frustrations with work can spiral out of control before an employee can carefully plot his or her exit . CNN commenter "  Vicki " could relate to the flight attendant 's work troubles . She recalled working as a customer service manager at Wal-Mart during Christmas and dealing with an angry customer . She finally yelled at the customer while walking out of the job . "  Well , I was n't real proud that I handled that situation that way but I can relate on how things can build up to a point where you just ca n't handle it , " she said . How not to enrage your flight attendant Another CNN commenter , "  Doug H , " shared his own last straw . While working as a sexton at a local cemetery , he was asked to dig a plot for a child . He had dug graves for adults without any hesitation , but the idea of digging for a child made him uneasy . He refused to do it , which caused the cemetery manager to yell . Doug says he simply "  turned around and walked away . " A CNN commenter called "  Spongebob " worked at a company that trains military pilots . After six years , sick of the department 's supervisors , he detailed his frustrations to them and walked out . Luckily , he received a promotion to another site within the company . CNN commenter "  Charlie , " who was a waiter in New York , gave a theatrical exit . While working a double shift , he became engaged in a fight with a host , who was assigning too many tables for him to handle . "  Charlie " erupted , slamming plates against the wall , throwing his apron on the floor and cursing at the host before heading out the door . "  Needless to say , I 'm not welcome in that place anymore , " he wrote . "  But good riddance . "	A JetBlue flight attendant quit his job by yelling profanities and sliding down the plane 's emergency chute The attendant , Steven Slater , is being hailed as a hero by some people CNN readers and iReporters shared their stories about quitting Some of the quitters simply walked out during their shifts
Charlotte , North Carolina  CNN  -- As Michelle Obama took the stage at the Democratic National Convention on Tuesday night , she faced a similar task as Ann Romney of presenting her husband as a father and family man , above his public persona in the political spotlight . "  When people ask me whether being in the White House has changed my husband , I can honestly say that when it comes to his character , and his convictions , and his heart , Barack Obama is still the same man I fell in love with all those years ago , " Mrs. Obama said . The first lady spoke on the convention 's opening night , exactly one week after Ann Romney delivered what one CNN analyst called "  political velvet , " an address at the GOP convention in Tampa that took her sometimes robotic businessman husband , Mitt Romney , and turned him into a charismatic candidate who will be a champion of working-class Americans . Michelle Obama has an easier job ahead of her in convincing voters of the president 's likability ; his favorability in this area ranks far above that of his GOP opponent . But she still worked to counter a perception that Obama is a cool and sometimes distant president who has been slow to build relationships outside the White House . Photo : Obama watches first lady 's speech on TV with daughters She also weighed in on what drives Obama 's decision-making process , noting letters that he reads at night with "  concern in his eyes " from struggling Americans . "  As president , you can get all kinds of advice from all kinds of people . But at the end of the day , when it comes time to make that decision , as president , all you have to guide you are your values , and your vision , and the life experiences that make you who you are , " she said . Both Obamas have talked openly about the importance of the family dinner and spending time with their two daughters , 11-year-old Sasha and 14-year-old Malia , outside of the demands of the White House . Campaign officials said Michelle Obama 's focus would be to help augment the campaign 's strategy to use the convention as a way to show "  what drives  the president  every day . " Opinion : Michelle Obama has redefined black women A senior campaign official was more specific in the hours leading up to the speech . Describing the first lady as "  the most popular political figure in America , " the official said the aim was for her to highlight the president 's personal experience and serve as a "  character witness " for her husband . She stuck to the planned themes . "  I have seen firsthand that being president does n't change who you are -- it reveals who you are , " Mrs. Obama said . She further touched on her own story , growing up on the south side of Chicago , and shared stories about the values handed down by her parents . "  We learned about gratitude and humility , that so many people had a hand in our success , from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean , and we were taught to value everyone 's contribution and treat everyone with respect , " Mrs. Obama said . Michelle Obama convention speech dress dazzles , scores One thing Michelle Obama did n't do was go on the attack . "  The first lady has not attacked political opponents in any way over the past four years , " the official said while speaking to CNN reporters covering the convention in Charlotte , North Carolina . Lisa Burns , a professor of communications at Quinnipiac University with a focus on media and first ladies , said she 's not surprised by the positive tone of the speech . "  With the wives , they are n't there to provide the real red meat for the political junkies . There 's enough of that from other speakers , " Burns said . "  Their job is to reach out to the undecided voters and people who are tuning into the campaign for the first time -- so they want to keep it positive . " Burns said it will take more than the first lady 's speech to drum up the support necessary for her husband to win reelection . "  She can definitely make a difference tonight , but ultimately when people go to the voting booths , they 're not voting for the wife , " Burns said . However , she faced a friendly audience on Tuesday . What we learned from Day One of the convention The first lady is known as a warm , open woman whose latest favorable numbers in a CNN/ORC International poll hit 65 % . Obama campaign officials describe her as the "  most popular political figure in America . " Just four years ago , she was being portrayed as an Afro-sporting , machine gun-toting , Angela Davis figure fist-bumping her husband in a cartoon on the cover of the New Yorker . She 's built her likeable reputation by tackling such issues as childhood obesity with her "  Let 's Move ! " campaign , holding several high-profile events at the White House and appearing in public service announcements to encourage children and their parents to maintain an active lifestyle . She also started a vegetable garden on the grounds of the executive mansion . Even her eye for fashion has gained admiration . Mrs. Obama regularly opts to wear cardigans and skirts from such retail chains as J. Crew over high-end designers , putting her on similar shopping grounds as female middle-class voters . Lines from speeches that killed She wore a dress by New York designer Tracey Reese for her convention appearance . The women 's vote is especially key in this election , as Democrats work to paint Romney and the Republican Party as out of touch with female voters . In a recent interview with Parade magazine , the first lady indicated she 'd like to add women 's health issues to her list of causes if her husband is elected to a second term . Michelle Obama has stepped up in recent days to help fill the void left by her husband 's busy campaign schedule , meeting with family members of the victims in the Sikh temple shooting in Wisconsin , stumping for her husband on the campaign trail and calling for volunteers to rally voters in battleground states . She continued that prominent surrogate role in a bid to set the tone for her husband 's final push toward Election Day . The president watched his wife 's speech from the White House with the couple 's daughters who had their first day of school on Tuesday -- a particularly significant day for eldest daughter Malia , who started high school . Read about what the Democratic convention will highlight CNN 's Jessica Yellin , Brianna Keilar and Ashley Killough contributed to this report	Michelle Obama delivers personal touch at convention 's first night Barack Obama watches speech at home with daughters The first lady has a high favorability rating in recent polls Mrs. Obama says president reads letters at night from struggling Americans
NASA is asking for your help . No , you do not get to go to space . You do , however , get to view hundreds of thousands of images taken from space . Via The Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth , NASA is making available images ranging from the Mercury missions of the 1960s to photos recently snapped from the International Space Station . The hope , NASA says , is that the images "  could help save energy , contribute to better human health and safety and improve our understanding of atmospheric chemistry . But scientists need your help to make that happen . " The catalog contains more than 1.8 million photos , about 1.3 million of them from the space station and roughly 30 % of them taken at night . Before 2003 , night images from the space station could be blurry , even with high-speed film and manual tracking , because the station moves at about 17,500 mph . In 2003 , enterprising astronaut Don Pettit used a drill and assorted parts he found on the station to cobble together a "  barn-door tracker , " a lower-tech predecessor to the European Space Agency 's NightPod , which was installed at the space station nine years later . NightPod 's motorized tripod compensates for the space station 's speed , providing what NASA scientist William Stefanov says are the highest-resolution night images from orbit . Satellites collect data more regularly , but the photos tend to be lower resolution . "  Now the pictures are clear , but their location may not be , which limits their usefulness . That 's where citizen science comes in , " the NASA news release says . The Complutense University of Madrid is spearheading efforts to catalog the photos and corral citizen input . It 's broken the images into three components requiring different levels of participation : 1 . Dark skies . This is the easiest project , as it requires no scientific expertise . "  Anyone can help " by sorting the images into the categories : cities , stars or other objects , said Alejandro Sanchez , doctoral student at Complutense . "  Without the help of citizens , it is almost impossible to use these images scientifically . Algorithms can not distinguish between stars , cities and other objects , such as the moon . Humans are much more efficient for complex image analysis , " he said . 2 . Night cities . Looking at night images , citizen scientists can tap their knowledge of local geography to match photos with positions on maps . Residents of a city can more easily identify a city 's features than those who do n't live there , Sanchez said . The data will be used to generate light maps of cities . 3 . Lost at night . This is the trickiest , as it aims to identify cities in photos with 310-mile circumferences . "  We do n't know which direction the astronaut pointed the camera , only where the station was at the time the image was taken , " Sanchez said . "  Some images are bright cities , but others are small towns . It is like a puzzle with 300,000 pieces . " Hundreds of volunteers have stepped up so far , classifying almost 20,000 photos , but NASA says multiple individuals should review each image to ensure accuracy . The "  open atlas of nighttime images " can be used to assess economic conditions , Sanchez said . One photo of the Korean Peninsula shows how North Korea is a barely lit swath of land between the heavily illuminated nations of South Korea and China . Sanchez also cited the examples of Madrid and Berlin . "  Madrid is the capital of Spain , a country facing a major economic crisis . It is much brighter in astronaut images than Berlin , the capital of Germany , the country with the healthiest economy in Europe . Perhaps that is an indication that Germany more efficiently manages its resources . The images can provide evidence and data to verify that . " Other aims of the project include evaluating street lighting for safety purposes as well as to analyze light pollution and its effects on human health .	Until recently , night images taken from 17,500-mph space station could be blurry NASA says images could improve health , safety , grasp on atmospheric chemistry University in Madrid broke images down into three categories with different aims Researcher : Madrid brighter than Berlin , despite economic disparity between cities
Mashable  -- Say goodbye to the Share button because the Like button is taking over . After months of updates to its Like button , Facebook has released an update that fundamentally changes the button 's functionality to that of a Share button . Now after hitting the Like button , a full story with a headline , blurb and thumbnail will be posted to your profile wall . You 'll also be given an option to comment on the story link . Previously , only a link to the story would appear in the recent activity , often going unnoticed by users . Though users may now think twice about hitting the button , given how prominently it will appear on their walls and in their networks ' newsfeeds , it should ultimately increase traffic to publishers ' websites . Facebook has slowly been rolling out updates to its Like button and has stopped developing the Share Button . Facebook Spokeswoman Malorie Lucich told us that while the company will continue to support the Share button , Like is the "  recommended solution moving forward . " However , Lucich today called it a test , saying "  We 're always testing new products that incorporate developer feedback as we work to improve the Platform experience , and have no details to share at this time . " It 's unlikely that the change is just a test , however . Typically such tests from Facebook only affect a small number of users , whereas this change affects all Like buttons . Perhaps the change was necessary . Because it was never made clear to users that the Like button would function differently than the Share button , many never understood what it meant to click Like on a piece of content . Making the result the same as the Share button could build stronger user expectations , ultimately fashioning a better user experience . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	After hitting Like , a full story , headline , blurb and thumbnail will be posted to your profile Facebook has released an update that changes the Like button 's functionality Facebook has slowly stopped developing the Share Button
CNN  -- Governments , world leaders and others were responding Friday to a Florida pastor 's plan to burn copies of the Quran , the Muslim holy book , even amid confusion over whether it would go ahead . The Rev. Terry Jones , the head of a small church in Gainesville , called off the burning Thursday but later said he would "  rethink " his position after a meeting with a local imam . Here 's a sampling of global reaction : Hamas leader Ismail Haniya called Jones a "  religious criminal " and a "  retard that expresses a Western-retarded mentality " that targets the Quran , Islam and Muslims . Speaking in Gaza at the start of the Eid holiday , Haniya said , "  I call upon God the merciful , if they want to rip the Quran , for God to rip them apart and their state and make them an example for the believers . " Sporadic protests against the burning happened Friday in Afghanistan . The largest was in the northern province of Badakhshan , where about 500 Afghans protested outside of a NATO base in the area , the International Security Assistance Force said . The ISAF said two people were hurt in the protests , and the deputy governor of the province said thousands turned out , one protester was killed and three were wounded . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the burning of the Quran is wrong and undermines religious tolerance and peace . "  The prime minister urges that such irresponsible actions not be taken , " read a statement from his office . Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned the plan to burn the Qurans but said it would not damage the Muslim holy book because it "  is in the hearts and minds of every Muslim . " Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said , "  I continue to urge the government and the people of the United States to ensure the prevention of such an incomprehensible , irrational and immoral act . ... The value of the American nation , which emphasizes tolerance , freedom of religion and common sense , is being tested . Hence , once again , the government and the Americans must continue to take serious action to prevent and stop such uncivilized acts . " The Somali government said in a news release that it "  strongly condemns " any such action . "  There is no doubt this action could generate more extremists and could spark new violence as the move would assist al-Qaeda and its affiliates . To stop this plan will be a wise , measurable and reasonable decision and we would urge the American pastor to completely withdraw his plans . " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , said , "  While I will defend any American 's First Amendment rights , our generals in the field tell us that the men and women defending those rights would be endangered as a result of this stunt . If this group insists on going forward , I would hope that members of the media will not reward them with what they crave most : news coverage . " Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , who said he has been in touch with the church , said , "  I think common decency would dictate that this would not occur and that we would be respectful and are a respectful people of all religions . " He said there was little he could do to stop the burning because of the First Amendment . United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Thursday he was "  deeply disturbed " by reports about the plan . "  Such actions can not be condoned by any religion , " he said . "  They contradict the efforts of the United Nations , and many people around the world , to promote tolerance , intercultural understanding and mutual respect between cultures and religions . ... I sincerely hope that they will not take such unacceptable actions . " A spokesman for the Taliban in Afghanistan told CNN , "  If in Florida they were to burn the Quran , we will target any Christians , even if they are innocent , because the Quran is our holy book and we do not want someone to burn our holy book . " A senior Iranian Shiite cleric , Grand Ayatollah Lotfollah Safi Golpayegani , condemned the plan to burn the Quran and called for the arrest of Jones , head of the Dove World Outreach Center , according to Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency . Should such an "  inhumane incident take place in America , the U.S. government and President Obama will be held responsible , " he said , according to the report . Interpol , the international police organization , warned of "  tragic consequences " that "  may well claim the lives of many innocent people " if the burning goes ahead . Secretary General Ronald Noble said September 11 should be a day to fight terrorism , not a day to "  engage in provocative acts that will give terrorists propaganda " to recruit others to their cause . Sajjad Karim , a Muslim and member of the European Parliament for Britain , told the chamber Thursday that the Quran burning "  is the act of one man and his followers alone . His actions should not be identified with the West or Christianity . Muslims globally must know that , through this Quran burning , this man will achieve nothing . He has been isolated in his country and his religion . It is only through a reaction that any perverse sense of achievement can be earned . " U.S. Sen. John McCain , a Republican from Arizona , urged Jones against the burning in a posting on his Twitter page Thursday . "  Pastor Jones ' threats to burn the Quran will put American service men/women in danger - for their sake please do n't do it ! " Dalil Boubakeur , rector of the Paris Grand Mosque and France 's most important spokesman for the Muslim community , urged Muslims to respond "  wisely " to the burning and "  not to fall into the trap of provocation . " He told French radio station RMC on Wednesday that Muslims should also not be stigmatized or targeted for the "  terrorists , despicable people " who carried out the September 11 attacks . The U.S. Embassy in London said Washington is "  deeply concerned about all deliberate attempts to offend members of any religious or ethnic group " and condemned such acts as "  unrepresentative of American values . " While the embassy said it believes firmly in freedom of religion and freedom of expression , "  we reaffirm our position that the deliberate destruction of any holy book is an abhorrent act . " Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said everything possible should be done to ban the Quran burning . "  If it does take place , it will inflict the most severe damage to inter-faith relations and human and cultural dialogue and will be used as a pretext by extremists for more killings and retaliatory killing , " he said . Bernard Valero , the spokesman for France 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said Thursday that France condemns "  in the strongest terms the vicious and irresponsible statements of Pastor Terry Jones . This incitement to hatred is unacceptable and can only reinforce all forms of extremism . It is also an insult to the memory of the victims of September 11 and also to all the other victims of terrorist acts motivated by intolerance and the abuse of religion . " Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has expressed grave concern over the threats to burn copies of the Quran . According to spokesman Farhatullah Babar , Zardari said anyone who even thought of such a despicable act must be suffering from a diseased mind and a sickly soul . He said it will inflame sentiments among Muslims throughout the world and cause irreparable damage to interfaith harmony and world peace . Zardari called for doing all it takes to stop such a "  senseless and outrageous act . " A hard-line Indonesian Muslim group , the Islamic Defenders Front , told CNN it will protest the planned burning and will issue a death sentence on Rev. Terry Jones if he carries out his plan . "  This is not a problem between Muslims and Christians but rather between Terry Jones and mankind , " said Sabri Lubis , a secretary general with the group . The Vatican implored the church Wednesday not to burn the Quran , saying it would be an "  outrageous and grave gesture . " The top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan , Gen. David Petraeus , warned earlier this week that the plan "  could cause significant problems " for American troops overseas . The Council on American-Islamic Relations  CAIR  , a Muslim civil liberties and advocacy group , plans to hold a news conference in Washington on Thursday to address the issue . The group 's "  Learn , Do n't Burn " initiative includes the distribution of 200,000 Qurans and other activities planned for Friday and Saturday , the planned date of the burning . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has defended the right of the Rev. Terry Jones to go ahead with the plan , even though he condemns the idea as "  distasteful . " "  The First Amendment protects everybody , and you ca n't say that we are going to apply the First Amendment to only those cases where we are in agreement , " Bloomberg said this week , citing the section of the Constitution that promises freedom of speech . The Military Religious Freedom Foundation , which is dedicated to protecting U.S. troops from religious intolerance , has promised to buy one new Quran and donate it to the Afghan National Army for each one burned in Florida . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the Quran burning would be a "  disrespectful , disgraceful act . " Former Republican vice presidential candidate and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin urged Jones on Wednesday to halt his plans , saying the burning "  will feed the fire of caustic rhetoric and appear as nothing more than mean-spirited religious intolerance . Do n't feed that fire . " The U.S. Embassy in Kabul , Afghanistan , on Tuesday issued a statement saying the U.S. government "  in no way condones such acts of disrespect against the religion of Islam , and is deeply concerned about deliberate attempts to offend members of religious or ethnic groups . " It said it condemned the "  offensive initiative " by the Florida church . Lebanese President Michel Suleiman denounced the Quran burning as "  contrary to the teachings of tolerant divine religions and totally incompatible with the logic of dialogue among civilizations , religions and cultures . " He noted that a United Nations conference on religious tolerance two years ago called on people "  to renounce hatred and intolerance and terrorism , " and "  to reflect on the Christian teachings and concepts of humanity that emphasizes the love and respect for the other . " Muhammad Ismail , a spokesman for the hard-line Indonesian Muslim group Hizb ut-Tahrir , said earlier this week , "  The burning is not only an insult to the holy Quran , but an insult to Islam and Muslims around the world . " Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said people in Turkey "  would n't consider burning of the Torah or the Bible positively , as we would not consider the burning of  the  Quran positively . " He said he considers anti-Semitism "  a crime against humanity " just as he considers "  Islamophobia as a crime against humanity . " The Florida pastor who proposed burning a Quran , the prime minister said , should "  test himself regarding Islamophobia . "	NEW : Turkish prime minister says Florida pastor should "  test himself regarding Islamophobia " Sporadic protests against the burning take place in Afghanistan Israeli prime minister says the burning undermines religious tolerance Afghan President Hamid Karzai says burning will not damage the Quran
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga says his country will not negotiate with al Qaeda-linked Somali militants who have threatened to kill Kenyan hostages unless Nairobi releases all Muslims charged with terrorism . Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Odinga told CNN 's John Defterios that his government 's position was "  very clear . " "  We do not want to negotiate with terrorists , " he said . "  We expect them to surrender Kenyan citizens who they are holding hostage without any kind of conditions whatsoever . " Al-Shabaab , the Islamist terror organization which controls parts of neighboring Somalia and is being pursued by Kenyan and African Union forces , issued the demands on Wednesday when it released a video of two Kenyan hostages seized a year ago in a cross-border raid . The group demanded that Nairobi release all Muslims held on terror charges , and secured the release of Muslims held in Uganda on similar charges . Odinga said that terrorism was an "  international affair , " and that a collective response was required from the global community to tackle terror groups on the continent such as Al-Shabaab , Boko Haram in Nigeria and Islamists in northern Mali . "  The African Union must have a common stand and mobilize the African governments to provide the forces to face this international menace , working together with the United States and the European countries , " he said . Odinga , the leading candidate in Kenya 's upcoming March presidential elections , told CNN he did not anticipate a repeat of the violence which wracked the country after the previous vote , which saw hundreds killed and damaged the economy . He said the country had a new constitution , electoral commission and electoral laws and reformed the judiciary and security forces . "  The situation right now is ... different from what it was five years ago . " He said his focus , if elected , would be on building the country 's productivity , and diversifying an economy predicted by the IMF to grow 5.6 % this year .	Kenya will not negotiate with Al-Shabaab militants holding Kenyans hostage , says PM Al-Shabaab has demanded Nairobi release Muslim terror suspects in return for Kenyan hostages Kenyan PM Odinga says an international response is needed to tackle terrorism in Africa
CNN  -- Space shuttle Discovery docked with the international space station early Wednesday despite a broken antenna that knocked out radar tracking aboard the shuttle . The shuttle docked with the space station at 3:44 a.m. ET . At the time of docking , both spacecraft were traveling 225 miles over the Caribbean sea near Caracas , Venezuela , NASA said . Commander Alan Poindexter and his crew completed the rendezvous without the use of the shuttle 's Ku-band radar , relying instead on other navigation tools to precisely track the space station , NASA said . The Discovery 's seven-person crew now joins the six-person space station crew for more than a week of work together . It will mark the first time four women have been in space at one time . Three women -- mission specialists Stephanie Wilson , Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger and Naoko Yamazaki -- comprise part of the Discovery 's crew . NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson is already at the space station . Discovery launched Monday morning from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida . The shuttle 's 13-day mission includes three planned spacewalks , replacing an ammonia tank assembly and retrieving a Japanese experiment from the station 's exterior . It is scheduled to return to Earth on April 18 at 8:35 a.m. ET . There are only three shuttle missions remaining before the space shuttle fleet is retired .	Shuttle Discovery reaches international space station despite loss of shuttle 's radar system Four women are aboard same spacecraft for first time 13-day mission includes three spacewalks , replacement of ammonia tank assembly
CNN  -- "  It 's the story of morning afters and sweet departures ... and the stains we leave on each other " -- so begins the trailer for "  Shuga , " a cutting-edge MTV drama that 's been a smash hit in Africa . For many young Africans , the three-part TV series about a group of students in Nairobi living under the constant specter of HIV/AIDS is the story of their own lives -- and is the reason "  Shuga " took the continent by storm when it debuted late last year . Actress Sharon Olago , who played promiscuous party girl Violet in "  Shuga , " believes the Kenyan show has been so successful because it mirrors the complexities of modern young life , without falling into a moralistic , conventional narrative on safe sex . " ` Shuga ' did not exaggerate anything , it relived what Kenya is , " says Olago . "  That is why it got the fame it did , that is why people jumped into it , because people saw themselves in it . " Set and filmed on location in Nairobi , the soap opera came about after UNICEF teamed up with MTV to create a health campaign to impact the lives of youths in Kenya , where an estimated 6.5 percent of its population lives with HIV . Part of MTV 's Staying Alive campaign , "  Shuga " was designed and produced to draw its young audience to crucial health and social issues . Its bold style distinguished it from many other TV shows in Africa and won it fans across the continent . The show follows Ayira , a 22-year old college student whose ambition and hunger for the high life is complicating her relationship with her boyfriend Ty ; Ayira 's friend Violet , a party girl whose many sexual exploits is straining her friendships ; and Kenneth , Skola and Leo , members of the wealthy , swaggering , fast boy crew on campus . "  Shuga " portrays a modern city , complete with the vices that go hand in hand with 21st century life . At the center of most of the action is Ayira , played by Lupita Nyong ` o . While the MTV and UNICEF campaign driving the show emphasizes the importance of safe sex and HIV testing , it also talks about "  how HIV/AIDS is not a death sentence -- and that 's a really , really important thing , " according to Nyong ` o. "  If one catches it early on , you can live a healthy life with HIV , " the actress , who is currently enrolled in a drama course at Yale University in the United States , told CNN . Nyong ` o , whose mother worked in a family planning clinic when she was a child , says "  Shuga " has given her a platform to speak about HIV/AIDS to a wider audience . The show has struck a chord with young audiences . A staggering 60 percent of Kenyan youths saw "  Shuga " -- and 90 percent said they intended to change their behavior as a result , according to a survey conducted by Johns Hopkins University following the show 's broadcast . The show not only made an impact on its viewers , however ; its cast says "  Shuga " forever changed their lives for the better . Nicholas Mutuma , who plays the character of Leo , says he "  freaked out " when he first read the script . "  The more I read it , the more I saw me in some of those characters , " he said . "  Me and a couple of the other cast members , we decided we did n't want to be hypocrites -- we 're not going to get this message out there when we do n't know our status ourselves , " said Mutuma . "  So we did get tested , and it 's an empowering experience . " Nearly a year after the show 's debut , the responsibility of making sure the lessons of "  Shuga " continue to be heard now rests with the show 's young cast members . Both Mutuma and Olago have become of the vocal campaigners spreading the message of safe sex and helping educate communities about HIV and AIDS . "  The way "  Shuga " is scripted and the way it is shot , everyone can enjoy it -- it is entertaining , but it educates you at the same time , " said Olago , who also went to get tested following completion of the show . "  That is what you want , " says Olago . "  You want to learn something , especially on issues of HIV/AIDS , which is very personal to all of us . "	"  Shuga " follows young people living with the specter of HIV/AIDS in Nairobi The show is the result of an MTV and UNICEF health campaign in Kenya More than 60 % of Kenyan youth watched the show 's debut
CNN  -- The Miami Beach , Florida , mansion outside which owner and fashion designer Gianni Versace was killed is up for sale at $ 125 million , a real estate firm said . The 19,000-square-foot Casa Casuarina in South Beach has 10 bedrooms and 11 bathrooms , and a centerpiece to the gated compound is a 54-foot-long pool lined in 24-karat gold and adorned with mosaics , frescos , statues , arched doorway and a courtyard , according to real estate agents with Coldwell Banker . Versace bought the house in 1992 and spent $ 33 million on improvements such as a south wing expansion , the pool and garden , the agents said . Versace 's Lake Como Villa items up for sale Versace was shot to death on the doorstep of his home in 1997 , and spree killer Andrew Cunanan is believed to have killed him and four others before Cunanan shot himself in the head on the upper floor of a houseboat in Miami Beach , where he was holed up to avoid police after the Versace shooting . In 2000 , the house was bought by Peter Loftin , who conserved Versace 's touches to the residence , the real estate agents said . "  This is an iconic oasis for the rich-and-famous that sits in the middle of South Beach , " Loftin said in a statement . "  It 's a one-of-a-kind property , created by a genius ; that is a piece of art , and a piece of history . " Added real estate agent Jill Eber in statement : "  The Casa Casuarina is the crown jewel of luxury real estate . " The house was built in 1930 by architect , philanthropist , author and political reformer Alden Freeman , and its design was inspired by the oldest existing house in the Western Hemisphere , the "  Alcazar de Colon " in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic , the real estate firm said . The Alcazar de Colon , once a Colonial palace , is the only known home of the family of explorer Christopher Columbus and is now a museum , according to its website .	A South Beach mansion once owned by Versace has a "  for sale " sign Fashioner designer Gianni Versace was fatally shot on his door step in 1997 Spree killer Andrew Cunanan , suspected in Versace 's murder , killed himself The luxury home , called Casa Casuarina , has 10 bedrooms and 11 bathrooms
CNN  -- Nightlife-driven souls looking for Floridian action point their convertibles toward the likes of Fort Lauderdale and Key West . But a certain quieter , off-the-radar destination on the state 's Gulf Coast holds a different kind of allure . The cult-fave town of Boca Grande is a throwback , an Old Florida time warp that defies the clichÃ © s of Florida beach towns -- all the sloppy , party-hearty aspects -- while embodying the best of what the state has to offer . In the free and easy days of summer , the quest for a great American beach town like Boca Grande is a national passion . Beach towns are a mainstay of the hot months , a beacon for countless citizens looking for a reprieve from the daily grind . The Great American Beach Town , apart from being idle as all get out , is also resolutely democratic , conscious that the sand belongs to all . These spots serve as emblems of our God-given right to get too much sun and to eat tasty -- if nutritionally unfortunate -- fried food . So get that beach chair and cooler ready -- and prepare for the simple pleasures of summer at one of these classic retreats . Sunset Beach , Hawaii Sunset Beach is the world capital of surfing . But in summer , all the wave-riding frenzy ebbs , and this town on the North Shore of Oahu becomes resolutely and wonderfully idle . Stay : The oceanfront Ke Iki Beach Bungalows , a quick drive from the commercial district along the Kamehameha Highway , are all about easy atmosphere and the sounds of the North Shore 's endless surf . Eat : Ted 's Bakery , down the road from the mythical Pipeline , is a casual center of surfer life known for bento-box lunches , garlic shrimp , and mahi mahi sandwiches . Finish it off with a slice of decadent Haupia chocolate pie . See more of America 's best little beach towns Chincoteague , Virginia This small , serene island just off the Virginia coast is the gateway to the 37-mile-long Assateague Island National Seashore -- a nature refuge that 's home to wild ponies , herons , woodpeckers , and foxes . It 's accessible to boaters and via car over the Route 175 bridge . Stay : A Victorian-era home has been turned into Miss Molly 's Inn , a seven-room B&B that offers high tea in the afternoons . Eat : The Chincoteague Diner is a welcome destination after a long day on the beach . Fill up on baskets of fried seafood  flounder , scallops , shrimp  or barbequed baby back ribs . Boca Grande , Florida This Edenic escape on the Gulf of Mexico is a real slice of Old Florida , with a much-photographed lighthouse watching over Gasparilla Island State Park , tree-lined streets without traffic lights , and long , quiet beaches touched by gentle surf . Stay : The Gasparilla Inn , a member of the Historic Hotels of America and the National Trust for Historic Preservation , is the classic resort and comes complete with a golf course . It 's closed during the hottest months , though ; the best alternative is its sister property , the Innlet , which features a waterside restaurant and a relaxed vibe . Eat : A funky Florida spot with character , Temptation -- think murals of leaping tarpon and a neon martini sign -- serves local grouper , pompano , and soft-shell crabs . Lubec , Maine Lubec is all the way Down East , right near the border with New Brunswick , Canada . Its assets include an elegant Victorian/Greek Revival -- style downtown , 97 miles of shoreline , two lighthouses , and easy access to the former Roosevelt summer home on Campobello Island , which is now an international park . Stay : The Peacock House Bed & Breakfast , installed in an 1860 Federal-style residence , has ocean views , an eclectic library and manicured gardens . Eat : Stop by the Water Street Tavern for hearty bowls of haddock chowder , lobster "  mac n cheese , " and views of the bay islands . Travel + Leisure : Ten best shelling beaches Gearhart , Oregon With its antiques shops and picturesque hiking trails , Gearhart -- just north of the renowned , more-bustling Cannon Beach -- is an in-the-know haven for Portland hipsters like Paige Powell and Gus Van Sant . In the evenings , people drive onto the hard-packed sand for wine and stargazing parties . Stay : The 12 attached cottages of the Gearhart Ocean Inn , constructed in 1941 , are an easy walk to the beach and the owners will furnish a "  clam gun " for scooping up clams from the sand . Eat : The nicely refined Pacific Way Bakery & CafÃ © serves top-notch muffins and coffee in the morning , and later a menu that includes bay shrimp , designer pizzas and flawless crab cakes . Santa Cruz , California Thrill-seekers flock to the Giant Dipper roller coaster at the Beach Boardwalk amusement park , but Santa Cruz has a surfeit of other attractions : Henry Cowell Redwoods State Park , surfers at Pleasure Point  and the Santa Cruz Surfing Museum  and frolicsome seals at Natural Bridges State Beach . Stay : At the Casablanca Inn , most rooms have ocean views  and a handful have fireplaces , for when those NoCal nights get chilly  . The restaurant looks out on the awesome expanse of the Pacific . Eat : Center Street Grill is the go-to restaurant for salads , pastas , homemade hollandaise sauce , ahi tuna and freshly squeezed lemonade and orange juice on the outdoor patio . Travel + Leisure : Best affordable beach resorts Rehoboth , Delaware An all-American classic -- saltwater taffy and ice cream on the boardwalk , days of baking in the sun on Dewey Beach -- with a lively art gallery scene and such august institutions as the Biggs Museum of American Art within an hour 's drive . In the evenings , visitors dance at places like the Rusty Rudder or Shag , or just stroll the boardwalk . Stay : The Hotel Rehoboth , a plush boutique lodging , has a welcoming fireplace and a mod cottage-furnishings store off the lobby . Eat : Eden , a high-end restaurant that often lives up to its name , features such dishes as a lobster and crab tower and a coffee-hazelnut rubbed pork tenderloin . Silver Lake Sand Dunes Area , Michigan A beach staple of the Midwest , this strip along Lake Michigan -- encompassing the towns of Hart , Mears , and Pentwater -- has no shortage of massive sand dunes , beach buggies , and farmers ' markets along with over-the-top July 4th fireworks . Stay : A simple affair overlooking the lake and a spread of sand , Dunes Waterfront Resort is not a bad way to get lost on a summer weekend . Eat : That Place Restaurant , a 1950s and '60s theme joint with posters of James Dean and Elvis , is , well , the place to get a hamburger and shake . Rockport , Texas This is nature Texas-style , big and ready to roll , with an enormous flock of whooping cranes in the Aransas National Wildlife Refuge , stunning beaches along nearby Matagorda Island and a 1,000-year-old oak known simply as "  the Big Tree . " Stay : A funky little place with classic beach lodgings , the Fulton Beach Bungalows overlook Aransas Bay . Eat : Steve Lew 's BBQ Kitchen will take you way down home , with pulled pork and Texas-style sausage . Gulf Shores , Alabama Gulf Shores is near miles of splendid beaches along Bon Secour National Wildlife Refuge and is a mainstay of the American seafood industry . Apart from the National Shrimp Festival every fall , the beaches are known for the strange occurrence of "  jubilees , " random nights when crabs , fish and shrimp flop up on the beach and make for easy pickings . Stay : Magnolia Springs Bed and Breakfast is a charmer with stained glass in the den , elaborate woodwork in the great hall and hearty three-course breakfasts . Eat : Set in a circa 1897 building surrounded by Spanish moss and live oak trees , the Wash House Restaurant serves fried oyster lettuce wraps and beef spring rolls . Travel + Leisure : Best secret beaches on earth Avila Beach , California If the days seem brighter in this Central Coast town , just north of Pismo Beach -- well , they are . Avila 's bay location gives it less fog than its neighboring towns , making it all the better for strolling its boardwalk pier and taking a dip in the waters . You 're also a short hop from Paso Robles and wine country . Stay : The nautical-theme Avila Beach Lighthouse Suites may not be old -- the whole pier area was rebuilt after an oil spill in the 1990s -- but it 's old-school , with Ping-Pong , putting greens , and a life-size chessboard . Eat : Start your day with churro-style French toast or the Machaca -- eggs with beef barbacoa , queso fresco , beans , and hash browns -- at the local favorite , the Old Custom House . See more of Travel + Leisure 's picks for America 's best little beach towns What is your favorite U.S. beach town ? Why ? Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	The Great American beach town is democratic , conscious that the sand belongs to all Sunset Beach , Hawaii is the capital of surfing , but becomes idle during the summer The former Roosevelt summer home on Campobello Island is now an international park Gulf Shores , Alabama beaches are known for nights when seafood flops up on the beach .
CNN  -- The cooling system for a nuclear reactor at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi plant lost power for hours Friday afternoon but was operational again , officials at the Tokyo Electric Power Company said . The outage is one of several that has hampered the facility recently . There have been many repairs at the plant since the devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011 that triggered a nuclear disaster there . Fukushima 's nuclear ghost town Last month , power outages at the critical nuclear facility were blamed on rats short circuiting a switchboard , Japan 's Kyodo news agency reported . Officials said at that time that the temporary power loss did not trigger a known release of radioactive material . Metal panels were to be installed Friday around the cooling system to ward off small animals , a Tokyo Electric Power Company spokesman said . The tsunami that hit Fukushima Daiichi after Japan 's historic earthquake knocked out power and coolant systems at the plant , resulting in meltdowns in three reactors . The result was the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl , as the crippled reactors spewed enormous amounts of radioactive particles into the environment . The Tokyo Electric Power Company , the operator of the Fukushima plant , has said it is monitoring radiation contamination levels around the plant .	The outage is one of several recently Other outages were blamed on rats The 2011 tsunami that hit Fukushima Daiichi plant causing a nuclear meltdown
CNN  -- The glamour shots capture them in fashion-model poses -- sprawled on a couch or lounging by the pool , smiling and sensuous . Filomena Domingos da Costa , from left , Anita Pedro and Maria Restino Manuel are competing for the unusual title . But these women are n't typical pageant contestants : Each lost a limb after stepping on a landmine in their native Angola . On Wednesday , they compete for the unusual title of Miss Landmine Angola 2008 . Organizers say they want the pageant to restore the women 's pride and raise awareness about the prevalence of landmines left over from Angola 's three decade-long civil war . Undetonated mines still maim 300 to 400 people a year in the county , according to the United Nations . "  I 'm completely enthusiastic about participating , " said one of the contestants , 25-year-old Paulina Vadi . "  I think that it will give society a wake-up call to be more attentive to disabled people in general . " Vadi was a fourth-grader when she went to a field to gather fruit . A sudden military attack sent her running for cover . She stepped on a Russian-made mine and lost her right leg . That was 11 years ago . Now Vadi lives with her mother and three school-aged children . She works as a street vendor , selling beer and soda . She said she entered the pageant because she wants to be able to return to school . The contestants represent Angola 's various provinces and range in age from 19 to 33 . Their profiles list not only their ages and favorite colors but also when they were injured and what kind of mine claimed their limbs . Most were maimed while tending fields , and they are now unemployed . Vadi 's photograph has her reclined atop a safe , a tiara on her head and a stack of cash in her left hand . Her sash reads , "  Huila , " the province she is representing . All the contestants will receive governmental help to go back to school or to start a small business . The winner gets a new prosthetic limb . Angolan organizers expect to crown two winners Wednesday : one picked by a panel of a dozen officials from the Angolan government and foreign embassies , the other through an online poll . So far , organizers said , close to 9,000 viewers from about 30 countries have voted for their favorite participant on the Web site , www.miss-landmine.org . Pageants for contestants who face physical challenges are nothing new . The United States has Ms. Wheelchair America . And contestants from around the globe compete each year in Miss Deaf World . The Angolan pageant -- with its motto of "  Everyone has a right to be beautiful " -- focuses on a problem that is particularly severe in that country . Thousands of Angolans have been maimed by mines buried during a bloody 27-year civil war . The war began shortly after the country 's independence from Portugal in 1975 and ended six years ago , killing 1.5 million people . Warring sides buried millions of landmines to depopulate areas , slow the movement of opposing forces and defend towns , bridges and power lines . Despite an extensive de-mining program since the end of the war , Angola remains one of the most mined countries in Africa . The mines are so prevalent that their legacy was immediately obvious when Norwegian artist Morten Traavik first visited the southern African nation in 2003 , a year after the war ended . "  The whole country was littered with landmines left over from the conflict , " Traavik said . "  You virtually could n't move anywhere because most of the country was n't even surveyed for landmines , let alone cleared . " While there , Traavik judged a neighborhood beauty contest in the capital of Luanda -- and got the idea for the landmine pageant . Finding money for it proved difficult . Traavik said several nongovernmental organizations turned him down , with one labeling his idea a "  freak show . " "  That says more about your own attitudes toward the disabled people -- and how you think Africans are supposed to be and look like -- than it does our project , " he said . Soon after , Traavik won the blessing of the Angolan government . And he eventually was able to change the minds of people who were initially reluctant , said Becky Thomson , mine action program manager for the nongovernmental group Norwegian People 's Aid . "  I think one of the reasons quite a few of us changed our initial reservations and are seeing it in a different light is very much linked to the fact that when you see the photographs , you see that the women are profiled with dignity , " Thomson said . "  That is really important . " Indeed , dignity is what spurred several of the women to participate . Contestant Ana Diogo is a 32-year-old widowed mother of three who lost her leg to an Italian-made mine in 1984 . Diogo is unemployed , selling tomatoes on the streets when she can find any . She said she hopes the pageant will give her a chance at a better life . Her dream job ? "  Anything , " she said . E-mail to a friend	Pageant goal is to restore pride to women who lost limbs to Angola 's landmines Organizers also want to raise awareness about danger of buried landmines Winner gets a new prosthetic limb ; all contestants will get government help Thousands of Angolans have been maimed by landmines during 27-year civil war
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The source of a mysterious maple syrup-like smell that has periodically blanketed New York is not a particularly aromatic pancake house but a New Jersey factory involved in the processing of fenugreek seeds , Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Thursday . The source of New York 's sweet aroma has been identified as the New Jersey food-flavoring company Frutarom . The sweet aroma first descended upon Manhattan and northern New Jersey in October 2005 , initially triggering several building evacuations as well as concern the scent was physically harmful . Authorities from the Office of Emergency Management soon concluded it posed no danger to the public . The odor made several return appearances in subsequent years , each time confounding nostrils before vanishing as perplexingly as it arrived . Comparing information about local wind speed , wind direction and air humidity against the locations of citizen complaints about the smell , officials from the city 's Department of Environmental Protection narrowed down the potential source to four factories in northern New Jersey that produce food additives and fragrances . Watch how the mystery was solved " Last week , when several dozen residents of Upper Manhattan called to complain about the smell , the environmental department , having developed a new evidence gathering procedure , gathered air samples from each suspected source in canisters . Tests revealed the pungent perpetrator of that incident was a Hudson County facility owned by Frutarom , a company that develops and manufactures flavors for the food , fragrance and pharmaceutical industries . The specific chemical agents responsible for the scent are esters , compounds "  created by the reaction between an alcohol and an acid " during the processing of fenugreek seeds , according to Bloomberg . Toasted fenugreek seeds are often used in the production of artificial syrups and in the cuisines of a number of cultures . The mayor said New Jersey officials , who cooperated with New York in the investigation , had concluded that Frutorom had not violated any rules . He said New Yorkers will have to tolerate the syrup smell 's occasional return , noting that it 's a relatively benign odor . "  All things considered I can think of a lot of things worse than maple syrup , " he said .	New York finally identifies mysterious maple syrup-like smell that first arose in 2005 Mayor Bloomberg says New Jersey factory processing fenugreek seeds is source New York , New Jersey officials say residents will have to tolerate the benign smell
President Barack Obama on Sunday signaled for the first time that he is likely to dispatch U.S. military resources to help fight the serious outbreak of Ebola in several countries in West Africa . "  We have to make this a national security priority . We have to mobilize the international community , get resources in there , " the President said to Chuck Todd on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " "  We 're going to have to get U.S. military assets just to set up , for example , isolation units and equipment there , to provide security for public health workers surging from around the world . " Obama 's comments come after sharp criticism from Dr. Joanne Liu , president of Doctors Without Borders , last week . "  States with the required capacity have a political and humanitarian responsibility to come forward and offer a desperately needed , concrete response to the disaster unfolding in front of the world 's eyes ... rather than limit their response to the potential arrival of an infected patient in their countries , " Liu said . Obama cautioned that inaction could have dire consequences . "  If we do n't make that effort now , and this spreads not just through Africa but other parts of the world , there 's the prospect then that the virus mutates . It becomes more easily transmittable . And then it could be a serious danger to the United States , " Obama said . American Ebola survivor Dr. Keith Brantly pleaded for help from the international community in a recent op-ed for Time . "  The national governments of West Africa are overwhelmed , " Brantly said . "  This is a global problem , and it requires the action of national governments around the world . " Obama echoed Brantly 's sentiments , arguing that U.S. leadership is necessary for a health crisis of this magnitude . "  When I go before Congress , and I say , ` Let 's give some public health aid to countries like Liberia , so that they can set up hospitals and nurses and vaccinations , et cetera , ' you know , sometimes , you know , the American public says , ` Why are we wasting money on them ? ' " Obama said , explaining , "  When we make those short-term investments now , it really pays a lot of dividends in the future . " The Ebola outbreak has been centered in Guinea , Sierra Leone and Liberia , with a handful of cases in Nigeria . The overall fatality rate is 50 % , WHO said , ranging from 39 % in Sierra Leone to 64 % in Guinea , according to the latest figures . Sierra Leone plans nationwide lockdown	President Barack Obama : "  We have to mobilize the international community " On "  Meet the Press , " he warns inaction could have dire consequences down the road The president of Doctors Without Borders has criticized the U.S. response
CNN  -- Defending champions Spain are through to the 2012 Davis Cup final after a 3-1 defeat of the United States . Spanish world No. 5 David Ferrer beat John Isner 6-7  3-7  6-3 6-4 6-2 in Sunday 's decisive singles match in Gijon , after brothers Bob and Mike Bryan had kept U.S. hopes alive with victory in Saturday 's doubles match . Spain will appear in the final for the sixth time in the last 10 years as they bid for a sixth Davis Cup triumph . The win extends Ferrer 's perfect record in clay-court Davis Cup singles rubbers . The 30-year-old has won all 16 of his matches on the surface . "  I 'm very happy , this is a dream for me , " Ferrer told the tournament 's official website . "  Another Davis Cup final , we won here at home in Gijon . "  I won the last match against John Isner , who is a very good player , and this tie was never easy . "  The atmosphere was unbelievable . They supported me all the time in the match . I want to enjoy this moment , I 'm really happy . " Injury robbed Spain of 11-time grand slam winner Rafael Nadal , who is struggling with a knee problem . The final will be a repeat of the 2009 showpiece after Tomas Berdych 's straight-sets win against Carlos Berlocq saw the Czech Republic seal a 3-1 victory over 2011 runners-up Argentina . World No. 45 Berlocq was drafted in for the singles match after Argentina 's No. 1 Juan Martin del Porto was forced to withdraw from the tie through injury on Saturday . Berdych , a semifinalist at the recent U.S. Open , was rarely troubled by Berlocq and sealed a straight-forward 6-3 6-3 6-4 win , much to the disappointment of the Buenos Aires crowd . The Czech Republic will have home advantage for the final , which will take place between November 16-18 .	Defending champions Spain into the Davis Cup final after beating the U.S. World No. 5 David Ferrer beat American John Isner in the decisive match Spain have now reached the final six times in the last 10 years The Czech Republic beat Argentina 3-1 to book their place in the final
EW.com  -- After a day of giving thanks , eating turkey , and watching TV with the family , a common impulse is to get out of the house and go shopping . Just kidding ! Instead of braving the Black Friday brawls , sit back and relax with even more TV marathons .  That 's what Cyber Monday is for , is n't it ?  Standouts include complete  - ish  sets of favorite franchises such as Harry Potter , Pirates of the Caribbean , Star Wars , and Star Trek , as well as guilty-pleasure reality series like House Hunters International and Say Yes to the Dress : Atlanta . Check out the weekend guide to binge-watching heaven here : * Note : Final time is when final episode begins ; all in ET A&E : Barter Kings  Friday , 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.  , The First 48  Friday , 4 p.m. to 3 a.m. , Sunday 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.  , Storage Wars Texas / Storage Wars  Saturday , 2 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.  , Shipping Wars  Sunday , 4:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.  , Duck Dynasty  Sunday , 7 p.m. to 3:30 a.m. ABC Family : Harry Potter marathon  Friday , 9:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. , Saturday , 7 a.m. to 11 p.m.  -- Catch volumes Goblet of Fire through Deathly Hallows Part 1 on Friday and Prisoners of Azkhaban through Deathly Hallows Part 2  minus Goblet of Fire for some mysterious reason  on Saturday . AMC : Hitchcock marathon including Vertigo , Rear Window , Psycho , and The Birds  Friday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.  ; Steven Seagal marathon including Exit Wounds , Out for Justice , On Deadly Ground , Above the Law , Under Siege , and Hard to Kill  Saturday , 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.  ; The Walking Dead season four marathon  Sunday , 2 p.m. to 9 p.m  -- Celebrate American high and low pop culture . EW : Pardcast-A-Thon 2013 preview - Jimmy Pardo on Smile Train and hitting the eight-hour podcast wall Animal Planet : Tanked  Friday , 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.  , Pit Bulls and Parolees  Saturday , 12 p.m. to 2 a.m. BBC America : Planet Earth  Friday , 8 a.m. to 5 a.m. BET : The Game  Friday , 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. , Saturday , 8 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Bravo : The Real Housewives of Atlanta  Sunday , 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. Comedy Central : Tosh .0  Sunday , 8 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. E! : Keeping Up With the Kardashians  Sunday , 11:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. Esquire : The Getaway  Saturday , 6 a.m. to 3 p.m. Food Network : Guy Fieri marathon with Guy 's Grocery Games  Friday , 12 p.m. to 5 p.m.  and Diners , Drive-Ins , and Dives  Friday , 6 p.m. to 3:30 a.m. FXX : Parks and Recreation  Friday , 4 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.  -- Forget about the hiatus with reruns . History : Pawn Stars  Friday , 8 a.m. to 3:30 a.m.  , American Restoration  Saturday , 7 p.m. to 3:30 a.m. HGTV : House Hunters/House Hunters International  Friday , 7 a.m. to 3:30 a.m. MTV : Awkward  Friday , 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. National Geographic Channel : The '80s : The Decade That Made Us  Friday 9 a.m. to 2 a.m.  , Hitler and Nazi-themed specials  Saturday , 12 p.m. to 6 p.m.  , Alaska State Troopers  Sunday , 11 a.m. to 2 a.m. OWN : Oprah 's Next Chapter  Sunday , 3 p.m. to 9 p.m.  -- Oprah profiles Magic Johnson in a new episode at 9 p.m. Oxygen : America 's Next Model  Friday , 6:30 a.m.-4 :30 p.m.  , Snapped  Sunday , 9 a.m. to 12 a.m. Science : Survivorman/Survivorman 's Survival Secrets  Friday , 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.  , Through the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman  Saturday , 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.  , How the Earth Works  Sunday , 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. EW : Giada De Laurentiis cuts her finger during Food Network Thanksgiving special Spike : Star Wars marathon  Friday , 2 p.m. to 9 p.m. , Saturday , 9 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. , Sunday 3 p.m. to 9 p.m.  -- Watch each episode in order as Phantom Menace , Attack of the Clones , and Revenge of the Sith air Friday and Saturday as well as A New Hope on Saturday . The original trilogy airs Sunday . Sundance Channel : The Returned  Sunday , 3:45 p.m. to 8:45 p.m. Syfy : Star Trek marathon including Star Trek : The Motion Picture , Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan , Star Trek III : The Search for Spock , Star Trek IV : The Voyage Home , Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country , Star Trek Generations , Star Trek : First Contact , and Star Trek : Nemesis  Saturday , 11 a.m. to Sunday , 2:30 p.m.  -- Reminisce with the original KHAAAAAN ! TBS : Shrek , Shrek 2 , and Shrek the Third  Friday , 9:45 a.m. to 1:45 p.m.  -- We like to pretend Shrek Forever After does n't exist , too . TLC : Say Yes to the Dress : Atlanta  Friday , noon to 9:30 p.m.  , Extreme Couponing  Saturday , 3 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. TNT : Pirates of the Caribbean : The Curse of the Black Pearl , Dead Man 's Chest , and At World 's End  Friday , 8 p.m. to 2 a.m. Travel : Bizarre Foods America  Friday , 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.  , Ghost Adventures  Friday , 4 p.m. to 9 p.m. , Saturday , 8 p.m. to 3 a.m. truTV : Guinness World Records  Friday , 8 p.m. to 2 a.m. TVLand : I Love Lucy  Friday , 9 a.m. to 12:36 p.m.  , The Andy Griffith Show  Friday , 1:12 p.m. to 7:05 p.m.  Everybody Loves Raymond  Friday , 9 p.m. to 11 p.m. , Saturday , 8:21 p.m. to 11 p.m.  , The Exes  Saturday , 2 a.m. to 8:24 a.m.  , The Brady Bunch  Saturday and Sunday , 9 a.m. to 1:12 p.m.  , Roseanne  1:48 p.m. to 4:30 p.m.  , The Cosby Show  Sunday , 5 p.m. to 9:30 p.m.  -- All the sitcom marathons ! USA : Modern Family  Friday , 8 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. , Saturday 8 p.m. to 11 p.m.  , Law & Order : SVU  Saturday , 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. , Sunday , 9 a.m. to 12 a.m.  -- It 's not a holiday without a Law & Order : SVU marathon VH1 : Behind the Music  Friday , 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.  , Mob Wives  Saturday , 2 p.m. to 9 p.m. WE : Roseanne  Friday and Sunday , 10 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.  , Will & Grace  Friday , 4 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. , Saturday 2 p.m. to 4:30 a.m.  , CSI : Miami  Sunday , 4 p.m. to 4 a.m. See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	You can sit back and watch tons of TV this weekend There will be a two-day "  Harry Potter " marathon Comedy Central , BBC America , E! and others running marathons of their shows
Silao , Mexico  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI led an open-air Mass Sunday before throngs of faithful Catholics in central Mexico . Cheering onlookers waved balloons , flags and banners as the pope arrived at Bicentennial Park in Mexico 's Guanajuato state . Many said they had spent the night camped out , awaiting the pope 's arrival . More than 400,000 people attended the Mass , according to Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency . The pope urged Mexican Catholics to remain true to their faith , and called on the Virgin Mary to "  continue accompanying and protecting her beloved Mexican and Latin American children , so that Christ reigns in their lives and helps them to boldly promote peace , harmony , justice and solidarity . " The pope 's visit to Mexico comes as church leaders there grapple with brutal drug-related violence . More than 47,000 people have died since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . The Archbishop of Leon asked the pope to deliver a message of hope to crowds gathered Sunday , noting that Mexico faces "  events of violence and death that have created a painful sensation of fear , impotence and pain . " "  We know that this dramatic reality has perverse roots that feed it , poverty , the absence of opportunity , corruption , impunity , the inefficient administration of justice , " Archbishop of Leon Jose Guadalupe Martin Rabago said . The pope arrived in Mexico on Friday on his first trip to Spanish-speaking Latin America . He visited Portuguese-speaking Brazil in 2007 and the United States a year later . He is scheduled to arrive in Cuba Monday . Guanajuato state , which is hosting the pontiff , boasts the highest percentage of Catholics in Mexico -- well over 90 percent . Nationally , the number of Catholics is 83 percent , according to Mexico 's National Institute of Statistics and Geography . CNN 's Rafael Romo and CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	NEW : State media : More than 400,000 people attend the Mass NEW : The pope urges Mexican Catholics to remain true to their faith Cheering onlookers wave balloons , flags and banners as the pope arrives The pope travels to Cuba Monday
CNN -- From organic toothpaste to "  clean " petrol , it seems as though all the products in our lives are busily championing their eco-friendly credential . Nevermind the white wash , how do you deal with greenwash ? But who holds these companies to account and how can you separate the facts about a product or company from marketing fiction ? Scot Case from environmental marketing firm TerraChoice has come up with what he calls the "  Six Sins of Greenwashing " that he claims many companies are guilty of when making their environmental claims . Now is you chance to gain some clarity in the sea of green marketing and find out how to tell the eco-sinners from the eco-winners . Email Scot your questions and he will reply here on Eco Solutions on Monday , October 27 .	Email your questions on ethical shopping and green products to Scot Case Case is an expert on ethical marketing and exposing company "  greenwashing " Read the ` Ask the expert ' Q&A on carbon trading
Grief counselors Wednesday visited the West Palm Beach , Florida , school of two teens allegedly killed by their mother in an apparent double murder-suicide , a school district official told CNN . Alex Berman , 16 , along with his 15-year-old sister , Jacqueline , were found shot to death in their home Monday in an upscale South Florida neighborhood . The teens ' mother , Jennifer Berman , 48 , was also found dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound , according to CNN affiliates . The siblings were both promising musicians -- Alex was a cellist , Jacqueline a violinist -- at the prestigious Alexander W. Dreyfoos School of the Arts where they were straight-A students , according to local media reports . "  Of course we are deeply saddened by the events and the loss of Alexander and Jacqueline Berman , " School District of Palm Beach County spokeswoman Natalia Powers said . "  We have a group of counselors that are going to the school and have been going there since Monday to assist any of our students or staff that need any additional assistance . We want to help them cope with this given the circumstances . " In a 911 call released by the West Palm Beach Police Department , Richard Berman , the teens ' father , rushed to the home after he received a bizarre e-mail from his ex-wife , the teens ' mother . Berman called police on the way to the home he once shared with his family . "  I 'm just about getting there , but it 's kind of concerning me , " Berman said in the call . "  My ex-wife said she was going to harm the kids and that I should get over there ASAP . I 'm afraid to go in . My neighbor went in , and there 's blood up on the wall and near her bedroom . " "  There 's all this blood upstairs . The police are here right now , " a neighbor could be heard saying on the 911 call . "  I think the girl is up in bed with her , but once I got up there and I saw what was up there I had to run back downstairs , " she added . Berman told the 911 dispatcher that he recalled his ex-wife had her father 's old rifles in the house . Police have not released a motive for murder-suicide . According to court records , the Bermans had recently divorced after more than 20 years of marriage . In August , court documents show Jennifer Berman was given exclusive use and possession of the home where the killings happened because of "  extreme emotional abuse ... in the home . " Court paperwork filed by Jennifer Berman also showed signs of financial turmoil , indicating her ex-husband did not pay the mortgage , despite living in the house during the divorce proceedings . "  He has not contributed to the support of the wife or of the minor children . In fact , he has refused to pay for toilet paper , buys food and supplies for himself and keeps them where the wife and children can not access them , " court records said . The mother 's financial state was bad enough that she sold her late father 's watch to buy gas , groceries and clothes for the children , according to documents . A well-known real estate broker in the area , Richard Berman also was dealing with tough financial circumstances of his own , court documents indicated . An affidavit filed in October said he was running a monthly debt of nearly $ 2,000 . Overall , Berman had debts of more than $ 790,000 , according to court paperwork . CNN 's attempts to get in touch with the Richard Berman were unsuccessful . Police declined to comment or release an incident report . Neighbors were shocked to hear the news . Others said they had seen a noticeable change in the mother 's appearance . "  Oh , God , I ca n't talk about this . I just ca n't . I loved Alex and Jackie so much they are like my own kids . Alex was always at my house . He was my son 's best friend , " Dawn Alba told CNN affiliate WPBF . "  A couple of days ago , she was different , " neighbor Marian Sklodowsk told CNN affiliate WSVN . "  You could see it in her face , there was something missing , something disturbed in her mind . The conversation , the language , the eyes ... something was missing . " Guns and suicide : One mother 's heartbreaking tale	Mom killed son , daughter in apparent double murder-suicide , according to reports Grief counselors visit school where Alex , Jacqueline Berman were musicians Father calls 911 and tells dispatcher , "  My ex-wife said she was going to harm the kids " Family had gone through divorce , experienced financial problems , court documents say
Get off the roads , and stay off . That was the message in Georgia and the Carolinas as a snow and ice storm swept through Wednesday , bringing some of the Southeast 's most populous cities to a standstill . The warnings came as freezing rain brought heavy ice accumulations from Atlanta to Charlotte . Across a large swath of the South , hundreds of thousands of people were without power and thousands of flights were canceled . Calling ice the biggest enemy , Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal declared a state of emergency . School districts canceled classes and government offices were shuttered in an attempt to avoid a repeat of the traffic paralysis caused by a storm last month . Up to three-quarters of an inch of ice was expected to accumulate in Atlanta and up to 10 inches of snow and sleet were expected in Raleigh and Charlotte , making travel treacherous . Also in the storm 's path were Virginia and Washington , with much of the Northeast to follow . All federal offices in the nation 's capital were ordered closed , and thousands of employees were being told to stay home , according to the Office of Personnel Management . ` Stay home , if you can ' While most of the major thoroughfares in and out of the city of Atlanta were reportedly devoid of traffic , a different scene was playing out to the northeast where the storm appeared to take people by surprise despite days of warnings . "  Stay home , if you can , " North Carolina 's Department of Public Safety said in posts on Twitter . "  Quickly deteriorating road conditions , numerous car accidents in Durham/Franklin/Johnston / Wake counties . " Collaborate and listen : A catchy school closure Gridlock gripped portions of the state , including Raleigh , Durham and Charlotte , as cars and trucks got stuck on snow - and ice-covered roads . "  We saw so many people ... cars piled up and left on the side of the road , and wrecks , " said Christina Martinson , who was stuck in the snow-bound traffic with her husband and son for hours in Durham . "  It 's really , really bad , and it got so bad so quickly that people just were n't ready . Even though we were warned , it just happened more quickly than you would think possible . " For some , there just was n't enough time . Michael Crosswhite , 44 , planned on leaving work in Raleigh , in Wake County , by midafternoon , well ahead of when forecasters initially predicted a snow and ice storm to hit the area . But by noon , the snow and icy rain was coming down . ` Nothing you can do but hope you do n't get stuck ' "  We just passed an 18-wheeler that spun out into a ditch , " he said by telephone more than two hours into his journey home to Durham , a trip that typically takes less than 30 minutes . School 's out : That 's a rap Moments later , a car ahead of him spun out in front of him . "  It 's kind of slushy , and there are just icy spots that there is nothing you can do but hope you do n't get stuck , " Crosswhite said . The images out of Raleigh and Charlotte recalled a similar scenario in Atlanta , a city shut down by 2.6 inches of snow two weeks ago when thousands of commuters were stuck on highways . Some drivers spent up to 20 hours in their cars . "  Right now we 've got people traveling up and down the highways in special four-wheel vehicles to make any rescues that we need to make , and more than anything else we 're just encouraging people to be smart , and do n't put their stupid hat on during the next 48 hours , " North Carolina Gov. Pat McCrory said . The North Carolina Department of Transportation is urging people not to abandon their vehicles . "  There are some people abandoning their vehicles . We are urging them not to . It is very dangerous for them to be on foot with cars sliding near them and it blocks access for our sand trucks and plows and causes gridlock , " said Communications Supervisor Steve Abbott . Track the storm It appeared people in Atlanta had learned their lesson . Deal applauded Atlantans who kept the roads clear , saying during a midday news conference , "  That 's a good starting point . " Even so , there were thousands without power across the state after ice caused tree limbs to snap , knocking out power lines . With temperatures below freezing , the National Guard opened up 35 armories across the state to be used as shelters and warming centers , CNN affiliate WSB-TV reported . In Durham , the Streets at Southpoint Mall opened up as a shelter . "  We are here for people that need to get off the road , " general manager Todd Anderson said . "  We had a few people here earlier , now there is just a handful of people left but we will be available through evening . " "  We are just trying to do the right and get people out of the cold , " he added . The Red Cross , meanwhile , reported hundreds sought shelter overnight at its facilities stretching from Louisiana to North Carolina . In North Carolina , Kim Martin Rehberg 's typical 25-minute commute was turning into an hours-long ordeal Wednesday as she tried to make it from her office in Durham to her home in Raleigh . Three hours later , she still had miles to go . So , too , did the rest of her family who were stuck in traffic across the region . "  My daughter was stranded trying to get from her gymnastics class in Apex . My ex-husband is trying to get her and he got trapped , " she said by telephone , referring to a Raleigh suburb . "  My husband is in Charlotte and says things are bad . All the gas stations are shutting down , and I had trouble trying to gas up . " ` Our own trucks are stuck ' There are snowplows on the roads but "  unfortunately some of our own trucks are stuck in the same traffic jams that a lot of other people are and they 're having a hard time getting to the roads that need to be cleared , " said Dan Howe , Raleigh 's assistant city manager . The low-pressure weather system bringing the snow and ice to the Southeast is expected to move up the East Coast , dropping snow on the Northeast . Six to 8 inches are predicted for Washington , with especially heavy snowfall Thursday morning , and 6 to 10 inches on New York from midnight Wednesday into Thursday , with a combination of snow , sleet and rain continuing until Friday morning . New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo told state agencies to prepare "  for an impending nor'easter " and asked residents to avoid unnecessary travel . Power outages More than 729,000 customers were without power in the Southeast , power companies told CNN . More than 210,000 were Georgia Power customers , the utility said . South Carolina was the hardest hit , with about 220,000 customers without electricity , while Wilmington , North Carolina , accounted for more than 58,000 outages . The utilities said Wednesday morning they expect those numbers to rise over the next 24 hours . Georgia Power , the state 's largest utility , warned that hundreds of thousands could be without electricity for days . "  This has the opportunity to be a huge event when you 're talking about the amount of ice you 're looking at , " Aaron Strickland , Georgia Power 's emergency operations chief , told reporters . The utility staged fleets of trucks across the area . Teams from Florida , Texas and Ohio bolstered local line crews . Transportation woes The storm system also was taking its toll on travel . Amtrak suspended some rail service in the Northeast , South and Mid-Atlantic regions for Wednesday . Nationwide , more than 3,400 flights were canceled Wednesday and even more than 4,100 were scrubbed for Thursday , according to FlightAware.com . Among the canceled flights were more than 1,600 in and out of Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson Internationanl Airport . Charlotte Douglas International and Raleigh-Durham International airports accounted for the majority of other flights canceled . Deadly toll At least 10 deaths have been blamed on the weather , including a 55-year-old man who was killed in a head-on collision in Virginia , authorities said . Two people were killed in Georgia , and two died in North Carolina , they said . In Texas , three people died when an ambulance driver lost control on an icy patch of road outside of Carlsbad , the state Department of Public Safety said . A patient , a paramedic and another passenger were pronounced dead at the scene . In Mississippi , authorities blamed the storm for two traffic deaths . Stir-crazy ? How to stay sane It 's not the snow , it 's the ice Travelers get another winter wallop	More than 729,000 without power in Southeast , utilities say More than 4,100 flights are canceled for Thursday All federal offices in Washington are shuttered , officials say Casualty toll from storm climbs to at least 10
CNN  -- This time , history did n't repeat itself . Democratic Rep. Ed Markey Tuesday won a special U.S. Senate election in Massachusetts , topping Republican businessman and former Navy SEAL Gabriel Gomez in an election marked by low voter turnout . The contest was the second time in three years that Massachusetts voters headed to the polls in a special U.S. Senate election with national implications . In January 2010 , little-known Republican state Sen. Scott Brown upset Martha Coakley , the Commonwealth 's Democratic attorney general , in a contest to fill the remainder of the term of longtime Democratic Sen. Ted Kennedy , who died the previous summer . Brown 's victory set the stage for the GOP wave in the November 2010 midterm elections . Fast forward three years , and this time there was no upset . With 100 % of precincts reporting , Markey led Gomez 55 % -45 % , according to local media reports . Markey , who had led in all the pre-election public opinion polls , will serve the remaining year and a half of the term of longtime Democratic Sen. John Kerry , who stepped down earlier this year after being confirmed as U.S. secretary of state . Humble beginnings In his victory speech , the 20-term congressman talked about his humble beginnings . "  I was the first in my family to go to college . I drove an ice cream truck to work my way through Boston College as a commuter . But thanks to the opportunities this country gave me , this son of a milkman is going to serve the state of Massachusetts in the United States Senate , " said Markey . Markey , 66 , held his election night victory party in Boston 's Park Plaza Hotel , the same hotel where Brown celebrated his upset victory in 2010 . Brown , who lost his Senate seat last November when he was defeated by Democrat Elizabeth Warren , passed on running in this special election , setting the stage for Gomez , who had never held public office . "  We can be proud of what we accomplished , literally starting from scratch five months ago . Nobody knew who I was outside of Cohasset , a couple of little league baseball teams and the amazing people I worked with . But look at us now , " said Gomez in his concession speech about 90 minutes after the polls closed in the Bay State . National Democrats , taking no chances this time around , greatly outspent national Republicans in the contest , which Gomez acknowledged in his remarks . "  We were massively overspent . We went up against literally the whole national Democratic party and all its allies and the machine . But in face of all this diversity , we could not have fought a better fight , " added Gomez , 47 . No Republican upset While the GOP looked to comparisons to the 2010 special election and Gomez aides predicted a shocker , much has changed since Brown 's upset victory . President Barack Obama 's health care measure was facing key votes in Congress at the time , and Brown 's victory gave Republicans a key 41st seat in the Senate , allowing them to filibuster Democratic initiatives such as Obamacare . The tea party movement , formed less than a year earlier , was on the rise , and played an important role in support of Brown , a charismatic candidate . And many national and state Democrats took the seat for granted as it had been in the party 's hands for decades . While there was still a lot at stake in this election  a GOP upset in Tuesday 's contest would take a bite out of the Democrats current slim 54-46 majority in the Senate  , and while partisanship is still just as bitter in the nation 's capital , the climate has changed a bit , the seat was not considered a crucial vote in any upcoming legislation and the face received much less national media attention than the 2010 campaign . Low turnout Special elections often draw low turnout , and this race was no an exception . With many of the high profile names deciding against running , the contest was generating little interest with the public even before it was overshadowed by April 's Boston Marathon bombings , which killed three people and injured nearly 300 . Combine that with possible voter fatigue  this was the third Senate election in the state in the past three and a half years  and a heatwave on Election Day , and it all added up to an apparently record low voter turnout for the contest , far below the 52 % turnout in the 2010 special contest . Concerned about low turnout , the biggest names in the Democratic Party all traveled to Massachusetts to lend Markey a helping hand . In the past three weeks , President Barack Obama , Vice President Joe Biden , former President Bill Clinton and first lady Michelle Obama all campaigned with Markey . In an e-mail following Markey 's victory , the Democratic National Committee said that they "  built two predictive voter models to gauge support for Markey and turnout , applying the lessons learned from the Obama Campaign 's 2012 innovative modeling efforts . " And a memo from Guy Cecil , executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , said that "  the lesson from Scott Brown 's accidental win in 2010 was that Democrats must never take a race for granted . Months before Senator John Kerry resigned to become Secretary of State , the DSCC began preparing for a likely special election in Massachusetts . " A rematch ? Markey will succeed William "  Mo " Cowan . Democratic Gov. Deval Patrick appointed his former chief of staff to serve as interim senator after Kerry stepped down . If he wants to stay in the Senate past next year , Markey will need to run for re-election in November 2014 , when a full six-year term will be at stake . Gomez has hinted that he 'll run again , and minutes after the election was called , some national Republicans already had their eyes on a rematch . "  Today marks the end of the first mile in the marathon to permanently fill the Massachusetts Senate seat . Gabriel Gomez is well prepared to win that marathon over the next 16 months , " said Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas , chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , in a statement . Marked by nastiness The race between Markey and Gomez was marked by its nastiness , with both candidates leveling charges of hyper-partisanship to try and sway voters in the Bay State . The back-and-forth between the two candidates spanned a laundry list of issues . Markey demanded Gomez release more of his income tax returns to shed light on a real estate transaction . Gomez suggested Markey was n't a valid resident of Massachusetts after three decades in Washington . Gomez called Markey "  pond scum " for airing an ad that pictured him alongside Osama bin Laden . And Markey cast doubt on Gomez 's past as a private equity investor since his rival would n't disclose his list of clients . The sniping played out in television ads and in three debates , which featured pointed remarks from both candidates . In the final showdown , a tense moment arose when Gomez challenged Markey on term limits - a policy that would have prevented the 20-term Democrat from remaining in Washington . Markey countered by asking his Republican rival whether he 'd posed the same question to longtime GOP senators like Mitch McConnell and John McCain . Gomez said he had . Markey , without explicitly accusing Gomez of lying , expressed deep skepticism . The exchange got to the heart of the Republican candidate 's central takedown of Markey - that the longtime Democratic congressman 's roots in Washington disqualify him as a voice for Bay State voters . "  Who are the people going to trust to put people in front of party and politics ? " Gomez asked at the start of the debate . Markey seemed to bristle at the suggestion he 's been outside of Massachusetts too long , even going as far as reciting his home address in Malden where he said he 's lived for more than six decades . "  The question is n't where you 're coming from , it 's where you 're going , " Markey said before launching into his own main takedown of his rival . "  Mr. Gomez , he 's backing these tired old Republican ideas ... That 's a reflection of who he 's going to be with down in the United States Senate . "	The election is marked by low voter turnout Markey beats Gomez 55 % -45 % Democrats greatly outspend Republicans in the contest Gomez has hinted he 'll run again
CNN  -- Forty years ago , a group of young people led by a charismatic , 5-foot-2-inch ex-con named Charles Manson set out on a murderous spree in Los Angeles , California . They planned to spark an apocalyptic race war that Manson called "  Helter Skelter , " after a song by the Beatles . Charles Manson 's mug shot shows a beard gone gray . The swastika on his forehead is still visible . Over two nights in August 1969 , the killers took the lives of seven people , inflicting 169 stab wounds and seven .22 - caliber gunshot wounds . They used the blood of their victims to scrawl anti-establishment messages on the walls : "  Pig , " "  Death to Pigs , " "  Rise " and a misspelled "  Healter Skelter . " "  The murders were probably the most bizarre and far-out in the recorded annals of American time , " said Vincent Bugliosi , who prosecuted Manson and members of his "  Family " and later wrote the best-selling book "  Helter Skelter . " "  People are fascinated by the strange and the bizarre . " Crimes linger in our memories when they are especially horrific or when they represent the era in which they occur . The Manson murders did both . And they grew to symbolize the dark side of the California dream , as well as the political , social and cultural turbulence of the 1960s . Listen to the music of the Manson murders " Laurie Levenson , a professor at Loyola Law School who follows high-profile cases , described Manson as the worst of the worst , evil incarnate . "  If you 're going to be evil , you have to be off-the-charts evil , and Charlie Manson was off-the-charts evil , " said Levenson . The Manson murders abruptly ended the "  decade of love , " and Southern California lost its sun-kissed , self-indulgent innocence . The crimes added a lasting mantra for the times , Los Angeles Times columnist Patt Morrison said : "  Live freaky , die freaky . " "  It was the dark side of paradise , " Morrison said . "  People could shake their fingers and say , ` This is where your high-living , rich , hippie , movie-star lifestyle gets you . This is where the drug culture gets you . ' It 's the boomerang effect , the wages of sin . " Actress Sharon Tate , 26 , famed hairstylist Jay Sebring , 35 , coffee fortune heiress Abigail Folger , 25 , and two others died shortly after midnight August 9 , 1969 , at a rambling house overlooking Benedict Canyon . Tate was married to director Roman Polanski and eight months pregnant . She begged in vain for her life , saying she wanted to live to have her baby , according to Bugliosi . The next night , grocer Leno LaBianca , 44 , and his wife , Rosemary , 38 , were butchered in their home in the wealthy Los Feliz neighborhood . Rosemary LaBianca was stabbed 41 times . A fork jutted from Leno LaBianca 's abdomen , where one of his killers had carved the word "  war . " When arrests came and the identities of the killers became known , the case grew even more frightening , Bugliosi said . The suspects were hippies who lived in a commune at an old movie set in the San Fernando Valley called Spahn Ranch , where they dropped acid , engaged in orgies and went on nighttime break-ins , missions they called "  creepy crawls . " "  They could have been the kid next door , " Bugliosi said . "  Tex Watson was a straight-A student , a track star . Patricia Krenwinkel wanted to be a nun and sang in a church choir . Leslie Van Houten was homecoming princess at Monrovia High School . " They were in thrall of Manson , who told them he was Jesus Christ -- and the devil , rolled into one . Manson 's "  Helter Skelter " race war and revolution never came . He and Susan Atkins , Watson , Krenwinkel and Van Houten are serving life terms for their roles in the murders . Atkins , who is said to be dying of brain cancer , has a parole hearing next month . With their brew of violence , music and anti-establishment youth counterculture , the murders and ensuing trials established Manson as a perverse cultural icon that endures to this day . Along the way , the mastermind transcended his victims , and the Tate-LaBianca murders became known as the Manson murders . Charlie Manson 's image can still be found on posters and T-shirts . In 1998 , the animated television series "  South Park " featured Manson in a Christmas special . There have been books , a play , an opera and television movies about the case . There are even iPhone applications of Manson 's famous quotes . Learn more about the music that was influenced by Manson " "  Manson is like a Rorschach test , " said Robert Thompson , a Syracuse University professor who teaches popular culture . "  How you interpret his place in popular culture depends on your own place in the culture . " Before the Manson murders , no one thought hippies were capable of violence . The Manson Family was "  looking and living like typical hippies , " Bugliosi said , "  but they were mass murderers . That was their religion , their credo . They wanted to kill as many people as they could . That shocked the nation , and that hurt the countercultural movement . " Manson 's musical roots partially explain his staying power . A folk singer , he wanted to break into the music industry and recorded some songs with one of the Beach Boys . Manson 's own music has continued to influence other performers , like Guns N ' Roses and Marilyn Manson . Manson believed that the Beatles were speaking to him through the lyrics of the White Album , which was released in late 1968 . The apocalyptic message , as Manson interpreted it : Blacks would "  rise up " and overthrow the white establishment in a race war . Manson and his Family would be spared by hiding out in a "  bottomless pit " near Death Valley until he could emerge to assume leadership of the post-revolutionary order . Manson 's crimes continue to evoke a strong reaction long after public obsession over other high-profile cases has faded . He was the bogeyman under the bed , the personification of evil , the freaky one-man horror show . For years , when prison officials still allowed it , he gave television interviews , never failing to shock . The interviews kept memories of him fresh long after he was locked up . "  You got a pistol on you ? " he asked Tom Snyder during a televised 1981 prison interview . "  Well , I just thought you might not like what I have done and want to do something about it . " Seven years later , he was far more volatile during a televised conversation with Geraldo Rivera : "  I 'm gon na kill you , as many as I can . I 'm gon na pile you up to the sky , I figure about 50 million ... " What sets Manson apart from other infamous killers is that he never killed anyone himself , Levenson said . Instead , he convinced others , mostly women , to kill for him . His powers of persuasion did n't stop there . During his 1970 trial , Manson carved an X in his forehead , saying , "  I have Xed myself from your world . " His codefendants and sidewalk followers soon did the same . When Manson was convicted , he and his codefendants shaved their heads . "  It 's mind warp . That was really scary , " Levenson said . "  It was n't just that people were spouting beliefs for him ; they were cutting crosses in their heads . "  I think Manson will haunt us forever . "	Seven died in two-day Manson murder spree 40 years ago Killers inflicted 169 stab wounds , seven gunshot wounds Charles Manson did n't personally commit murders , got others to do it Manson , others serving life terms
CNN  -- Nestor Kirchner , the former Argentinian president who arguably remained the most potent political force in the country , died unexpectedly Wednesday of an apparent heart attack . Kirchner , 60 , was president from 2003-2007 and was the husband of current President Cristina Fernandez . He died shortly before 10 a.m. at a hospital near his summer residence in El Calafate , a small town in southern Argentina , according to the official Telam news agency . "  A patriot has died , " congressman Juan Carlos Dante Gullo said on the state-run Vision 7 TV network . "  Argentina has lost one of its best men . " His wife was with Kirchner when he died at the hospital , state media reported . Argentinian political leaders and Kirchner family members were on their way Wednesday afternoon to El Calafate to join Cristina Fernandez . TV images showed Kirchner 's sister , government minister Alicia Kirchner de Mercado , boarding a small jet airplane in Buenos Aires , the nation 's capital . Media reports said Kirchner 's body was released from the hospital and taken by ambulance to the family home . Kirchner 's presidency is remembered for his tough negotiations with the International Monetary Fund , which included temporarily defaulting on the country 's debts , as the country climbed out of a recession . Supporters say that Argentina 's economic growth since then proved that Kirchner 's strategy was the right one . As president , he also led Argentina away from being an automatic supporter of United States policies . Kirchner demonstrated Argentina 's independence by forming close ties with presidents with anti-American views , such as Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez and Bolivia 's Evo Morales . After his presidency , he became secretary general of UNASUR , an international body of Latin American countries aimed at balancing out U.S. influence . Condolences from world leaders started to come within minutes of the announcement . "  Oh , my dear Cristina , " Venezuelan President Chavez said on his Twitter account . "  How much pain ! What a great loss for Argentina and our America to suffer ! Long live Kirchner forever !! " Chavez , who said he will attend Kirchner 's funeral , decreed three days of mourning . Brazil also will observe three days of mourning . Several Latin American leaders , including the presidents of Bolivia and Ecuador , also said they would attend the funeral . In Colombia , President Juan Manuel Santos declared a minute of silence Wednesday . "  This is a great loss for Argentina and a great loss for our continent , " he said in a statement . The Organization of American States also observed a minute of silence during a Wednesday morning meeting in Washington . President Barack Obama expressed his condolences , noting that Kirchner "  played a significant role in the political life of Argentina . " Kirchner 's health had been delicate this year . He underwent angioplasty surgery in mid-September after doctors found a blockage near his heart . The surgery was the second this year for the politician , who was widely expected to run for president again in 2011 when his wife 's term ended . Kirchner had surgery on his right carotid artery in February . The two carotid arteries -- one on either side of the neck -- carry oxygenated blood to the brain . At the time , doctors said Kirchner 's artery was blocked , which could have led to a stroke . Patients who undergo such a procedure have a 30 percent greater chance of having heart problems within five years , physician Elmer Huerta told CNN en Español . Kirchner also had been hospitalized in January 2006 for gastric problems . Some analysts said Kirchner had remained the most influential political figure in the nation and the person who , at least until this year and his health issues , made important policy decisions for his wife 's government . In foreign policy , the Kirchners have been among the most vocal critics of Washington in Latin America . Their rule in Argentina has often been controversial . Over the past few years , they have dealt with billions in outstanding debt , ongoing conflicts with farmers and the press , and lingering questions over government statistics . After taking office in 2003 , Kirchner focused on consolidating his political strength and alleviating social problems , according to a recent U.S. State Department report on Argentina . He pushed for changes in the Supreme Court and military and undertook popular measures , such as raising government salaries , pensions and the minimum wage . He announced in July 2007 that he would not seek re-election and backed his wife to succeed him . Kirchner , as leader of the Union of South American Nations , played a key role in August to re-establish dialogue between Colombia and Venezuela . The two nations had cut off diplomatic relations over accusations that Venezuela was harboring Marxist guerrillas . Kirchner helped broker a meeting at which the sparring countries announced they were re-establishing ties . Kirchner and Cristina Fernandez were married in 1975 and had two children , Maximo and Florencia . Kirchner had been a relatively unknown politician when he won the presidency by default in 2003 . He previously had served since 1991 as governor of Santa Cruz , the same province where he died and will be buried . He garnered about 22 percent of the vote in the first round of the 2003 presidential contest but won the election when incumbent President Carlos Menem withdrew after receiving about 24 percent of the ballots cast . Kirchner continued to wield considerable power after his wife won the presidency . Some Argentinians showed their support for Cristina Fernandez on Wednesday by placing homemade signs on the fence surrounding the presidential palace , where the Argentinian flag was lowered to half-staff . "  Cristina , you are not alone , " one sign said . Said another , "  Now more than ever , all with Cristina . " And also this : "  Nestor , you are the one who made my dreams come true . Cristina we are with you . " CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	Nestor Kirchner , 60 , has died of a heart attack , the government says Kirchner was married to the current president of Argentina , Cristina Fernandez "  What a great loss , " says Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Kirchner had undergone angioplasty surgery last month
CNN  -- Two major wildfires have burned more than 18,000 acres along Florida 's eastern coast , state officials said Tuesday . "  At this time , we have been fortunate that the fires have not resulted in any human loss , " said Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services Commissioner Adam Putnam . "  All Floridians should use caution in and around these areas to safeguard themselves from smoke , ash and the flames themselves . " One fire , which began Monday in northern Brevard and southern Volusia counties , has destroyed a mobile home , several outbuildings and several camp structures , the Agriculture Department said in a news release . It had scorched more than 16,000 acres and was being driven by high winds . The Florida Division of Forestry deployed 22 tractor plow units , two helicopters and two air tankers to help fight the fire , which was about 25 % contained , the department said . More than 150 personnel are engaged in the effort to contain the fire , it said . Cliff Frazier , a wildfire mitigation specialist with the Florida Division of Forestry , said crews will work throught the night and traffic on some roads may be affected . Meanwhile , a second wildfire had burned close to 2,000 acres in St. Johns County , south of State Road 206 on Interstate 95 , below St. Augustine , the department said . It also was about 20 % contained . That blaze crossed I-95 and U.S. 1 , causing both roads to be closed at times because of smoke and poor visibility , the department said . The Florida Division of Forestry has 15 tractor plows and three brush trucks with 20 county fire department engines , six county water tenders and three bulldozers assisting with the fire , the Agriculture Department said . More than 137 people are working on snuffing that fire . Its cause was unknown Tuesday afternoon . As winds shift , the first fire could be blown to the south and into more heavily populated areas of Brevard County , said Fred Jodts , division chief for Brevard County Fire Rescue . Light rain fell Tuesday morning , helping to slow the fire and provide firefighters more time to organize their response , but it did n't eliminate the danger , Jodts said . "  It gives us a break . It 's not going to put the fire out , " he said . A voluntary evacuation in the city of Mims was lifted Tuesday evening and shelters were closed , according to the Brevard County Office of Emergency Management . The agency reported a Brevard firefighter suffered second-degree burns to the face . The cause of the fire is unknown , Frazier said , but he added that the combination of severe freezes this winter that killed surface vegetation and low rain totals made conditions ripe for a fire . Lee Francis got an upfront look at the fire when it came within a half-mile of the farm where she lives with her husband . They had gone to a police line to check on the situation when the fire jumped U.S. 1 and headed for their home , she said . They returned home to hose down the house , yard and vehicles amid the fire 's orange glow . "  We could see flames and the smoke was very thick , " she said . "  We could see when the firefighters would get it beat back , the glow would subside , then it would flare up again . " CNN 's Shawn Nottingham and John Couwels contributed to this report	NEW : Largest blaze is 25 % contained Brevard County firefighter suffers burns on face Emergency managers say the largest fire has grown to about 16,000 acres The second fire is burning south of St. Augustine
LONDON , England -- A new drug for melanoma has been shown to rapidly shrink malignant tumors in an early trial at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Hospital in New York . New drug inhibits BRAF , the main driver of mutation in over 50 percent of melanomas . Among 27 patients whom the experimental new drug was tested on , "  19 showed a 30 percent or greater reduction in tumor size , " Dr. Paul Chapman , the lead researcher told CNN from a cancer conference in Berlin . Melanoma develops in cells that produce melanin , the pigment that gives skin its color , and is the most serious type of skin cancer . Currently the standard treatment for metastatic malignant melanoma is chemotherapy , which has only a 15 percent success rate , Chapman explained . In his trial using PLX4032 over 70 percent of patients had a response to the drug . "  Without reservation we can say this is a breakthrough in melanoma . We have n't seen a major breakthrough in this disease in the last 40 years , " said Professor Alexander Eggermont , President of the European Cancer Organization . Seventy-five percent of the patients who were treated with PLX4032 had already received multiple treatments of other cancer drugs , all of which had failed . Two-thirds of those patients also already had what Eggermont described as "  very widespread metastatic disease . " "  There were patients who were on oxygen or on continuous morphine who were off the morphine after one or two weeks of treatment , " Eggermont told CNN . Two patients , he said , even showed complete remission , such that all detectable melanoma "  melted away . " The other two major benefits of PLX4032 are that it can be taken orally as a pill and seems to have very mild side effects . The PLX4032 complex works by blocking the activity of cancer-causing mutation of the BRAF gene , which is implicated in more than half of all melanomas . Eggermont praised the drug for being highly-selective unlike traditional "  dirty " cancer drugs that have a wide range of side-effects . "  The side effect profile looks very mild and we think it 's because it 's such a clean , super selective molecule and it 's an oral drug , and that 's a great asset , " he said . Peter Hirth , CEO of the drug 's maker Plexxikon explained that it is because PLX4032 is such a highly selective compound that "  doctors can adjust the dosage to really shut down tumors , " whereas other cancer treatment drugs are frequently limited from working to their full potential because patients can not tolerate their toxicity levels . PLX4032 is not a cure , but offers hope for alleviating symptoms and extending life . "  I 've never seen this before in melanoma , " Chapman said referring to the successful findings . "  One thing we do n't know is how long these response are going to last , " he added . The next step will now be to test the drug in a larger trial of almost 700 people , scheduled to begin this month and to be completed by the end of the year . Then a randomized test comparing chemotherapy treatment with PLX4032 therapy will need to occur before . Currently that is slated to take place across North American , Europe and Australia in the first quarter of 2010 . "  We are working to make sure that within the shortest time possible we will satisfy the needs of FDA to get this drug available to melanoma patients as quickly as possible , " Eggermont said . Early responses from peers have been supportive . In a statement Dr. Kat Arney said that "  Cancer Research UK and others have been investigating drugs that can block faulty BRAF , so it is interesting to see the results from a small-scale trial of such a drug . Melanoma is a very difficult cancer to treat and the results of this early-stage trial are promising , but larger trials need to be done before we know for sure how effective this treatment is . "	Experimental new skin cancer treatment shows 70 percent effectiveness PLX4032 inhibits BRAF , the driving mutation in more than half of melanomas Unlike chemotherapy the drug can be taken orally and has mild side effects Larger trials are needed to confirm results and test safety
CNN  -- Dina Lohan , mother of actress Lindsay Lohan , was arrested and charged with two counts of driving while intoxicated Thursday night , New York State Police said Friday . According to a press release from the police , the elder Lohan was stopped at approximately 11 p.m. Thursday when the white BMW she was driving westbound on the Northern State Parkway was observed traveling at 77 mph in a 55 mph zone . Police said Lohan , who lives in Merrick , New York , was arrested on charges of DWI and aggravated DWI after a breath test showed her blood alcohol concentration to be .20 , which is more than twice the legal limit . Following being taken into custody and transported to a local police station , Lohan claimed she had been injured during her arrest . She recanted her statement after being evaluated by emergency personnel , who found no injuries . Lohan , 50 , was issued traffic tickets for the two DWI offenses and speeding . She was later released to a sober third party . She is scheduled to appear in Nassau County 1st District Court on September 24 to answer to the charges .	Police said Dina Lohan was arrested Thursday night Police charged her with two counts of DWI and one of speeding She must appear in court on September 24
CNN  -- As South Carolina Republicans begin voting in the first primary of the south today , GOP insiders say that all the candidates have had their problems in Palmetto State , one reason why today 's outcome has been so hard to predict . One veteran South Carolina GOP operative summed up the dilemma of many of his colleagues in the state who are still on the fence . "  For the first time in my professional life I am not working for a candidate and undecided on whom I will vote for . My heart says one thing , my mind says another . " According to a CNN survey of 46 South Carolina GOP insiders -- including state legislators , state and local party officials , business and conservative interest group leaders , veterans of previous presidential primary campaigns , Palmetto State GOP political consultants , and other party activists -- former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney 's biggest hurdles in South Carolina are his Massachusetts political roots and his more centrist views . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich calls Romney a "  Massachusetts moderate . " What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Romney in South Carolina ? His record in Massachusetts -- 85 % His Mormon faith -- 13 % His role at Bain Capital -- 2 % Now that Romney wants the GOP presidential nomination again , he has moved to the right from some of his positions and the tone of his previous campaigns in the state . And that has fed the perception that Romney is willing to change his stands for political expediency . Ironically , Romney 's continued defense of the Massachusetts health care reform law he helped enact as governor remains a stumbling block with some conservatives who would rather he repent on that issue . "  The two big issues that stick out to me regarding his record are his flip-flopping on abortion which many voters in South Carolina do n't understand , and of course his signing of ` Romney-care , ' " said one South Carolina insider . "  As a result , many do n't trust him and wonder if he will simply say anything in order to win the election . " And while Gingrich maintains that he 's the logical alternative for conservatives , the former House Speaker 's problem has been that , up until Thursday , there were two other options for South Carolina voters who were uneasy with Romney -- former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and Texas Gov Rick Perry , who has since suspended his campaign . However , the insiders do n't think Gingrich 's personal issues have played as much of a factor , although they were surveyed before reports surfaced on January 19 that Gingrich 's second wife said he asked her for an "  open marriage . " What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Gingrich in South Carolina ? Conservative vote is too divided among candidates -- 52 % Attacks against Romney 's role at Bain Capital backfired -- 33 % The negative ads run against him -- 13 % Personal baggage  volunteered  -- 2 % "  Newt 's populism resonates with red-meat voters in South Carolina , but the Romney-alternative field  has been  too crowded for him to lock down a solid win here , " said one GOP insider . The other main contender for the fervent conservative vote in South Carolina has been Santorum and he shares Gingrich 's problem of being one of too many choice on the right . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Santorum in South Carolina ? His past record as senator on earmarks and right-to-work -- 41 % Conservative vote is too divided among candidates -- 56 % Doubts about him among Southern voters -- 2 % "  The biggest obstacle for all the ` not-Romney ' candidates has been in a word , ` ego , ' " said one GOP Insider . "  All of their egos were too big to drop out  early  and work to truly consolidate conservative voters . " But another operative noted that in a state where the Republican governor had battled with the Obama administration over whether Boeing could move airplane production from assembly lines that were unionized in Washington State to a nonunion facility in South Carolina , Santorum 's defense of his opposition to right-to-work laws while he was a senator has been "  awkward , at best . " Texas Rep. Ron Paul 's liability in South Carolina has been the same as in Iowa and New Hampshireâ $ " his isolationist views on foreign policy and his eagerness to cut military spending . What do you think has been the biggest obstacle for Paul in South Carolina ? His stance on national security -- 78 % He did n't spend enough time in the state -- 20 % Perception that he ca n't win in the general election -- 2 % "  Because of this and other stands , no one takes him seriously outside of his hard-core supporters , " said one GOP Insider . The CNN South Carolina GOP insiders were surveyed on these questions from the evening of Jan. 16 thru Jan. 18 . The survey was conducted over the internet . The South Carolina insiders were given anonymity for their individual answers in order to encourage candid responses . And while some insiders were aligned with one or another of the presidential campaigns , two-thirds said they had neither endorsed nor were they working for any candidate in the race . Here are the names of the participants in the survey : Eric Bedingfield , Peter Brown , Kevin Bryant , Luke Byars , Drea Byars , Chris Carino , Phillip Cease , Alan Clemmons , Chad Connelley , Wesley Donehue , Shannon Erickson , Justin Evans , Scott Farmer , Chip Felkel , Becky Fleming , Douglas Ford , Greg Foster , Mark Harmon , Wes Hayes , Allen Klump , Scott Malyerck , Janice McCord , Joe McKeown , Drew McKissick , Ed McMullen , Matt Moore , Matthew Nichols , Mark Nix , Ralph Norman , Randy Page , Sunny Philips , Mike Pitts , Tommy Pope , Richard Quinn , Jay W. Ragley , George Ramsey , Scott Richardson , Oran P. Smith , Bob Taylor , Adam Temple , Taylor Tompkins , Trey Walker , Chad Walldorf , Ellen Weaver , Joe Wilson , Robert Yerger .	GOP insiders in South Carolina say that each candidate has worrisome issues Romney has been seen as too centrist , says poll The anti-Romney vote is split between Gingrich and Santorum Ron Paul 's national security positions keep him out of mainstream , says poll
Oxford , UK  CNN  -- If you ever try your hand at farming spiders , you 'll very soon discover it 's no easy task . Penning in a bunch of golden orb weavers -- the queens of the web-spinning world -- will earn you only a few milligrams of ultra-tough spider 's silk . That 's if they do n't eat each other first , explains Dr. Nick Skaer . And they will . Bug catcher As a boy , Dr Skaer loved hunting for creepy crawlies -- but was never a fan of spiders . Today , Skaer 's day-job involves persuading people to implant the creatures ' silky secretions under their skin -- with the promise that the fiber will weave together damaged tissue . It 's a "  quantum leap , " admits Dr Skaer , but his creation could one day relieve agony for millions . Watch the video above to see how the Dr Skaer created the FibroFix implant . Thread of life Skaer , now the CEO of biomaterials producers Orthox explains that silk produced by spiders is not just naturally tough -- 25 times the strength of steel -- it is also "  biocompatible . " The close similarity between molecules in the spider silk and proteins in the human body means human cells can grow into the fiber . When implanted in the human body , a device made from spiders silk would encourage the surrounding cells to "  repopulate the device with actual human living tissue , " Skaer says . "  If you 've got a very strong , resilient material which also has a lot of similarities to tissues in the human body , it 's a great place to start for trying to make a medical implant . " Watch : ` The night I invented 3D printing ' Saved by the silkworm Instead of fighting the spider 's cannibal instinct , and meager rate of production , Skaer 's team set about creating fake spider 's silk -- made from the same fibers that go into high class scarves . The team took silkworms , which produce 1000 times as much silk as a spider , and broke it down to the basic molecules . Re-spinning this so that all the proteins are closely aligned -- just how a spider does -- creates a far stronger fiber than the silkworm can . Or -- when Skaer presents their finished product -- a rubber-looking crescent-shaped implant . Friends in knees The FibroFix implant is soon destined for knee joints , where Skaer believes it can help people with damaged cartilage to regrow the shock-absorbing tissue . Without this implant , millions of people have no option but to resort to total knee replacement surgery . As of 2010 , over 600,000 total knee replacements are performed annually in the United States alone , and estimates suggest that this figure will increase 6-fold by 2030 . This marks a $ 13 billion-per-year cost for Americans , which is set to rise as the ageing Baby Boomer generation battle age-related conditions such as osteoarthritis , but demand to stay active . The first round of trialists are set to start receiving FibroFix implants this year , and Skaer hopes they will pave the way for others to avoid knee replacement : "  If the clinical trials go well , we hope to have this available for patients within the next two to three years . " Beyond the knee Skaer sees future applications in other joints -- "  the hip , the shoulder , ankle , all of these suffer osteoarthritis " -- as well as in the cartilage discs between the bones in the spine . It does n't stop there , either : "  If you 've got a technology that integrates very well with the body -- which allows cells to grow down into it -- then bones and joints certainly are n't the only tissues in the body that you could look to address . " In the long term , Skaer imagines silk platforms being used to patch up intestines , hernias , and muscles -- including in the heart . There 's even the suggestion that -- one day -- it could fix a severed spine : "  Is there the potential for nerve repair ? Well , the chaps -LSB- research scientists -RSB- at Oxford University have certainly started looking at nerve repair as an interesting further application of this technology . And they 've got some promising early results certainly . " "  That obviously is far , far earlier than the stage that we 're at ... " Watch : The technology bringing Sinatra , Tupac back to life Spider thread revisited For now , relieving the agony of knee pain is motivation enough . And all this has given him a new perspective on the crawling spider : "  Spiders I suppose are very different from when I was turning over rocks and looking underneath them and when I was a kid . "  I do n't so much see the eight legs crawling around and the sharp pair of fangs -- I see something that can spin me a remarkable material , and that 's very exciting , as a scientist . "	Is this knee implant really made from spider 's silk ? Dr Nick Skaer has created FibroFix implant that allows cells to "  grow into " it It could help thousands of people to avoid knee replacement surgery Eventually , the material could help repairall varieties of human tissue -- including nerves
New York  CNN  -- She might have gone unnoticed through the many years of triumphs and tragedies of the Kennedy family . Now the spotlight will be cast , sadly , on Mary Richardson Kennedy . The estranged wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. was found dead Wednesday in Bedford , New York , the small town north of New York City where she lived . She died of asphyxiation due to hanging , the Westchester County medical examiner said . The Kennedy clan will gather once again for a funeral . This time , it 's Mary 's . Mary Kennedy 's family blasts stories on her death A wake was planned for Friday evening , Kennedy family publicist Ken Sunshine said . It will take place in the Bedford mansion that Kennedy , an architect , and her husband lovingly restored into an eco-friendly home after flooding left it infested with black mold . Her funeral is planned for Saturday morning at St. Patrick 's Roman Catholic Church in Bedford , Sunshine said . A private memorial service has also been planned in Manhattan , Kennedy 's family said in a statement . She will be buried in Hyannisport , Massachusetts , where the Kennedy family has a compound . Mary Kennedy married Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in 1994 . The prominent environmental lawyer is the third of 11 children born to Ethel and Sen. Robert F. Kennedy , who was gunned down in 1968 . Mary Kennedy : ` Green ' designer , wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. . The assassination was one of a string of tragedies to befall the Kennedy family , America 's royal family in the absence of monarchy . President John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963 , five years before his younger brother . More than three decades later , in 1999 , John F. Kennedy Jr. ; his wife , Carolyn Bessette Kennedy ; and his sister-in-law , Lauren Bessette , died when a plane he was piloting crashed in the waters off Martha 's Vineyard , Massachusetts . David Kennedy died of a drug overdose in 1984 , and Michael Kennedy was killed in a skiing accident in 1997 . Both were sons of Robert F. Kennedy Sr. . "  We know from a history of this family , it 's very hard being a Kennedy , either being a blood Kennedy or being married to one , " Kennedy biographer Laurence Leamer said . "  The overwhelming celebrity , the attention , the obligations , the expectations that you 're supposed to do something with your life . It 's very , very hard . " And now comes the shock of Mary Kennedy 's death at age 52 , though her troubles were well-known . The details of the couple 's private life surfaced after Robert F. Kennedy Jr. filed for divorce in 2010 . After that , Mary Kennedy was charged once with driving while intoxicated and once with driving while impaired by prescription drugs , according to Bedford police . "  A lot of times , I do n't know how she made it through the day , " Robert Kennedy told The New York Times . "  She was in a lot of agony for a lot of her life . " Her family criticized media accounts of her death for what they called "  inaccuracies and misrepresentations " of her life . "  While we would naturally prefer to remain private at this very upsetting time , we feel compelled to make this statement because the description of Mary carried by certain news organizations since her passing yesterday is wholly inconsistent with the sister we knew and the life she , in fact , lived , " her family said in a written statement . "  We loved Mary and knew her to be an exceptional mother , sibling and friend to many , " they said . "  Countless people have described her as an extraordinary mother , selfless in her desire to help others , and one of the finest people in the world . We know her as all those things , and more . " Mary Kennedy stood by her husband 's side , bearing Kennedy grief through the years . Now , it is her turn to be grieved . "  You know , you sometimes hear things like ` I 've lost my right arm ' ? " Kerry Kennedy , sister of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. , told The New York Times about the friend she met in boarding school and roomed with at Brown University . "  I feel like I 've lost half my body , half my soul . " CNN 's Dominique Dodley contributed to this report .	Mary Kennedy married Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in 1994 The couple was estranged but still married She was found dead from asphyxiation by hanging A wake was planned for Friday evening , a Kennedy family publicist said
CNN  -- At least 40 people died when a crowded river boat sank in central Vietnam Sunday -- on the eve of the Lunar New Year . People stand around bodies of victims from the river boat accident . The boat sank in the Gianh River as it was leaving a pier in the Quang Binh province , the state-run Vietnam News Agency said . Among the 40 victims were many women and children , the agency said . Witnesses told the daily newspaper Thanh Nien that passengers on the boat were headed to a market on the other side of the river to shop on the last day of the Year of the Rat . Thirty-five passengers were rescued or managed to swim to safety , the newspaper said . The new lunar year , Year of the Ox , began Monday .	Crowded river boat sink in central Vietnam on the eve of the Lunar New Year Among the 40 victims were many women and children Thirty-five passengers were rescued or managed to swim to safety
Tehran  CNN  -- Faezeh Hashemi , daughter of former Iranian president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , has arrived at Iran 's notorious Evin prison to begin serving a six month sentence for making anti-government statements , semi-official Fars news agency reported . Hashemi , who was picked up by authorities late Saturday , was arrested last year for taking part in anti-government protests . She was sentenced in January , just before Iran held parliamentary elections . She will be carrying out her sentence in Evin 's security unit , a relatively comfortable section of the prison . Her father is a powerful cleric and former parliament speaker . In the past , Rafsanjani has been one of the government 's most vocal critics . He served two terms as president from 1989 to 1997 , and is still widely believed to be one of the wealthiest and most politically powerful men in Iran . He had long been a staunch critic and bitter political rival of Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Weeks after the 2009 elections , Rafsanjani condemned the regime 's violent crackdown against the opposition movement and spoke out for the people 's right to peacefully protest in a speech delivered at Tehran 's Friday prayers . He later toned down the attacks and made statements of apparent support of the regime and the supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . In March 2011 , Rafsanjani was replaced as head of Iran 's Assembly of Experts , a powerful committee charged with electing and removing the leader of the Islamic Revolution and supervising his activities .	Faezeh Hashemi Rafsanjani was arrested last year for taking part in anti-government protests She is serving a six-month sentence Her father is Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , former Iranian president
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Ron Barber , one of the last remaining lawmakers whose reelection fate has yet to be decided , has filed suit in federal court asking for 133 disqualified ballots to be counted as his contest with Republican Martha McSally heads to a recount . "  We are talking about 133 Southern Arizona voters who lived up to their responsibility â $ " they registered to vote and then showed up to vote , " Barber attorney Kevin Hamilton said in a statement out Monday . "  We are asking the court to ensure that every lawful vote is counted . That 's what America is all about . " Barber is trailing McSally , a retired Air Force colonel , by just 161 votes , a margin slim enough to trigger a recount when the votes are certified by the secretary of State , which is expected Dec. 1 . But his campaign has been working feverishly over the past few weeks to find and gather evidence of ballots they say were illegitimately thrown out . They submitted with the lawsuit sworn affidavits from the voters in question outlining the issues they faced trying to cast their ballots . The reasons their votes were discarded range from signatures not lining up with their registrations to election officials failing to direct voters to their proper polling places . Barber 's campaign tried unsuccessfully last week to delay the canvass of votes in the two counties that make up the district , Pima and Cochise , hoping to buy time to continue to root out other votes that may have been wrongfully discarded . But with the campaign 's requests denied , Barber 's options for ensuring those 133 ballots are included in the final count have narrowed . His lawsuit is seeking a restraining order to prevent the secretary of State from certifying the election results until the ballots in question have been counted . Barber holds the seat once held by his former boss Democrat Gabrielle Giffords . McSally , meanwhile , is continuing with business as though representative-elect . She spent last week in Washington D.C. at freshman orientation with other newly elected lawmakers from across the nation .	Rep. Ron Barber 's reelection bid is one of the few uncalled remaining House races He 's down by 161 votes to GOP opponent Martha McSally That margin will trigger a recount when the vote is certified next month
London  CNN  -- A Roman sculpture of an eagle with a writhing serpent firmly gripped in its hooked beak was unveiled Wednesday in London , where archaeologists found it on a site earmarked for a hotel development . Archaeologists in London say the statue is one of the very best examples surviving from Roman Britain . "  The skill of the craftsman is apparent ; with the forked tongue of the snake and the individual feathers of the eagle still clearly discernible , " a news release from Museum of London Archaeology said . The archaeologists were "  at first hesitant to announce the discovery and to proclaim its Roman origins , owing to its almost unbelievable preservation , " it said . But the limestone statue , which stands nearly 26 inches tall , has now been dated by experts to the first or second century . It was dug up at a site in the City of London , the UK capital 's financial center , which is known once to have been home to a Roman cemetery . According to the museum , the symbolism of the statue can be understood "  as the struggle of good , the eagle , against evil , the snake , " a common theme in relation to funeral sites . Archaeologists believe the sculpture may once have sat in an alcove on a fancy mausoleum whose foundations were also uncovered in the dig . The statue will be on display at the Museum of London for the next six months . A number of discoveries highlighting London 's Roman past have been made in recent months in connection with major construction projects . They include about 20 Roman-era skulls found beneath London 's Liverpool Street station by workers digging a new rail tunnel . Read more : London dig turns up slice of Roman life Read more : Rail excavation unearths suspected ` plague pit '	Archaeologists says the statue is in an "  almost unbelievable " state of preservation The sculpture of an eagle grasping a snake was found in a dig in the City of London The limestone statue may once have graced a mausoleum , archaeologists say It 's been dated by experts to the first or second century
CNN  -- Just one in seven engineers are female , only 27 % of all computer science jobs are held by women , and "  women have seen no employment growth in STEM jobs since 2000 " reports Forbes . Women who work in the fields of science , technology , engineering and math , and those who campaign for higher numbers of women in these fields , think they have some solutions to this growing problem . 1 . "  The toys and games that young girls play with mold their educational and career interests ; they create dreams of future careers . " says Andrea Guendelman , co-founder of Developher . "  Extensive research shows that certain toys and games can help young children develop the spatial logic and other analytical skills critical to science , technology , engineering and math . "  A huge part of the reason women are not entering these fields and huge part of the solution starts at the very beginning . " 2 . "  Introduce girls early to role models of other women In STEM " suggests Regina Agyare , founder of Soronko Solutions . " -LSB- These women -RSB- will mentor them and introduce them to STEM through games and practical learning experiences . " 3 . "  It 's important to engage girls in STEM at an early age and keep them interested . " adds Patty L. Fagin , PhD , Head of School at Stuart Country Day School of the Sacred Heart . "  Girls start out as strong in math and science as boys , but lose interest along the way ; we call this the "  leaky pipeline . " Grow the pipeline , keep girls engaged , and we 'll increase the number of women in STEM . "  Create opportunities for success and safe environments in which to fail . They 'll learn to persevere and develop a growth mindset , so critical to success in STEM fields ... instead of "  this is hard , I ca n't do it , " they will believe , "  I can try another way . " "  Girls want to make a difference , so give them hands-on , real-world problem-solving activities to show STEM is relevant and fun . "  Expose girls to the different areas of STEM and provide women mentors for girls and young women , so they , in turn , will mentor other girls . " 4 . "  There 's no magic recipe for getting girls into STEM , but we know early and positive exposure makes an impact . " Karen Horting , CEO and Executive Director at the Society of Women Engineers told CNN . "  Our Invent it . Built it . program Oct. 25 in Los Angeles will expose girls in the sixth to eighth grade to the creative , collaborate nature of a rewarding career in engineering . "  Registration continues through Oct. 11 and additionally provides educators and parents with the tools they need to nurture the future engineers in their lives . " 5 . "  Start them young . " is Michelle Sun , Founder and CEO of First Code Academy 's advice . "  STEM fields are often thought of as a career path for the boys , globally and no less common in Asia . "  We observe brothers in a family are more likely to be enrolled to our kids coding classes . However , the amazing thing we found , with students from 8 - 11 years old , is that our female students come to our programs with minimal preconception of what programming is about . "  They approached it with much enthusiasm and confidence , just as any other hobbies or subjects . "  By starting them young , we provide them a chance to experience the STEM field first hand . " 6 . "  I believe one on one mentoring programs with accomplished female STEM professionals will help bring girls in to the STEM field . " says Adeola Shasanya who recently co-founded Afro-Tech Girls and works at the Lagos State Electricity Board as an Electrical Engineering and Renewables Consultant . "  Fun technical workshops could also help spark a STEM interest for girls . "  I believe work shadowing a female stemist in a typical work environment could enlighten the girls on what work would be like as a STEMist . " 7 . Haiyan Zhang , Innovation Director at Lift London , Microsoft Studios believes confidence is key ; "  Insatiable curiosity and the self confidence to make change in the world -- two qualities that are key to instil in the female innovators of the future . "  Science , technology , engineering and mathematics become the tools with which to explore curiosity and to create change . " 8 . "  Women are the future of technology and today 's technology is fun and cool . " says Weili Dai , President and Co-founder of Marvell Technology Group "  It 's not just about developing "  nerdy " stuff it 's about turning technology into fashionable and user-friendly smart solutions . "  A woman 's natural talent is design , and the look and feel , and making these things fit into our lifestyles . " "  I believe by embracing STEM and leveraging inherent strength of women -- the sense of responsibility , passion , compassion , and pride we dedicate to family and community -- and applying it to business can make women the X factor in the new era of global growth and prosperity for the "  Smart Life and Smart Lifestyle . " " 9 . "  Time and again , I hear from women who chose their STEM career because they were inspired by a successful woman who proved it could be done . " adds Suw Charman-Anderson , Founder of Ada Lovelace Day . "  Role models are incredibly important , both to girls and to women , and we need to show girls just how exciting , fulfilling and enjoyable a career in STEM can be . " "  We must prove that there is a path for them to tread by telling the stories , past and present , of the women who 've built , invented , discovered and explained the world around us , but who so often go unmentioned . " 10 . "  To get more girls in STEM let 's go for collective action ... " says Julie Kantor , Chief Partnership Officer at Million Women Mentors . "  Of 368,000 high school girls who want to pursue STEM only 4 % said they had a mentor encouraging them . Commit to mentoring a girl or young woman in STEM skills . Or offer an internship with a designated mentor at your company . "  Ladies and gentlemen , let 's get a million STEM mentors by 2018 . " Read : 12 inspirational quotes from women scientists Relive : Twitter chat as it happened : ` How can we get girls into STEM ? ' Quiz :10 female scientists you should know	The shortage of women in STEM industries is a growing problem As part of Leading Women 's month of STEM coverage we asked experts for a solution Women in STEM gave us a range of solutions from toys to mentoring
CNN  -- Brazilian star Kaka is leading the campaign for David Beckham to stay at Italian giants AC Milan beyond his agreed loan spell . Former England captain David Beckham has made an immediate impact with his contribution at AC Milan . The England midfielder is due to return to the Los Angeles Galaxy in March but playmaker Kaka said Beckham had already shown his star qualities . The 33-year-old played 89 minutes of the 2-2 draw with Roma on Sunday following a friendly outing against Hamburg . "  David has shown that he is a player ready to run the extra mile , " Kaka told a news conference in Zurich ahead of FIFA 's world player of the year gala . "  The first matches showed quite clearly what his qualities are and his passing ability and his capacity to play well . "  Perhaps these first two months will lead to six months or to one year , to more contracts . I certainly would like to play more with him . " Beckham 's advisers have stressed that there are no plans for him to stay at AC Milan beyond March 9 . However , former Galaxy general manager Alexi Lalas last week expressed fears that Beckham could be tempted to bring an early end to his time in the U.S. AC Milan coach Carlo Ancelotti revealed Beckham 's attitude and intelligence had won him a place in the starting side in Rome where he had been expected to start on the bench . "  He did well , " said Ancelotti . "  I chose Beckham to start because he proved in recent days to be a very intelligent player and serious . "  The appearance against Roma is a small reward for him because he worked very hard and has adapted well to the team . "  This was only his second game with us and he will improve . I believe everyone is happy to have Beckham here . " Dutch midfielder Clarence Seedorf said : "  We have to compliment him . He has done a good job and he grew in the game . He still needs to improve but I think he can be very satisfied with what he has done after two months of not playing . " Roma stand-in captain Daniele De Rossi suggested Milan had made a shrewd move in capturing the 33-year-old . "  From a media standpoint Beckham is impressive , " De Rossi said . "  He is a nice guy , has a beautiful wife , has won so many trophies in his career and perhaps this penalises him as a player although I believe he has the feet and the determination . " Beckham , meanwhile , forecast that Sunday 's double goalscorer Alexandre Pato of Brazil is destined for greatness . "  I have seen him in training and on the pitch . He is only 19 years of age and I think he can become one of the greatest players in the world , " said Beckham . Milan are nine points behind Serie A leaders Inter going into Saturday 's home game against Fiorentina with Beckham seemingly set to retain his starting slot .	Brazilian star Kaka wants David Beckham to extend his loan at AC Milan England midfielder Beckham due to return to Los Angeles Galaxy in March Beckham 's advisers say no plans for him to stay beyond agreed deadline
CNN  -- Forget the English Premier League title -- Manuel Pellegrini wants to build a dynasty at Manchester City . The 60-year-old , fresh from leading City back to the top of English football at the first attempt , is already planning for next season -- and , by the sound of it , many years to come . Pellegrini , who signed a three-year deal last June after replacing Roberto Mancini , also won the League Cup and reached the last-16 of the European Champions League . And now , with his players enjoying an end-of-season break in Abu Dhabi , home of owner Sheikh Mansour Bin Zayed Al Nahyan , Pellegrini is plotting further success . It comes at a time when city rival Manchester United is in disarray , struggling to fill the vacuum left by Alex Ferguson , who led the Old Trafford club to unparalleled success over two decades . "  It depends on the owners of the club , " Pellegrini told CNN when asked about his plans to take City forward . "  My way of thinking is that if you want to develop a club , the best way is to keep the manager for so many years if you can . "  Of course , at important clubs , the results are always very important , but with patience I think you can do better . "  A big club must always have ambition . We will start thinking about how we can improve , we will analyze a lot of things and will try and be a very competitive team next year in the Premier League , FA Cup and Champions League . " Under Pellegrini , City has become a far more attractive side to watch and the team 's goalscoring record has been remarkable . In the Premier League alone , City plundered 102 goals in 38 games , while also triumphing at Wembley by defeating Sunderland 3-1 in the League Cup final . Yaya Toure scored 20 league goals from midfield , while Sergio Aguero -- who missed a large part of the season through injury -- hit 17 , and fellow striker Edin Dzeko came up trumps with 16 . The shift in style from a more cautious approach adopted under Mancini has been well received by the City fans , and Pellegrini feels vindicated after the early doubts surrounding his appointment . "  It 's a style of football that I 've played wherever I 've worked in South America and different countries such as Chile , Argentina and Ecuador , " said Pellegrini , who then went on to manage Spanish clubs Villarreal , Real Madrid and Malaga . "  I also tried to play attractive football in Spain and be an offensive team . So doing it in a new league and the most difficult league in the world , it 's not just about winning the title it 's about winning with a style of football . "  I do n't want to compare one with the other . Roberto won a title before me and had another idea of the best way to play . I think he was very important for the club also . " One area in which City is yet to taste success is the Champions League -- which its owners are desperate to win . In May 2013 , chief executive Ferran Soriano stated that he wanted the club to win "  five trophies in the next five years . " "  I think we were very unlucky in the Champions League , " added Pellegrini , whose team lost to Barcelona in the second round . "  But I 'm sure that we 've made a step forward this year and I hope next year will be better , including the Champions League . " In recent weeks City has reportedly been in discussions with UEFA as to the severity of sanction it will face under the European governing body 's Financial Fair Play regulations . That wait appears to have been increased following Thursday 's death of former Belgian Prime Minister , Jean-Luc Dehaene . The 73-year-old was presiding over the investigatory chamber of the Club Financial Control Body , and was expected to sign off any agreement with the Premier League club .	Manuel Pellegrini is preparing long-term vision for English champion Chilean won Premier League title and League Cup in debut season City reached last 16 of the European Champions League Former Real Madrid coach is already planning for next season
CNN  -- Federal prosecutors said Friday that they will seek the death penalty for a 22-year-old man accused in the shooting death last year of Eve Carson , student body president at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . Police said UNC student body President Eve Carson was taken from her home and killed . A grand jury indicted Demario James Atwater on October 27 on federal charges of carjacking resulting in death , carrying and using firearms in relation to carjacking , being a felon in possession of a firearm , and possessing a short-barreled shotgun not properly registered to him . He also faces state first-degree murder charges in Orange County , North Carolina , along with 18-year-old Lawrence Alvin Lovette . "  Both federal and state law violations are implicated in the tragic events of March 5 , 2008 , and we will vigorously prosecute the violations of federal law committed in connection with the death of Eve Marie Carson , " said Anna Mills Wagoner , U.S. attorney for the Middle District of North Carolina , at the time of Atwater 's indictment . An autopsy report showed that Carson , an honors student , had multiple gunshot wounds when she was found lying on a Chapel Hill street . The autopsy report listed six gunshot wounds but said two of the wounds were probably from the same bullet . Court documents released in the North Carolina case said Carson was taken from her apartment and forced to provide her abductors with ATM access to her bank account before she was shot to death in the early hours of March 5 . Applications filed for search warrants said a confidential informant told police that Atwater said he and Lovette entered Carson 's home through an open door and forced her to accompany them in her car . The informant said she had talked with Atwater after a picture was shown on television of someone attempting to use Carson 's ATM card at a convenience store two days after her body was found . The informant said the two men drove Carson to an ATM , obtained her PIN from her and then shot her . The witness told police that Atwater said the two got about $ 1,400 from Carson 's account . Bank records show that was approximately the amount taken from the account over a two-day period , the documents said . Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall has said he also will seek the death penalty against Atwater , according to the Raleigh News and Observer . Authorities can not seek the death penalty against Lovette because he was 17 at the time of the slaying , the newspaper said . Carson 's death shocked the community and drew national attention . An estimated 10,000 people turned out for a service in her honor . The Athens , Georgia , native was a pre-medicine student double-majoring in political science and biology . She was a recipient of the university 's prestigious Morehead Scholarship and a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society , according to UNC .	Feds will seek death penalty for 22-year-old Demario James Atwater Feds can not seek death for Lawrence Alvin Lovette because of his age Atwater and Lovette are accused of abducting Carson , shooting her Carson was honor student , student body president at UNC-Chapel Hill
CNN  A video purportedly shows three British schoolgirls preparing to cross the Turkish border last month into Syria , where the teens are believed to have traveled to join ISIS , a Turkish TV network reported Friday . If authentic , the video would represent the first publicly released images showing the girls at the Turkey-Syria border . The video , released by Turkish TV network A Haber and distributed by Reuters , shows three warmly dressed females who resemble the missing teens standing with luggage outside a car and talking to at least one man who is helping them with the bags . The footage purportedly was recorded February 19 in the southeastern Turkish city of Gaziantep , just north of Aleppo , Syria , A Haber reported . Two days before , East London classmates Shamima Begum , 15 , Kadiza Sultana , 16 , and Amira Abase , 15 , boarded a Turkish Airlines plane from London 's Gatwick Airport to Istanbul without their families ' knowledge , according to British police . "  Put your bags . ... Hurry , do n't stop here , " a man says in the video . The girls in the video wear coats , two with fur-lined hoods covering their heads . A third wears a hijab . One appears to be looking at a cell phone . "  He just hung up , " one of them says . A man takes a bag from the trunk of a yellow vehicle . The vehicle 's license plate has a number that indicates it is registered in the Gaziantep area . It was n't immediately clear how A Haber obtained the video . CNN could n't immediately verify the footage 's authenticity . The video 's release came a day after Turkey 's foreign minister said his country arrested a "  spy " who allegedly helped the British girls get into Syria . The alleged agent was working for a country that is part of an international anti-ISIS coalition , Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Thursday . Separately , a Turkish official speaking on condition of anonymity said that the suspect is not Turkish , and is not a citizen of the country for which he was working . This month , a Turkish broadcaster released images that it said showed the British girls boarding a bus in Istanbul after they arrived from London . They are thought to have crossed the Turkish border into Syria within days . A trip to Gaziantep would have been long : The border town is more than 525 miles to the southeast of Istanbul . Authorities have said they have no reason to believe the girls are still in Turkey and believe they have crossed into Syria , parts of which have been taken over by Islamist terror group ISIS . The girls ' parents have publicly begged for them to come home . Days before they left for Turkey , at least one of the girls allegedly contacted a young woman , Aqsa Mahmood , who left her home in Scotland to travel to Syria in 2013 and is accused of trying to recruit others via social media . She has posted tips for girls and young women wanting to travel to Syria to marry jihadis , as she did . Her blog also has links to advice posted by another jihad supporter , which recommends that those traveling to Syria seek to pack the essentials but not too much , since they may need to move often and at short notice , while remaining inconspicuous .	In video , someone helps three females with luggage in Gaziantep , Turkey , network reports Turkish network : Video was shot February 19 , two days after trio boarded plane to Istanbul
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The mother of a 17-year-old girl who disappeared while on spring break in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , has identified her daughter on grainy hotel surveillance video . Brittanee Marie Drexel 's mother on Friday confirmed it was her daughter seen in a hotel surveillance video . "  When I saw her profile it was confirmed , " Dawn Drexel said Friday on "  Nancy Grace . " Drexel 's daughter , Brittanee , was last seen on Saturday , several days after she traveled to Myrtle Beach against her mother 's wishes . In the video , a girl wearing shorts and flip-flops walks in and later out of the doors of a hotel on Saturday evening . Brittanee Drexel supposedly was on her way to meet friends at another hotel nearby . Watch her mom talk about spotting her " Meanwhile , Myrtle Beach Police reportedly have shifted some search efforts about 40 miles to Georgetown County , based on tips . But there is still no sign of the high school junior from Rochester , New York . Dawn Drexel said she had forbidden her daughter to go to Myrtle Beach , a popular destination for high school and college spring break . But Brittanee and her friends apparently drove the 850 miles to the coastal city anyway . Drexel said her daughter had about $ 100 with her . Although they stayed in touch by phone and spoke on Saturday , Drexel said she believed the girl was calling from Rochester when she was actually in Myrtle Beach . Drexel has now gone to the city where her daughter was last seen , helping in the search for Brittanee . "  We 're going to all of the businesses and restaurants on Ocean Boulevard , " Drexel said , but she admitted that she is concerned something may have happened to her daughter . "  I just have a gut feeling that because the stories do n't match , things are n't making sense to me , " Drexel said , referring to reported contradictions in the information Brittanee 's friends have given police . Authorities have not named any suspects or persons of interest in the case .	Mom confirms that her daughter is the girl seen in a hotel surveillance video Brittanee Drexel , 17 , was last seen Saturday in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina Dawn Drexel tells CNN she forbade daughter to go to resort city during spring break Mom has arrived in Myrtle Beach to assist police in search for her daughter .
CNN  Suspected Boko Haram militants this week attacked civilians inside Cameroon for the first time in a month , killing at least 16 villagers , a military spokesman told CNN Saturday . Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces , said Maj. Nlate Eballe , an operations officer with a special military unit set up to fight Boko Haram . The attackers came Thursday "  in the hundreds ... torched Dia village in the Far North Region , " he said . Dia is a village that borders Lake Chad and has been identified as a recruiting ground for Boko Haram . Regional Gov. Mijiyawa Bakary said the insurgents have been attacking border villages in Cameroon in search of supplies . Cameroonian troops retook cattle that was stolen by the attackers in Dia , Eballe said . The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10 , when the assailants struck the locality of Kerawa-Mafa in a failed attempt to overrun a military base . Boko Haram , whose name translates as "  Western education is sin , " has been waging a years-long campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law in Nigeria . Boko Haram 's tactics have intensified in recent years , from battling Nigerian government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages , mass kidnappings , assassinations , market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques . Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria , but neighboring countries -- Cameroon included -- have also been hit increasingly hard . Journalist Ngala Killian Chimtom in Yaounde , Cameroon , contributed to this report .	Six Boko Haram militants were killed , military spokesman says Hundreds were involved in the raid on a village in far north Boko Haram is based in Nigeria but has attacked across the border of several neighbors
CNN  -- The chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Court said Thursday that the U.N. Security Council is not doing enough to root out Sudanese war criminals suspected of genocide . Fatou Bensouda said her team of investigators had uncovered an "  ongoing pattern of crimes committed pursuant to the government-avowed goal of stopping the rebellion in Darfur , " noting specific attacks on peacekeepers and civilians in the region . She then blasted the council , asking "  how many more civilians must be killed , injured and displaced for this council to be spurred into doing its part ? " The International Criminal Court has been seeking the arrest of Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir on charges of genocide during a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur , a province in western Sudan that is about the size of Spain . Some 300,000 people have died in Darfur , the United Nations estimates , and 2.5 million have been forced from their homes . A June 2011 Human Rights Watch report said that about 70,000 people had become displaced by aerial from Darfur bombardments since the preceding December .	Fatou Bensouda says investigators had uncovered an "  ongoing pattern of crimes " The ICC has been seeking the arrest of Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir Some 300,000 people have died in Darfur , the United Nations estimates
Washington  CNN  -- A group of pro-Hillary Clinton super PACs had it all figured out a few months ago : One would handle the email list , another the rapid response and another would spearhead the big-dollar fundraising . Strategists touted their cohesion and efficiency , two attributes they admitted were not usually applied to Democratic groups . But the excitement they created around a possible presidential bid had a somewhat unintended byproduct when a few eager and ambitious young politicos with no connection to Clinton or her aides realized that they , too , could get in on the early organizing game by starting their own super PACs . So that 's what they did . And while these organizers feel they are just adding their voice to the chorus of pro-Clinton groups , representatives from those PACs with longstanding ties to the former first lady and secretary of state see the new entries as an uncontrollable variable . Inside Politics : Rubio gives Clinton an ` F ' as secretary of state And these organizers feel that could siphon attention from other efforts to get Clinton to run . Right now , there are at least eight pro-Clinton super PACs registered with the Federal Election Commission . The highest-profile groups -- Ready for Hillary , American Bridge and Correct the Record -- have deep connections to the Clintons and are staffed by longtime confidants who regularly attend Clinton events and receptions . But then there are the unaffiliated groups -- Hillary 2016 , Hillary Clinton Super PAC , Hillary FTW , Hillary PAC , Madam Hillary 2016 and more . Not only are these unaffiliated groups created out of the excitement stirred by the larger PACs , but they are also , in some ways , copying the message that is working . Making strategic sense "  I entirely believe that with so much support from so many young politicos , this is really shining a light at the importance of young progressives , " said Eric Williams , the co-founder of Hillary 2016 PAC , who has zero ties to Clinton-land . "  We like her and I feel like that is going to encourage her decision . " That grassroots mission statement is similar to what Ready for Hillary founders said when in 2013 , strategists talked about getting young progressives so excited that their enthusiasm would compel Clinton to run . And the similarities are n't lost on the more established groups . Clintons in Oxford for Chelsea 's graduation "  A bottom-up effort like Ready for Hillary wo n't discourage any grassroots supporters from expressing their enthusiasm or organizing , " said a person familiar with Ready for Hillary 's view of other super PACs . "  At the same time , it makes more sense strategically to have one vehicle and build one massive list of supporters , because that 's what will put Hillary in the strongest position possible should she decide to run . " The issue is n't that these groups are stepping on fundraising toes . Since organizing earlier this year , Hillary 2016 has gained fewer than 100 followers on Twitter and has raised a total of $ 0 , according to the group . Despite that start , Williams says they will bank a decent amount after their first fundraiser in June and plan to have one each month after that . His attitude is that you have to start somewhere and his PAC is in the beginning of the building process . By comparison , Ready for Hillary has raised nearly $ 6 million from more than 55,000 donors since organizing in early 2013 . While many of these donors come from small , grassroots events that cost $ 20.16  get it ?  to attend , a number have been high-profile Clinton supporters and confidants . The group has also begun moving into the endorsement game , securing Clinton support from Chicago Mayor Rahm Emmanuel and Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia in the past week . ` We kind of roll our eyes ' when another super PAC emerges That has n't stopped some from worrying , though . "  Legitimately , I can understand why it concerns people , " said a source close to a pro-Clinton super PAC who asked not to be identified in order to speak more candidly . "  We do n't know who these people are . ... The good thing about Ready for Hillary is they channel all the excitement . It seems to me it would be more beneficial to have Ready for Hillary be the mother ship . " The source added , "  We kind of roll our eyes every time we see a new super PAC has filed . " Representatives from Ready for Hillary said they have not yet reached out to the founders of Hillary 2016 PAC . In the past , the group has reached out to other pro-Clinton super PACs to talk about possibly working together . Williams said that he did n't start the group to get pulled into Ready for Hillary because he wants to lead his own organization . "  We all have different political idea and idea for political success , " Williams added in an apparent knock on Ready for Hillary . Biden takes shot at Clinton White House "  To be honest with you , I do n't think I expect it , " Williams added about meeting with Ready for Hillary . "  It was n't an expectation of mine . " The concern among the super PACs close to Clinton is twofold . One , they worry that these groups will make mistakes and muddy what they had hoped would be a clean and efficient effort . Even if these groups are small , they say , their impact on that front could be outsized . "  Anyone can start one of these organizations and raise money and then eventually , if they are successful , start running ads , " said Alan Abramowitz , an except on super PACs and campaign finance laws . "  Having these super PACs support you is a double edged sward . ... The problem is that you ca n't control their message , so someone could go out there and start running ads who thinks they are helping Hillary Clinton , even though she might not like the message . " Secondly , some representatives from organization 's closer to Clinton also question the motives of the smaller groups , especially the idea that starting a super PAC is a way to get possible get a job with a hypothetical presidential campaign . Angling for campaign jobs ? Representatives for Hillary 2016 PAC played coy about whether they would want campaign jobs . "  At this current moment , that is not an interest of ours , " Williams said when the group launched in April , pausing before he added this caveat : "  But of course we are always open to anything . Times change and things change . " Not all agree that the proliferation of pro-Clinton groups is a bad thing , though . To some , including Burns Strider , a senior adviser to Correct the Record , the process is "  healthy and uniquely "  American . " "  As long as Americans are looking to support her and promote her and encourage her , that is a great thing , " Strider said . He added , however , this caveat : "  When all of this filters out , the pretenders will be outed and they will be out of the way and those who are for real will be there to the bitter end . They will be right there at the end . " On the other side of the spectrum , anti-Clinton super PACs are both experiencing their own splintering and watching the pro-Clinton side with amusement . Although America Rising PAC has become the top Republican super PAC against Clinton , there is also Stop Hillary PAC and a handful of other small groups . Garrett Marquis , the spokesman for Stop Hillary PAC , said while his group is n't focusing on what the pro-Clinton groups are doing , he does find it comical that random efforts are beginning to sprout up . "  It is interesting watching all these groups build up around Hillary , " Marquis said . "  It is quite curious , if not comical . " He added that he hopes more Republicans will begin to organize anti-Clinton efforts and said it will make the overall campaign against her better . "  Time will filter out those that are inferior , " he said . "  This is the same with pro-Hillary groups . " Rubio puts himself back into 2016 conversation	Some with no connection to Clinton have started their own super PACs Organizers of established PACs feel upstarts are uncontrollable variables Anti-Clinton groups are also springing up around more established super PACs
Editor 's note : Business Insider is contributing a series of columns to CNN.com that challenge commonly held beliefs about the tech world . Business Insider  -- Apple 's iPad tablet is n't just for geeks , yuppies , and rich people . It 's also for grandparents . That may not be the target audience you 're thinking of for a $ 500 piece of high-tech metal and glass . But it actually makes sense . Why is that ? First and foremost , the iPad is incredibly simple to use , and easy to learn .  After more than 100 days of owning one , I love it .  For older people , or especially for inexperienced computer users , that 's very helpful . Because the iPad is just a 10-inch touch panel , all you need to think about and interact with is what 's on the screen . There are no hidden menus to have to learn about , or buttons to think about . There 's no need to master double-clicking or right-clicking . You just touch what you want . So while there is some learning curve for the iPad , it should be much easier than trying to figure out the intricacies of Windows or even a Mac . And the touch-based user interface should seem very intuitive . There is n't anything much simpler than just touching what you want from the screen . Second , the iPad is easy for the sort of stuff we imagine our grandparents would want to do with it : Reading the web , e-books with large-as-you-want-it text , magazine articles , and email ; looking at photographs and videos ; filling out crossword puzzles ; and writing short messages . Some of these apps are built in ; others can be downloaded quickly and easily from the iPad app store . The iPad is admittedly not very good for writing longer e-mails , but that 's where an optional wireless keyboard or keyboard dock could be helpful . And it 's not designed  yet  for printing stuff , but there are some work-arounds available , depending on what sort of printer you have , what you want to print , or if you want to go through a computer to print . Lastly , the iPad is a great tool for grandparents for the same reason candy is -- their grandkids love it ! Consider what my colleague Henry Blodget has written at Business Insider , under the title "  HELP ! My Kids Are Addicted To My iPad . " He says , "  We got an iPad because we thought it might provide more peace and quiet during a long trip . And it did . Sometimes . When they were n't fighting over it . " He adds , "  A month after we bought it , the iPad has become so central to our household that we have to hide it . And in relatively short order , to preserve my family harmony , I 'm probably going to have to buy two more of the damn things . " So if there 's one way to be the most popular grandparents in the family , it 's by keeping an iPad in the living room , stocked with kids ' games , e-books , and the Netflix app for movies and TV shows .  Or , when it 's cheaper in a few years , an iPad in every room . If I were a kid now , I 'd love going over to grandma and grandpa 's house to play with their iPad -- just as I loved going to my grandparents ' house in the '90s because they had cable and MTV , and we did n't at home . Apple 's device is set to be one of the most desired gifts this holiday season . Its mainstream appeal -- to all age groups and levels of tech-savviness , even grandparents -- is a big reason why . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Apple 's iPad tablet is n't just for geeks , yuppies , and rich people The iPad is incredibly easy to use and easy to learn with no hidden menus or buttons iPad is great for what our grandparents would want to do with it , like photos , games and e-mail
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The first man on the moon marked the 40th anniversary of his historic achievement with characteristic understatement Monday , calling the program that put him on the lunar surface "  a good thing to do . " President Obama welcomes , from left , Buzz Aldrin , Michael Collins and Neil Armstrong . Apollo 11 commander Neil Armstrong joined crewmates Michael Collins and Buzz Aldrin at the National Air and Space Museum , capping a day of commemorations that included a stop at the White House . During brief remarks at the museum , he said the mission was the climax of a "  staggeringly complex " endeavor that "  required the very best in creativity , determination and perseverance that could be assembled in the American workplace . " "  Those successes were very impressive 40 years ago , but they were not miraculous , " Armstrong said . "  They were the result of the imagination and inventive minds of the people in the Apollo project since its inception eight years earlier . " The July 20 , 1969 , moon landing followed four test missions and came just two years after a fire that killed the first Apollo crew . Six lunar landings followed . A seventh flight , Apollo 13 , was forced to abort its landing after an oxygen tank explosion crippled the spacecraft ; the crew used its lunar lander as a "  lifeboat " for much of their harrowing return to Earth . Armstrong called the Apollo program "  a superb national enterprise " that "  left a lasting imprint on society and history . " "  Our knowledge of the moon increased a thousandfold and more , " he said . "  Technologies were developed for interplanetary navigation and travel . Our home planet has been seen from afar , and that perspective has caused us to think about its and our significance . Children inspired by the excitement of space flight have come to appreciate the wonder of science , the beauty of mathematics and the precision of engineering . " He concluded , "  Apollo was a good thing to do . " While fellow moonwalker Aldrin appeared on an episode of "  The Simpsons , " wrote a memoir that frankly discussed his bouts with alcoholism and depression and once punched out a conspiracy theorist who argued the landing was faked , Armstrong retreated to quiet obscurity after leaving NASA . He taught engineering at the University of Cincinnati in Ohio in the 1970s , was chairman of an aviation computer company until 1992 and served on the commission that investigated the loss of the space shuttle Challenger in 1986 . He has given only occasional interviews in the intervening decades and stopped signing autographs because he discovered his signature was being sold for profit . Collins , who flew the Apollo 11 command module Columbia while Aldrin and Armstrong took the lander Eagle to the lunar surface , went on to serve as director of the Air and Space Museum . Columbia is now a prize exhibit at the facility . Earlier , the crew met with President Obama , who hailed them as "  genuine American heroes " and "  the touchstone for excellence in exploration and discovery . " Obama said the landing continued to inspire young people to study math and science in hopes of becoming astronauts . As a boy in Hawaii , Obama recalled , he would go out with his grandfather to welcome back astronauts from missions that concluded with Pacific Ocean landings . "  I remember waving American flags and my grandfather telling me that the Apollo mission was an example of how Americans can do anything they put their minds to , " he said . Later , at the museum commemoration , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said Apollo "  fundamentally changed how humankind views its place in the universe . " "  What you achieved will never be forgotten , " Bolden said . "  Centuries from now , future generations will remember it was you -- you -- who took humankind 's first steps beyond our planet . "	Apollo 11 crew celebrates 40th anniversary of moon walk in Washington Armstrong calls Apollo program "  a superb national enterprise " He says , "  Apollo was a good thing to do "
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic 's preparations for the French Open later this month have suffered a worrying setback as the world number two was forced to withdraw from this week 's Madrid Open . Djokovic has suffered a recurrence of the right arm injury which hindered him at the Monte Carlo Masters three weeks ago , but was apparently healed . He is still hoping to be fit for the Rome Masters which starts next Sunday . "  I am very sorry for the Madrid tournament and all the Spanish fans to have to pull out of the Mutua Madrid Open , " said Djokovic told the official ATP Tour website Sunday . "  I did everything possible in order to play in Madrid , which is one of the biggest events of the year , but unfortunately my right arm injury has flared up again . "  Now I will take some time to recover and heal my injury , hoping I will be ready for Rome . I look forward to returning to Madrid next year . " The Serbian won in Madrid three years ago during his triumphant 2011 season and was looking for a repeat at Caja Magica in the Spanish capital . His absence may pave the way for world number Rafael Nadal to make a successful defense of his Madrid title but he has also been far from dominant in recent weeks . Defeats to fellow Spaniards David Ferrer and Nicolas Almagro in Monte Carlo and Barcelona were unexpected , but Nadal is shrugging them off . "  I 've already said it several times . I did n't try to win Monte Carlo 12 times or Barcelona 12 times . Maybe that is n't normal . This is the reality of the situation , " he said ahead of the Madrid tournament . "  Maybe it 's normal to lose three times in the quarterfinals . Maybe what 's not normal is what happened during the past nine years . " Nadal beat Monte Carlo winner Stanislas Wawrinka in last year 's final and believes he can go all the way again this year . "  I 'm here to fight and to try to play even better , " said Nadal . "  I do n't think I have to change many things . I think I can change very small things , and the change can be quite drastic and quite big . That 's what I 'm working on right now . " Meanwhile in the WTA event in Madrid , Maria Sharapova continued her superb recent form as she routed Klara Koukalova in the first round . Sharapova , who won her 30th WTA Tour title in such impressive style in Stuttgart last week , beat Koukalova 6-1 6-2 . In the women 's doubles tournament , Martina Hingis rolled back the years again as she paired with Germany 's Sabine Lisicki to beat seventh seeds Alla Kudryavtseva and Anastasia Rodionova in a first round clash . They were a set then 4-1 down in the match tie-break before going through 3-6 6-2 10-6 victory . But there was sad news released late on Sunday , with the announcement that former top 50 WTA player and British No. 1 Elena Baltacha has died aged 30 . Baltacha was diagnosed with liver cancer in January , just two months after retiring from tennis and only weeks after she married her long-time coach Nino Severino . "  We are heartbroken beyond words , " Severino said in a statement released by her family . Baltacha was the daughter of former football star Sergei Baltacha , who starred for Ipswich in the English top-flight after playing for the old Soviet Union .	Novak Djokovic forced out of Madrid Open with injury Right arm problem flares up again Injury first hit Djokovic at Monte Carlo Masters Former British No. 1 Elena Baltacha dies of liver cancer
Washington  CNN  -- Democrats know the history : 2014 is all but certain to be a tough year . But there is a sense among some top Democratic strategists that the political climate is shifting in ways that could keep the midterm climate from turning from bad to disastrous . Perhaps it is wishful thinking , and it is important -- very important -- to note how things look in April is often not how they turn out come November . But Democrats just in the past week have received a few nuggets of potentially helpful news : * Friday 's Labor Department report showing the economy added 192,000 jobs in March . * Enrollment in the President 's health care plan crossed the 7 million mark at the first big deadline to sign up . * A slight but potentially important uptick in President Barack Obama 's approval rating . Gallup 's daily tracking poll had this key midterm barometer at 45 percent on Friday , a near 2014 high and up from 39 percent in early February .  President George W. Bush had a 38 percent approval rating in November 2006 -- his second term midterm election -- and Democrats gained 30 House seats  . Plus , Democratic-leaning SuperPACS are beginning to spend more money , and in a few notable cases testing a new strategy of punching directly back at the source of millions of dollars in conservative spending that helped turn the early 2014 climate decidedly in favor of the GOP . Not that Democrats should be popping -- or even ordering -- champagne . To be clear , top party strategists still expect to lose seats in both the House and the Senate . The goal , though , is to keep the House losses to single digits and to deny Republicans the net gain of six seats the GOP needs to take control of the Senate . The principal driver of midterm election seasons is the President 's approval rating ; the closer the incumbent gets to 50 percent , the better Democrats feel about avoiding a November bloodbath . And any President benefits when people feel better about the economy , which is where the new jobs report , and the immediate debate about its meaning , comes in . The 192,000 new jobs was a bit below the consensus estimates , so Republicans were quick to label it not good enough . "  Our economy still is n't creating jobs for the American people at the rate they were promised , " House Speaker John Boehner said in a statement . Too early to run Obamacare victory lap Democrats , however , focused on the trend line . The economy added 533,000 jobs in the first three months of 2014 . By contrast , job growth in all of 2010 -- a disastrous midterm election year for Democrats -- was barely above 1 million . Back then , it was a punishing summer slump that shaped the fall election mood -- so given recent history , it would be a mistake for Democrats to invest too much hope in this year 's first quarter . But the early betting is that the job market in this midterm year will be stronger , and less volatile , than in 2010 . Turning the health care political tide is tougher , but one Democratic pollster Stan Greenberg argues must become a strategic imperative . As noted recently in an analysis produced by the GOP polling firm Public Opinion Strategies , opponents of the health care law are more likely to cite it as a major factor in their 2014 voting decisions . That "  intensity gap " is the major source of GOP midterm optimism . Greenberg , in a memo released Thursday , argues that Democrats need to reshape the health care terrain . "  When the debate is between implementing or repealing the  Affordable Care Act  , the intensity shifts towards implementing the law , " the veteran Democratic pollster says . "  So it is possible that Democrats will be able to turn the debate . " Inside Politics : GOP responds to Obamacare enrollment with new repeal plan Also worth watching is a growing Democratic effort to create a 2014 political bogeyman out of the Koch brothers . It was n't all that long ago that veteran Democratic Rep. Nick Rahall was contemplating retirement . Now , though , the West Virginia congressman is in the middle of an experiment Democrats hope helps them minimize their midterm losses . Evan Jenkins is Rahall 's Republican opponent . But turn on a TV in the 3rd Congressional District and you ca n't miss a rugged coal miner warning "  New York billionaires " are trying to defeat Rahall . Translation : the Koch brothers , the conservative megadonors whose spending spree has Democratic candidates across the country on their heels . Now , Democratic leaning groups are fighting back by making the Koch 's an issue -- labeling them a rich special interest group trying to get the best Congress money can buy . In addition to West Virginia , the House Majority PAC is running ads attacking the Koch brothers in Arizona 's 2nd Congressional District , where Democratic Rep. Ron Barber faces a tough reelection climate . Already the Koch brothers were an issue in several Senate campaigns , again as Democratic-leaning groups try to improve an election climate in which the early spending by the Koch 's , primarily through an organization called Americans for Prosperity , has improved GOP prospects . The pro-Democratic Senate Majority PAC is attacking the Koch brothers in five states with key Senate races : Arkansas , Colorado , Louisiana , North Carolina and Michigan . Americans For Prosperity has spent millions in those states and elsewhere attacking Democrats for supporting Obama 's health care law . The version running in Colorado urges voters to consider , "  those behind the attacks -- insurance companies and out of state billionaires . " Koch Brothers target another Democratic senator It 's a somewhat risky strategy -- using precious advertising resources to attack someone not on the ballot . But more and more Democrats think it is worth the effort . Rep. Steve Israel , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , said the Koch 's heavy spending and the frequent national media attention it receives makes them a legitimate target . "  The Koch brothers are becoming their own brand , " Israel said in a conversation this week . Democratic strategist Paul Begala concurs -- and drew a parallel to his 2012 work for a pro-Obama SuperPAC . "  Nobody had heard of Bain Capital either , until we told them about it , " Begala said . "  Of course the Democrats are wise to tell voters about the controversial billionaires . ... What did Mama say to you when someone said something hateful ? ` Consider the source , ' " he said . But veteran GOP ad guru Alex Castellanos is n't so sure . Years ago , Castellanos says one of his favorite ad targets was George Meany , then the AFL-CIO leader . "  Beat the hell out of him , " Castellanos said . "  Problem is , he was n't on the ballot . Democrats won . " To Castellanos , the direct aim at the Koch brothers proves "  the Democrat Party today is exhausted . It 's a tactical party , trying to eke out victories on Demographics and negative assaults . " Democrats , not surprisingly , disagree . They argue the Koch "  bogeyman " strategy is helping their candidates and with fund-raising . More broadly , the Democratic bottom line can be summed up this way : the year is still likely to be rough , but that the terrain in early April looks a bit less treacherous than it did in early March .	Democrats are banking on a boost from good Obamacare and jobs report figures An improvement in the President 's approval rating could help Democrats in midterms Democrats are hoping to salvage anticipated congressional losses Democrats hope a backlash against big donors will help election efforts
CNN  -- Venus Williams claimed the 42nd title of her glittering career as she successfully defended her Dubai Tennis Championship crown on Saturday . The American defeated fourth seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-3 7-5 in the final , having also won their only previous encounter at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . The victory lifted Williams into 11th place on the all-time list , moving her one title ahead of the recently-returned Justine Henin to make her the most successful player currently active on the WTA Tour . The former world No. 1 , seeded third in the absence of her top-ranked younger sister Serena and No. 2 Dinara Safina , won the opening set in controversial circumstances with the only break after using the Hawkeye system to challenge a line call on Azarenka 's second serve at 3-2 . The 29-year-old Williams romped to a 2-0 lead in the second set , but Australian Open quarterfinalist Azarenka leveled at 3-3 and games went with serve until 5-5 . Williams broke then with a forehand passing shot , highlighting the extra power she said had given her an edge . "  Obviously , my serve is a big advantage for me , " she told the tournament 's official Web site . "  I think I get a lot of balls back . I think off the ground she 's very strong and consistent , but I think I 'm probably a little stronger than her , so that helps me to control the point . "  I think she does everything well , but there 's a few things , obviously the strength that helps me . " The 20-year-old Azarenka has now lost five of her eight WTA Tour finals . "  It 's not about power . It 's more about precision that she was making it on the lines close to the lines , " Azarenka said . "  Venus came off with some big shots , and , you know , I think overall the game was really good . "  Very high quality of tennis from both of us . Just , you know , a little bit of bad luck on a few balls . But I 'm proud of what I did today . " Meanwhile , top seed Maria Sharapova claimed her 21st career title and her first of this year after thrashing Sophia Arvidsson 6-2 6-1 in the final of the Cellular South Cup in Memphis on Saturday . The Russian made short work of the 102-ranked Swede , who reached the final after coming through qualifying rounds but won the tournament four years ago . The 22-year-old Sharapova won her fifth consecutive match in straight sets , claiming her first title since triumphing in Tokyo in October last year as she continues her rehabilitation from long-term shoulder problems .	Venus Williams claims 42nd title of her career , defending Dubai Tennis Championship crown American third seed defeats Victoria Azarenka of Belarus 6-3 7-5 in final Victory lifted Williams into 11th place on the all-time list above Justine Henin Maria Sharapova claims her first title of 2010 , beating Sophia Arvidsson in Memphis final
As they strolled through Westgate Mall , guns strapped to their torsos , the attackers chatted on their cell phones while they sprayed bullets at terrified shoppers . Ruthless and nonchalant , they randomly gunned down shoppers at the upscale mall in the Kenyan capital . At one point , they took turns to pray , removing shoes to perform the ritual washing in a room stacked with boxes . They bowed down in Islamic prayer , taking a break from incessant gunfire . Chilling footage from mall Closed-circuit television footage obtained by CNN provides the chilling new details of what happened during the attack last month . In part , it shows two people with guns casually walking and shooting their way through a supermarket in the mall . During the hours of video , they are seen talking on the phone , praying and shooting toward anything that moved . Al Libi trial , Libya and al Qaeda : What you wo n't hear in court A man whimpering in a pool of blood on the floor crawled to get away . A gunman returned and shot him , again . In between the gunfire , the attackers scanned ceilings for surveillance cameras . Nearby , shoppers hid behind cash registers while some ran for their lives . Others , too terrified to move , cowered on bloody floors . Parking lot mayhem The footage was taken on September 21 , day one of the four-day siege . Though the video has no sound , the terror on the faces of the victims is loud and clear . It 's not over , Somali terrorists say after Westgate In addition to the two attackers in the supermarket , the footage shows two more making their way through the parking lot . They opened fire . Shoppers slithered under cars . Others tumbled to the ground , felled by bullets . The attack left at least 67 people dead , many more injured and dozens unaccounted for . Details match up Details from the footage appear to corroborate a running commentary by the Al-Shabaab , which claimed responsibility for the attacks . In its Twitter account during the siege , the terror group said the attacks were conducted by men . It denied reports that terror suspect Briton Samantha Lewthwaite was involved . Bergen : Al-Shabaab backed by money from U.S. Al-Shabaab said it remained in contact with the attackers as they battled Kenyan forces during the hostage crisis . Hostage takers join forces The attackers in the parking lot later joined the others in the mall . The four wandered , rounding up hostages . A woman with two children and a third in a shopping cart walked by a line of cash registers . A bloody teenage girl followed them ; a gunman pointed the way . The woman , the children and girl were all eventually released . The footage focuses on the corner of the mall closest to the supermarket , which occupies the anchor position in the four-story mall . The stories repeated themselves in various places at the mall , which has more than 80 stores . Many unknowns There are many mysteries about the mall attack . With dozens still unaccounted for , how many people did the attackers kill ? How many terrorists did the Kenyan forces kill ? How many civilians and terrorists are buried beneath the concrete chunks of the collapsed section of the mall ? It 's unclear whether the four terrorists in the video were arrested or gunned down by security forces at the scene . Even the total number of assailants is unknown . Kenyans debate : Time to get troops out of Somalia ? At the time of the attack , Kenyan officials said that up to 15 gunmen were involved . On day four , as the operation wound down , President Uhuru Kenyatta said five terrorists were killed and 11 suspects were in custody . But since then , the numbers have fluctuated , with different officials citing various numbers between four and six . This month , military spokesman Maj. Emmanuel Chirchir said four gunmen died when part of the mall collapsed . It 's unclear whether he was referring to those in the video . Their charred bodies , he said , are undergoing DNA tests . Chirchir also released the names of the dead militants , including an American of Somali origin , but analysts say those names may be pseudonyms . Officials have said the answers may be buried beneath the rubble of the collapsed section of the mall . But , as they scour through the mangled heap , there are more questions than answers .	Closed-circuit television footage obtained by CNN provides chilling new details At one point during the attack , the gunmen took turns to pray They bowed down in Islamic prayer , taking a break from incessant gunfire They also chatted on cell phones as they sprayed bullets at shoppers
Istanbul  CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan agreed to put the brakes on plans for a mall on a park in Istanbul for now , a compromise of sorts to end the two weeks of persistent unrest across the nation . The government will keep construction plans on hold until a court considers the objections of protesters camped out in the Taksim Square 's Gezi Park , officials say , If a judicial ruling is not in line with what Gezi protesters want , a plebiscite on the park will be held . Erdogan also will investigate claims of excessive use of force by police -- a major concern of the citizenry . This comes after leaders of the protests in Istanbul 's Taksim Square met last night with Erdogan at his home in Ankara , the capital -- an event regarded as a sign of reconciliation between the government and the protesters . The protesters -- part of a Taksim Solidarity coalition -- were pleased : "  This is just the beginning , resistance will continue , " protesters chanted at a meeting in Istanbul . Erdogan , in a speech broadcast on TV Friday , called on people camped in Gezi Park to withdraw . "  We say please , come now and withdraw from Gezi Park , go to your homes . And if those from those illegal organizations remain there , then we will be left face-to-face with them . Because that Gezi Park is not a park of this illegal organization , these occupying organizations . It belongs to the whole of Istanbul and whole of the nation , and everyone should be able to benefit and enjoy this Gezi Park easily . " The sit-in against the development served as a symbolic stance against what many perceived as creeping infringement of rights in a secular society . People protested plans to bulldoze Gezi Park and replace it with a shopping mall housed inside a replica of a 19th-century Ottoman barracks . What was a small protest broadened into an outpouring in the square and throughout the country as security forces cracked down hard on demonstrators . The images , seen worldwide on social media and TV , sparked criticism in world capitals as well as Turkey itself -- a NATO member and a U.S. ally . The unrest also signaled political danger for Erdogan -- a popular , populist , and democratically elected politician serving his third term in office . Erdogan has been criticized for heavy handed tactics , even among his allies , and for trying to impose developments without popular public input . The park plan is the final straw for many anti-Erdogan Turks , who think the government is intent on imposing its will whenever and wherever it wants . The criticism has been a blow to Erdogan and his Islamist-rooted party , which has overseen an economic boom in the country over the past decade . His actions have buoyed the secular opposition -- the one-time powerful demographic that feels marginalized by Erdogan 's Justice and Development party , the AKP . But despite Erdogan 's tough rhetoric toward protesters , he and his government appear to be hearing the diverse voices in Taksim and other squares across Turkey . He mocked what he saw as the protesters ' lack of cleanliness and rowdiness and warned those people camped out in the park and the square to leave . After the meeting , Huseyin Celik , deputy chairman of the AKP , told reporters in Ankara on Friday that Gezi Park would be kept untouched until the court 's decision . "  A plebiscite will be held to sound Istanbul people out to determine what they want and do not want . We will definitely respect the final decision of the people of Istanbul no matter what the outcome will be . Our government will undoubtedly implement the decision of Istanbul people . " Tayfun Kahraman , a city planner speaking on behalf of the Taksim Solidarity protest movement , thanked Erdogan and his ministers for accepting their demands for a meeting . He said Erdogan said the government would implement the final result of a plebiscite across Istanbul and investigate police behavior . "  We will closely follow his promises and the process . Unfortunately four people died in the incidents . We still feel the pain of their death . We will organize an activity in Gezi Park tomorrow , a commemoration for the dead as a lament and expression of deep sorrow , " Kahraman said . Taksim Solidarity is a coalition of protesters that comprises dentists , pharmacists , engineers and other educated secularists . The government wants the protesters to leave Taksim , but there is no single organization or person capable of getting everyone to pack up and go . Many groups in Taksim and some -- such as the LGBT , Turkish Youth Union and Red Hack -- have already vowed to hunker down in the park . In Istanbul later , protesters stressed the importance of the police brutality issue , with one official saying their attacks "  trampled all human dignity . " That issue was hit home strongly during the meeting . Protesters said Erdogan did n't respond to demands that those detained should be freed and stripped of charges and that central squares across the country be opened for freedom of speech and expression . Earlier this week , many activists had backed out of a meeting with Erdogan out of anger over the tear gas against demonstrators by police this week . After two weeks of raucous anti-government street protests , calm settled over Istanbul for a second day Friday as the city prepared for pro-government counter demonstrations . Erdogan 's party has organized counter protests for the weekend to give a voice to Turkey 's "  quiet majority to the people and the world , " he said . They will show the international community "  a real , true picture of Turkey . " Two rallies will be held away from anti-government protests to avoid possible confrontations , he said . Police in Ankara launched tear gas at rowdy demonstrators who tried to set up barricades to cut off traffic . Police released 46 demonstrators detained in the protests , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported . Opinion : Past and future collide in Turkey clashes Letters from Turkey , with pride What 's driving unrest and protests in Turkey ? CNN 's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul . Joe Sterling and Ben Brumfield reported and wrote from Atlanta . .	Erdogan urges people to leave Gezi Park Protesters chant , ` this is just the beginning ' Prime minister meets with a coalition of protesters
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- The Turkish government reported a record number of refugees fleeing Syrian military offensives across the border , just days before the Syrian government pledged to withdraw military forces from population centers . In 24 hours , at least 2,741 Syrians fled down smugglers ' paths to the barbed wire border fence , where they were met by Turkish border guards , the Prime Ministry Disaster and Emergency Management Directorate said . More than 23,000 Syrian refugees now reside in Turkey . The surge prompted Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu to make a 2 a.m. phone call to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , inviting U.N. officials to witness the growing refugee crisis firsthand . Davutoglu also told the U.N. chief he was receiving reports of Syrian military operations backed by helicopters from across the border . "  They are burning all the houses , " one Syrian woman told journalists at the border late Thursday , as she sat with other refugees in a van awaiting transport to a nearby refugee camp in Turkey . "  It was a massacre in a Taftanaz , " said another woman , who asked not to be named for security reasons . "  They butchered the people ; they shelled and fired rockets ; they displaced us . Bashar -LSB- al Assad -RSB- is an oppressor and a dog . May God have no mercy on him . " On Thursday night , opposition activists sent CNN video and photos of the devastated northern town of Taftanaz . The small rebel stronghold had been the target of days and nights of artillery bombardment as well as strafing from Syrian military helicopters . On Thursday afternoon , Syrian security forces observed a cease-fire , opposition activists said , allowing Syrian Red Crescent workers to collect bodies . Video shot on Thursday showed dozens of corpses , all of them male and some of them dressed in camouflage uniforms , laid out on the floor of the Al Kabir mosque in Taftanaz . Later , many of the dead were placed in a long , deep trench for burial . Grieving residents gathered around the mass grave . The total number of refugees fleeing grisly scenes like this has dramatically increased . Until now , the Turkish government has refused offers of assistance from international aid organizations like the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees , and has restricted access to the refugee camps . But on Friday , Foreign Minister Davutoglu suggested that a policy change was in the works . "  It is important for the international community to take a very clear stance with regard to the refugee flow now , " he said . Davutoglu said he asked the U.N. secretary-general to take a "  much more active role " in the refugee crisis . Several regional policy experts have predicted that a dramatic increase in refugees streaming across the Syrian border may prompt Turkey to move forward on plans to establish a "  buffer zone " on Syrian territory . "  So far , the Turkish government kept the -LSB- refugee -RSB- issue to itself and did not let the United Nations take over , " said Ufuk Ulutas , a Middle East expert with the Ankara-based SETA Foundation for Political , Economic and Social Research . "  If Turkey receives 2,000 -LSB- refugees -RSB- every day , I do n't think it will be a manageable number for Turkey , " Ulutas told CNN , adding , "  If the influx is in big numbers , I do n't think they will have any other options but to create a buffer zone . " Turkey last hosted huge numbers of refugees after the 1991 Gulf War in neighboring Iraq . The flood of ethnic Kurds fleeing a crackdown by Iraqi strongman Saddam Hussein had long-lasting consequences on security in southeastern Turkey , where the Turkish state has long battled a homegrown Kurdish insurgency . Turkish officials have long denied speculation within the Turkish media about the possibility of a military intervention aimed at establishing a buffer zone in Syria . A senior Turkish official repeated those denials in a recent interview with CNN . "  We have said all along no safe haven , no buffer zones , " the Turkish official said , on condition of anonymity . "  We 're trying everything we can short of a military intervention ... to convince the Assad regime to stop violence and make a political transition possible . " Journalist Omar al Muqdad contributed to this report .	A record number are arriving in Turkey from Syria ; more than 23,000 are said to be there They are fleeing military offensives in Syria Turkey has asked the U.N. to witness the flow firsthand
CNN  -- Scientists studying the carcass of what they call the heaviest squid ever found have discovered it has eyes as big as soccer balls -- reportedly the largest in the world . Scientists are interviewed while two colossal squids are defrosted . The one on the right is missing part of its body . The colossal squid 's eyes were measured at about 27 centimeters  10.8 inches  across by researchers , who have been defrosting it and a smaller specimen at Te Papa , the national museum of New Zealand . "  This is the only intact eye  of a colossal squid  that 's ever been found . It 's spectacular , " squid specialist Kat Bolstad of the Auckland University of Technology told The Associated Press on Wednesday . Bolstad , one of a team of international scientists brought in to examine the creature , added : "  It 's the largest known eye in the animal kingdom . " His assertion was backed up by Swedish professor Eric Warrant of the University of Lund , who specializes in vision in invertebrates . "  This is the largest eye ever recorded in history and studied , " Warrant told AP . "  It has a huge lens the size of an orange and captures an awful lot of light in the dark depths in which it hunts . " Scientists snaked a camera into the colossal squid 's body and measured its beak and tentacles in an exam broadcast live on the Internet . "  It did n't seem really fair that only a handful of people would get to see an animal like this up close , " said Steve O'Shea , a marine biologist at the Auckland University of Technology . He led a team that examined the corps of the colossal squid on Monday , Tuesday and Wednesday in a lab at Wellington 's Te Papa . "  It 's the end of three days without much sleep , " O'Shea told CNN . "  It 's been an exhausting exercise . " Blog dispatches from the lab provided updates  "  They 're going to rotate the Squid ! "  peppered with commentary  "  anything with lots of legs/tentacles gives me the willies but if it 's here -- and not moving is a plus in my book -- you have to touch ! " A New Zealand fishing boat snagged the squid in February 2007 , as it sought toothfish in the Antarctic waters of the Ross Sea . The crew hauled in a line with many baited hooks and discovered a massive squid feasting on one of the hooked fish , the museum says on its Web site . Researchers determined it was a colossal squid , a species first documented in 2003 that tends to weigh more than the also-big giant squid . The larger colossal squid that scientists examined this week weighed 1,091 pounds  495 kilograms  and measured about 32 feet  10 meters  , the museum said . "  We probably have more questions than we have answers now , " O'Shea said just after completing the exam . Yet the team made at least one key finding . When they measured the colossal squid 's beak , O'Shea said , they were stunned to discover that it was shorter than colossal-squid beaks recovered from the stomachs of sperm whales , which prey on squid . That led O'Shea to conclude that even heavier colossal squid lurk somewhere below the surface , unseen by human eyes . "  They grow considerably larger , " he said . E-mail to a friend	Researchers defrosting two colossal squid at New Zealand 's national museum The larger one has eyes around 27 cm across , believed to be world 's biggest It weighs almost half a tonne and measures about 32 feet  10 meters  in length Scientists believe that there may be even larger colossal squids in existence
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The sexual abuse of children is not just a "  heinous crime " but a "  grave sin " that offends God and wounds human dignity , Pope Benedict XVI said Tuesday after a two-day meeting with Irish Catholic bishops at the Vatican . The weakening of faith has also been a "  significant contributing factor " in the sexual abuse of minors , the pope said , adding that "  current painful situation will not be resolved quickly . " The pope 's comments came in a written Vatican statement at the end of the meeting , the largest one yet about the scandal that has rocked the church from Ireland to the Vatican and beyond . A damning report by an independent Irish commission in November found the Catholic Church in Ireland had covered up the "  widespread " abuse of children from 1975 to 2004 . It led to the resignation of four Irish bishops late last year and prompted the pope to say at the time he was "  deeply disturbed and distressed " by the report 's findings . A group representing alleged victims of abuse said the pope had not gone far enough . Victims are "  angered his Holiness did not see fit to take the necessary firm action against those in the Irish Church hierarchy who protected pedophiles , " said John Kelly , the founder of Irish Survivors of Child Abuse . The pope "  has clearly failed the victims and the Irish people , " he added . Asking the bishops to address the problem "  shows lack of vision , especially as it is the Irish bishops who are themselves the problem , " Kelly said in the written statement . There was no discussion at this week 's meeting about further resignations , said papal spokesman Father Federico Lombardi . Those at the meeting "  recognized that this grave crisis has led to a breakdown in trust in the church 's leadership and has damaged  the church 's  witness to the gospel and its moral teaching , " the Vatican statement said . "  The bishops spoke frankly of the sense of pain and anger , betrayal , scandal and shame expressed to them on numerous occasions by those who had been abused , " it said . It said "  significant measures have now been taken " to ensure the safety of children in the church . "  For his part , the Holy Father observed that the sexual abuse of children and young people is not only a heinous crime , but also a grave sin which offends God and wounds the dignity of the human person created in his image , " the statement said . The pope challenged the bishops to address past problems with "  determination and resolve " and to face the current crisis with "  honesty and courage . " "  The Holy Father also pointed to the more general crisis of faith affecting the church and he linked that to the lack of respect for the human person , and how the weakening of faith has been a significant contributing factor in the phenomenon of the sexual abuse of minors , " the statement said . "  He stressed the need for a deeper theological reflection on the whole issue , and called for an improved human , spiritual , academic and pastoral preparation both of candidates for the priesthood and religious life and of those already ordained and professed . " The pope wrote a pastoral letter to Irish Catholics to be issued during Lent , the 40-day period between Ash Wednesday , which happens tomorrow , and Easter , the Vatican said . "  The Holy Father has asked that this Lent be set aside as a time for imploring an outpouring of God 's mercy and the holy spirit 's gifts of holiness and strength upon the church in Ireland , " the statement said . At a Mass in Rome on Monday before meeting the pope , the Irish Catholic bishops prayed for the victims of the abuse in Ireland , said their spokesman , Martin Long . One of the bishops said Sunday that the church in Ireland had been badly damaged by the revelations of abuse and cover-up . "  I would admit quite frankly what everybody else knows , shouted from house tops , that the church has been seriously wounded , " Bishop Joseph Duffy said in Rome . "  This has done an immense damage to the authority of the church as the mouthpiece of the gospel of Jesus Christ . Of that there is no doubt , " he said . The pope already met in December with senior Irish bishops about the report , produced by the Dublin Archdiocese Commission of Investigation . The Irish government created the commission in 2006 to examine abuse allegations .	Weakening of faith a "  significant contributing factor " in child sex abuse , pope says Independent Irish report found Catholic Church in Ireland had covered up "  widespread " abuse Pope challenges bishops to face current crisis with "  honesty and courage " NEW : Victims group says pope "  clearly failed the victims and the Irish people "
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The center-left coalition headed by Pier Luigi Bersani appears to have won a narrow victory in elections for Italy 's lower house of parliament , according to final figures released by the Interior Ministry . Bersani 's coalition won 29.54 % of the vote cast for the lower house , less than half a percentage point more than the center-right coalition headed by controversial three-time Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , which garnered 29.18 % of the vote . Final results for the Senate showed the center-left winning with 31.63 % of the vote , compared with the center-right 's 30.72 % . Can the anti-Berlusconi pull Italy out of the mire ? "  It 's by no means done , but it is exceptional . This is the first time ever that Italy has had a hung parliament , " said James Walston , a professor at The American University of Rome , before the final results . "  The center-left was not able to put forward a clear picture ; they lack leadership . And Berlusconi , who was trailing way behind before Christmas , ended up putting together , reconstituting , a new center-right coalition , " he said . Voter turnout was lower than anticipated on Sunday , the first day of balloting , down from 62.55 % in 2008 to 55.17 % this year , the state-run ANSA news agency reported . Weather , in part , appeared to cause the lower voter turnout , the news agency said . It was snowing in portions of northern Italy and raining in the southern part of the country . The candidates and their alliances Sampling polls were banned within two weeks of the elections , but the most recent ones had Bersani holding on to a slender lead over Berlusconi . Former comedian Beppe Grillo was a distant third . All the candidates , with the exception of Grillo , cast their ballots Sunday , ANSA reported . Italy 's political system encourages the forming of alliances . Beppe Grillo : Clown prince of Italian politics For example , the Democratic Party has teamed with the more left-wing Left Ecology Freedom party . The center-left alliance is dominated by the Democratic Party , led by Bersani . Bersani , 61 , comes across as "  bluff and homespun , and that 's part of his appeal -- or not , depending on your point of view , " said Walston , the analyst . He described Bersani , a former communist , as a "  revised apparatchik , " saying the reform-minded socialist was paradoxically "  far more of a free marketeer than even people on the right . " At second place in the polls was the center-right alliance led by Berlusconi 's People of Freedom Party , or PdL , in coalition with the right-wing , anti-immigration Northern League . Berlusconi has given conflicting signals as to whether he is running for the premiership , indicating that he would seek the job if his coalition won , but contradicting that on other occasions . The septuagenarian playboy billionaire nicknamed "  Il Cavaliere " has been campaigning as a Milan court weighs his appeal against a tax fraud conviction , for which he was sentenced to four years in jail last year . The verdict will be delivered after the elections ; however , under the Italian legal system , he is entitled to a further appeal in a higher court . Because the case dates to July 2006 , the statute of limitations will expire this year , meaning there is a good chance none of the defendants will serve any prison time . Why are elections taking place now ? Italian parliamentarians are elected for five-year terms , with the current one due to end in April . But in December , the PdL withdrew its support of the reformist government led by Mario Monti , saying it was pursuing policies that "  were too German-centric . " Monti subsequently resigned , and the parliament was dissolved . CNN 's Hada Messia and Chelsea J. Carter and journalist Tim Hume contributed to this report .	Results for the Senate showed the center-left winning with 31.63 % of the vote "  It 's by no means done , but it is exceptional , " an analyst says Bad weather is being blamed in part for low voter turnout
CNN  -- I am a mother who watched her mother bury her only son . Mothers who do this wear an excruciatingly blank look of sorrow and disorientation . Their eyes grow dim and damp . They move slowly , laboring to adjust to a horrific new reality . Not only does the heart of a mother split open when a child dies , but time itself breaks in two , reordered into the time before his death and the time after . I know the empty eyes well . My mother had them for years after the death of my 17-year-old brother , Eddie . Sybrina Fulton , the mother of Trayvon Martin , and Valerie Bell , Sean Bell 's mother , have appeared on in news interviews in recent days . They still have those eyes . Now Lesley McSpadden , Michael Brown 's mother , has the gruesome , unnatural task of burying her baby boy , a devastating detail often lost amid the aggressive noise surrounding the trauma in Ferguson , Missouri . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests The mothers of Sean Bell , Oscar Grant , Trayvon Martin and now Michael Brown are in a particularly sad sorority . Not only do they have to negotiate life without their sons , but they must conduct the rough rituals of mourning under the incredible burden of the violence , systemic racism , hidden history and injustice that brought them to this place . There 's a dignity that comes with losing sons as soldiers , and there 's a sympathy that comes to mothers who lose them to illness or a tragic accident , as was the case of my brother . But these other mothers have none of that relief ; their sons were healthy , surefooted and unarmed . Now these women are thrust into spotlights , tasked with asking for prayers and patience and peace in the street -- when their own peace wo n't come . We mothers who watch these wounded women go through this , pull our own young men closer and strategize how to keep them from this fate . It 's an unfair burden . In fact , every time a high-profile killing of an unarmed black male by law enforcement hits the news , black parents again have "  the talk " with their sons about what to do , and perhaps more critically , what not to do when encountering police . And every time it 's infuriating to reach for this desperate yet fatally flawed strategy : a one-sided instruction to help save them in a two-sided , potentially deadly relationship . Yesterday , I had a conversation with a friend who is a Hollywood producer with two sons living in an affluent neighborhood in Los Angeles . She told me that the details of her "  talk " may be different from mothers in low-income communities , but she 's clear that wealth does not protect her sons from dangerous encounters with the police . Indeed , she told me that some high-income mothers are so acutely aware of the way police view black men in California , that a group of the mothers got together and invited a high-ranking police officer over for tea to introduce him to their sons . The intent ? "  Officer , meet my son . He 's not a thug , a thief or a threat . If you see him in a fancy car or walking down the street wearing sporty teen boy gear , please do n't kill him , OK ? " It 's a clever tactic  as pathetic as it is that there is a need for it  and a step in the right direction . Consider : Black mothers and fathers all over the country for generations have been telling their kids how to act around law enforcement , but who is instructing law enforcement about how to act when encountering our boys ? It is painfully evident that much of law enforcement is ignorant of black youth culture . Police are armed with ready guns , misinformed stereotypes and irrational fear . They obviously have not engaged enough with our youth to know about them . Many police officers have no imagination to allow black teens the adolescent recklessness they instinctively give white youth . If no one institutes a plan to reform the culture of policing by educating police about the culture of black youth , this lopsided relationship will continue to produce tragedies such as what we 're witnessing in Ferguson . The burden has far too long been shouldered by black parents and kids , requiring them to adjust to the injustice of excessive force , police brutality and ignorance . Police officers must become more responsible for knowing the community they 're hired to protect and serve  even fast food workers are trained to know their customers  . The residents of Ferguson and cities all over America have been grossly underserved and fatally misunderstood . We should not be asking outraged mothers , fathers , families and communities to stop hollering . We should be asking trained law enforcement to put down their guns and listen up . Magazine : The Aftermath in Ferguson Read more about the flash point in the Heartland at CNN.com / US	Michaela Davis : Moms who lose sons wear blank look of sorrow . Michael Brown 's does now She says they are thrust into spotlight to call for peace as they process private trauma She says moms looking on renew ` the talk ' with their sons . Why should they have to do this ? Davis : Police are ones who must be educated to deal with young men , not the other way around
MINNEAPOLIS , Minnesota  CNN  -- David and Christina Macfarlane always dreamed of opening a restaurant . And with David 's background as a White House chef , they certainly have the in-house culinary ability . David and Christina Macfarlane in their Minneapolis restaurant , L'Ecosse . But they never imagined they 'd be doing it in one of the toughest economic times ever , and they wondered if it would even be possible . "  The banks were like , ` You 're opening a restaurant now ? ' " Christina says . " ` Yeah , we 're opening a restaurant now . ' " David was born in Glasgow , Scotland , but moved to the United States with his family in his early teens and soon found his passion for the palate . Soon after high school , he joined the U.S. Navy , where he ultimately spent years cooking -- two of which were spent in the kitchen at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue as a chef for President Clinton at the beginning of his first term in 1992 . Looking at a picture of himself and the former president , David describes a favorite memory . "  He said that was the best meal he ever ate . I was pretty geeked about that . " See more about that favorite meal " But the Macfarlanes wanted more time as a family -- something not suited to David 's high-profile job . They moved a number of times before settling down in the Minneapolis , Minnesota , suburbs where , most recently , David worked for Fusion Culinary -- until his position was eliminated , that is . Christina says that as dismayed as David was over the job loss , she saw it as "  a blessing . " "  I thought , ` Thank you , Lord ! Thank you , Lord ! ' " she says , adding that she saw it as the perfect opportunity to follow through with their dream . Now , despite the battered economy , the two stand behind the bar in their new restaurant , L'Ecosse , which , incidentally , is French for "  Scotland . " However , they have a slightly different take on the menu than perhaps they would have had if times were perkier . "  We went to over a dozen restaurants looking at menus , pricepoints , -LSB- and -RSB- realizing the struggles in the economy , " Christina recalls . The two concluded that while people are still eating out , they are n't seeking "  fancy " food -- in other words , they were n't seeking the type of fare one might typically associate with state dinners at the White House . David says that 's all a misconception anyway . "  Comfort food , " he says . "  That 's what the president wanted most . " Some of the president 's favorite foods , David says were nachos and salsa , tuna sandwiches , or just warm milk and cookies . " -LSB- President Clinton -RSB- was n't looking for any of the fancy frou-frou stuff . We did that for state dinners or we did that for dignitaries that would come in , but ... at lunchtime when the president would be in the Oval Office by himself , -LSB- he 'd say -RSB- ` Lem me have a tuna sandwich . ' " At L'Ecosse , tuna and warm cookies are on the menu . Keeping with his Scottish upbringing , David 's menu also is largely UK-centric : meat pies and fish and chips are two of the specialties . He does it all with fresh , local ingredients and says he can keep prices down because he does a lot of the work himself and with the help of a very minimal staff . Watch the chef talk about keeping it simple " Everything on the breakfast and lunch menus is priced under $ 10 , and the two say that when they expand to a full dinner menu once their liquor license is approved , they want to keep prices similarly low . "  The reason we did that was so nobody had sticker shock , " David says . "  They 're very good items , but they 're also inexpensive items and you 're not going to break the bank . " "  If you want to come in and get Bill Clinton 's favorite , it does n't have to be $ 15 during the day . And that 's what we want people to understand -- we understand where you 're at . " As Christina puts it , "  You are going to get great food that your mother used to make for you . " And , ideally , the bill wo n't send you into debt .	Former White House chef opens restaurant to serve "  comfort food " Menu designed to take the "  sticker shock " out of dining Former president was fan of salsa , tuna sandwiches , warm cookies and milk Owners say prices lower due to local ingredients , minimal staff
New York  CNN  -- Like most people , I 'd given some thought to what meat actually is , but until I became a father and faced the prospect of having to make food choices on someone else 's behalf , there was no urgency to get to the bottom of things . I 'm a novelist and never had it in mind to write nonfiction . Frankly , I doubt I 'll ever do it again . But the subject of animal agriculture , at this moment , is something no one should ignore . As a writer , putting words on the page is how I pay attention . If the way we raise animals for food is n't the most important problem in the world right now , it 's arguably the No. 1 cause of global warming : The United Nations reports the livestock business generates more greenhouse gas emissions than all forms of transportation combined . It 's the No. 1 cause of animal suffering , a decisive factor in the creation of zoonotic diseases like bird and swine flu , and the list goes on . It is the problem with the most deafening silence surrounding it . Even the most political people , the most thoughtful and engaged , tend not to "  go there . " And for good reason . Going there can be extremely uncomfortable . Food is not just what we put in our mouths to fill up ; it is culture and identity . Reason plays some role in our decisions about food , but it 's rarely driving the car . We need a better way to talk about eating animals , a way that does n't ignore or even just shruggingly accept things like habits , cravings , family and history but rather incorporates them into the conversation . The more they are allowed in , the more able we will be to follow our best instincts . And although there are many respectable ways to think about meat , there is not a person on Earth whose best instincts would lead him or her to factory farming . My book , "  Eating Animals , " addresses factory farming from numerous perspectives : animal welfare , the environment , the price paid by rural communities , the economic costs . In two essays , I will share some of what I 've learned about how the way we raise animals for food affects human health . What we eat and what we are Why are n't more people aware of , and angry about , the rates of avoidable food-borne illness ? Perhaps it does n't seem obvious that something is amiss simply because anything that happens all the time -- like meat , especially poultry , becoming infected by pathogens -- tends to fade into the background . Whatever the case , if you know what to look for , the pathogen problem comes into terrifying focus . For example , the next time a friend has a sudden "  flu " -- what folks sometimes misdescribe as "  the stomach flu " -- ask a few questions . Was your friend 's illness one of those "  24-hour flus " that come and go quickly : retch or crap , then relief ? The diagnosis is n't quite so simple , but if the answer to this question is yes , your friend probably did n't have the flu at all . He or she was probably suffering from one of the 76 million cases of food-borne illness the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has estimated happen in America each year . Your friend did n't "  catch a bug " so much as eat a bug . And in all likelihood , that bug was created by factory farming . Beyond the sheer number of illnesses linked to factory farming , we know that factory farms are contributing to the growth of antimicrobial-resistant pathogens simply because these farms consume so many antimicrobials . We have to go to a doctor to obtain antibiotics and other antimicrobials as a public-health measure to limit the number of such drugs being taken by humans . We accept this inconvenience because of its medical importance . Microbes eventually adapt to antimicrobials , and we want to make sure it is the truly sick who benefit from the finite number of uses any antimicrobial will have before the microbes learn how to survive it . On a typical factory farm , drugs are fed to animals with every meal . In poultry factory farms , they almost have to be . It 's a perfect storm : The animals have been bred to such extremes that sickness is inevitable , and the living conditions promote illness . Industry saw this problem from the beginning , but rather than accept less-productive animals , it compensated for the animals ' compromised immunity with drugs . As a result , farmed animals are fed antibiotics nontherapeutically : that is , before they get sick . In the United States , about 3 million pounds of antibiotics are given to humans each year , but a whopping 17.8 million pounds are fed to livestock -- at least , that is what the industry claims . The Union of Concerned Scientists estimated that the industry underreported its antibiotic use by at least 40 percent . The group calculated that 24.6 million pounds of antibiotics were fed to chickens , pigs and other farmed animals , counting only nontherapeutic uses . And that was in 2001 . In other words , for every dose of antibiotics taken by a sick human , eight doses are given to a "  healthy " animal . The implications for creating drug-resistant pathogens are quite straightforward . Study after study has shown that antimicrobial resistance follows quickly on the heels of the introduction of new drugs on factory farms . For example , in 1995 , when the Food and Drug Administration approved fluoroquinolones -- such as Cipro -- for use in chickens against the protest of the Centers for Disease Control , the percentage of bacteria resistant to this powerful new class of antibiotics rose from almost zero to 18 percent by 2002 . A broader study in the New England Journal of Medicine showed an eightfold increase in antimicrobial resistance from 1992 to 1997 and linked this increase to the use of antimicrobials in farmed chickens . As far back as the late 1960s , scientists have warned against the nontherapeutic use of antibiotics in farmed-animal feed . Today , institutions as diverse as the American Medical Association ; the Centers for Disease Control ; the Institute of Medicine , a division of the National Academy of Sciences ; and the World Health Organization have linked nontherapeutic antibiotic use on factory farms with increased antimicrobial resistance and called for a ban . Still , the factory farm industry has effectively opposed such a ban in the United States . And , unsurprisingly , the limited bans in other countries are only a limited solution . There is a glaring reason that the necessary total ban on nontherapeutic use of antibiotics has n't happened : The factory farm industry , allied with the pharmaceutical industry , has more power than public-health professionals . What is the source of the industry 's immense power ? We give it to them . We have chosen , unwittingly , to fund this industry on a massive scale by eating factory-farmed animal products . And we do so daily . The same conditions that lead at least 76 million Americans to become ill from their food annually and that promote antimicrobial resistance also contribute to the risk of a pandemic . At a remarkable 2004 conference , the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations , the World Health Organization and the World Organization for Animal Health  OIE  put their tremendous resources together to evaluate the available information on "  emerging zoonotic diseases " or those spread by humans-to - animals and animals-to-humans . At the time of the conference , H5N1 and SARS topped the list of feared emerging zoonotic diseases . Today , the H1N1 swine flu would be the pathogen enemy No. 1 . The scientists distinguished between "  primary risk factors " for zoonotic diseases and mere "  amplification risk factors , " which affect only the rate at which a disease spreads . Their examples of primary risk factors were "  change to an agricultural production system or consumption patterns . " What particular agricultural and consumer changes did they have in mind ? First in a list of four main risk factors was "  increasing demand for animal protein , " which is a way of saying that demand for meat , eggs , and dairy is a "  primary factor " influencing emerging zoonotic diseases . This demand for animal products , the report continues , leads to "  changes in farming practices . " Lest we have any confusion about the "  changes " that are relevant , poultry factory farms are singled out . Similar conclusions were reached by the Council for Agricultural Science and Technology , which brought together industry experts and experts from the WHO , OIE and USDA . Their 2005 report argued that a major impact of factory farming is "  the rapid selection and amplification of pathogens that arise from a virulent ancestor  frequently by subtle mutation  , thus there is increasing risk for disease entrance and/or dissemination . " Breeding genetically uniform and sickness-prone birds in the overcrowded , stressful , feces-infested and artificially lit conditions of factory farms promotes the growth and mutation of pathogens . The "  cost of increased efficiency , " the report concludes , is increased global risk for diseases . Our choice is simple : cheap chicken or our health . Today , the factory farm-pandemic link could n't be more lucid . The primary ancestor of the recent H1N1 swine flu outbreak originated at a hog factory farm in America 's most hog-factory-rich state , North Carolina , and then quickly spread throughout the Americas . It was in these factory farms that scientists saw , for the first time , viruses that combined genetic material from bird , pig and human viruses . Scientists at Columbia and Princeton Universities have actually been able to trace six of the eight genetic segments of the most feared virus in the world directly to U.S. factory farms . Perhaps in the back of our minds we already understand , without all the science , that something terribly wrong is happening . We know that it can not possibly be healthy to raise such grotesque animals in such grossly unnatural conditions . We know that if someone offers to show us a film on how our meat is produced , it will be a horror film . We perhaps know more than we care to admit , keeping it down in the dark places of our memory -- disavowed . When we eat factory-farmed meat , we live on tortured flesh . Increasingly , those sick animals are making us sick . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jonathan Safran Foer .	Jonathan Safran Foer : Inhumane way we raise animals for slaughter poisons us all Foer : Factory farming tied to global warming , swine and bird flu , other illnesses He says animals loaded with antibiotics , live in gruesome conditions System driven by food and pharmaceutical industries ; Foer asks : Why no outcry ?
CNN  -- The bonds we renew in person between friends and family as we visit during the holiday season get reactivated online after we all go home . This is the time when feast and Facebook go hand-in-hand . And as it turns out , these two activities are more related than you might imagine . Two years ago , we published a study in the New England Journal of Medicine that showed weight gain could spread from one person to others in our real-life social networks . When we gain weight , so do people who are one "  degree of separation " from us : our friends , siblings , spouses , and co-workers . The effect does n't stop there . It also spreads to people who are two degrees removed from us , like our friends ' spouses , or our siblings ' co-workers , or our friends ' friends . In fact , it even spreads to three degrees of separation , to our friends ' friends ' friends . Our social networks contain large interconnected clusters of people who gain weight in parallel . Several social processes might explain the appearance of such clusters . One reason might be a kind of social contagion , whereby behaviors or attitudes related to body size flow through the network . On the other hand , although a pair of friends might influence each other , they also might choose to be friends with one another because they were similar in the first place . Or they might both react the same way to something in their environment , like a new doughnut shop down the street . Teasing these effects apart requires the right kind of data . When we followed thousands of people and mapped their social networks over 32 years , we found that obesity can spread from person to person to person . Today , when people say "  social network , " they usually think of Facebook , Twitter , or MySpace , and not necessarily the kinds of real-world networks we studied . Connection and contagion are so fundamentally rooted in our evolutionary psychology that they carry over even to very modern aspects of our lives -- including e-mail , blogs , and social networking sites . Alas , our study only went up to 2003 , before online social networks became so popular . So a natural question to ask was whether the same clusters of overweight individuals exist online and , if so , under what circumstances . We started following a group of over 1,700 interconnected college students on Facebook about four years ago . In addition to all of their personal information and daily status updates and wall posts , we also had a very important resource : their photos . Although we could not put each of these students on a scale , we could study their photos and develop a systematic way to estimate each student 's weight . It 's true that people tend to post only flattering pictures of themselves , but , since everyone does this , we can still get an idea of who is relatively heavier than whom . And , it turns out that roughly a quarter of the people in our study were overweight or obese , which is close to the figure for college students nationwide . At first , when we analyzed the whole Facebook network , we were surprised to find no evidence of clustering . There did not seem to be any relationship between your weight and the weight of your Facebook friends . But we soon realized that this makes sense . Our previous work showed that the social contagion of obesity only works between people who have close social relationships . Even though we may have 1,000 "  friends " online , the very tenuousness of these relationships means they may not be as powerful as a single real-world connection . So , you probably wo n't gain weight if just any old Facebook friend does . But what about your Facebook friends who are real friends -- the old-fashioned kind you had over to dinner at Thanksgiving ? Do they affect us ? And how might it be possible to figure out which Facebook connections are also important , real-world connections ? One idea we had was to use the tagged photos that people share with one another online . If you upload a picture of someone , the chances are good that you have a real-world connection with them . In fact , while the average student in our sample has over 110 Facebook friends , they have only six "  picture friends , " a number very similar to the number of "  close " friends people list when asked in sociology studies . It turned out that when we restricted our analysis to "  picture friends , " we found evidence that overweight people cluster on Facebook . The results suggest that if one of your picture friends is obese , it increases the likelihood that you are obese by 11 percent . And , even more remarkably , if a picture friend of your picture friend is overweight , it increases the likelihood you 'll be overweight by 4 percent . In other words , we find evidence that clusters of overweight friends extend two degrees of separation on Facebook . Many processes could underlie this clustering online , just as was the case in the offline world . Perhaps people are more likely to befriend others who resemble them in terms of body size . Perhaps groups of online friends share exposures to things that make all of them gain -- or lose -- weight in synchrony . Or perhaps when one of your close friends online gains weight , you follow suit . It is not yet clear which of these processes is occurring , but this is the first evidence we 've seen that suggests the online world may be like the offline world when it comes to body size . Of course , picture friends and real-life friends are likely to be one and the same . In fact , the reason we looked just at picture friends is because we think it is these real-world connections that are most likely to be the paths through which emotions and behaviors are transmitted from person to person to person . Facebook , MySpace , and Twitter give us new ways to keep in touch , but in many ways our online networks are really just an extension of the real-world networks that we have all inhabited for hundreds of thousands of years . Online as well as offline , human beings connect with each other and influence each other , and this influence can spread in a social chain reaction in ever-more-modern ways . As you enjoy your festive meals this season , take a moment to consider how truly powerful a real social bond can be . The effect of friends and family on your life remains long after the last of the leftovers are eaten . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicholas Christakis and James Fowler .	Christakis and Fowler : During holidays , feast and Facebook go hand-in-hand . Authors ' study found weight gain can spread via real-life social networks Writers say Facebook and other online networks mimic those in real world Study of "  picture friends " on Facebook reflected same clustering of overweight pals
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The number of people killed in a car bombing in Afghanistan 's capital rose to 26 , including six Italian soldiers , Afghan authorities said Saturday . The coffins of six Italian soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Kabul return to Rome . Sixteen people died in the blast Thursday , and at least 55 Afghan civilians were wounded . Ten have died from their injuries since the bombing . The explosion Thursday targeted a mostly residential area near the Supreme Court in Kabul , a witness said . The bodies of the Italian soldiers killed in the blast returned to Italy Sunday , their coffins draped in the red , green and white Italian flag . Dignitaries , relatives and row upon row of uniformed troops stood on the airport tarmac as the coffins were carried off the plane , television pictures from the scene showed . Watch more about Italy in mourning " Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano gently touched the caskets perched on the shoulders of grim-faced soldiers at Rome 's Ciampino military airport . Nearby , a woman shook uncontrollably as a baby sported a maroon beret -- the kind worn by the paratroopers killed in the Kabul attack . The six deaths marked largest number of Italians killed in a single day in Afghanistan . Watch more about Italy 's Afghan mission " Before the remains left for Rome , the Italian military , international troops and dignitaries held a service in the Afghan capital . "  It 's a tragedy for us , " Lt. Col. Renato Vaira of the Italian military said at the Kabul service . "  But this is a point to continue our mission . " "  We 'll miss them . They 're not the first . I hope it will be the last , " said Maj. Gen. Tommaso Ferro of the Italian military . The arrival of the soldiers ' remains was televised nationally in Italy . The bodies were taken for an autopsy . A day of mourning is scheduled in Italy on Monday , the same day as the burial service . After the attack , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said it would be "  best " for the country 's troops to leave Afghanistan as soon as possible . Berlusconi gave no timeline for a withdrawal , but said any pullout would have to be coordinated with allies . The 500 troops Italy sent to Afghanistan this summer will be home by Christmas , Ignazio La Russa , Italy 's defense minister said . The troops were sent ahead of the Afghan presidential election August 20 . The rest of Italy 's 2,800 troops in Afghanistan will withdraw only when NATO calls for it , La Russa said .	Explosion targeted a mostly residential area near the Supreme Court in Kabul Bodies of six Italian soldiers who died returned to Italy Sunday Italian Prime Minister says it would be "  best " for country 's troops to leave Afghanistan Deaths were the highest single-day death toll for Italy in the Afghan mission
CNN  -- China 's propaganda system appears to be working hard to belittle U.S. President Barack Obama before he heads to Asia for three key multilateral meetings . The open mockery of the Democratic Party 's loss in the midterm elections is likely an attempt to put the President on the defensive before he lands in Beijing on Monday . But it 's really little wonder that China is trying to change the subject from its own problems , both foreign and domestic . For a start , Chinese President Xi Jinping will want no trouble from a U.S. president as he executes his anti-corruption campaign , the primary purpose of which many believe is to consolidate and further centralize his power . Meanwhile , Xi is also dealing with a restive empire , including a democracy movement in Hong Kong and unrest in Xinjiang , which has seen terror attacks against Chinese civilians and paramilitary officers . Domestically , Xi is not helping matters by clamping down on Hong Kong residents ' rights or repressing the mostly peaceful population of Xinjiang . But China 's policies are also sparking problems regionally , as Xi continues to press China 's claims in the South and East China Seas , something Japan , the Philippines and Vietnam are all strongly resisting . Add in the fact that China 's long and successful run of rapid investment and export-led growth is coming to an end with slack global demand and growing Chinese debt , and it 's clear that Obama is arriving at a politically tense time in Beijing . Obama , of course , faces his own domestic political issues after the thumping his party received in Tuesday 's midterms , and the incoming Republican Senate majority will be eager to work with the President to get tougher on China and assert U.S. power and influence in Asia . With all this in mind , what should Obama be pushing for as he meets leaders from the region ? Here 's a five-point wish list for the President that will help get U.S. policy in the Asia-Pacific region on track : Bring the Trans-Pacific Partnership to a quick conclusion : The TPP -- a free-trade agreement that would involve 12 countries , including the United States -- is not only good for the American economy , but is also good for U.S. foreign policy . A successful negotiation of the agreement and quick ratification in Congress would demonstrate that only the U.S. can lead on trade liberalization in the Asia-Pacific region . Push back over South China Sea : Obama should have the Department of Defense announce , in conjunction with Southeast Asian friends and allies , that it is implementing new moves to counter Chinese coercive moves in the South China Sea . This initiative should include a major effort by the United States to develop a coalition maritime domain awareness system that would allow all friends and allies to have the same real-time intelligence and information about Chinese aggressive activities . This should be the building block for an allied defense organization in Asia . Reinvigorate Japan ties : The administration should work with Japan on a comprehensive plan to stop Chinese coercion in the East China Sea . Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has outlined a forward-leaning defense strategy with plenty of room for integration of air and naval forces . There is much Japan and the United States can do to ramp up shows of force and exercises to demonstrate that China will not gain anything through its continued harassment of Japanese commercial and defense assets in these seas . Be honest about China 's shortcomings : Obama should follow China 's cue and criticize the Chinese leadership . It is past time to speak forcefully about Xi 's failure to reform the Chinese economy and to bring up his human rights crackdown throughout China . It is also time to side with the growing number of Chinese who are fighting for basic human rights . Leverage America 's energy advantage : Obama should take advantage of the U.S. energy revolution to shore up alliances and friendships with major gas consumers , such as Taiwan , South Korea , and Japan . A public commitment by Obama while in Asia to fast-track licenses for companies seeking to export gas to friends and allies would be a serious demonstration of leadership . The reality is that China is trying to define Obama as a weak leader , and by extension , the United States as a weakening country . But structurally , the U.S. is far stronger than many assume . It has close friends and allies in the region , it is becoming a net energy producer , it has the world 's most powerful and tested military , and it has a set of principles and ideals that speak to universal hopes . China has none of these things . During his time in Asia , Obama can begin to reverse the dangerous perception of a U.S. that is weakening while China rises . This week offers as good a time as any to start pushing back .	Dan Blumenthal : Chinese media have openly mocked Democrats ' midterm loss Chinese leader likely wants to distract from domestic problems , he writes Obama should reinvigorate ties with Japan , he says
CNN  -- Writing in his will in 1895 , Alfred Nobel designated who should determine the winners of the annual prizes which he intended to be established after his death . Alfred Nobel 's statue in Stockholm . Nobel laid down who should nominate prizewinners in his will . Since its inception in 1901 , the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize has been chosen , in accordance with Nobel 's wishes , by a five-member committee of lawmakers elected by the Norwegian parliament , the Storting , and assisted by specially-appointed expert advisers . The 2009 committee is headed by Thorbjørn Jagland , a former Norwegian prime minister and the current president of the Storting . The decision-making process starts in September , more than a year before the winner of the prize is announced , when the committee sends out letters to qualified individuals inviting them to nominate contenders -- either individuals , joint individuals or organizations -- for the peace prize . Qualified individuals include members of national assemblies , governments , international courts , heads of universities and academics and previous Nobel laureates . The names of nominees and other information about the deliberation process are kept secret for 50 years . No-one can nominate themselves . The deadline for nominations closes in February when the committee begins its work whittling scores of contenders down to a shortlist , typically of between five and 20 names . Expert advisers are then recruited to provide additional information about the remaining candidates and evaluate their merits . The winner of the prize is decided by a majority vote of committee members at the start of October . Unlike the other Nobel prizes , which are awarded in Stockholm , the peace prize ceremony and laureate 's lecture takes place in Oslo in December .	Alfred Nobel determined who would decide winners in his will establishing prizes Peace prize decided by five-person committee elected by Norwegian parliament Committee invites nominees from hundreds of qualified nominators Nominees are then shortlisted and winner is decided by majority vote
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Graphic footage of death and destruction has been shown on China 's state-run news networks in the days following the massive earthquake that hit southwest Sichuan province earlier this week . Such telling video has rarely been shown by domestic media so extensively and so quickly after a national disaster . CCTV , China 's state-run television network , as well as some local TV stations , have interrupted their regular programming to provide 24-hour coverage of the disaster . Field reporters give live reports of search-and rescue operations . News about China 's deadly earthquake is being updated around the clock -- tallying death tolls , the horrendous damage and the government 's swift response . Footage shows Premier Wen Jiabao surrounded by grieving villagers , his arms tightly holding two young girls . "  Your sorrow is our sorrow , " he assures them . "  As long as people are still alive , we can start all over again . " Premier Wen traveled to the disaster areas within hours of the massive earthquake . Chinese television covered his movements while leading rescue operations and comforting people in distress . Wearing a hard hat , he was shown standing on rubble and consoling trapped survivors through a loud speaker . The message is compelling : This disaster is terrible but the government is doing everything it can . Such swift reaction and extensive news coverage has not been seen in previous disasters . When the Great Tangshan earthquake struck 32 years ago , the Chinese media kept the information secret for a long time , even though over 240,000 people were killed . In the early stages of the 2003 SARS outbreak , domestic media downplayed reports on the deadly epidemic , even as it spiraled out of control and spread globally . More recently , severe snowstorms hit southern China during Spring Festival , the nation 's most important holiday . Local media initially downplayed the crisis , following the government 's cue ; Premier Wen Jiabao was later forced to apologize for the government 's slow response . With the Beijing Olympics just three months away , China is in the spotlight . Wenran Jiang , acting director of the Chinese Institute at the University of Alberta , believes the nation has drawn lessons from its past experiences with disaster . "  China made mistakes before . They seemed to have learned their lessons from the earlier episodes and this one -- they probably want to manage it as well as they can . " Watch latest report on rescue efforts " Why China 's new approach ? Jiang notes that "  the media follow-up is quite transparent , " in part because it "  is politically less sensitive covering such a natural disaster . " Besides , Chinese officials see tangible benefits in allowing media transparency . By showing the leaders helping people and coordinating search and rescue efforts , he explains , "  the result is that the whole -LSB- of -RSB- China is being mobilized . The disaster has now become a rallying point of the country . " Experts in the region note the stark contrast between China 's open response in the aftermath of the earthquake and Myanmar 's defensive , clumsy response in the aftermath of a deadly cyclone earlier this month . Unlike its southern neighbor , China appears open to accepting international help and providing accurate information . Chinese officials say they welcome offers of sympathy and international assistance . Aid groups have been on standby , ready to help as soon as the Chinese government gives the green light . Officials say that will come "  when the time is ripe . " Today 's more open , quick and aggressive reporting is a stark departure from China 's poor performance in recent years .	Graphic footage of death , destruction has been shown on state-run networks TV stations have interrupted regular shows to provide 24-hour coverage Swift reaction , extensive news coverage not seen in previous disasters When earthquake struck 32 years ago , Chinese media kept information secret
LONDON , England  CNN  -- They are the tales of two very different people . Director Danny Boyle 's film "  Slumdog Millionaire " shines a stark light on poverty in India . One an amoral businessman pouring out his life story to the Chinese Premier , the other a lovelorn teenager appearing on "  Kaun Banega Crorepati , " the Indian version of "  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? " But if their protagonists are polar opposites , both stories -- one as told in Aravind Adiga 's best-selling novel "  The White Tiger , " the other in "  Slumdog Millionaire , " the new movie from "  Trainspotting " director Danny Boyle -- have much in common . Both are based in modern day India , both feature characters who succeed against all the odds , and both have garnered considerable critical acclaim , with "  Slumdog Millionaire " recently awarded the three top prizes at the British Independent Film Awards . "  Slumdog , " which is set in Mumbai , has also assumed a particularly poignant resonance in light of the recent terror attacks that left 174 people dead . Above all , both narratives shine a stark light on poverty -- an aspect of Indian society that has increasingly been pushed into the background by a decade and more of upbeat headlines about the country 's dramatic economic growth . "  The growth aspect has tended to receive much more attention than the darker side of the Indian story , " Professor Babu Mathew , Country Director of Action Aid India , told CNN , "  More and more the poverty goes unnoticed , and there is less and less of a voice for the excluded peoples . " The breadth of the divide between what Aravind Adiga calls the "  India of Light , " and the "  India of Darkness , " is both dramatic and shocking . Since 1991 when "  neo-liberal " market reforms were introduced , India 's economy has ballooned . From 1991 to 2004 , the world 's largest democracy grew at 6.5 percent annually , a figure which increased to over 9 percent between 2005 and 2007 . The result has been a massive explosion of wealth creation among the middle and upper echelons of Indian society , with Indian billionaires now occupying four of the top eight slots on the annual Forbes rich list . While growth has benefited one section of society , it has left a vast swathe of the population lagging far behind . "  People in urban areas , the rich , the middle classes , the educated -- all of these have benefited from economic growth , " Dr Arun Kumar of Development Alternatives Group , a sustainable development organization based in Delhi , told CNN , "  Those who have not benefited are the small farmers , the rural poor , the artisans -- for these their situation has worsened . " Nisha Agrawal , CEO of Oxfam India , agrees . "  Economic growth has been primarily focused on manufacturing and services and largely in urban areas , " she told CNN , "  Rural agriculture has not received the kind of attention it deserves . And since the bulk of poor people derive their incomes from agriculture , that has left us with two Indias , one rich , one impoverished . " Even a cursory glance at the statistics reveals a problem on a huge scale . According to World Bank estimates , 456 million people -- just over 40 percent of India 's population of 1.2 billion -- now live on less than $ 1.25 per day , a sum recognized as the international poverty line . Almost half of India 's children are malnourished ; 1000 die every day from diarrhea ; hundreds of millions have no access to proper sanitation . These figures provide a grim counterpoint to the glitzy high-rises and designer shopping malls that have sprung up throughout the country 's major cities . How to narrow this gulf between the haves and the have-nots is a fiendishly complex issue and one that has no quick or easy solutions . More investment in basic infrastructure is seen as crucial , as is a reform of international trade agreements . "  Import and energy prices have increased for farmers , but global markets are not opening up for Indian agricultural products , " Agrawal told CNN , "  That needs to change . " Greater access to institutional finance , the creation of new jobs and economic opportunities , and the spread of information technology all have a major role to play . "  We already have small pockets of improvement , " says Arun Kumar , "  But these involve limited numbers in limited geographies . "  We need to scale everything up . It is a huge challenge . " The global economic problems have not bypassed India . Inflation is now running close to 12 percent and the Mumbai Stock Exchange has almost halved in value from a peak in January 2008 . Sensex -- the Bombay Stock Exchange Sensitive Index -- has not registered any significant drop as a result of the recent Mumbai attacks , and it remains to be seen what the longer term effect will be on the Indian economy . Nonetheless , these difficult and uncertain times may make the challenge of poverty reduction an even harder one . Will India be able to successfully reduce the gap between rich and poor ? Leave your comments in the SoundOff box below Both Kumar and Agrawal remain hopeful that change is coming to India , albeit slowly . "  We are eternal optimists , " says Kumar , "  I do believe things are changing . " "  The government recognizes that people do n't just want a high level of growth , " adds Agrawal , "  But also growth that is more equalizing . We need to bring the two Indias together , and I believe we can do it . " Despite their optimism , the problems remain vast , and the darkness intense . For the foreseeable future it seems likely the question most on the minds of India 's 456 million poor will be less "  Who wants to be a millionaire ? " than "  Will I be able to feed myself and my family today ? "	Danny Boyle 's "  Slumdog Millionaire " shines a light on slum-dwellers in India Huge growth means four of top eight billionaires on Forbes rich list are Indian But the new wealth has bypassed India 's 456 million poor Nisha Agrawal of Oxfam says there are : "  two Indias , one rich , one impoverished "
Half of Americans believe Republican control of both chambers of Congress will be bad for the country , and a majority say it will in fact cause more gridlock in Washington , according to a new CNN/ORC nationwide poll . But the poll also shows the Republican Party 's brand has improved over the past year , and they now are only slightly less popular than the Democratic Party . Democratic Party approval levels , meanwhile , have remained static . According to the survey , 50 percent of Americans believe the GOP taking control of the House and the Senate next year will be bad for America , and 52 percent expect it to lead to more gridlock . Another 37 percent , however , expect to see no difference in the levels of gridlock in Congress . But Americans seem to believe the GOP should be the ones to budge . Sixty-eight percent of Americans polled say the GOP is n't cooperating enough with President Barack Obama , while 57 percent say it 's Obama who 's not cooperating enough with the GOP . Democrats remain the more popular of the two parties -- but not by much . Forty-four percent of Americans view the Democratic Party favorably , to the 50 percent who view it unfavorably . But Republicans have rebounded since October of 2013 , increasing their favorability by 11 percent . Now , 41 percent of Americans view the Republican Party favorably , while 52 percent view it negatively . Obama remains underwater in the poll as well , with 48 percent of respondents viewing him favorably while 51 percent view him unfavorably . Obama 's persistently low approval rating contributed to his party 's resounding defeat this midterm election cycle , and the Republican Party regaining control of the Senate . Indeed , the CNN/ORC poll shows that a vast majority of Americans -- 74 percent -- saw the GOP 's wins earlier this month as a repudiation of Democratic policies , far more than the 16 percent who saw it as a mandate for Republicans to pass their own . And there 's one proposal in particular being floated by some Republicans that does n't sit well with Americans -- a potential government shutdown . Only 17 percent of Americans would see it as no problem at all if the government shut down for a few days . A fifth would see it as a crisis , and another 39 percent would see it as a major problem . A shutdown lasting weeks would be seen as even more dire for Americans . Thirty-nine percent would see such a shutdown as a crisis at that point , and another 38 percent would see it as a major problem . Some Republicans have suggested the party should attach a measure defunding implementation of the President 's unilateral action on deportations to a must-pass spending bill as a way to respond to what they see as an unlawful abuse of executive power . Obama has indicated he 'd veto any such approach , however , effectively shutting down the government . While some of the GOP proponents of such a tactic have argued the party could avoid responsibility for the shutdown , the CNN/ORC poll suggests that , regardless of the reason , Republicans would take the blame . Fifty percent of Americans say Republicans would be more responsible for a shutdown , while 33 percent would peg the blame on the president . The CNN/ORC poll was conducted among 1,045 adults via telephone from Nov. 21-23 , and has a margin of error of 3 percentage points .	A new CNN/ORC poll finds 50 percent of Americans think GOP control of Congress will be bad for America Sixty-eight percent of Americans believe the GOP is n't cooperating enough with the President The GOP brand has begun to rebound , now only slightly lagging Democrats in terms of popularity
CNN  -- His long hair has been shaved off , he has to wear a Marine 's uniform and is given orders like a soldier , but Udi Segal is not in the military -- he has in fact refused to join the Israel Defense Forces . He may have refused to join then , but he 's still forced to look like a soldier in prison . The 19-year-old has been in prison for 20 days . He 's a "  refuser " -- the name given to conscientious objectors who refuse to join the Israeli military on political and ethical grounds . We drove from Jerusalem to Carmel Prison , near Altit , at 6 a.m. -- Udi was due to be released for the weekend and we were meeting his parents at the gates as they were expecting his release anytime between 8 and 9:30 a.m. . As we wait , I witness an impatient mother anxious to see her son , pacing . He is her "  baby , " the youngest of three boys . But this mother has found herself at the heart of a divide in Israeli thinking , a society sometimes split between patriotic , isolationist thought and inclusion . Hevda Livnat has two other sons serving in the military , one of whom is in Operation Protective Edge in Gaza . The boys in the military did n't want to appear on camera or talk to us . When I ask Hevda about her feelings about the differences amid her family , she shrugs and says simply , as only a mother can : "  They 're all my boys . " His father Davidi Segal at first seems uncomfortable with not only our presence , but his son 's choices . But that all slipped away pretty fast when they saw Udi . The teenager is questioned before release , and finally emerges at 10:30 a.m. . The father hugs him and cheers . They are "  happy to see his smile " says Udi 's mother and "  relieved " says his father . But he 's only out for the weekend and must return -- it 's only then he 'll be told how long he 's back in for -- possibly another 20 days . This process can go on for months . First stop for the teenager -- a plate of hummus -- and then time , to sit down with me to discuss his carefully considered political and ethical views . I learn that the family lives in a "  Kibbutz " or Jewish commune in the north of Israel and Udi 's views were formed at an early age in a joint Arab-Israeli  or Muslim-Jewish  school . "  I understood that Arabs can be my friends , Arabs are not at all my enemies , they are my neighbors . " Why not join the army for the sake of military service , I ask him . "  If I would n't be a fighter and I 'd just sit in an office , someone else would fight , someone else will kill people , someone else will occupy and also I would occupy -- I will support a system that occupies . " But does Udi really think being a refuser can change anything ? He is after all in a minority . "  I know my step wo n't stop the occupation but what I hope to do is that people will see I refuse and will think twice before they join the army ; if they 're now in the army they 'll think twice before they 're pushing the button and killing people in Gaza , " he explains . At this point I ask him about his brother , who is in the IDF and has been serving in Gaza . "  There is debate ... but there is still brotherhood , " he replies . Udi 's mother has accepted her sons ' choices . She hopes her sons in the military can be at peace with their actions but respects their choice to do their duty . And Udi 's decision , she says , did n't come as a surprise , she has watched him develop his political thought . She says the family has learned from it . "  We need these people , as a mother of course I ask why my son , but we need these voices to be heard . We should n't be afraid . Nothing will happen to Israel if 400 people say we 're not going to Gaza . " In fact she likes the idea of citizens challenging politicians . She tells me she does n't want Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to feel too comfortable sitting in his seat of power while this conflict continues . In an interesting take Udi tells me , even as an Israeli citizen , he too feels "  occupied , " a concept I had n't considered . "  The basic freedom that people do n't get in Gaza , also in West Bank , also here in Israel , is because of the occupation . Because of the occupation , I live in a military society , in a violent society , a chauvinistic society . " The Israel Defense Force would n't tell CNN how many teenagers are enlisted into military service every year for , they say , security reasons . Neither would they share the number of refusers . Udi 's parents , Hevda and Davidi , both served in the military . While they 're proud to have children making independent decisions , there is a mixture of confusion and concern amid their openness . His father , who at first I thought was against his son 's decision , is not so much opposed to it , as concerned . He is not sure Udi understands the complex situation , which he says he hates . Neither side is right or entirely to blame , he explains : "  Hamas is wrong and Israel is no angel . " He however , sees a combined military and political solution to the situation . But he wants to be able to debate with his son who has ended the discussion and made up his mind . Udi 's mother has accepted his path but is concerned his decision may have repercussions . Are you scared of the backlash ? I ask Udi . "  I get messages in my Facebook and email -- that people want to kill me , I 'm a traitor ... But I 'm fine , I 'm not scared . " Udi is clear , he does n't support Hamas -- he does n't believe they 're helping the Palestinian cause at all . They are also not helping their own people . But neither does he support Israel 's response to Hamas 's rockets . But what would he say to people who say he 's not being patriotic or respectful of his country ? He is forceful . Confident and without thinking twice responds . "  I do n't want to respect my country , I do n't want to be patriotic , I want to respect people , not countries . " Military service is compulsory by law in Israel . Men must serve three years ; women must serve two . Everywhere we go in Israel we see teenagers in military fatigues carrying their guns , a badge of honor , a reminder this country considers itself under threat and has the right to self defense . To stand out from such a strong national narrative is n't easy . But Udi is clear , he 's no hero , it 's not about courage or even about him . "  This is also one of the problems that people look at me that I 'm brave , -LSB- but -RSB- I do n't want them to look at me that I 'm brave , I want them to look at the occupation . The Israeli military points out that not all are conscientious objectors like Udi . But some Israeli teenagers do say no . Udi is not alone , he is one of 130 young Israelis who wrote to Netanyahu -- not only refusing to serve but criticizing Israeli politics , policy and accusing the state of war crimes -- an allegation the state rejects . Later in the evening , on his first of just two days out , he takes time to meet his friends ... and other refusers who have held a party for him . The group call themselves the "  Conscientious Objectors against the Occupation " and operate through word of mouth and Facebook . They are Israeli boys and girls who feel their voice too should be heard . They posted their letter on Facebook and invite people to sign it . I meet several of them that evening who signed the letter to the PM . These are incredibly politicized young people who want to break free from the national narrative -- articulate teenage activists . Bar Levy , who is 16 and still at school , says : "  I do n't agree with what the army does . I think it 's immoral and it 's only hurting us and the Palestinians . " Daniel Elsohn is an 18-year-old social volunteer for Windows for Peace . "  I think the army plays a big role in getting our society militarized and getting our society very much concentrated around violence and repression and it is not something I want to take part in . " he says . Danielle Yaor , aged 19 , says : "  As a citizen ... I live because of the suffering of Palestinians and because of that I chose to be against the occupation . " Though not huge in number , their opinions and actions are adding to the debate inside Israel - a discourse these young Israelis hope will lead to a more open society . Yet the operations and conflict continue . Victoria Eastwood contributed to this report .	A "  refuser " has decided against joining the Israeli military on political and ethical grounds Israel is sometimes split between patriotic , isolationist thought and inclusion Udi Segal , 19 , is one of 130 young Israelis who wrote to their PM refusing to serve Though not huge in number , their opinions and actions are adding to the debate inside Israel
CNET  -- Republican politicians on Thursday called for a sweeping new federal law that would require all Internet providers and operators of millions of Wi-Fi access points , even hotels , local coffee shops , and home users , to keep records about users for two years to aid police investigations . U.S. Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , supporter of a bill that would require Internet user records to be saved for police . The legislation , which echoes a measure proposed by one of their Democratic colleagues three years ago , would impose unprecedented data retention requirements on a broad swath of Internet access providers and is certain to draw fire from businesses and privacy advocates . "  While the Internet has generated many positive changes in the way we communicate and do business , its limitless nature offers anonymity that has opened the door to criminals looking to harm innocent children , " U.S. Sen. John Cornyn , a Texas Republican , said at a press conference on Thursday . "  Keeping our children safe requires cooperation on the local , state , federal , and family level . " Joining Cornyn was Texas Rep. Lamar Smith , the senior Republican on the House Judiciary Committee , and Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , who said such a measure would let "  law enforcement stay ahead of the criminals . " Two bills have been introduced so far -- S. 436 in the Senate and H.R. 1076 in the House . Each of the companion bills is titled "  Internet Stopping Adults Facilitating the Exploitation of Today 's Youth Act , " or Internet Safety Act . Each contains the same language : "  A provider of an electronic communication service or remote computing service shall retain for a period of at least two years all records or other information pertaining to the identity of a user of a temporarily assigned network address the service assigns to that user . " Translated , the Internet Safety Act applies not just to AT&T , Comcast , Verizon , and so on -- but also to the tens of millions of homes with Wi-Fi access points or wired routers that use the standard method of dynamically assigning temporary addresses .  That method is called Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol , or DHCP . "  Everyone has to keep such information , " says Albert Gidari , a partner at the Perkins Coie law firm in Seattle who specializes in this area of electronic privacy law . The legal definition of electronic communication service is "  any service which provides to users thereof the ability to send or receive wire or electronic communications . " The U.S. Justice Department 's position is that any service "  that provides others with means of communicating electronically " qualifies . That sweeps in not just public Wi-Fi access points , but password-protected ones too , and applies to individuals , small businesses , large corporations , libraries , schools , universities , and even government agencies . Voice over IP services may be covered too . Under the Internet Safety Act , all of those would have to keep logs for at least two years . It "  covers every employer that uses DHCP for its network , " Gidari said . "  It covers Aircell on airplanes -- hose little pico cells will have to store a lot of data for those in-the-air Internet users . " In the Bush administration , Attorney General Alberto Gonzales had called for a very similar proposal , saying that subscriber information and network data should be logged for two years . Until Gonzales ' remarks in 2006 , the Bush administration had generally opposed laws requiring data retention , saying it had "  serious reservations " about them . But after the European Parliament approved such a requirement for Internet , telephone and VoIP providers , top administration officials began talking about the practice more favorably . After Gonzales left the Justice Department , the political will for data retention legislation seemed to ebb for a time , but then FBI Director Robert Mueller resumed lobbying efforts last spring . This tends to be a bipartisan sentiment : Attorney General Eric Holder , a Democrat , said in 1999 that "  certain data must be retained by ISPs for reasonable periods of time so that it can be accessible to law enforcement . " Rep. John Conyers , the Democratic chairman of the House Judiciary Committee , said that FBI proposals for data retention legislation "  would be most welcome . " Smith , who sponsored the House version of the Internet Safety Act , had previously introduced a one-year requirement as part of a law-and-order agenda in 2007 . A 1996 federal law called the Electronic Communication Transactional Records Act regulates data preservation . It requires Internet providers to retain any "  record " in their possession for 90 days "  upon the request of a governmental entity . " Because Internet addresses remain a relatively scarce commodity , ISPs tend to allocate them to customers from a pool based on whether a computer is in use at the time .  Two standard techniques used are the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol and Point-to-Point Protocol over Ethernet . In addition , Internet providers are required by another federal law to report child pornography sightings to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children , which is in turn charged with forwarding that report to the appropriate police agency . The Internet Safety Act is broader than just data retention . Other portions add criminal penalties to other child pornography-related offenses , increase penalties for sexual exploitation of minors , and give the FBI an extra $ 30 million for the "  Innocent Images National Initiative . " © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Politicians are calling for a federal law to save Internet users ' records for police use Law would apply to all Internet providers and operators of millions of Wi-Fi spots It would require providers to keep records for two years to aid police investigations Republican-led bill is certain to draw fire from businesses and privacy advocates
After meeting with NAACP leaders in Ferguson , Missouri , Sen. Rand Paul told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that the Republicans Party 's biggest mistake in recent decades has been not reaching out to African-American voters . The Kentucky Republican , who said his meeting went "  very well , " said he laid out his views on demilitarizing police , reforming the criminal justice system and boosting urban economies . "  I do n't want to characterize how everybody else feels about what I said , but I think it was a good opening to the conversation , " Paul said in an interview set to air Friday . "  I think in the Republican Party , the biggest mistake we 've made in the last several decades is we have n't gone into the African American community , into the NAACP and say you know what , we are concerned about what 's going on in your cities and we have plans . They may be different than the Democrats , but we do have plans and we do want to help . " According to his office , participants in the meeting included members of the NAACP , the Urban League and several local business and church leaders . Paul was one of the most outspoken Republicans about the police response to protests that followed the August shooting death of Michael Brown , an unarmed teenager who was killed by a police officer in Ferguson . Angry demonstrations erupted this week in St. Louis after another black teenager was fatally shot by a white police officer . Supporters of Brown were set to begin a weekend of marches and civil disobedience on Friday , dubbed the "  Weekend of Resistance . " "  There 's a sense of tension and unease that goes beyond just the shootings . I think the shooting has brought this to the surface , but there 's a sense of unease in the country , " Paul told Blitzer . "  Black unemployment is twice white unemployment and has been for decade after decade , " he added . "  I know this president cares about trying to improve it but it has n't gotten better . " Paul , who 's seriously considering a run for president , discouraged violent reactions to the shootings , saying "  violence gets nowhere , and it actually sends us backwards . " He instead encouraged people to channel any anger into registering voters . "  Then you could have constructive change in the community , " he continued , adding that the leaders of the community "  realize that . " Rand Paul : ` Fight for justice now ' on unfair sentencing Asked by Blitzer if Paul thinks he could garner African American support in a run for president , Paul said Republicans "  wo n't ever win again " unless they start competing for minority voters . "  We will not win again in our country because the country is a diverse country now , " he said . "  And we ca n't have one party that monopolizes the various ethnic group votes . " Paul said in the meeting he proposed his "  economic freedom zones " plan , which would aim to give tax incentives and financial breaks to depressed areas and neighborhoods in large cities , with the ultimate goal of stimulating the economy and drawing in more business . "  By dramatically lowering taxes in a city like Ferguson , you would have more job opportunities , less tension , and less of sort of this problem that develops from crime , " he said . Rand Paul : Police militarization , war on drugs is ` out of control ' The first-term senator stressed that his libertarian-leanings on the war on drugs makes it "  pretty easy " for him to speak out on the issue . He also highlighted legislation he 's proposed that would reform drug sentences and restore voting fights for felons convicted of nonviolent drug crimes . The senator has also been actively fighting against a Defense Department program that that provides military equipment to local police forces , emphasizing that the use of such equipment has gotten out of hand â $ " especially when it comes to the war on drugs . "  We 've got no business having no-knock raids at one in the morning , scaring the bejeezus out of people and getting them frightened , " he said . "  Drugs are a scourge . We need to keep our young people from using them ... But we need not to be filling up our prisons with these kids . We need not to be breaking down doors at two in the morning looking for drugs , sometimes in the wrong house . " His outreach to African-Americans comes after he was criticized in 2010 for questioning a portion of the 1964 Civil Rights Act dealing with the rights of private property owners to turn certain people away . Paul argued earlier this week in an interview that he was "  just a physician in a small town " at the time of his comments . "  Do you learn more about issues over time ? Sure , but I was never against the Civil Rights Act , " he said . Can Rand Paul break past controversy over Civil Rights Act ? John Gaskin III , spokesman for St. Louis County NAACP , said in a statement that Paul had called the local leaders to have a meeting . "  We were honored to have an informative discussion about the Senator regarding ways that he can help to assist our civil rights agenda in Washington and help to end police militarization , " Gaskin said .	Rand Paul talked to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer about his meeting in Ferguson , Missouri with the NAACP . He said Republicans have made a big mistake by not reaching out to black voters . Paul believes that local police forces have become too militarized . He also says he has solutions to help decrease "  racial outcomes " in the war on drugs .
CNN  -- The man now synonymous with hunting bad guys had no intention of a career catching fugitives . John Walsh was a hotel developer in south Florida , living a seemingly idyllic life with his wife and son , when a horrific tragedy changed his life -- and the lives of thousands of strangers . Here are five things to know about the host of CNN 's The Hunt with John Walsh : 1 . His son was kidnapped and killed Walsh 's life unraveled in 1981 when his 6-year-old son , Adam , was abducted from a mall near their home in Hollywood , Florida . Two weeks after Adam 's disappearance , his severed head was discovered in a canal 120 miles away from the mall . The devastation led Walsh to dedicate himself to catching fugitives and seeking justice for crime victims . 2 . Helping nab the bad guys is his mission For more than a decade , Walsh was known as the host of America 's Most Wanted -- a groundbreaking show that put fugitives ' profiles in the national spotlight . The FBI credits America 's Most Wanted for leading to the capture of 17 of the fugitives who have appeared on the agency 's 10 Most Wanted list . Walsh says 1,200 suspects have been caught as a result of the show . What was one of his best gets ? Walsh says he accomplished in three days what the FBI could n't do in 18 years : finding and capturing murderer John List , who killed his wife and three children . 3 . He 's a co-founder of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children Before Adam Walsh 's kidnapping and death , there was no national database on missing children . Law enforcement officers could enter information on stolen cars , stolen guns and stolen jewelry -- but there was no central place to keep information on missing children . So John Walsh and his wife Reve pushed Congress to pass the Missing Children Act , which led to the creation of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . According to its website , the center has helped law enforcement find more than 196,000 missing children since it was founded in 1984 . "  Our recovery rate for missing children has grown from 62 percent in 1990 to 97 percent today , " the center says . The site is n't just for law enforcement officers and missing children 's families . At least one young woman discovered she was abducted as a newborn by using the database . Carlina White , now 27 , knew something was amiss when the woman who claimed to be her mother did n't resemble her and could n't provide her birth certificate . So she logged onto the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children and found what turned out to be her baby picture -- eventually solving her own kidnapping . After reading about White 's case , a Philadelphia man who was adopted from an orphanage also searched the database and found a baby photo of himself . His father had reported him missing three decades earlier . 4 . Elizabeth Smart 's family counts Walsh among her rescuers After her abduction at age 14 , Elizabeth Smart was held captive for nine months . She was starved , threatened , tortured and raped on a daily basis . While she was missing and her family searched for answers , her father Ed Smart turned to Walsh . "  He said , ` Be straight with me . Tell me what the odds are . You 're the one guy who can tell me the truth , ' " Walsh told CNN in 2010 . "  And I said , ` You know what Ed , 99 % of the cases I do have a very unhappy ending . You 're lucky to find the remains , if you do . ' " But Walsh put a photo of Elizabeth 's suspected kidnapper on America 's Most Wanted . Days after watching the show , a woman spotted the suspect in suburban Salt Lake City . 5 . Walsh also has a connection to the Ariel Castro case For roughly a decade , Ariel Castro kept three young women captive in his Ohio home , abusing and raping his victims in what became known as the "  house of horrors . " Walsh profiled two of the missing women -- Georgina "  Gina " DeJesus and Amanda Berry -- several times on America 's Most Wanted . In a bizarre twist , it was Castro 's daughter Arlene who appeared on the show to appeal for help in finding her friend DeJesus -- unaware that her father was actually hiding and abusing DeJesus in his home .	John Walsh started a career in victim advocacy after his son was abducted and killed More than 1,200 suspects were caught due to his show America 's Most Wanted Walsh is now the host of CNN 's The Hunt with John Walsh He is also a co-founder of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
CNN  -- What 's at stake in the conflict between the West and Russia over Ukraine is not just the future of Crimea , it 's the future of international order . Some weeks ago , Crimea was a remote place , to historians known as the center of a war in the 1850s , while ordinary people would have associated it with some kind of sparkling alcoholic beverage . But suddenly and unexpectedly , Crimea has become a geopolitical hotspot in a conflict between Russia and the West that seems to be straight out of a Cold War playbook . Moscow has raised the stakes dramatically with a de facto annexation of this region , which is home of an important Russian naval base and inhabited by a population whose majority is oriented towards Russia  while an important minority , among them the Cossacks , is strongly attached to Ukraine  . It is unclear at the moment whether President Vladimir Putin sees this only as a first step , which may be followed by an invasion of other parts of southern and eastern Ukraine . What is clear is that Russia is not going to leave anytime soon . ` Soviet Union lite ' The tactics and strategies of de facto-annexation have already been displayed in the Georgian regions Abkhazia and South Ossetia after the Russian-Georgian war in 2008 ; we 're likely to see them now in Crimea . Under the cover of sham legality , the region will in essence be fully controlled by Moscow . The current leadership in the Kremlin has never accepted that Ukraine , which achieved independence in 1991 , is a sovereign state . It considers Ukraine to be in its sphere of influence , which means that on important issues the country must -- in Russia 's view -- ask Moscow for permission . Putin 's broader plan is to recreate some kind of "  Soviet Union lite , " a ring of countries under Moscow 's control , with the goal of boosting Russia 's geopolitical standing . Ukraine is the cornerstone of that project . The downfall of President Yanukovych and the triumph of the popular Maidan movement in Ukraine have signaled to Moscow , however , that it is losing its grip on Ukraine and that its grand strategy is going nowhere . As the new government in Kiev appears committed to a close association with the EU and as Putin had lost indirect means of control , he decided to use armed force to win Ukraine back -- or at least to deny the West what he sees , in his terms , as the West 's victory . Moscow has been consistent in viewing Ukraine as a satellite country but the West has constantly ignored the risk that Russia could use armed force there . Yes , there was the precedent of the war in Georgia , but back then Moscow had at least some arguments to back up its narrative of a humanitarian intervention , while the Georgian side lost its nerve and acted preemptively . And the U.S. and the EU were all too happy to accept Moscow 's version of events and continue to do business as usual . The Ukrainian situation is different in many regards . First , there were no serious ethnic tensions that could serve as a pretext for Russian intervention . Second , Ukraine lies between the EU and Russia , which means that the West simply can not ignore a Russian aggression because of geographic proximity . Thirdly , the EU is already deeply involved in Ukraine . In the case of Ukraine , the West is not going to accept Moscow 's narrative . This is too obviously a case of aggression -- the use of force violating Ukraine 's sovereignty . But Putin must have calculated that nevertheless the price for challenging the West over Ukraine wo n't be too high -- that the West is not going to unite behind a strong response . Western cracks Is he right ? Signs of disagreement about the proper response are visible . On Sunday , German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier publicly voiced doubts about the proposal to exclude Russia from the G8 . Berlin 's tactic is to continue to act as if Russia were ultimately a constructive partner , which just has to be brought back to its senses through intense dialogue . While Berlin wants to offer carrots to bring Moscow back on the path of virtue , others think the time for sticks has come . Washington is preparing measures to step up economic pressure . But inside the EU there is no unity about the proper reaction . The West is far from a united stand and a forceful response . Worse , instead of keeping their differences behind closed doors , Western cracks are all too visible , emboldening Putin . It 's safe to assume that the Western reaction is shaping Putin 's course of action . Moscow fears isolation and economic retaliation . The money that permits the Russian leadership to pursue costly and risky foreign policy adventures comes in large part from the EU , as payment for gas and oil . And substantial parts of the investments of the Russian elite are in the EU as well . But it does n't look as if the West is using its leverage . This caution may backfire . It may incentivize Putin to go beyond the de facto-annexation of Crimea and try to split larger parts away from Ukraine . Western policymakers should raise their game and understand what is at stake . If Russia goes beyond Crimea , there is the risk of a major war with Ukraine . No government can simply watch as another country invades its territory . Acting like an empire Beyond Ukraine , this conflict is also a defining moment for future Russian foreign policy . If Moscow succeeds in Ukraine , it will come to the conclusion that it can act like an empire . An empire has no borders and does n't respect the borders of others . Moscow 's pretext of protecting allegedly threatened Russian passport-holders could be used against many countries . If the operation in Ukraine succeeds , it will scare many neighboring countries and prompt them to try to buy off Russia . Safe borders and sovereignty are core principles of the global order , enshrined in the United Nations charter and in other documents -- many of which Russia has signed . Russia is a stakeholder in this system , its U.N. Security Council seat is an important element in ensuring its standing as a great power . It is also in Russia 's interests to insist on the sanctity of borders as it has itself a stronger neighbor on its south-eastern side -- China . Moscow can not put the sovereignty of others into question without risking its own sovereignty . Power vacuum What is at stake in Ukraine is broader than just the region . If the EU and U.S. accept Russia 's land grab , they weaken the foundations of today 's international order , born out of the ashes of World War II and enshrined in the U.N. charter . A situation where powerful states set conditions according to their own interests and weaker ones have no choice but to accept is precisely what this charter is aimed at preventing . If one state can invade another without being attacked , without having an international mandate and a clear backing by international norms  such as the responsibility to protect  , the foundations of today 's international order will be at risk . In the past , it was the U.S. that promoted and guaranteed the U.N.-order . In the role of a global quasi-sovereign , and faced with major threats , it sometimes violated this principle itself . But these were exceptions to the overall beneficial role the U.S. played in the promotion of a liberal democratic order . Nowadays , however , Washington is diminishing its global footprint , with its taxpayers no longer willing to bear the biggest chunk of the burden to uphold world order . The Kremlin has sensed a power vacuum and is stepping in . Now the West must decide whether to accept the new rules Russia is setting in its neighborhood -- or whether it has the power and strength to defend an order which has brought it decades of freedom , security and prosperity . Read more : Russia blasted for military buildup Read more : Ukraine vs. Russia - who 's stronger Map : How Ukraine is divided The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ulrich Speck .	What 's at stake in Ukraine is not just Crimea 's future , but the world order , Ulrich Speck says He says Moscow has never accepted Ukraine 's sovereignty and considers it in its sphere Putin 's broader plan is to create a "  Soviet Union lite " with Ukraine the cornerstone , he says Speck says the West must now decide whether to accept Russia 's rules
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A U.S. professor claims he has identified the parts of the brain that help to make someone a good leader . Pierre Balthazard is using EEG to find out what parts of the brain are involved in leadership . Pierre Balthazard , an associate professor at the Carey School of Business at Arizona State University , also says he can use neuroscientific techniques to help people improve the skills that play a part in leadership . Balthazard uses electroencephalography  EEG  to produce a "  brain map " of his subjects . By attaching electrodes to their heads , he says he can measure electrical activity generated by neurons in their brain . Much of his work has focused on calibrating the EEG data with standard psychometric tests , and now Balthazard says that just by looking at someone 's brain map he can predict their capacity for certain traits linked to leadership . "  From someone 's brain map I can tell if someone would rank high , medium or low on a psychometric assessment of their transformational leadership , and just that is an earth-shattering finding , " he told CNN . He has been working with the U.S. military to produce a model that will allow them to scan soldiers ' brains for complexity . The idea is that more complex brains produce better situational awareness and adaptive thinking -- essential skills for the modern soldier , who must be able to transition from front-line combat to nation building . He refers to traits like complexity and transformational leadership as antecedents to leadership itself . But for Balthazard , the ability to assess these skills is only half the story . What really excites him is the possibility of brain training and improving leadership skills . "  If you could only assess and not develop then it 's only an exercise in social engineering , and that 's of no interest to me , " he said . Balthazard explained that brains can be trained using positive and negative reinforcement , in the same way that disorders like ADD are treated . A subject is wired to software programmed to recognize "  correct " functioning of a specific part of the brain . If the brain is n't performing correctly , there is a negative reinforcement , such as a noise emitted from a speaker at an unpleasant frequency . "  The brain is amazing at adjusting so it does n't get the negative feedback , " he told CNN . But others think it may prove difficult to develop something as intangible as leadership . Dr Bob Kentridge , a member of the Cognitive Neuroscience Research Unit at Durham University , in England , told CNN , "  Even if you find differences in the brains of people with different leadership abilities , it 's very difficult to say if that difference is just related to leadership . "  It could be due to all sorts of things that might be fairly tangentially related to leadership . " "  Leadership is such a fuzzy quality that it 's hard to say conclusively what you are changing , " Kentridge added . "  You might change things that contribute to leadership , for example people might learn to stay calmer in conflict situations , but is that the same as saying you 're improving the leadership center of your brain ? " So , what 's inside the brain of a born leader ? Interestingly , intelligence is not a requirement . "  There 's zero correlation between IQ and leadership , " Balthazard told CNN . "  Emotion control has a lot to do with leadership . People who lead very well tend to have a much more coherent brain on the emotional , right side , and more differentiated brain on the more rational , left side , that can assess more different options . " Balthazard says that although he has identified brain profiles for antecedents to leadership , he stresses that before he can produce a set of exercises designed to improve leadership itself , he must develop a "  leadership norm " -- a standard for what makes a good leader . He has currently analyzed the brains of between 200 and 225 subjects , including bankers and military leaders , and says he must test twice that amount before he has his "  norm . " But he said plenty of people are already going to neurotherapists to train their brain for skills linked to leadership , such as decision-making , cognition , and memory retrieval , and Balthazard says he 'll soon be able to use neuotherapy techniques to develop leadership itself . "  At some point in the next 18 months we 'll have a seminal paper out that says we 've done this . We 're not there yet but I 've seen it in the lab . " If that happens , budding CEOs might be queuing up at neurotherapists to plug themselves in and turn themselves into the business brains of the future .	Researcher says he can spot a good leader just by scanning their brain Pierre Balthazard is a business professor who uses neuroscientific methods There is no correlation between intelligence and leadership , he says He hopes to improve people 's leadership by working on brain function
Los Angeles  CNN  -- "  Teflon Don " rapper Rick Ross crashed his silver Rolls Royce into an apartment building after he heard gunfire along a Fort Lauderdale , Florida , street Monday morning , police said . "  The driver of the Rolls Royce attempted to drive away from the direction of the shots being fired and lost control of the vehicle , striking a nearby apartment building , " Fort Lauderdale Police Detective DeAnna Garcia said . Ross and a female passenger were not hurt by the wreck or the gunshots , Garcia said . "  The suspects fled from the area prior to police arrival , " she said . The incident , however , called attention to threats against the artist 's life made in a street gang 's videos and posted online in recent months . "  We 're pulling up on you , " a man who identified himself as a member of the Gangster Disciples warned in one of the videos . "  Whatever city , whatever state , the pressure on . " Several videos purporting to be from Gangster Disciple members in several states -- including Georgia , North Carolina and Florida -- appeared on YouTube late last year demanding that Ross pay a fee to them for his use of the Star of David , which they claim as a gang symbol , and a reference to one of their founders in his music and marketing . "  You got to cut the check , " one video said . "  Tell your boss man he got to get that check , or all you in trouble . " "  We need that cash right now , " another said . Ross , 37 , whose albums include "  Teflon Don " in 2010 and "  Deeper Than Rap " a year earlier , told south Florida radio station 99 Jamz last month that he was not intimidated by the threats . "  Ai n't never no checks getting cut , " he said . "  I do n't play those games . I consider that extortion . " Is Nas hip-hop 's finest MC ? Ross did cancel his North Carolina shows last month just days after a video appeared online threatening his life if he performed there . "  Never was it due to any threats , " he told the radio station . Instead , he canceled because "  the promoter was n't really handling his business . " Ross wanted to make certain that listeners understood he was not frightened . "  Do n't ever get it twisted , Ricky Ross is the boss , " he said . The death threats are not the only challenge to Ross . A former drug lord and gang leader is suing in a Los Angeles court , accusing him of stealing his name and reputation . "  The reality is I want justice done , " the original Ross wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  I know that he took his name and image from my life and believe he is unfairly profiting off my story . " Ricky "  Freeway " Ross was serving a prison sentence a decade ago when rapper William Roberts , who previously worked as a Florida correctional officer , adopted "  Rick Ross " as his stage name , according to the lawsuit . "  This rapper and his labels clearly knew of my name and story , and have tried to suck out the lifeblood without license , " the former drug lord said . "  I have my own use for my intellectual property and did not need this confusion created . " More recently , the rapper has been using the name "  Ricky Rozay . " The rapper and his record label have not responded to CNN 's request for comment . Despite the death threats and legal issues , his music is doing well . Ross is nominated for a best rap album Grammy for his latest release , "  God Forgives , I Do n't . " CNN 's Marlena Baldacci contributed to this report .	Rapper Rick Ross and a female passenger were not hurt by the wreck or gunshots A street gang posted online death threats against Ross in recent months Ross , 37 , says he 's not intimidated by the threats A former drug lord accuses Ross of stealing his name and reputation
CNN  -- President Obama 's spending plan is just the first step in a process that will involve no less than 40 congressional committees , 24 subcommittees , countless hearings and a number of floor votes in the House and Senate , with the aim of getting funding in place for the federal government by the beginning of the 2012 fiscal year October 1 . Congress never passed a budget for the current fiscal year , and the government has been running on a "  continuing resolution , " which expires March 4 . House Republicans have thrown down the gauntlet over cuts to current programs and threaten to shut down the government if they do n't get their way . After Obama sends his 2012 plan to Capitol Hill , House and Senate budget committees each pass their own budget resolutions , which set caps on spending and establish revenue targets and generally serve as five - to 10-year blueprints for congressional priorities . The budget resolutions also allocate how much may be spent on broad budget functions like defense and education but not individual programs . House and Senate numbers often differ , and the chambers must resolve their differences and pass a single Budget Act . Obama : Budget ` down payment ' on debt Next , the appropriations committees and subcommittees in each chamber debate how to allocate discretionary funds among government agencies and programs . If all does n't go according to plan , Congress must pass a continuing resolution like last year 's by 11:59 p.m. September 30 to continue funding the government as lawmakers continue to try to slice up the budget pie . Justice budget includes increase for prisons Here are some highlights from Obama 's plan : Department of Education There 's a good reason Obama went to a school to make his first public pitch after his spending plan was released . Education is one of the few areas to get a significant increase in funding : $ 4.5 billion more than in his 2011 budget . Obama requests increase for education in 2012 The $ 77.4 billion request would be spent on reforms , teacher training for STEM subjects  science , technology , engineering and math  and reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act , also known as No Child Left Behind . Obama wants to spend $ 80 million to recruit 10,000 teachers in STEM subjects in the next two years , 100,000 over the next 10 years . He also wants $ 900 million for a new round of Race to the Top , the competition that rewards states that meet the administrations standards for innovation and outcomes . The budget request maintains the current funding level for Pell Grants , but it recommends dropping the year-round option that began in 2009 . It also drops subsidies that allowed grad students to avoid interest accruing on loans while they are in school . Department of Defense The plan increases the Pentagon 's base budget to $ 553 billion , $ 22 billion more than last year . Defense , State fight for more funding It reinvests $ 100 billion expected to be saved through cuts to areas like development or purchase of unmanned intelligence , surveillance , and reconnaissance assets ; proposals for more ships ; a new ground combat vehicle ; the Advanced Extremely High Frequency satellite ; and the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter . The budget includes a 1.6 % increase for military pay as well as an increase in housing allowances and health care , especially for wounded service members . The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are covered separately , with $ 118 billion set aside : more than $ 41 billion less than last year , mostly because of the withdrawal of troops from Iraq . Slight increase sought for Homeland Security Department of Transportation The plan provides $ 13.4 billion in discretionary resources in 2012 , a $ 1.3 billion decrease from 2010 . It proposes a six-year , $ 556 billion surface reauthorization plan to modernize the country 's transportation infrastructure . It provides $ 8 billion in 2012 and $ 53 billion over six years to reach a goal of providing 80 percent of Americans with convenient access to a passenger rail system , featuring high-speed service , within 25 years . The plan reduces funding for airport grants , focusing support on smaller airports , while giving larger airports more flexibility to raise their own resources . Department of Veterans Affairs Obama 's plan provides $ 61.85 billion , a 10.6 % increase over 2010 It proposes a multiyear budgeting approach to manage medical care resources across multiple fiscal years , including advance appropriations for the 2013 fiscal year It reduces construction spending and redirects those funds for care and benefits to veterans . Department of the Interior Obama 's plan budgets $ 12 billion , which is roughly the same as in previous years , and increases land and water conservation programs . The savings are planned through decreases in the U.S. Geological Survey , cuts in construction programs and tribal program reductions . The plan provides more than $ 500 million to restructure the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement and to strengthen oversight of offshore oil and gas operations in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon explosion and oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico last year . Department of State and international programs The plan provides $ 47 billion for the State Department and the U.S. Agency for International Development , a decrease of less than 1 % from 2010 . Increases are made in the areas of food security and global health . Foreign assistance to several countries is cut . The plan reduces funding for the African Development and Inter-American Foundations by nearly 20 % and directs them to seek partnerships to leverage remaining funding .	Obama sends plan to Capitol Hill ; goal is to get funding in place by start of 2012 fiscal year Plan includes a significant increase in education funding Plan decreases discretionary resources for the Department of Transportation It trims funding for African Development and Inter-American Foundations by nearly 20 %
CNN  -- Syrian state-run television reported Thursday that forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad killed three Westerners , including an American woman and a British citizen , who it claims were fighting with the rebels and were found with weapons . Syrian TV identified the woman , releasing what it claimed were images of her Michigan driver 's license and U.S. passport . It also released what is said was the name and passport of a British citizen . It did not identify a third person who it claimed was a Westerner . The report said the three were ambushed in their car in the flashpoint province of Idlib in northwestern Syria , where government forces have been battling rebels for control . TV footage showed a bullet-riddled car and three bodies laid out . It also showed weapons , a computer , a hand-drawn map of a government military facility and a flag belonging to the al Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front . The United States is aware of the claim that an American woman was killed and is working through the Czech Republic mission in Syria to obtain more information , a State Department official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . Citing privacy concerns , "  we are unable to comment further , " the official said . A family member of the American woman told CNN on Thursday she was informed by the FBI about the death . The family member said the FBI did not provide any details about how the woman died . CNN is not identifying the family member , who lives in Michigan , until next of kin notifications have been completed . The UK Foreign Office said it was aware of the claims , but is not able to verify them without further information . Al-Nusra Front If the Syrian state TV report is true , it will not be the first time an American has been accused of fighting with rebel groups to overthrow al-Assad . In March , a former U.S. soldier was arrested and charged by the U.S. government with illegally using a weapon on behalf of the al-Nusra Front . Eric Harroun , 30 , of Phoenix , was arrested by the FBI after returning to the United States from Syria , where authorities allege he fought with the militant group . He was charged with the alleged use of a rocket-propelled grenade . The organization he allegedly fought with , al-Nusra Front , is linked to al Qaeda in Iraq . Al-Nusra has claimed responsibility for more than 600 attacks in Syria , the Justice Department said . An FBI affidavit says Harroun crossed into Syria in January 2013 and fought against al-Assad 's forces . He posted photos and videos of himself on the Internet handling RPGs and other weapons , it said . Harroun served with the U.S. Army from 2000 to 2003 . Troubled talks The report by Syrian state TV came on the same day that a leader of Syria 's main rebel coalition said the group may not participate in a conference aimed at brokering an end to the civil war . "  It is difficult to continue when Syrians are constantly being hammered by the Assad regime with the help of outside forces , " said George Sabra , acting chairman of the National Coalition , in a statement . He cited the siege of Qusayr and attacks on Eastern Gouta , a suburb of Damascus , as well as what he said was an "  invasion " by Iranian militia members in support of al-Assad . Russia , which supports Damascus , expressed its own reservations . Conditions on the peace talks demanded by the National Coalition are too restrictive , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov told reporters , state news agency ITAR-Tass reported . "  One has the impression that the National Coalition and its regional sponsors are doing their utmost in a bid to prevent the beginning of a political process and resort to all means , including brainwashing in the West , to induce military intervention , " Lavrov is quoted as saying . "  We regard such approaches as impermissible . " In addition , the coalition "  is not the sole representative of the Syrian people , " Lavrov said . "  The coalition has no constructive platform . " The National Coalition has demanded that al-Assad step aside as a condition for its participation in the talks , which were originally scheduled to be held this month in Geneva , Switzerland , but have been delayed . The Syrian government has insisted that any talks be held without preconditions and has said that al-Assad will finish his term and must be qualified to run again in the 2014 elections . Fighting rages on Some 3,000 to 4,000 Lebanese Hezbollah fighters have been deployed to Syria , where they are fighting alongside government forces , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told the Foreign Affairs Committee of France 's National Assembly . The Lebanese fighters have been involved in a battle for Qusayr , a town of about 20,000 that sits astride one route to the Syrian coast and another to the Lebanese border . For the rebels , holding Qusayr represents a way of limiting the regime 's ability to sustain itself . On Thursday , the media office of the Syrian Coalition in Istanbul , Turkey , said in an appeal for help that the number of wounded citizens in Qusayr had exceeded 1,000 . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency said the fighting was part of its mission "  to pursue terrorists in Qusayr and its countryside . " ` One axis ' In an interview broadcast Thursday night by the Hezbollah television station Al-Manar , al-Assad was quoted by Lebanese media as saying , "  Syria and Hezbollah are one axis . " Hezbollah forces "  are in Lebanon and Syria , on the border area , " al-Assad said . According to the pro-Hezbollah Al-Akhbar newspaper , he said , "  There are groups of  Hezbollah  party fighters in the border areas with Lebanon . But the Syrian army is the one fighting and running battles against the armed groups , and will continue in this battle in order to eliminate " what he described as "  terrorists . " The president expressed skepticism that the talks proposed for Geneva would prove fruitful , the newspaper reported . Al-Assad is further quoted as saying that "  Syria received the first batch of the Russian S-300 missiles , antiaircraft systems " and that "  the rest of the shipment will arrive soon . " "  The contracts are not related to the conflict , " he said . "  We negotiate with them for various kinds of weapons for years . And Russia is fulfilling these contracts . " Russia has been criticized by the West for reported sales of six S-300 air defense systems to Syria under a 2010 contract . Moscow , however , has said such deliveries would conform with international law and has denied supplying Syria with weapons that can be used against civilians . CNN 's Stephanie Kotuby , Brian Todd , Tom Watkins , Amir Ahmed and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : The UK Foreign Office says it 's aware of the claims A family member of the woman says the FBI confirmed she died in Syria The report also showed what it said was a Michigan driver 's license and passport It claimed it belonged to a dead American woman fighting with the rebels
CNN  -- It 's a pod-like structure a bit larger than a photo booth , and a Vermont company is hoping it will make life a little easier for nursing mothers who are away from home . The modular lactation station allows a mother to breast-feed her baby or use a breast pump in a private spot designed with her in mind , with Corian surfaces , soft lighting , a fold-down table and even a power supply for a pumping machine . The first one was unveiled Thursday at Burlington International Airport in Vermont and the company behind it , Burlington-based Mamava , is hoping many more will follow . "  We definitely see it for any public space where a mom might need some privacy or might want to use a breast pump , " company co-founder Sascha Mayer said . Nursing mothers know well the challenges of trying to feed their babies while away from home . Discreet nursing covers or shawls allow a degree of privacy when breast-feeding in public , though some mothers who are still shy about it may do it in a corner or even in a bathroom stall . Mothers who must pump their milk have an even tougher time finding a place to do it in public . A bathroom stall is often the only option , but it 's less than desirable -- imagine sitting on a public toilet while balancing a pump  or baby  , listening to the sound of flushing toilets all around and knowing other women can hear the kshhh-kshhh of the pump every few seconds . Those realities became clear to Mayer after the birth of her daughter seven years ago , when she had to travel for work . She had to find ways of pumping while at trade shows , airports , corporate retreats , baseball games and rafting trips , so she began thinking of a product that would make things easier for other mothers facing the same challenges . "  We wanted it to be comfortable , " she said , but at the same time , "  we 're not about hiding moms away . We 're about giving them an alternative to pumping in public , and an alternative to using a bathroom . " They started working with designers and developed the first prototype earlier this year . The director of Burlington 's airport , Gene Richards , liked the idea and the free-standing pod is now installed in the second floor of the terminal , airside , after the security checkpoints . "  Breast-feeding is welcome anywhere at the airport , but the Mamava unit will provide a comfortable place for nursing mothers who might want more privacy  or for babies who might need fewer distractions  , " the company said . There is no fee to use the lactation station . A lock on the door turns red when it 's occupied . Mamava hopes to put pods in other airports or public places like conference centers and malls , Mayer says . They 're also working on a foldable design that could be used in small workplaces and then put away when not in use . "  What 's been really , really fun for us is the cultural challenge , " Mayer said . As the public becomes more aware of the benefits of breast-feeding , she said she hopes they also become aware of the logistics of it . Mayer said she does n't want women to choose against breast-feeding just because it 's too difficult . "  We really just want to make it a legitimate choice for women , because really in a lot of cases it just is n't , " Mayer said . "  There are so many challenges , so why not make it as positive and optimistic and comforting as possible ? "	The kiosk has Corian surfaces , a fold-down table and a power supply It allows mothers to breast-feed or pump discreetly while away from home A Vermont mother helped design the "  pod " She hopes it can be used in other public places and workplaces
CNN  -- Tourist traps -- overcrowded , over-hyped and , of course , overpriced . Yet we keep going . By the millions . Why ? Because however one bad experience may make us feel about them , they 're awesome . That 's why they get overcrowded in the first place . That 's why , as Yogi Berra supposedly once said of popular St. Louis restaurant Ruggeri 's : "  Nobody goes there anymore . It 's too crowded . " Professional globetrotter Gary Arndt perhaps sums it up best when he says , "  I had a horrible time at the Pyramids , but I 'd go back and recommend people go because ... they 're the Pyramids . Some places you just have to suck it up and go visit . " Here are eight over-popular places that are well worth a visit anyway -- and a few tips for avoiding the scrum , if you really have to . Share your picks for most-worth-it tourist traps in the comments . 1 . Taj Mahal  Agra , India It 's one of India 's most popular sights , attracting 3 million visitors a year -- which automatically puts it on many tourist 's verboten list . More fool them : they 're missing a World Heritage Site that really lives up to the hype . At sunrise or sunset the crowds are slimmest and the building is at its most photogenic . Travel writer Jodi Ettenberg picked the dawn hours of a rainy day for her visit , when most tourists would stay in bed . National Geographic Traveler of the Year Shannon O'Donnell took a different approach . "  I went on a sunny day and still had a wonderful visit , " says O'Donnell . "  The site is just as popular with Indian tourists , so it was fun to interact with the families . " 2 . The Acropolis  Athens , Greece Ruggedly modern Athens may be a culture shock to those expecting white marble and togas at every turn , but for many the most jarring experience awaits at the ticket barriers to the Acropolis , complete with security guards and a sea of visitors . The climb up is hot and crowded -- but at the top , you 'll see why a million people do this every year . This is Athenian culture refined and placed on a pedestal 150 meters high -- in every sense , it 's the heart of Athens and maybe even of Greece . The country 's monuments have endured thousands of years of warfare , stone theft , punishing heat and , in one dramatic incident , an exploding ammo dump -- but they 're still here . Be inspired by that , grit your teeth and brave those crowds . It 's worth it . Alternately ... If you 're looking for the best view in the city , head northeast and climb Lykavitos Hill . From its peak  at 277 meters , the highest point in the city  , you 'll be looking down onto the Acropolis , and the rest of the view will punch the breath out of you . 3 . London Underground  UK Canned sardines would gloat if they ever saw the twisted , conjoined bodies scrapping for pockets of air during rush hour on London 's Tube service . During tourist season , it can get spectacularly horrible . There are tricks and shortcuts to avoid bottlenecks , including going up to street level and walking to the next station . Alternative Tube maps have become an art form  like the incredible Wonderground map  and the network 's history is fascinating . If you need an excuse to explore , there 's the Tube Challenge -- visiting all 270 stations in 24 hours . 4 . Khao San Road  Bangkok Online reviews of Khao San can be damning : "  Meh , lots of drunk backpackers , tacky , noisy and crowded . " Dubbed by Susan Orlean as The Place To Disappear , it 's usually raucous and requires a particular mindset to enjoy . It 's a tourist trap -- but not an unwelcome one , according to the average review on TripAdvisor . People visit Khao San because it 's thrillingly chaotic -- the noise and the crowds are the price of that excitement . They 're usually a bargain . Alternately ... Too much chaos for you ? Look to the surrounding streets . While food on Khao San itself has a reputation for being underwhelming and overpriced , writer Mark Piano found a wealth of Lebanese and Israeli food nearby , including the well-reviewed Shoshana , the "  cheapest and best hummus I 've found in town . " 5 . Sacre Coeur  Paris Acting as Paris 's own Acropolis is the Basilica of the Sacred Heart of Paris , better known as Sacre Coeur , high above the city on the hill of Montmartre . Consecrated less than a century ago , it 's the city 's must-see symbol of unity and renewed confidence -- and yet the approach to it is plagued with Paris 's worst tourist scams , including the Paris String Trick . Disheartening ? Of course . Avoidable ? Absolutely . "  Most visitors take the same route , " says travel blogger James Feess . "  They get off at the Anvers metro stop , walk through the gauntlet of tacky souvenir shops on Rue de Steinkerque , take the funicular up to Sacre Coeur , walk to the Place du Tertre to see the artists selling their original paintings and finally walk back down the hill to see the underwhelming Moulin Rouge . "  Venture outside these few areas and you 'll find a whole different world of quintessential Parisian cafes , tree-lined streets , private gardens , hidden alleyways and boulangeries that most tourists never see . " 6 . Stonehenge  UK Ah , Stonehenge . These days you 're unlikely to step between the stones unless you 're allowed special access  say , you 're Doctor Who  . Most visitors have to walk around the outside -- and yet that 's enough . It 's the crowning monument in a staggeringly archaeology-rich landscape . It 's also changing dramatically . A new Â # 27 million  $ 45 million  visitor center opened in December 2013 , and as with many new arrivals it 's suffered a few teething problems . This is the most famous prehistoric monument in England , perhaps in the world -- and we still do n't know what it was for . Alternately ... Twenty miles to the north , Avebury 's stone circles has no admission fee and gets a quarter of the annual visitors . The stone circles are a short walk from West Kennet Avenue and other stunning prehistoric monuments . 7 . Christ The Redeemer  Rio de Janeiro It 's the most famous sight in Brazil , it 's stunningly beautiful and it has a remarkable history . Of course you need to go . Even if the area around the 98-foot-tall statue is almost always heaving with visitors . "  Most of the photos you 'll have seen are likely to have been taken by photographers in helicopters who can find the space they need for the shot without the crowds , " says travel photographer Laurence Norah . "  If you want to avoid the crush , go on a weekday rather than the weekend and perhaps pick a day that is n't totally clear . "  The morning is better for photos of the statue , as the light is on him , whilst the afternoon and evening offers better light across Rio . " 8 . Grand Canyon  Arizona If North America 's Natural Wonder Of The World is your destination this year , do n't waste your visit on a whistle-stop trip to the edge . That 's how most people experience it , and it 's a poor way to do this 17-million-year-old landmark justice . To avoid the beaten track do as the wisest local guides suggest -- book a few days and venture below the rim -- best to go out of season , as the canyon floor can be unbearably hot  39C/102F  during summer .	Rio 's most famous landmark , Christ the Redeemer , is usually heaving with visitors . So what ? It 's worth booking a couple days at the Grand Canyon rather than peering over the edge and leaving Choosing a weekday over weekend or early morning over midday can spare you crowds at big attractions
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong , who for years vehemently denied cheating while winning a record seven Tours de France , told Oprah Winfrey that he used performance-enhancing drugs to advance his cycling career , according to media reports . ABC News , the New York Times and USA Today , citing unnamed sources , reported Monday night that the former cyclist finally admitted to using steroids during an interview he and Winfrey taped Monday night in Armstrong 's hometown of Austin , Texas . Armstrong was emotional at times during the session , a source , who was familiar with the interview , told CNN . The person refused to discuss the specifics of what Armstrong said , including whether he confessed to using performance-enhancing drugs as ABC and USA Today reported . Armstrong also might pay back part of the money he received from the U.S. Postal Service , which sponsored the cyclist and his team while he was winning six of his Tours de France , the source said . The source said Armstrong was in negotiations to repay some of the money . ESPN reported in 2011 that the agency -- which is not taxpayer funded -- paid more that $ 31 million to sponsor the team during the final four years of its agreement . A spokeswoman for the postal service said : "  We are not in a position now to discuss any of the legal issues associated with these developments and the prior relationship between the U.S. Postal Service and Mr. Armstrong , but we will do so at an appropriate time . " Armstrong won the Tour de France a record seven straight years , beginning in 1999 . The postal service sponsored the team from 1996 to 2004 . Tim Herman , one of Armstrong 's lawyers , had no comment about the interview . Winfrey tweeted after the interview : "  Just wrapped with @lancearmstrong More than 2 1/2 hours . He came READY ! " The interview will be edited down to 90 minutes , Winfrey has said . "  We are not confirming any specific details regarding the interview at this time , " a spokesperson for OWN said Monday night . The disgraced cycling legend earlier apologized to the staff of the cancer charity he started , a publicist for Livestrong Foundation said . Armstrong was tearful during the 15-minute meeting and did n't address the issue of steroid use in cycling , Rae Bazzarre , director of communications for the foundation , said . Bazzarre added that Armstrong offered to the staff a "  sincere and heartfelt apology for the stress they 've endured because of him . " He urged them to keep working hard to help cancer survivors and their families . Armstrong 's sit-down in his hometown of Austin , Texas , with Winfrey was his first interview since he was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles in October in a blood-doping scandal . Read more : Oprah interview with Lance Armstrong airs January 17 For more than a decade , Armstrong has denied he used performance-enhancing drugs , but he was linked to a doping scandal by nearly a dozen other former cyclists who have admitted to doping . What Armstrong said or did not say to Winfrey could have ramifications . Some media outlets have reported that Armstrong has been strongly considering the possibility of a confession , possibly as a way to stem the tide of fleeing sponsors and as part of a long-term redemptive comeback plan . But such a confession might lend weight to the lawsuits that could await him . The interview will air at 9 p.m. ET Thursday on the Oprah Winfrey Network . Winfrey has promised a "  no-holds-barred " interview , with no conditions and no payment made to Armstrong . But the speculations swirled Monday . "  I do n't think we 're going to get an out-and-out confession , " says CNN sports anchor Patrick Snell . "  I think we 're going to get something like , ` This is what went on during this era of trying to compete at the highest level . ' " Livestrong bracelet : To wear or not to wear ? Armstrong , 41 , has repeatedly and vehemently denied that he used banned performance-enhancing drugs as well as illegal blood transfusions during his cycling career . Winfrey will ask Armstrong to address the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 's October report , which said there was overwhelming evidence he was directly involved in a sophisticated doping program , a statement from her network said last week . The International Cycling Union , which chose not to appeal the USADA 's lifetime ban , stripped Armstrong of his record seven Tour victories . The World Anti-Doping Agency also agreed with the sanctions , which means Armstrong may not compete in sports governed by that agency 's code . Before the ban , he was competing in Ironman triathlons and had won two of the five events he had entered . Since the ban he has entered two non-sanctioned events . Report : Armstrong offered to donate $ 250,000 to anti-doping agency Why now ? So , why would Armstrong choose to make a confession now ? "  I would suspect that he sees this as certainly his best way forward , " Snell says . "  He would have taken strong legal advice , of course . When you look at the kind of stuff that Oprah 's done over the years , it 's a chance to get ... heartfelt emotions across . " The New York Times has reported that Armstrong was contemplating publicly admitting he used illegal performance-enhancing drugs . Such an admission might lead toward Armstrong regaining his eligibility . One of his attorneys denied Armstrong was in discussion with the two anti-doping agencies . Herman , in a recent e-mail to CNN Sports , did not address whether Armstrong told associates -- as reported by the newspaper -- that he was considering an admission . But such an admission could open him up to lawsuits , something Armstrong is likely well aware of . "  He is surrounded by the best legal advice , the best legal team , " Snell says . "  It 's very hard for anyone to imagine him going into this without having been fully briefed , made aware of absolutely every scenario . " Share your view on Armstrong Drug tests In the past , Armstrong has argued that he took more than 500 drug tests and never failed . In its 202-page report that detailed Armstrong 's alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs and blood transfusions , the USADA said it had tested Armstrong less than 60 times and the International Cycling Union conducted about 215 tests . The agency did not say that Armstrong ever failed a test , but his former teammates testified as to how they beat tests or avoided the tests altogether . The New York Times , citing unnamed associates and anti-doping officials , said Armstrong has been in discussions with USADA officials and hopes to meet with David Howman , chief of the World Anti-Doping Agency . The newspaper said none of the people with knowledge of Armstrong 's situation wanted to be identified because it would jeopardize their access to information on the matter . Awaiting Armstrong 's ` last word ' Armstrong : The legend and the fall Armstrong has been an icon for his cycling feats and celebrity , bringing more status to a sport wildly popular in some nations but lacking big-name recognition , big money and mass appeal in the United States . He fought back from testicular cancer to win the Tour from 1999 to 2005 . He raised millions via his Lance Armstrong Foundation to help cancer victims and survivors , an effort illustrated by trendy yellow "  LiveSTRONG " wristbands that helped bring in the money . But Armstrong has long been dogged by doping allegations , with compatriot Floyd Landis -- who was stripped of his 2006 Tour de France title after failing a drug test -- making a series of claims in 2011 . Armstrong sued the USADA last year to stop its investigation of him , arguing it did not have the right to prosecute him . But after a federal judge dismissed the case , Armstrong said he would no longer participate in the investigation . In October 2012 , Armstrong was stripped of his titles and banned from cycling . Weeks later , he stepped down from the board of his foundation , Livestrong . Kurtz : Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong ? CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Kevin Bohn , Joe Sutton , Ed Payne , Jillian Martin and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Media reports say Armstrong admitted to using performance-enhancing drugs Source tells CNN the former cyclist in talks to repay some sponsorship money Interview with Winfrey lasted 2 1/2 hours , talk show queen tweets Armstrong apologizes to cancer foundation workers for their stress
