Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber could learn from former teen stars Chris Brown and Lindsay Lohan how not to turn 20 . Lohan and Brown are still dealing in their mid-20s with the consequences of their bad actions at that age . Bieber 's 20th birthday is March 1 . HIs last weeks as a 19-year-old have been punctuated with two arrests and a third criminal investigation that could result in a felony charge . The "  Baby " singer faces charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving with an expired license after a traffic stop in Miami Beach , Florida , and an assault charge for allegedly hitting his limousine driver in Toronto . The Los Angeles County district attorney is considering a vandalism charge against him , pending a sheriff 's investigation into an egg attack on a neighbor 's home . A good lawyer -- and Bieber has plenty of those -- might resolve those cases without taking his freedom . Lohan , whose offenses included two drunken driving convictions , and Brown , who pleaded guilty to beating girlfriend Rihanna , got probation , community labor and court-ordered counseling . Probation gone bad A lesson for Bieber might be that even if those first crimes do n't bring jail time , breaking probation rules can get you locked up . The best lawyer can only help a client to a point , especially if that client fails to report to a probation officer , does n't complete community service , tests positive for illegal drugs or gets arrested again . Ask Lohan or Brown . Their entertainment careers have been stunted since their 20th birthdays by repeated probation violations that led to stints in rehab , months of additional community labor , frequent trips to court and occasional days behind bars . Lohan 's lesson for Bieber Lohan did well posing for Playboy between court appearances , but her once-promising film career has been derailed by producers wary about her reliability . Red carpet walks at movie premieres were replaced by dozens of walks into a courthouse . Film critics can pan your work , but a judge can throw you in jail . Her probation was going well for the first two years , before a prosecutor questioned if she was attending court-ordered counseling sessions . She was late for a probation hearing once , then completely missed another court date . Lohan was convicted of shoplifting a necklace . She angered a series of judges , resulting in dozens of court dates , several probation revocations , jail and rehab visits . Lohan , who has publicly acknowledged her substance abuse struggle , appears to have finally found some balance in her life since completing treatment at the Cliffside Malibu rehab facility last year . She is still on probation . Brown 's lesson for Bieber Chris Brown got glowing probation reports the first two years after he pleaded guilty to felony assault in August 2009 . But Los Angeles prosecutors began looking closer at his behavior after reports of a bar fight with Drake , a parking lot brawl with Frank Ocean and a hit-and-run arrest . Investigators found evidence that Brown had fudged on completing the community labor requirement . Brown voluntarily entered a rehab program in late October , days after he was arrested on an assault charge in Washington . His treatment ended abruptly when he was kicked out of the rehab program for throwing a rock through his mother 's car window in the middle of a family counseling session , according to a probation report . The judge soon revoked Brown 's probation , but sent him back to rehab for 90 days instead of jail . Brown is now in a "  dual diagnosis " rehab program for help with anger management and substance abuse . The latest probation report said he "  is doing well in the program and making great strides " in rehab , although the prosecutor asked the judge to send him to jail because his violent outbursts were "  increasing in severity and intensity . " The Washington assault charge is still pending . Travel restrictions Brown has managed to put out new music and tour while on probation , but his legal troubles have dampened his success . When he wanted to tour Europe , he could n't . British border officials cited concerns that Brown might pose a danger to British citizens when they barred him from entering the United Kingdom for concerts in 2010 . "  We reserve the right to refuse entry to the UK to anyone guilty of a serious criminal offense , " said Barbara Woodward , director of the UK Border Agency 's international group . "  Public safety is one of our primary concerns . " A criminal record could threaten Bieber 's career even more , because he is a Canadian citizen living and working in the United States on a visa . While convictions might not result in his deportation , they could make crossing the border a problem . Bieber , who has built a fortune by touring the world , has already gotten a taste of what could be . U.S. Customs agents delayed his entry into the United States for several hours after his chartered jet landed in New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport from Toronto last week . Agents interviewed him for several hours before clearing him for entry . Drug-sniffing dogs were used to search his plane , but no sign of drugs was detected and no illegal substances were found , according to a law enforcement source . A government statement to CNN noted that there are "  more than 60 grounds of inadmissibility divided into several major categories , including health-related grounds , criminality , security reasons , public charge , labor certification , illegal entrants and immigration violations , documentation requirements , and miscellaneous grounds " that could keep someone out of the country . CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said the evidence that Bieber had Xanax in his blood when he was arrested in Florida could be viewed as "  drug abuse " by U.S. border officials , if he did not have a prescription for the controlled substance . The threats to Justin Bieber 's freedom and career are still only allegations . He has not been convicted of anything . If he is eventually found guilty and placed on probation , he has the advantage of knowing from his friends Chris and Lindsay how important it is to play by the rules .	Justin Bieber , who turns 20 on March 1 , faces criminal charges Lohan , Brown are still dealing with consequences of bad actions at age 20 First crimes may not bring jail time , but breaking probation rules can Criminal convictions could limit Bieber 's international touring
Former President George W. Bush has a new mission : helping those with the least in Africa . He has stayed largely out of the limelight since his second term as U.S. president ended in 2008 . But on another continent , thousands of miles from the politics and infighting of Washington , Bush is quietly burnishing a humanitarian legacy that may in some people 's eyes outweigh the controversies sparked by his time in office . Opinion : George W. Bush 's legacy is on the mend He and his wife , Laura , are in Africa this week , where they helped renovate a cancer screening clinic in Zambia . The clinic , which is designed help women fight cervical cancer , builds on the former president 's work fighting HIV/AIDS on the continent . While he was in office , Bush set up a plan -- the President 's Emergency Program for AIDS Relief -- that made a massive investment in antiretroviral drugs and dramatically reduced the number of AIDS deaths in Africa . "  I 'm really proud of the American people for their generosity , " he told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  I wish Americans knew how many lives were saved . Someday , they will . " CNN exclusive : George W. Bush on AIDS , Mandela , Snowden Bush got his own hands dirty working on the refurbishment of the clinic -- a sign , he said , of his commitment to the cause . "  I 'm here to serve and I believe strongly that with power and wealth comes a duty to serve the least , " he said . "  Our purpose is to elevate the need for screening for cervical cancer throughout the continent of Africa . " The renovated clinic opened Monday as a cervical cancer screening and treatment center , and the Bushes hope it will help save the lives of thousands of women . "  It breaks your heart to realize that such hope was given to communities throughout the continent of Africa because of antiretrovirals and then women are dying of cervical cancer -- so there 's hope and then there 's despondency , " George Bush said . "  We wanted to help make sure that despondency did n't settle in . " Bush at his best Bush 's harshest critics might be surprised by this side of the former president . His shirt splattered with paint from the project , he appeared genuinely happy about doing manual labor . He was joking , jovial and genuinely happy to be there . Bush was relaxed as he spoke with CNN , saying that after an extended period out of the limelight he feels like a tortoise sticking its head out of its shell . The former president is aware that his legacy will be tied to the Iraq War , but he wants people to know what he is doing in Africa , too . ` History will judge ' In his comments , Bush also touched on the subject of Nelson Mandela , who is on life support in a South African hospital . "  Sometimes , there are leaders who come and go . His legacy will last for a long time , " he said of the ailing anti-apartheid icon . Mandela had criticized him publicly about the war in Iraq , Bush said he does n't bear a grudge . "  He was n't the only guy , " he said . "  It 's OK . I made decisions that were the right decisions . History will ultimately judge . I never held someone 's opinion against him ; I did n't look at him differently because he did n't agree with me on an issue . " Bush also initially said he was n't bothered about his ratings in opinion polls , even if some of them now put him at a similar level to Obama . "  The only time I really cared was on Election Day , " he said . Then , drawing laughter from his wife , he checked himself and said , "  You know , I guess it 's nice . I mean , let me rephrase that : Thank you for bringing it up . " In any case , the former president said he does n't expect a fair assessment of his legacy in his lifetime . "  I wo n't be around , because it will take a while for the objective historians to show up , " he said . "  So I 'm pretty comfortable with it . I did what I did ; I know the spirit in which I did it . "	Former President George W. Bush is in Zambia with his wife , Laura They have helped renovate a cancer screening clinic there Bush : "  I believe strongly that with power and wealth comes a duty to serve the least " " I did what I did ; I know the spirit in which I did it , " says Bush of his legacy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama signed into law Tuesday a measure designed to strengthen national community service efforts by boosting federal funding for thousands of volunteers in fields ranging from clean energy to health care and education . Democratic Sen. Ted Kennedy , left , introduces President Obama at the bill signing on Tuesday . The Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act , recently renamed to honor the Massachusetts senator 's sponsorship of the measure , will more than triple the number of positions in the AmeriCorps program , from 75,000 to 250,000 , by 2017 . "  Our government can help to rebuild our economy ... -LSB- but -RSB- we need Americans willing to mentor our eager young children , or care for the sick , or ease the strains of deployment on our military families , " Obama said . "  All that 's required on your part is a willingness to make a difference . And that is , after all , the beauty of service . Anybody can do it . " Kennedy , his niece Caroline Kennedy , former President Bill Clinton , and former first lady Rosalynn Carter were in attendance when Obama signed the measure into law at a Washington-area school that encourages volunteerism as part of its curriculum . The law creates four national service corps and launches several other initiatives , including , among other things , a "  Summer of Service " program to spur greater community outreach by middle - and high-school students . Older Americans will also be encouraged to volunteer more through the creation of a "  Silver Scholars " program , under which individuals 55 and older who perform 350 hours of service receive a $ 1,000 award . The law increases the existing AmeriCorps educational stipend offered to volunteers to $ 5,350 -- the same amount as the maximum Pell college grant . Critics have contended the law is fiscally irresponsible in light of the economic downturn . They also argue that the concept of volunteerism is undermined by providing financial compensation for community service . The law is expected to cost roughly $ 6 billion over the next five years .	Edward M. Kennedy Serve America Act signed into law on Tuesday The measure is designed to strengthen national community service efforts The law is expected to cost roughly $ 6 billion over the next five years It will triple the number of positions in the AmeriCorps program
CNN  -- Officials rescued a 19-year-old New York University student who was stuck between two buildings near his dorm in lower Manhattan Sunday night , New York police said . The New York Fire Department received the emergency call around 5:07 p.m. and found the man stuck in a space about six to 12 inches wide , according to firefighter Michael Madison . It took about 90 minutes to break through three layers of cinder block and pull the man out from the tight space , he said . After being rescued , the man was transported to Bellevue Hospital Center and is in serious condition , Madison said . Authorities do not know how the man became trapped . He was was conscious as officials removed him from the space between the two residential buildings at 80 Lafayette Street , according to police Det. Kellyann Ort . This type of emergency situation is uncommon , and officials are still investigating how the man managed to get stuck , Madison said .	A 19-year-old man became stuck between two Manhattan buildings , police said Firefighters took about 90 minutes to free him from the 6 - to 12-inch space The man is in serious condition ; authorities are investigating how he got stuck
Los Angeles  CNN  -- As the world was grieving and looking for answers in the death of Whitney Houston , Houston 's 18-year-old daughter , Bobbi Kristina , was taken to a Los Angeles hospital , police said . Beverly Hills police said Sunday the teen was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center at about 11:15 a.m. . She was released later Sunday and was expected to head to New Jersey , where her grandmother lives , as early as Sunday night , a source close to the family told CNN . Singer Kim Burrell , a family friend , told CNN on Sunday afternoon from the Grammy Awards ' red carpet that she was with the teenager on Saturday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel after Houston died . This was a few hours after Burrell said she 'd exchanged messages with her close friend , Houston , after she arrived in Los Angeles for the festivities . Whitney Houston 's death sets somber tone for Grammys "  As to be expected , she 's overwhelmed -- it 's her mother . She knows how much her mother meant to the world . And Bobbi Kristina has a huge heart , just like her mother , " said Burrell , adding that that Bobbi Kristina affectionately refers to her as "  Auntie Kim . " "  She loves hard , " Burrell said of Bobbi Kristina . "  She 's going to be OK , and we 're going to see to it . " Bobbi Kristina Brown was born in 1993 , during Houston 's marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , which ended in divorce in 2007 . The daughter of music royalty became publicly known during the mid-2000s reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " where she frequently appeared alongside her parents and often had a front-row seat to their marital fireworks . Houston once said of her only child , "  She encourages me and inspires me . When I look at her eyes and I see myself , I go , ` Okay . I can do this . I can do this . ' " Mother and daughter even performed together on national TV in 2009 , when the two sang "  My Love Is Your Love " in Central Park on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Results from Houston autopsy could take weeks Bobbi Kristina Brown proved she could do it on her own when she posted a video on Twitter of herself singing Adele 's "  Someone Like You " last September . So far the video has been viewed more than 100,000 times on YouTube . Bobbi Kristina Brown has previously given insight into her relationship with her mother , stating on Twitter , "  I love my family so much ... I 'm so thankful for  my mother  . Thank you so much lord for blessing me with an Phenomenal family and incredibly phenomenal mother . " Less than 24 hours after Whitney Houston 's death stunned fans and the entertainment world , her admirers became tearful and worried again Sunday upon hearing the news that Houston 's daughter was taken to the hospital . "  Really , oh my gosh , " said Trudy Hunchar , a flight attendant who was accompanied by her 12-year-old daughter , Quinn . On Sunday afternoon , the mom and daughter were paying their last respects to Houston outside the Beverly Hilton Hotel , where the 48-year-old singer died the day before . The parent and child came to the hotel to add a light-pink rose to a growing sidewalk memorial of flowers and candles created by fans . "  I 'm just hoping it 's anxiety or a panic attack or hurt , " Hunchar said of the daughter 's hospital visit . Then Hunchar expressed concern about the entertainment industry because the Denver family was visiting Los Angeles so that 12-year-old Quinn , an aspiring actress with a movie credit , could meet with an agent and manager about an acting career . "  With her coming into this business , " Hunchar said , pointing to her daughter , "  I 'll have a tough hand on her . She 's got a strong head . She 's pretty smart . This business is tough , and as best as I can , I 'll have a hand on her . " HLNtv.com 's Jonathan Anker and CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Bobbi Kristina Brown is released from the hospital Brown was born in 1993 to Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown Brown and her mother performed together on national TV in 2009 Brown said previously on Twitter that her mother was phenomenal
CNN  -- Twelve Lebanese soldiers have been killed in the southern city of Sidon since Sunday , in fighting with armed followers of Lebanese Sunni hardline cleric Sheikh Ahmed al-Asir , according to the Lebanese state news agency . Despite the casualties , the National News Agency reported that the Lebanese army had tightened its control over the al-Asir compound . Al-Asir is a vocal supporter of the Syrian rebels who have been fighting Hezbollah and the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The violence from the ongoing civil war in Syria has frequently spilled over into Lebanon in recent months .	Lebanese state news agency : Government troops surround Sunni cleric 's compound Civil war violence from Syria spills over to Lebanon
CNN  -- CNN 's senior international correspondent Arwa Damon has won the 2014 Courage in Journalism Award , a prestigious accolade that honors female journalists who risk their lives reporting the news . "  Arwa 's outstanding courage comes from her deep conviction to journalism that really matters , " says Tony Maddox , executive vice president and managing director of CNN International . "  She is totally committed to telling the important stories in the right way , and she will let nothing come in the way of that . " Damon started working with CNN in 2004 as a freelance producer at the network 's Baghdad bureau , before becoming correspondent in 2006 . Recognized for her coverage of the fierce battles in Falluja and on Haifa Street in the Iraqi capital , it was her reporting of Youssif , a five-year-old boy burnt in a brutal attack , that highlighted her arresting ability to tell a story . She has also traveled to volatile regions such as Syria , Libya , South Sudan , Congo , Egypt and Kenya . She has covered significant stories such as the Arab Spring , the Red Shirt protests in Thailand and , more recently , the Ukraine crisis from Donetsk . Damon has previously won a number of awards , including an Emmy and Peabody for her contribution to the network 's coverage of the Arab Spring , as well as the Investigative Reporters and Editors ' IRE Medal award for her reporting on the U.S. Consulate attack in Benghazi , Libya . The award celebrates its 25th year . The ceremonies take place on October 22 in New York , and on October 29 in Los Angeles . This year 's recipients also include Brankica StankoviÄ ‡ from Serbia and Solange Lusiku Nsimire from the Democratic Republic of Congo . "  As a journalist working for an international news network like CNN , the gender bias has largely been broken , " says Damon . "  Such is not the case for others -- both men and women -- in the field who have to chart their own course while facing threats at home without the protection of a major news network . "  To be recognized alongside Brankica and Solange as well as recipients of years past -- people I admire and respect , whose quality of journalism continues to raise the bar -- is humbling . And it 's not just because they are women , but because they are stellar journalists who wo n't let anything or anyone stand in their way of pursuing the truth . "	CNN correspondent Arwa Damon wins 2014 Courage in Journalism Award The accolade recognizes women who risk their lives reporting the news Damon started with CNN in 2004 and became correspondent two years later
CNN  -- Five patients who underwent surgery at a Cape Cod Hospital this summer may have been exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease after their surgeries were performed using the same potentially contaminated medical equipment found in a New Hampshire hospital , according to a statement released by the Massachusetts Department of Public Health on Thursday . The specialized medical equipment had originally been used to operate on a patient now suspected of having Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , the New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services announced Wednesday . The now-deceased patient had neurosurgery at Catholic Medical Center in Manchester , New Hampshire , and normal sterilization procedures do n't get rid of the disease proteins , known as prions , the Department of Health and Human Services said Wednesday . The surgical equipment used at both hospitals was from Medtronic Inc. according to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health . The five most recent cases in Cape Cod come one day after the New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services announced it is monitoring eight patients for signs of the fatal brain disease . "  Our concern is with the health and well-being of the eight patients who may have been exposed to CJD , " Dr. Joseph Pepe , Catholic Medical Center 's CEO , said in a statement issued with the New Hampshire Department of Health and Human Services on Wednesday . "  We will work closely with these families to help them in any way possible , even though the risk of infection is extremely low . " The five most recent patients each had spinal cord surgery at Cape Cod Hospital between July and August 2013 , and all the potentially affected patients have been notified of the risk , the Massachusetts Department of Public Health said . The department added that the risk to the potentially affected patients is very low because they underwent spinal cord surgery instead of brain surgery . There is no danger to hospital staff or members of the public , according to the statement . An autopsy of the original patient to confirm the illness -- which differs from a variant of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease commonly known as "  mad cow disease " -- is being conducted at the National Prion Disease Pathology Surveillance Center , Catholic Medical Center said Wednesday . The only way to confirm the illness is with an autopsy . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says no cases of the disease have been linked to the use of contaminated medical equipment since 1976 . Most medical devices are sterilized by heat , but the World Health Organization recommends the use of a caustic chemical like sodium hydroxide to disinfect equipment that may have come in contact with tissues that could cause Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease . Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease strikes fewer than 400 people a year in the United States , according to the CDC . Victims show signs of memory loss and cognitive difficulty early on ; the ailment is "  rapidly progressive and always fatal , " the CDC says . Florida boy dies from brain-eating parasite CNN 's Matt Smith , Miriam Falco and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Patients may have been exposed to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , officials say Possibly contaminated medical equipment was used for patients ' surgery , officials say The same equipment may have exposed eight patients in New Hampshire
London , England -- He 's no Wyclef Jean or George Clooney , but that has n't stopped seven-year-old Charlie Simpson from raising more than # 150,000  $ 240,000  for the Haiti earthquake . Simpson from Fulham , west London had hoped to raise just # 500 for UNICEF 's earthquake appeal by cycling eight kilometers  five miles  around a local park . "  My name is Charlie Simpson . I want to do a sponsored bike ride for Haiti because there was a big earthquake and loads of people have lost their lives , " said Simpson on his JustGiving page , a fundraising site which launched his efforts . "  I want to make some money to buy food , water and tents for everyone in Haiti , " he said . Donate to Charlie Simpson 's Haiti fundraising page And with that simple call , messages of support flooded the site . "  Such a big heart for a young boy , you 're a little star ! " wrote one supporter . "  Well done Charlie . A real celebrity , " said another . More donations began pouring in after the story caught the attention of the British media -- with many cheering Simpson past the # 100,000 mark . Even British Prime Minister Gordon Brown is spreading the message . His "  Downing Street " Twitter alias said : "  Amazed by response to the great fundraising efforts of 7 yr old Charlie Simpson for the people of Haiti . " David Bull , UNICEF 's UK executive director described Simpson 's efforts as "  very bold and innovative . " "  It shows he connects with and not only understands what children his own age must be going through in Haiti , " Bull said in a press statement . "  The little seed -- his idea -- that he has planted has grown rapidly and his is a place well deserved in the humanitarian world . "  On behalf of the many children in Haiti , I thank Charlie for his effort . " Money raised by Simpson will go towards UNICEF 's Haiti Earthquake Children 's Appeal which will provide water , sanitation , education , nutrition as well as support child protection .	Charlie Simpson has raised $ 240,000 for UNICEF 's Haiti Earthquake Children 's Appeal Donations pour in amid media coverage with many cheering Simpson on Funds raised will provide water , sanitation , education , nutrition and supporting child protection
ISTANBUL , Turkey  CNN  -- The head of a Kurdish nationalist party in Turkey addressed his party members Tuesday in the Kurdish language -- which is illegal -- prompting the national broadcaster to pull the plug on the live broadcast . Ahmet Turk began his speech in Turkish before switching to Kurdish . In his address , Democratic Society Party leader Ahmet Turk began his speech in Turkish , addressing the value of a "  multilingual culture " and decrying the fact that the Kurdish language is not protected under Turkey 's constitution . "  We have no objection to Turkish being the official language , yet we want our demands for the lifting of the ban on Kurdish language to be understood as a humanitarian demand , " he said . Turk then announced he would deliver the rest of his speech in Kurdish and , at that point , state broadcaster TRT cut the broadcast . "  Since no language other than Turkish can be used in the parliament meetings according to the constitution of the Turkish Republic and the Political Parties Law , we had to stop our broadcast , " the TRT announcer stated . "  We apologize to our viewers for this and continue our broadcast with the next news item scheduled . " The situation is somewhat ironic because Turkey began a new Kurdish language state television channel , TRT6 , on January 1 . Turk pointed out that paradox in his speech to parliament . "  Despite the Kurdish broadcast on TRT 6 , there is no legal protection  for the language  , " he said . "  Politicians  get punished for speaking Kurdish while Prime Minister  Recep Tayyip  Erdogan speaks Kurdish during rallies . Therefore , Kurdish is forbidden to Kurds yet free for  the ruling party  and the state . " The issue comes ahead of hotly contested elections scheduled to be held on March 29 . Political analysts have said Turkey 's ruling Justice and Development Party , known by its Turkish acronym AKP , is trying to gain votes in the Kurdish southeast , which has traditionally been held by the Democratic Society Party , or DTP . Erdogan 's launching of the Kurdish language channel is considered a historic development not only because speaking the language in parliament is illegal , but also because the Turkish republic for decades officially denied the existence of ethnic Kurds , calling them "  mountain Turks " instead . -- CNN 's Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	Ahmet Turk switched to Kurdish during address to party members Turk decried fact Kurdish language not protected under Turkish law Turkish state broadcaster TRT then cut the broadcast Ironic because Turkey has started a new Kurdish language state TV channel
CNN  Tornadoes , fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains , from the Ozarks eastward to the lower Ohio Valley , on Thursday and Friday , the National Weather Service said . Severe weather is perilous anytime , of course , but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night . "  Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings , " he said . Scattered storms will soak Illinois and Missouri , and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states , the National Weather Service said . By Thursday afternoon , storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky . Earlier this week , severe weather struck the South . Alabama , Arkansas , Oklahoma and Georgia reported large hail . Residents in Shawnee , Oklahoma , were awakened early Wednesday morning by a severe storm producing golf ball-sized hail . "  The hail came out of nowhere so it was kind of shocking , " Sherri McDonald said to CNN in an iReport . The hail dinged her car .	Thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and the Plains Tornadoes could strike Thursday night and Friday
CNN  -- Gamers rejoiced over news that Blizzard Entertainment , the company behind popular role-playing game "  World of Warcraft , " plans to release its first new franchise in 17 years . "  Overwatch " is a team-based shooter game for computers set in a cartoonish version of the not-so-distant future in which a reformed band of heroes battles evil across the planet . Blizzard , which has built a global fanbase through its Warcraft , Starcraft and Diablo franchises , debuted "  Overwatch " Friday in a cinematic-style trailer at BlizzCon 2014 , the company 's fan convention , this weekend at California 's Anaheim Convention Center . The trailer was followed by a gameplay demonstration showing characters such as an armed gorilla and a pistol-wielding Reaper showing off their abilities . A beta version of "  Overwatch " will be available to the public in 2015 , game director Jeff Kaplan told the crowd . The game marks Blizzard 's first foray into the multiplayer shooter genre and its first new franchise in 17 years . It comes on the heels of "  Heartstone , " a World of Warcraft-inspired card game , and "  Heroes of the Storm , " which features characters from other Blizzard games . "  Perhaps the most amazing thing about Overwatch is the fact that it was kept a total secret , a rarity in this industry , " Paul Tassi wrote for Forbes . "  Many were guessing that Blizzard 's big surprise was going to be a new Hearthstone expansion or something along those lines . " Immediate reaction to the announcement was mostly positive , though some wondered if Blizzard should just stick to its tried-and-true franchises . Some fans noted references and allusions to weapons and characters from other Blizzard games .	Gaming company Blizzard debuts "  Overwatch , " first new franchise in years Multiplayer shooter game features disbanded team of superheroes battling evil forces Beta version of "  Overwatch " will be available in 2015 , game director says
CNN  -- Award-winning pianist Roger Williams , who played before nine U.S. presidents and recorded dozens of albums over his long career , died early Saturday in Los Angeles after a struggle with pancreatic cancer , his assistant said . He was 87 . Jacque Heebner , Williams ' personal assistant who said she had known the musician for 77 years , said she was with him inside his home when he died . Even into his final weeks , Williams continued to perform and to champion such causes as music education . He had recently released an album and was under contract for three more , she said . "  There was never a man with a more tender , gentle heart , " Heebner said . "  He was a charming man , even at the age of 87 . " Born Louis Weertz in Omaha , Nebraska , the pianist attended Drake University and the Juilliard School in New York City . He then met Dave Kapp , the founder of Kapp Records , who suggested the musician change his name to Roger Williams , according to a biography on the Hit Parade Hall of Fame website . His break came in 1955 with his recording of "  Autumn Leaves , " going on to have hits on the Billboard charts for four decades , according to his official website . His records include "  Born Free " and themes from the movies "  Doctor Zhivago " and "  Somewhere in Time . " Williams ' success helped land him a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , a 2011 induction into the Hit Parade Hall of Fame and many other honors . He was also a workhorse performer , including long stints headlining shows in Las Vegas in which he played his characteristic blend of originals , classics and works from greats like Duke Ellington and more contemporary composers . Former first lady Nancy Reagan noted in a statement Saturday that Williams played for nine presidential administrations , including her husband 's . She said Ronald Reagan and the pianist "  met as young men , each just getting started , and had been friends for decades . " "  Roger kept in touch long after we left in Washington , " Nancy Reagan said , noting he performed "  many times at the Reagan Library . " "  Roger was a great pianist , a great American and a great friend , " she said . According to Heebner , Williams played and practiced eight hours a day . She said he continued to do so into his final days , adding that his cancer did n't affect his sunny demeanor or sharp mind . "  His oncologist  recently  said his sickness had n't done anything to his intelligence , his quick wit and his charm , " Heebner said . "  He was an amazing person . "	Roger Williams dies Saturday after a battle with pancreatic cancer , his assistant says Born Louis Weertz , he won numerous awards over his prolific music career He performed for 9 presidential administrations , including that of his friend Ronald Reagan Nancy Reagan calls him "  a great pianist , a great American and a great friend "
London  CNN  -- In 1948 , a hospital outside London witnessed the birth of the Paralympic movement , as a Jewish doctor who had fled Nazi Germany sought to change the lives of patients with spinal injuries -- and inspire new hope in them through sport . The first "  Stoke Mandeville Games " were organized in 1948 to coincide with the London Olympics , the second to be held in Britain . Named for the hospital in Buckinghamshire where Prof. Ludwig Guttmann 's pioneering spinal injuries unit was based , the competitors in those initial Games -- 14 men and two women -- took part in a wheelchair archery contest . Many were military veterans injured on the battlefields of World War II . Just a year later , six teams competed at Stoke Mandeville -- with wheelchair netball , a forerunner of wheelchair basketball , being introduced -- as sport became a central part of a rehabilitation process that had been revolutionized by Guttmann . In 1956 , a "  statement of intent " was unveiled for the Games , which were by this time international , according to to the Mandeville Legacy website run by the local authority . It read : "  The aim of the Stoke Mandeville Games is to unite paralyzed men and women from all parts of the world in an international sports movement , and your spirit of true sportsmanship today will give hope and inspiration to thousands of paralyzed people . " Four years later , inspired by Guttmann 's vision , the first official Paralympic Games were held in Rome in tandem with the Olympics . And five decades on , some 4,280 Paralympians from 165 countries -- the largest number ever -- have returned to Britain to compete in what is now the premier international sporting event for those born with disabilities , or disabled by injury or illness . In an echo of those first Stoke Mandeville Games , a number of those competing are military veterans , this time wounded in action in Iraq and Afghanistan . Blinded in Afghanistan The United States ' 227-member 2012 Paralympic team includes 20 military veterans and active-duty service members , almost 10 % of the total . Among them is Navy Lt. Bradley Snyder , blinded last September in Afghanistan when a homemade bomb exploded in his face . He will compete in a swimming event on the anniversary of his injury , the Team USA website says . Described by the United States Association of Blind Athletes as "  an inspiration to others and a true American hero , " Snyder -- who made the swim team while at the U.S. Naval Academy -- returned to the sport within weeks of losing his sight . In order to make the London 2012 team , he 's had to train hard and also learn how to steer a straight course in the lanes of a 50-meter pool without the aid of vision . There 's no doubting his determination . "  I am not going to let blindness build a brick wall around me , " USABA quotes Snyder as saying . "  I 'd give my eyes 100 times again to have the chance to do what I have done and what I can still do . " Veterans of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan also figure in the 300-strong British squad , ParalympicsGB . Cyclist Jon-Allan Butterworth , who lost an arm to shrapnel from a rocket in Basra , southern Iraq , five years ago is one of them . He found his way into elite sport thanks in part to Battle Back , an initiative to boost the recovery of injured military personnel run by the UK Ministry of Defence , with help from UK charities , including Help for Heroes . Butterworth , one of eight former or current British military service personnel selected for the Games , was not an athlete before his injury -- but all that changed when he got on a bike at a talent-spotting day for injured veterans . ` Best thing that 's ever happened ' Within months , Butterworth shed excess pounds , embraced the technical aspects of track racing and started to break national and world records . Three years and two world championship titles later , he is keen to add a Paralympic gold medal to his haul , he told CNN . "  The way I think of it now is , it 's probably the best thing that 's ever happened to me , " he said of his injury . "  I 've met new people . I 've tried a few things out , different sports ; done loads of things that I never did before . It 's kind of made me the person I am today . And I have changed since losing my arm , but I think only for the better . " Martin Colclough , who runs the Battle Back "  Phoenix " program for Help for Heroes and was previously a major in the Royal Army Physical Training Corps , told CNN that Butterworth 's remarkable achievements had been helped by close cooperation between Britain and the United States . Shortly after the Battle Back program was set up in 2008 , a handful of British veterans traveled to San Diego to join dozens of American Paralympians at a sports training camp . There , Butterworth -- who was going through a tricky period in his transition to cycling -- was inspired by U.S. track cyclist Greta Neimanas . Quite literally , she "  lent a hand " by letting Butterworth try out her prosthetic arm , specially engineered for cycling , in place of his all-purpose limb , Colclough said . The gesture gave Butterworth a vital confidence boost . This year , 17 British veterans were the first overseas athletes invited to compete in the "  Warrior Games , " an event for disabled former and current service members staged by the U.S. Olympic Committee  USOC  in Colorado , Colclough said . It 's not necessarily easy for injured veterans to break into elite sport , especially competing against people who may have had decades to adapt to their impairments , rather than perhaps four or five years , Colclough said . But Colclough has high hopes both now and for the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro , by which time the Battle Back program will have been running for twice as long . The self-discipline and mental strength of those from a military background , coupled with the access they have to military training resources , helps them make the most of natural talent and fight to the top , he said . In addition , some UK Paralympic training programs are run alongside the equivalent Olympic programs , so all those involved can access the same sports science experts and groundbreaking technological advances . "  This is not a part-time endeavor , " Colclough said . "  If you want to be world class as a Paralympian , it 's a full-time occupation . " Watching around the world As the competitors from all backgrounds make their final preparations ahead of their big day on the world stage , excitement is building among those set to witness their endeavors . The London organizing committee says more people than ever before are due to attend these Paralympic Games , with a record 2.3 million tickets already sold and more set to be released . In addition , some 4 billion TV viewers around the world are expected to tune in live to the 11-day event , which opens Wednesday , the USOC said . The International Paralympic Committee has said it will also stream more than 780 hours of sport live on its website , www.paralympic.org . In the United States , NBC plans to screen five-and-a-half hours of the Games , in four one-hour shows and a 90-minute special . The USOC says this is more than was broadcast for previous Paralympics , but some disappointed would-be viewers have set up online petitions calling for greater coverage . Over the course of the Games , American athletes will take part in 19 of the 21 sports contested and attempt to improve on their third place in the medal tables in Beijing . Some of the events will be well-known to those who were glued to the Olympics -- athletics , archery , table tennis and cycling among them -- while others , such as goalball , played by the visually impaired , wheelchair rugby and boccia , a game similar to petanque , will be less familiar to many sports fans . Viewers will have to familiarize themselves with a key element in how the Paralympics work -- the system of classification of impairments , designed to ensure that athletes in each sport compete against similarly-abled rivals . The UK government says it hopes the Games will not only inspire more disabled people to embrace sport at all levels , but also help change public perceptions about disability . ` Pride and honor ' One of those at the forefront of breaking down barriers is South African runner Oscar Pistorius , the first double-amputee to compete in both the Olympic and Paralympic Games . Born with missing fibulas -- his legs were amputated below the knees as an infant -- Pistorius uses special carbon fiber prosthetic limbs . Nicknamed "  The Blade Runner , " Pistorius made it to the semifinals of the individual 400-meter and the 400-meter relay final at London 2012 , competing against able-bodied athletes . He will be back in front of the roaring crowds at the Olympic Stadium to defend his Paralympic 100-meter , 200-meter and 400-meter titles . His status as a world-class athlete , as well as a disability pioneer , has seen Pistorius grace the cover of publications from the New York Times Magazine to GQ and Men 's Health in South Africa . He also made it into Time magazine 's list of the 100 most influential people in 2012 . The United States has its own "  Blade Runners " in sprinter Blake Leeper , a double amputee who could challenge Pistorius over 100 meters , and 22-year-old Jarryd Wallace , from Georgia . The latter had his right leg amputated two years ago because of a medical condition but has swiftly transitioned from a talented able-bodied runner to a Paralympic contender . Other U.S. Paralympians to watch in 2012 include swimmer Jessica Long , who took six medals at the Beijing Paralympics , four of them gold , and wheelchair racer Jessica Galli , who won five medals in 2008 and set a world record over 200 meters . "  Our Paralympians embody what it means to be an American , " USOC chief executive Scott Blackmun says on the body 's website . "  They will compete with the pride and honor that is inherent in representing the United States of America , inspiring Americans young and old with their stories of triumph . " Athletes from other nations will similarly dazzle and inspire those around them , as they overcome all odds to take home medals . From its humble beginnings in Stoke Mandeville , the place which also lends its name to one of the one-eyed London 2012 mascots , the Paralympic movement has come a long way . But in its commitment to bringing people together to test and celebrate what they can do , rather than what they can not , its core spirit has remained unchanged . CNN 's Matthew Chance and Jo Shelley contributed to this report .	Paralympic movement was born in Stoke Mandeville , outside London , in 1948 2012 Games will be the biggest yet , with 4,200 competitors from 165 countries In an echo of the first , post-World War II Games , injured veterans are among the athletes They include a U.S. naval officer blinded in Afghanistan and a Briton who lost an arm in Iraq
CNN  A neglected maid , a hit man and a shoe expert are heading to theaters this weekend with the releases of "  Cinderella , " "  Run All Night " and "  The Cobbler . " Here 's what The Hollywood Reporter 's critics are saying about the weekend 's new offerings  as well as which film will likely top the weekend 's box office  . Director Kenneth Branagh 's film stars Cate Blanchett , Lily James , Richard Madden and Helena Bonham Carter in a retelling of the fairy tale about a young woman whose oppressive stepmother stands in the way of her feelings for a dashing prince . THR film critic David Rooney writes in his review that "  anyone nostalgic for childhood dreams of transformation will find something to enjoy in an uplifting movie that invests warm sentiment in universal themes of loss and resilience , experience and maturity . " More : The best and worst adaptations of "  Cinderella " Liam Neeson , Ed Harris and Joel Kinnaman star in director Jaume Collet-Serra 's crime film about a hit man trying to save his estranged son from a revenge plot . THR chief film critic Todd McCarthy writes in his review that the film is Neeson 's "  latest slab of amped-up urban mayhem " and "  consists entirely of angry threats , pointed guns , hiding out from and eluding same , and mad dashes down mean streets on foot and in vehicles . " More : Liam Neeson says he 's quitting action movies in two years Director Alex Gibney 's documentary focuses on Scientology and its ties to Hollywood . "  This impeccably assembled and argued film represents a brave , timely intervention into debates around the organization that have been simmering for some time , " writes THR film critic Leslie Felperin in her review . Adam Sandler , Steve Buscemi , Dustin Hoffman , Ellen Barkin and Dan Stevens star in director Thomas McCarthy 's comedy about a dissatisfied shoe repairman who is magically able to live his customers ' lives by wearing their footwear . THR film critic John DeFore describes the film as "  likeable but ordinary " in his review . A woman is n't pleased when she learns her husband is cheating on her in director Anthony Burns ' dark comedy . Katherine Heigl , Patrick Wilson and Jordana Brewster star . "  The kind of blithely confident , creatively impoverished dud that leaves you slightly stunned someone greenlighted it , the movie has the distinction of feeling like a bad idea from its very first frames , " according to THR film critic Jon Frosch 's review . More "  Cinderella " : Lily James , Richard Madden guess why British actors keep getting cast in Disney fairy tales Pianist Seymour Bernstein is the subject of this documentary from director Ethan Hawke . THR film critic Stephen Farber writers in his review that "  the film is a loving portrait of Seymour Bernstein , " although "  one might want to know a little more about his personal history . " © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Director Kenneth Branagh 's "  Cinderella " stars Cate Blanchett , Lily James Liam Neeson stars in crime film about hit man trying to save his estranged son
Missoula , Montana  CNN  -- The Montana newlywed accused of killing her husband by pushing him off a cliff has traded her bridal gown for an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs . Jordan Linn Graham , who 's charged with second-degree murder , broke down in tears when her mom walked into a courtroom on Wednesday , but remained composed for most of the detention hearing . The 22-year-old 's attorneys asked a judge to release her from jail and place her under home confinement with electronic monitoring . But prosecutors said she should remain behind bars , arguing that she had lied to authorities , tried to cover up the crime and was at risk of harming herself . The judge said he would rule on the matter by Thursday . Prosecutors say that Graham shoved Cody Johnson face-first off a steep cliff just eight days into their marriage . New details in the case emerged during Wednesday 's hearing , including an argument from prosecutors that a fake e-mail account had been created just days after Johnson 's death as part of what appeared to be an attempt to cover up the alleged killing . Graham and Johnson had been married just more than a week when an argument in early July allegedly escalated to a case of second-degree murder . If convicted , Graham will face life in prison . According to a criminal complaint , Graham told a friend she was having second thoughts about marrying Johnson . The complaint said the couple argued the night of July 7 . Upset , they decided to go hiking in Glacier National Park in Flathead County , Montana , where they continued to fight . Graham told police that her husband grabbed her by the arm . She turned and removed his hand . "  Graham stated she could have just walked away , but due to her anger , she pushed Johnson with both hands in the back and as a result , he fell face first off the cliff , " the complaint read . His body was discovered several days later . According to the complaint , Graham changed her story about what happened several times . Graham 's attorney , Michael Donahoe , declined to comment on the case . "  Any time we asked Cody how the relationship was , he always said it was good , " friend Cameron Fredrickson said . "  It 's a complete shock to me . Cody is one of the greatest guys I 've had the opportunity to know . " According to the complaint , Graham reportedly told a friend she planned to talk with Johnson about her reservations on July 7 . The same day , Graham sent the friend a text message saying , "  Oh well , I 'm about to talk to him . " The friend responded , "  I 'll pray for you guys . " Graham wrote back : "  But dead serious if u do n't hear from me at all again tonight , something happened . "	NEW : Jordan Linn Graham 's attorneys ask a judge to release her NEW : Prosecutors argue she should remain behind bars NEW : They say Graham lied to authorities and tried to cover up the crime Graham , 22 , could get life in prison if found guilty of second-degree murder
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi Security Forces captured 66 people believed to be connected to al Qaeda in Iraq terror cells , the U.S. military said Thursday . Members of the Iraqi Security Forces are working in Iraq to capture terrorists and insurgents . The suspects were captured during separate operations in northern Iraq this week , according to a military news release . The suspects included 45 men from al Qaeda in Iraq and 21 suspected terrorists from an umbrella group of al Qaeda in Iraq known as The Islamic State of Iraq , the statement said . The suspects are believed to be part of terror cells responsible for bombings , torturing of civilians , conducting attacks and warning insurgents about upcoming Iraqi and U.S. military operations , the military said . One of the suspects is believed to have conducted more than 12 attacks since July . "  These operations show the ability of Iraqi Security Forces to repeatedly capture criminals who undermine the security of Iraq , " said Lt. Col. Neil Harper , a U.S. military spokesman .	Suspects blamed for bombings , civilian torture , warning insurgents about operations Suspects include 45 men from al Qaeda in Iraq , 21 from the Islamic State of Iraq One of the suspects is believed to have conducted more than 12 attacks since July
CNN  -- Leonard Skinner , the gym teacher who inspired the name of the legendary southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd , has died . The band announced his death on its website , saying Skinner died in his sleep early Monday morning . He was 77 . "  Coach Skinner had such a profound impact on our youth that ultimately led us to naming the band , which you know as Lynyrd Skynyrd , after him , " wrote Gary Rossington , guitarist and a founding member of the band . "  Looking back , I can not imagine it any other way . Our thoughts and prayers are with his family at this time . " Band lore has it that Skinner was a coach and gym teacher at Robert E. Lee High School in Jacksonville , Florida -- and a stickler for the school 's policy against long hair . He reportedly sent several students to the principal 's office for violating the policy , including some who would go on to form an up-and-coming band with a tongue-in-cheek variation on his name . The band formed in the early 1970s and had a string of acclaimed songs , including "  Freebird " and "  Sweet Home Alabama . " In October 1977 , a plane crash in Mississippi killed lead singer Ronnie Van Zant ; guitarist Steve Gaines ; Gaines 's sister , vocalist Cassie Gaines ; an assistant road manager ; and the pilot and copilot . But the band soldiered on , released more than 60 albums and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006 .	Skinner , 77 , dies in his sleep , the band says He was a stickler for the school 's policy against long hair He reportedly sent several students to the principal 's office The band has had several hits , including "  Freebird "
CNN  -- As European consumers shift their drinking habits away from bars and into their homes , industry giants such as Heineken are looking at ways to adapt . Beer sales in bars and restaurants - traditionally the primary outlets for the Dutch brewer 's products - have fallen sharply across the continent in recent years . As a result , Heineken recorded a 4.6 % drop in sales in 2010 , down to â ‚ ¬ 7.89 billion  $ 11.3 billion  . Didier Debrosse , president of Heineken 's Western Europe division , is now looking for way to reflect consumer 's changing needs as the company looks to arrest the drop . He has helped to implement a strategy he hopes will align the brewing giant with the demands of modern European consumers . A key component of the transition so far has seen Heineken move away from its traditional focus on bars and restaurants as primary points of sale . A series of partnerships and promotions with supermarkets such as France 's Carrefour have been established - providing direct access to the home consumer market . Initial results of the link up are promising . Heineken recorded sales 3 % higher at Carrefour stores than at any other outlet in the last year . The key is products which are easier to consume at home , such as a can to drink on the terrace , or a bottle to have with a meal . The aim , Debrosse said , is "  to cover all the consumer moments . " Debrosse is careful , however to maintain a long term definition of success . "  It is a journey , " he says . "  It takes time to build a brand . " CNN 's Eoghan Macguire contributed to this report	Beer sales in European bars and restaurants have fallen sharply in recent years Heineken recorded a 4.6 % drop in sales in 2010 The Dutch brewer has a new strategy it hopes will appeal to European consumers
CNN  The quest to complete the first solar-powered flight around the world moved a bit closer to reality Tuesday . Swiss pilots Bertrand Piccard and Andre Borschberg announced the Solar Impulse 2 aircraft will depart the United Arab Emirates on their historic adventure in late February or early March , making a total of 12 planned stops . The route includes landings in Myanmar ; China ; India ; Phoenix , Arizona ; and New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport . At speeds between 50 and 100 kilometers per hour  31-62 mph  Piccard and Borschberg aim to circle the globe flying about 25 days over a total of about five months . An earlier version of the plane was the first solar-powered aircraft of "  perpetual endurance " to fly "  day and night without a drop of fuel , " according to its website , thanks to advanced solar cells that charge light-weight lithium batteries . The batteries are able to store enough energy to allow the plane to fly long distances at night . Developers say Solar Impulse 2 takes what engineers learned from its predecessor and pushes it a step further . Compare the aircraft 's wingspan to a giant Boeing 747-8 : Solar Impulse 2 is 12 feet wider -- at 236 feet . And it 's very lightweight , just 2 1/2 tons , lighter than a large SUV . With just one seat , designers acknowledge Solar Impulse 2 is n't commercially practical . But that 's not the point . Instead , engineers aim to demonstrate the possibilities of solar-powered aviation and to promote clean-energy technology . Soon , the plane 's unique silhouette may be visible across the horizons of Southern Europe , Africa , Asia and North America . Cities on the planned route include the Chinese communities of Chongqing and Nanjing , as well as Ahmedabad and Varanasi in India . The pilots have already set a few solar aviation records . In 2010 , with Borschberg in the cockpit , a previous Solar Impulse became the first manned plane to fly for 24 hours on nothing but solar-powered batteries . The team followed that up in 2012 , when the plane flew from Spain to Morocco , making it the first manned sun-powered plane to fly to another continent . And in 2013 , Piccard and Borschberg flew an earlier version of Solar Impulse on a mission across the United States . Piccard is a bona fide adventurer -- with world records to prove it . Decades after pioneering ultralight aircraft in the 1970s , Piccard and his colleague Brian Jones were the first to circle the earth nonstop in a balloon in 1999 . Their gondola is displayed at the Smithsonian . Breaking barriers is a Piccard family tradition . His grandfather explored the stratosphere in a pressurized chamber carried by a balloon . Ten miles high , he was the first human to see the curvature of the planet with his own eyes . Piccard 's father plumbed the Pacific , taking a special submarine to a record-setting depth of nearly 7 miles . Borschberg came to the project with more than two decades as a Swiss Air Force fighter pilot .	An attempt at the first solar-powered flight around the globe is set for late February Stops for Solar Impulse 2 include Myanmar , China , India , Arizona and New York Its lithium batteries store enough solar energy for nighttime flight Solar Impulse 2 's giant wings are wider than a 747-8 Jumbo Jet
Officer Darren Wilson recently married another member of the Ferguson Police Department , a source close to Wilson said . According to a St. Louis County marriage license , Wilson on October 24 married Barbara Lynn Spradling , with whom he shares a home in St. Louis . Sparse information was available from the marriage license and application . Wilson , 28 , is nine years younger than his wife and had a previous marriage end in divorce , dissolution or annulment , the application says . This was Spradling 's first marriage . Municipal Judge Christopher Graville performed the service in Oakland , about 15 miles south of Ferguson , the marriage license says . Wilson 's shooting of unarmed teen Michael Brown is being investigated by a St. Louis County grand jury that will decide whether the officer will face charges . He is on paid administrative leave . What happens to Officer Wilson ? A six-year veteran of the Ferguson Police Department , Wilson has not been seen in public since Brown 's killing set off racial tensions in the St. Louis suburb and beyond .	Darren Wilson married another Ferguson police officer , a source and documents say Document : Before his marriage , he shared a home with now-wife Barbara Spradling The October 24 wedding was Spradling 's first marriage and Wilson 's second
Cebu Port , Philippines  CNN  -- Nearly 3,000 survivors of Typhoon Haiyan disembarked from a Philippines naval ship in Cebu Friday , carrying the few possessions they could take with them . Many cradled exhausted children ; a few even carried dogs . Evacuees said they were relieved to have left Tacloban City , which they described as "  dangerous " and even "  hopeless . " They said they could not get access to food or water and feared people were ransacking homes . "  We have survived the typhoon , but how to survive the dangers there , it was very , very hard to imagine , " said Maejoy Vero , who left with her one-year-old son . The sea journey from Tacloban City took roughly 24 hours , in a ship normally used for naval transport . Volunteers greeted those who made it to Cebu , the Philippines ' second largest city . Evacuees received boxes of fried chicken and rice , as well as water . Members of the Philippines Navy helped the elderly and those in wheelchairs . At least one man was carried off the ship in a stretcher . Medical experts stood by to treat the injured . Dr. Lourdes Sasoy , a member of the medical team at the port , said she had seen everything from spinal cord injuries to skin infections . She had treated "  countless " patients , none of whom had access to medical care since the storm . The more severe cases were being sent to local hospitals . Many of the evacuees planned to join family members who live elsewhere in the country , often either in Cebu or Manila , the nation 's capital . Cars and trucks lined the streets outside the naval port with those waiting to pickup survivors . People with nowhere to go will be transported to evacuation centers here in Cebu . INTERACTIVE : Typhoon 's deadly path At least one local sports center is currently being used to provide shelter to victims , according to local officials , while the government works out more long-term plans . "  We are so tired , " said Manilyn Asuncion , who was sitting on board with her extended family , while they waited for relatives to arrive . She and her nieces and nephews were among those holding signs of thanks to the Philippines Navy for getting them out . Another ship plans to leave Tacloban in the next day or two . Asuncion 's niece , eleven-year-old Misheiguel Cahuday , said she was sad to abandon her home in Tacloban City , but she understood the dangers and was trying to embrace the future . "  I 'll have a new life , " she said . CNN 's Anna Coren contributed to this story .	Typhoon survivors arrive in Cebu after 24-hour sea journey from Tacloban Evacuees received boxes of fried chicken and rice , as well as water Many survivors were injured ; medical teams treated spinal injuries , skin infections Cars , trucks lined streets to carry survivors to shelters and other parts of the country
Actress Elizabeth Peña has died of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager told CNN . She was 55 . Peña passed away Tuesday , Gina Rugolo said in a statement . Among her many roles , Peña is known for appearing as the mother of a character played by Sofia Vergara in the ABC sitcom "  Modern Family . " She 's played on both the big and small screens during her more than three-decade career . She also tried her hand at directing , becoming only the fourth Latina member of the Director 's Guild of America when she joined , the statement said . Other career highlights include roles in "  Down and Out in Beverly Hills , " "  La Bamba , " "  Rush Hour , " and "  The Incredibles . " Most recently , Peña appeared in the TV drama "  Matador . " "  I am stunned and heartbroken , just found out about the passing of my friend Elizabeth Peña . She was such a Life Force it 's hard to believe , " tweeted actor Lou Diamond Phillips , who starred in "  La Bamba . " "  Elizabeth was not only an amazing actress , she was one of the most vibrant , wonderful people I have ever known . My prayers to her family , " he said . Peña was born in Elizabeth , New Jersey , and she graduated from New York 's High School of Performing Arts in 1977 . She is survived by her mother , a sister , her husband , and two children . People we 've lost in 2014	"  I am stunned and heartbroken , " tweets actor Lou Diamond Phillips Elizabeth Peña died Tuesday of natural causes after a brief illness , her manager says She is known for appearing as Sofia Vergara 's mother in the ABC sitcom "  Modern Family " Peña is survived by her mother , a sister , her husband and two children
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger III was "  the right guy at the right time at the right moment " to guide a jet safely onto the surface of the Hudson River , a neighbor and friend said . Chesley Sullenberger is an Air Force veteran who has been with US Airways since 1980 . Sullenberger has a cool , calm and collected style -- honed by decades of flight experience and research on safety issues , friend and neighbor John Walberg told the Contra Costa Times newspaper . All 155 passengers and crew aboard Flight 1549 survived . The 57-year-old former Air Force fighter pilot has been flying for more than 40 years , and has been with US Airways since 1980 . His two-page resume is packed with achievements and highlights his broad aviation experience . The pilot speaks internationally on airline safety , and collaborates with the Center for Catastrophic Risk Management at the University of California-Berkeley , whose researchers look for ways to avoid air disasters . Watch a pilot applaud Sullenberger 's skills " Passenger Joe Hart praised the plane 's crew as "  phenomenal , in all respects . " "  Once the pilot said ` brace for impact , ' the flight attendants made sure everybody knew they had to be buckled in and bent over , " Hart said . "  Then they sat in their chairs , strapped themselves in , and in a regular cadence , until we hit the water , they just continued to chant ` brace , brace , brace ' so that nobody would sit up . And that , I think , helped prevent a lot of injuries on impact . " CNN affiliate WKOW in Madison , Wisconsin , identified the co-pilot as Jeffrey Skiles , 49 . Barbara Skiles told WKOW that , in conversations since the incident , her husband has praised the rescue effort . "  He was really grateful and really impressed about the response that they got , how quickly boats were at the side of the airplane , " she said . Sullenberger was primed to help passengers aboard the Airbus A320 survive the crisis , said Karlene Roberts , a university professor who co-directs the center . "  I can imagine him being sufficiently in charge to get those people out , " she said . "  He 's got that kind of personality , which is to his credit . " Watch how passengers call pilot a hero " Sullenberger 's resume is packed with achievements . After graduating from the Air Force Academy in 1973 , he had a brief but distinguished Air Force career during which he flew the Vietnam-era F-4 Phantom fighter jet . He was a flight leader and training officer with experience in Europe and the Pacific and at Nellis Air Force Base , Nevada , where he was the mission commander for Red Flag exercises . The exercises are for advanced aerial combat training , a position delegated to top pilots . Among those who congratulated Sullenberger was Lt. Gen. John Regni , the Air Force Academy superintendent , who graduated with Sullenberger . "  He not only showcased unbelievable airmanship , but exemplary character as well , " Regni said . "  In addition to superb judgment under utmost pressure , by checking his aircraft twice to ensure there were no passengers left behind he epitomized the ` service before self ' concept we strive to instill in our cadets , " Regni said . Sullenberger is president and CEO of Safety Reliability Methods Inc. , a company he founded . The firm provides emergency management , safety strategies and performance monitoring to the aviation industry . He was an instructor and Air Line Pilots Association safety chairman , accident investigator and national technical committee member , according to a biography on the Web site of his company . He participated in several U.S. Air Force and National Transportation Safety Board accident investigations , and worked with NASA scientists on a paper on error and aviation , according to his resume . He was widely praised after Thursday 's forced water landing , apparently caused by a "  double bird strike , " which crippled the plane 's engines . "  It was an amazing piece of airmanship , " said Peter Goelz , a former managing director of the National Transportation Safety Board . Even New York 's mayor had praise . "  It would appear that the pilot did a masterful job of landing the plane in the river and then making sure that everybody got out , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference Thursday . "  I had a long conversation with the pilot . He walked the plane twice after everybody else was off and tried to verify that there was nobody else on board -- and assures us there was not . " Sullenberger 's wife , Lorrie , told CNN that his response was n't surprising . "  This is the Sully I know , she said . "  I always knew this is how he would react . So , to me , this is not something unusual . It 's the man I know to be the consummate professional . " She also told the New York Post on Thursday that her husband "  is about performing that airplane to the exact precision to which it is made . " "  I 've said for a long time that he 's a pilot 's pilot . He loves the art of the airplane , " she said standing with the couple 's two daughters outside their Danville , California , home on Friday . Watch interview with pilot 's wife " She said her husband , who had n't spoken to the media as of noon Friday , was doing well . "  He 's feeling better today . He 's a pilot . He 's very controlled , very professional , " she said . She divulged to CNN that she was stunned to hear the news from her husband after it was all over . "  I had n't been watching the news . I 've heard Sully say to people , ` It 's rare for an airline pilot to have an incident in their career . ' " "  When he called me he said , ` There 's been an accident . ' At first I thought it was something minor , but then he told me the circumstances and my body started shaking and I rushed to get our daughters out of school . "	Air Force Academy superintendent praises pilot 's character Chesley B. "  Sully " Sullenberger III , 57 , is former Air Force fighter pilot Sullenberger has 40 years of flight experience Sullenberger is frequent speaker on airline safety
CNN  The Arizona police officer who intentionally slammed his car into an armed suspect previously faced an excessive force lawsuit in New York , according to court documents . Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006 . Two years after he left , he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that Rapiejko pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him and handcuffed and choked him in front of his family during a 2005 arrest . The lawsuit said Luis Colon had parked his car and gotten out when Rapiejko , with his gun aimed at Colon , ordered him back into the car . During his arrest on charges of obstructing governmental administration , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest , Colon alleged he was yanked from the car , handcuffed and choked . The charges against Colon were dropped six months later . Colon also sued two unnamed officers who arrived after the initial confrontation , court documents show . Colon and the city settled the suit for $ 20,000 . The settlement said the defendants were not admitting to any wrongdoing Rapiejko had resigned voluntarily in 2006 , and there is no indication of any disciplinary action against him from the NYPD , a senior law enforcement official told CNN . The NYPD has said that it will not release further details about Rapiejko . Rapiejko 's actions in Marana , Arizona , in which he drove his patrol car into a man who had fired a rifle in the air minutes earlier and before that had pointed the gun at another officer , have stirred debate about what type of force police should have used . Authorities said no charges have been brought against the officer for the February incident . The suspect , 36-year-old Mario Valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged . Marana police Chief Terry Rozema was asked Wednesday on CNN 's "  New Day " whether police were fortunate that Valencia did n't die . "  That very well may be ... that it 's luck that he is still alive . The fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized , " Rozema said . "  So if he ends up dying in that situation ,  then  he ends up dying , and that 's unfortunate ,  but  that 's not the desire of everybody , " the chief added . In one of the dashcam videos , an officer who was tailing a walking Valencia at slow speed reports over the radio that the suspect has fired one round in the air with a rifle he is accused of stealing that morning from a nearby Walmart . Another patrol car zooms past , runs into the man from behind , then hits a short cinder block wall next to a driveway . Video from Rapiejko 's camera shows the officer 's vehicle running into Valencia , with the windshield smashing as the car hits the wall . Police in Marana justified Rapiejko 's actions . "  We do n't know that if  Rapiejko  lets him go for another 10 seconds ,  Valencia  does n't take somebody out in the parking lot , " Rozema said . "  And then we 're answering some completely different questions : ` Why did n't you act sooner ? ... This guy had a gun ... Why did n't you stop this guy before he shot my wife , before he shot my husband , before he shot my child ? ' " Valencia 's attorney , Michelle Cohen-Metzger , told CNN on Tuesday that "  it is miraculous that my client is n't dead . " "  Everything in the video seems to point towards an obvious excessive use of force , " Cohen-Metzger said . Tucson Police Sgt. Pete Dugan told CNN that Valencia was involved in several crimes there the day he was struck , including a stealing a car that he drove a half hour north to Marana . Valencia faces 15 charges , including three counts of aggravated assault , three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor . Cohen-Metzger said he had a prior record . His next court appearance is May 18 . He is in the Pima County Jail . Marana police on Thursday told CNN 's Miguel Marquez that a store gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered . The wire that goes through the trigger and the lever to reload the gun were loose enough to allow it to still be used , police said . CNN 's Tony Marco , Jason Hanna and Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report .	Officer Michael Rapiejko was sued in New York over claims he used excessive force during an arrest The city settled the lawsuit while Rapiejko and others admitted no guilt Rapiejko left the NYPD voluntarily in 2006 , source tells CNN
Baghdad  CNN  -- A pair of suicide attacks Wednesday morning in Iraq 's Diyala province , north of Baghdad , killed at least 16 people and wounded nearly 100 others , authorities said . A suicide bomber drove a vehicle loaded with explosives into the headquarters compound of Force Protection Services in the heart of the provincial capital of Baquba during morning training , according to police officials in Baquba and Baghdad . Force Protection Services is the Iraqi security agency responsible for protecting the country 's government institutions . At least 13 people were killed and 70 wounded in that attack . Two of those killed were security guards , who were stationed at the first and main checkpoint before the attacker forced his vehicle forward . South of Baquba , a suicide bomber wearing a vest packed with explosives detonated near a convoy carrying the deputy head of Diyala 's provincial council , Sadiq al-Husseini , police said . The attack in al-Ghalbiya killed at least three people and wounded 26 others , including al-Husseini . Al-Husseini 's convoy was traveling with a procession of Shiite pilgrims who were making a four-day trek by foot to Karbala for Arbaeen , a religious observation that falls after 40 days of mourning for Imam Hussein , a grandson of the Prophet Mohammed who was felled in a 7th century battle in the Iraqi city . The three killed in the blast were pilgrims , as were several of the wounded . Thousands of Shiites are making their way to Karbala , and there is fear of more bloodshed ahead of next week 's Arbaeen commemoration . The bloody attacks came a day after a suicide bomber wearing an explosives-packed vest detonated at a police recruitment center in Salaheddin province , also in northern Iraq . That strike killed at least 65 people and wounded 160 others . Five others -- all Shiite pilgrims -- were wounded Tuesday in a separate attack in Taji , just north of Baghdad . Diyala was an al Qaeda stronghold until 2008 , when Iraqi security forces , backed by U.S. troops , conducted major military operations in the province to push the militants out . Awakening Councils also played a major role in hunting down al Qaeda fighters in the province . Awakening Councils , whose members are predominantly Sunni , have been recruited by the U.S. military to work against al Qaeda in Iraq and other militias .	NEW : Three of the dead were Shiite pilgrims headed to the holy city of Karbala A suicide bomber drove an explosives-packed vehicle into a security agency headquarters Another detonated near a convoy carrying a provincial official and escorting pilgrims The attacks came a day after 65 people were killed in Salaheddin province
CNN  -- The Chinese Foreign Ministry demanded Tuesday that CNN 's Jack Cafferty apologize for remarks he made last week , in which he called the Chinese "  goons and thugs " and said products manufactured in China are "  junk . " "  Cafferty used the microphone in his hands to slander China and the Chinese people  and  seriously violated professional ethics of journalism and human conscience , " Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang Yu said Tuesday , according to China 's state-run Xinhua news agency . She said Cafferty 's remarks "  reflected his arrogance , ignorance and hostility towards the Chinese people , ignited indignation of Chinese  at  home and abroad and will be condemned by those who safeguard justice around the world . " CNN issued a statement Tuesday saying : "  We are aware of concerns about Jack Cafferty 's comments related to China in the context of the upcoming Olympics , which were broadcast on The Situation Room on April 9 , 2008 . "  CNN would like to clarify that it was not Mr. Cafferty 's , nor CNN 's , intent to cause offense to the Chinese people , and -LSB- CNN -RSB- would apologize to anyone who has interpreted the comments in this way . "  CNN is a network that reports the news in an objective and balanced fashion . However , as part of our coverage we also employ commentators who provide robust opinions that generate debate . "  On this occasion Jack was offering his strongly held opinion of the Chinese government , not the Chinese people -- a point he subsequently clarified on The Situation Room on April 14 . "  It should be noted that over many years , Jack Cafferty has expressed critical comments on many governments , including the U.S. government and its leaders . " Cafferty , who appears daily on CNN 's "  The Situation Room , " made the remarks as host Wolf Blitzer was comparing today 's China to that of 20 or 30 years ago . "  I do n't know if China is any different , but our relationship with China is certainly different , " Cafferty said . "  We 're in hock to the Chinese up to our eyeballs because of the war in Iraq , for one thing . They 're holding hundreds of billions of dollars worth of our paper . We are also running hundreds of billions of dollars ' worth of trade deficits with them , as we continue to import their junk with the lead paint on them and the poisoned pet food and export , you know , jobs to places where you can pay workers a dollar a month to turn out the stuff that we 're buying from Wal-Mart . "  So I think our relationship with China has certainly changed , " he said . "  I think they 're basically the same bunch of goons and thugs they 've been for the last 50 years . " He issued a clarification of his remarks on Monday 's "  Situation Room , " saying that by "  goons and thugs , " he meant the Chinese government , not the Chinese people . It was unclear whether China 's Foreign Ministry was aware of the clarification when it held the Tuesday news conference . In the days following his remarks , however , the Legal Immigrant Association launched an online petition condemning his statements as "  racist " and "  despicable " and demanding that CNN discipline Cafferty and apologize to the Chinese people . Nearly 45,000 people had signed it as of Tuesday afternoon . In the petition , the association describes itself as "  a leading organization of legal immigrants mainly comprised of people from China . " According to its Web site , the nonprofit group is based in Santa Clara , California , and was founded in 2007 as an organization "  dedicated to the social well-being of employment-based immigrant professionals . " The state-run English-language newspaper China Daily also said in an editorial Tuesday that an apology is called for , calling Cafferty "  pathetic " and noting , "  it is rare for the world audience to hear such a blatant discrimination against an ethnic group of people with such a derogatory connotation . " Others angered by Cafferty 's remarks were urging a boycott of CNN 's advertisers . E-mail to a friend	Cafferty said Chinese are "  goons and thugs " and products are "  junk " China says Cafferty violated the ethics of journalism CNN says he was offering opinion about Chinese government , not its people Online petition says remarks were "  racist " and "  despicable "
Clearwater , Florida  CNN  -- Jury selection in the case of Casey Anthony , who is charged in the death of her 2-year-old daughter , continued Tuesday as attorneys removed several people from the viable jury pool . The day was a setback for Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. of the Orange County Superior Court , who has said he wants to seat a jury as quickly as possible . The selection process has so far lasted eight days . The goal is to have everything finalized for opening statements this week . Attorneys and the judge have rejected potential jurors for reasons ranging from financial hardship to bias . Anthony , 25 , is charged with capital murder in the death of her daughter Caylee . The young girl 's skeletal remains were found in woods near her family 's home in December 2008 after she went missing for six months . Anthony has pleaded not guilty . She faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and misleading law enforcement . Jury selection is taking place at the Pinellas County courthouse in Clearwater , Florida . Attorneys on both sides struck several jurors Tuesday , whittling the potential pool of vetted candidates to just 11 -- six women and five men . Monday ended with 17 such candidates . Those remaining could still be cut before they are sworn in to serve . Twelve jurors and eight alternates were expected to be seated on the jury , which will be moved to and sequestered in Orange County , where the alleged crime happened and where the trial will take place . However , Perry on Monday raised the possibility the trial could move forward with fewer than eight alternates . "  We will have what we will have , " he said . Perry had said previously he would begin swearing in jurors once the number of unrejected candidates reached 15 . Jury selection was moved from Orlando to Clearwater amid intense media coverage of the case , which could make it difficult to select an impartial jury . Prosecutors have said they plan to show Anthony used "  a substance " to kill her daughter . Meanwhile , outside the courthouse , the parents of Casey Anthony are working to obtain trademarks for "  Caylee Anthony " and "  Justice for Caylee , " according to their attorney , in a bid to prevent people from selling products that use their granddaughter 's name . Mark Lippman , who represents George and Cindy Anthony , said they have also sent a demand letter , the first step in filing a claim for libel , to CafePress , a California-based online retailer that markets such products . HLN 's Natisha Lance and In Session 's Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Several people are struck as viable jury pool candidates NEW : Attorneys and the judge have rejected potential jurors for financial hardship and bias Opening statements could begin this week Anthony is accused of killing her daughter and then lying to investigators
CNN  -- Senior Iranian lawmakers are considering a boycott of Samsung , the South Korean electronics and appliance manufacturer , because of a controversial Israeli ad that pokes fun at the nuclear crisis , state-run Press TV of Iran said Friday . Samsung , meanwhile , said it had nothing to do with the commercial . The spot plays off the widely held belief that Israel is behind a series of recent explosions and assassinations connected with Iran 's nuclear program . It shows actors from the popular Israeli comedy series "  AsFur , " dressed as Iranian women and sporting facial hair , meeting up with an agent from Mossad , Israel 's version of the CIA . The women discuss a Samsung tablet with the bored Mossad agent and , by hitting an application on the tablet , accidentally blow up a neighboring nuclear facility . The television spot was produced by HOT , an Israeli cable company that was offering the Samsung product free with a subscription . One version of the ad , on HOT 's website , does not feature the name Samsung on the digital tablet . A video posted on YouTube , however , does include the logo . "  Samsung Electronics is aware of a recent news report in Iranian media regarding an advertisement aired by HOT cable network of Israel , " Samsung said in a statement . "  This advertisement was produced by HOT cable network without Samsung 's knowledge or participation . " A spokeswoman for HOT declined to comment . Iranian leaders were not amused . Press TV said the commercial "  implies that Israel is powerful enough to easily destroy Iran 's nuclear facilities or assassinate the country 's nuclear scientists . " The head of Majlis Energy Committee , Arsalan Fat ` hipour , could declare a "  double-urgency " campaign and impose a "  complete ban on buying all Samsung products , " according to Press TV . Iran and Israel have been engaging in an increasingly heated war of words about the possibility of Israel striking Iranian nuclear facilities . At a security conference Thursday , Israel 's defense minister again talked about a potential strike . "  Dealing with a nuclear Iran will be far more complex , far more dangerous and far more expensive in blood and money than stopping it today , " he said . "  In other words , those who say in English ` later ' may find later is too late . " At Friday prayers in Tehran , Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , hit back . "  The Zionist regime is really the cancerous tumor of this region and needs to be removed and will be removed , " he said to applause . CNN 's Susannah Lee contributed to this report .	Samsung says the ad was produced without the company 's knowledge or participation The ad plays off the belief that Israel is behind recent explosions in Iran It shows an Iranian nuclear facility exploding because of a Samsung tablet application Press TV : An Iranian official could impose a "  complete ban on buying all Samsung products "
From his run-in with the cops to that time he was caught with marijuana , Brad Taylor certainly got into his fair share of trouble on "  Home Improvement . " But Zachery  Ty  Bryan , who played Tim "  The Tool Man " Taylor 's oldest son on the series for eight years , says he prides himself on being a child star "  that 's done well . " "  I had phenomenal parents , " he told CNN . "  They kept me very grounded , and I lived a normal life . " A life that included playing team sports and attending "  regular school " during his time off from filming . Since the show concluded in 1999 , Bryan has appeared on episodes of "  Boston Public , " "  Center of the Universe " and "  Veronica Mars . " He can also be seen in 2006 's "  The Fast and the Furious : Tokyo Drift . " But the former child star no longer makes a living in front of the camera . Now known as Zachery Bryan  he dropped his middle name shortly after "  Home Improvement " ended  , the 30-year-old works as a producer in Beverly Hills . Bryan founded Vision Entertainment Group Inc. with his friend Adam Targum in 2009 . " ` Home Improvement ' was the key in the ignition that started the engine , " he said . "  It not only was financially great for me and my family , but it was such a learning experience . ... I can sit in a meeting with someone twice my age and have close to the same experience . I 've always looked at ` Home Improvement ' and my early-age success as an opportunity to learn and be able to eventually put on this cap that I 'm wearing now . " For now , Bryan says , that cap will be worn solely behind the camera . " -LSB- Acting -RSB- is not my primary focus right now , but I never count it out , " he said , noting that he does n't plan on appearing in any of the films he produces . Ever since the "  Home Improvement " cast reunited for an Entertainment Weekly photo shoot in 2011 , fans have been crossing their fingers for a reunion episode . Of course , the Taylor family patriarch is busy starring on "  Last Man Standing , " which is essentially "  Home Improvement " with three daughters . "  Tim Allen  is a smart man , " Bryan said . Despite his preference for comedies and love stories , Bryan 's production company produced the horror film "  Rogue River , " which comes out on DVD Tuesday . Bryan calls the flick his homage to the 1990 psychological thriller "  Misery . " "  I get really scared , " he said , "  but I can watch ` Rogue River ' over and over because I know what 's going to happen . "	Bryan played Tim "  The Tool Man " Taylor 's oldest son on "  Home Improvement " for eight years Bryan founded Vision Entertainment Group Inc. with his friend Adam Targum in 2009 Since 1999 , Bryan has appeared on episodes of "  Boston Public " and "  Veronica Mars "
Minot , North Dakota  CNN  -- Minot and other North Dakota cities dealing with record flooding will continue to be threatened by the Souris River for days to come , even though the water is no longer rising along parts of the river , a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers commander said Monday . Although the river crested in Minot early Sunday morning , it has only dropped a fraction of an inch since -- leaving crews with the tense , around-the-clock job of constantly inspecting and shoring up emergency levees built to protect critical structures , said Lt. Col. Kendall Bergmann , deputy district engineer for the Corps ' St. Paul District . "  We 're 99 % complete , but it 's an ongoing fight , " Bergmann said Monday . The river had crested in Minot and appeared to be cresting in the downstream community of Velva , Bergmann said . The remaining communities along the U.S. portion of the river -- which begins in Canada and loops back into that country downstream of Minot -- do not appear threatened , he said . Overnight , crews had to deal with floodwaters seeping through storm sewer drains and levees , but none of those issues posed major threats , he said . Workers had to build another ring levee near the Broadway Bridge to protect that critical north-south route through Minot from being cut off , Bergmann said . National Guard helicopters also had to drop one-ton sandbags around a school to keep it from flooding . The Souris River crested Sunday at Minot at nearly 13 feet over flood stage -- below earlier predictions , but still almost 4 feet above an 1881 record , according to the National Weather Service . The river had fallen about 6 inches as of Monday morning , according to the weather service , and is predicted to remain above the 1881 record into next week . The state was scheduled to open three recovery centers in North Dakota on Monday -- two in Minot and one in Bismarck -- for residents in the throes of the record-setting floods . Residents can visit the locations to find out about assistance programs and have their questions answered , Gov. Jack Dalrymple told reporters . But , he said , it is not necessary for residents to visit the centers to register for disaster assistance , which can be done by telephone or online . Dalrymple said a tour of the area Sunday was "  sobering , to say the least . " A boil-water order , issued as a precaution Saturday , remained in effect . Minot officials told residents that tap water should be boiled for at least a minute before consuming in order to kill any dangerous organisms . Republican Rep. Rick Berg said he had been in touch with officials in Washington -- which has authorized FEMA to grant assistance -- and expressed optimism that the government will work well with residents to overcome the challenges . "  You 're seeing people at the highest levels working together , putting politics behind them , " said North Dakota 's lone congressman . Many residents of Minot who evacuated ahead of the rising water returned to the area Sunday against the recommendations of the city officials , hoping to catch a glimpse of their homes , said CNN 's Jim Spellman . Spellman said when he toured the hardest-hit area by boat , several residents gave him their addresses and asked him to check on their homes . Everyone was hoping his or her home might be the one that was spared , he said , but he had to bring back bad news . "  It 's a somber feeling , sitting here , " said resident Steve Knab . He recalled "  listening to the sirens go off , and they evacuated us , and coming back the next day and seeing this ... it 's disheartening . " But , he said , "  We 'll get there . We 're healthy . " Evacuee Robin Taylor said residents have been helping one another . When her family had to evacuate in a hurry , neighbors on both sides pitched in , she said . Jim Sarroll has lived in Minot his entire life . He has sandbagged his home , located just outside the evacuation zone , with the help of neighbors , and said Sunday it was dry so far . He was , however , very concerned about the water . "  I flushed my toilet this morning , and the water was red , " he said . Still , he said he was able to see the positives , when neighbors , relatives and friends bond to get through a disaster the best they can . CNN 's Ed Payne , Alexandra Steele , Mike Pearson , Holly Yan , Phil Gast and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : Crest appears to be passing Velva , North Dakota , Corps commander says NEW : Flood fight will continue for some time , Lt. Col. Kendall Bergmann says 3,000 to 4,000 homes have been affected by floodwater in Minot "  It 's disheartening , " says resident Steve Knab
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama 's recess appointments to a federal agency -- made without Senate confirmation -- will be reviewed by the Supreme Court , the court announced Monday . It will mark a major constitutional test of executive power . At issue is whether three people named to the National Labor Relations Board lack authority because the presidential appointments were made while the Senate was technically in a "  pro forma " session during the 2011-12 winter holiday break . The case sets up a high-stakes Supreme Court fight between the other two branches of government . Oral arguments will be held in public session later this year or early next . Republican and Democratic lawmakers in the past have used the "  virtual Congress " tactic to block unilateral appointments by the president when the Senate is away . A federal appeals court in January determined the NLRB "  could not lawfully act , as it did not have a quorum . " Republicans had claimed the appointments to the board created a panel that was overly pro-union , and an eventual high court ruling could invalidate hundreds of findings issued over the past two years . What the justices decide could also put in jeopardy the recess appointment of Richard Cordray , who heads the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , a move also being challenged in a separate lawsuit . "  Allowing the president to define the scope of his own appointments power would eviscerate the Constitution 's separation of powers , " said the judges from the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in their January 25 ruling . "  An interpretation of ` the recess ' that permits the president to decide when the Senate is in recess would demolish the checks and balances inherent in the advice-and-consent requirement , giving the president free rein to appoint his desired nominees at any time he pleases , whether that time be a weekend , lunch , or even when the Senate is in session and he is merely displeased with its inaction . This can not be the law . " Justices to hear abortion-related case for review The White House has said it believes the pending case will not affect Cordray 's appointment , but did express displeasure with the appeals court 's January action . "  The decision is novel and unprecedented . It contradicts 150 years of practice by Democratic and Republican administrations , " said Jay Carney , White House press secretary . "  So we respectfully , but strongly disagree with the rulings . There have been -- according to the Congressional Research Service -- something like 280-plus intra-session recess appointments by Democratic and Republican administrations dating back to 1867 . That 's a long time and quite a significant precedent . " There was no immediate reaction from the White House or congressional leaders Monday to the Supreme Court 's decision to intervene and offer the final legal word . Eighteen months ago , Obama had defended his moves after Senate Republicans earlier blocked giving Cordray a floor vote . "  When Congress refuses to act and as a result hurts our economy and puts people at risk , I have an obligation as president to do what I can without them , " the president said in January 2012 . "  I will not stand by while a minority in the Senate puts party ideology ahead of the people they were elected to serve . " Senate Republicans had applauded the earlier court decision . "  The D.C. Circuit Court today reaffirmed that the Constitution is not an inconvenience but the law of the land , agreeing with the owners of a family-owned business who brought the case to the court , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said in a written statement . Some GOP lawmakers also accused the president of flip-flopping on the issue . When he was a senator , Obama criticized then-President Bush 's recess appointment of John Bolton as ambassador to the United Nations . High court poised for a week of high-stakes rulings Cordray was named the same day as the three NLRB appointments , which gave the board a full panel for the first time in a year . Two of the members were Democrats , the other a Republican . The lawsuit was brought by Noel Canning , a family-owned Yakima , Washington , bottling company , which complained the NLRB unfairly ruled in favor of Teamsters Local 760 during contract negotiations . Company executives said the board lacked a binding quorum because the recess appointments made by Obama were not legal . "  Small-business owners throughout the country have suffered under the unabashedly pro-union decisions handed down by the NLRB , " said Karen Harned , executive director of the National Federation of Independent Business , which filed an amicus brief in the case . "  They deserve to be protected from unconstitutional acts that exacerbate the NLRB 's devolution from a neutral arbiter between labor and employers to a pro-union government agency . " The issue has sharpened tensions between the White House and Congress . The nation 's founders placed the power to make recess appointments in the Constitution to ensure government could operate , back when Congress did not meet year-round . Over the decades , presidents of both parties have used them for political and practical purposes . Since May 2011 , Republicans have been relying on a little-known procedure to keep the chamber in session , even when it was not really conducting any business -- in order to stop the president from making those recess appointments . The legal basis comes from a 1993 Department of Justice brief saying the president should act only if the Senate is in official recess more than three days . So , party leaders had arranged for a single Republican lawmaker to show up every three days and gavel the Senate to order , wait around for a while , gavel it to a close , then leave . Legal experts have disagreed on both the tactical and timing procedures by the Senate , and whether the president has unilateral authority to override those legislative tactics . The case to be decided by the high court is Noel Canning v. NLRB  12-1115  .	President Obama had appointed NLRB members during a Senate holiday break Lawmakers had used a "  virtual Congress " tactic to prevent such appointments A U.S. Court of Appeals had ruled the appointments unconstitutional
Maumelle , Arkansas  CNN  -- A man whose naked body was found next to a sleeping TV weatherman in an unfilled tub earlier this month died from asphyxiation , authorities said Thursday , but there was "  no indication " he was strangled . Maumelle , Arkansas , police Lt. Jim Hansard noted that the medical examiner cited other contributing factors in 24-year-old Dexter Williams ' death , including intoxication with methamphetamine and amphetamines . Police said the investigation remains open and there is "  no indication  from the medical examiner  in any way that there was a strangulation , ' and the manner of death remains ` undetermined . " Police say Williams ' body was discovered September 5 in a hot tub with former TV meteorologist Brett Cummins . Cummins , 33 , has not been charged in the case . He has since resigned from KARK-TV in Little Rock . The owner of the home , Christopher Barbour , found Williams ' body at the bottom of an empty tub , his face blue and purple and a chain resembling a dog collar around his neck , according to a Maumelle police report . Maumelle police will soon turn the case over to the Pulaski County Prosecutor 's Office , which will determine whether any charges will be filed .	Dexter Williams died of asphyxiation , medical examiner rules Williams was found in a hot tub with local weatherman Brett Cummins Police say there 's "  no indication ... there was a strangulation "
Muscat , Oman  CNN  -- Bone-chilling cold is virtually unimaginable to the people of Oman , where temperatures routinely hit 50 degrees Celsius  122 degrees Fahrenheit  during the hot season . So when Bader Al Lawati and Ameer Abdulhussain first began experiencing temperatures as low as minus 35 degrees Celsius -- for two hours a time , three times a week , over a period of six months -- they found it "  a bit of a shock " to say the least , said Al Lawati . "  That was the first time we were exposed to something that cold , " said the 27-year-old . The pair -- who refer to themselves as "  the Freezing Omanis " -- subjected themselves to the grueling sessions in an industrial freezer near the capital , Muscat , to acclimatise ahead of a far greater challenge ahead . Earlier this month , they set off from Ushuaia , Argentina on a two-week expedition to Antarctica as part of the Antarctic Youth Ambassador Program , operated by 2041 , an environmental NGO committed to protecting the frozen continent . Their trip , alongside 28 other participants from across the world , is intended to promote environmental protection of Antarctica and ensure the extension of the Protocol on Environmental Protection to the Antarctic Treaty -- the treaty prohibiting drilling and mining on the southern continent that runs until 2041 . "  We obviously know we need to do a lot of physical training , a lot of stamina , endurance training ... to get our physical ability up to standard , " said Abdulhussain . "  But then comes the whole aspect of the cold . It 's extremely cold down there , extremely windy . " Read more : Beauty and the beast in the UAE . While Antarctica might seem a world removed from Oman , the pair do n't see it that way . "  Instead of thinking of Oman just as Oman , think of the world as one single ecosystem , " said Al Lawati . Oman , with its diverse , and in many places unspoiled landscape , has been something of a regional leader in environmental awareness . It was the first country in the Gulf to launch an environmental agency , although it still has some way to go . Oman is ranked 110 out of 132 nations surveyed in environmental sustainability over the past decade , according to Yale University 's 2012 Environmental Performance Index . Al Lawati said the coastline where his grandfather taught him to fish and swim as a child is now routinely covered in litter . "  Anywhere around the shoreline you find fishing nets discarded , plastic bags , cans ... trash all around . That should n't happen with a place this beautiful . " But Lamees Daar , the executive director of conservation NGO the Environment Society of Oman , said the country intended to learn from the errors of other nations by preserving its environment . "  We are very lucky we 're at a time where industry and tourism is coming up in Oman , and we can make that difference now and learn from other peoples ' mistakes around the world , " he said . The "  Freezing Omanis " say that once they 're back from Antarctica they will have a renewed purpose to campaign for the environment at home . "  I want to come back and learn how to preserve that more , " said Al Lawati .	A pair of Omani environmental activists have joined an Antarctic expedition In preparation , they have been chilling their bodies in an industrial freezer for months Temperatures can often hit 50 degrees Celsius in Oman The expedition is to raise awareness of Antarctica 's ecological importance
CNN  -- The head of a U.N. nuclear watchdog group said Friday a deal with Iran over its nuclear program is likely in January , an agreement that will also allow inspectors to gain access to a military complex where Tehran is believed to be testing nuclear materials . The news followed reports that the International Atomic Energy Agency wrapped one-day talks in Iran over its nuclear program , widely suspected by the United States and other Western nations as a front for the country 's development of nuclear weapons -- a charge Iran has repeatedly denied . "  We have agreed to meet again on 16 January next year , where we expect to finalize the structured approach and start implementing it then shortly after that , " IAEA chief inspector Herman Nackaerts told reporters after returning to Vienna , Austria . Read more : CNN Fact Check : Iran and the Bomb The talks between Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  were aimed at jump-starting negotiations , while allowing agency inspectors to gain access to a military complex where Tehran is suspected of testing nuclear materials . Access to the Parchin military complex , just outside Tehran , is a key element in the negotiations . "  We have not been given access to Parchin this time . But as you know access to Parchin is part of the structured approach , and we hope as I said that we will implement that shortly , " Nackaerts said . Read more : U.N. watchdog : Iran makes significant nuclear steps Iran 's liaison to IAEA , Ali Asghar Soltanieh , characterized the talks as constructive , according to state-run news agency IRNA . The report stopped short of saying whether the talks included discussion about investigators getting access to Parchin , which was requested at a meeting in November in Vienna , Austria . The next round of talks were scheduled for January 16 , Soltanieh told IRNA . The IAEA also confirmed the talks would continue on that day . The United States , meanwhile , slapped new sanctions on Iran on Thursday , targeting a handful of companies and individuals it says are providing materials and technology to Tehran 's nuclear program . The sanctions , announced by the U.S. State and Treasury departments , are the latest to target Iran 's economy as well as its ability to develop nuclear material . Read more : U.N. nuclear agency expresses ` serious concern ' about Iran nuke activity The sanctions were essential "  given Iran 's continued intransigence on its nuclear program , " said Victoria Nuland , the U.S. State Department spokeswoman . Among the targets of the latest sanctions is Prof. Fereydoun Abbasi Davani , the head of the Iran Atomic Energy Organization . Abbasi Davani and his wife survived a car bomb two years ago that Tehran has blamed on Israel . At least four scientists associated with Iran 's nuclear program have been killed since 2010 . The companies being targeted with sanctions : FaraTech , the Neda Industrial Group , Aria Nikan Marine Industry , Towled Abzar Boreshi , Iran Pouya , Terjerat Gostar and Tarh O Palayesh . Read more : Inspection at Iran nuclear facility finds higher-level traces of uranium , U.N. says The sanctions freeze the companies ' assets and prohibit business dealings in or with the United States . Companies and banks that defy the U.S. sanctions could be cut off from the U.S. financial system , the State and Treasury departments said . Iran maintains its nuclear program is for civilian energy purposes only . But the IAEA has said it can not verify whether the intent of the program is for peaceful means . A number of Western nations have placed economic and arms-related sanctions on Iran since November 2010 when the IAEA said Tehran was pursuing technology that could be used to build nuclear weapons . Since then , Iran has been hit by the United States and the European Union with an oil embargo as well as sanctions targeting its banks and number of its businesses . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne reported from London and Chelsea J. Carter from Atlanta .	NEW : IAEA and Iran close to an agreement , nuclear watchdog chief says Iran calls the talks "  constructive " but does not address access to Parchin Prof. Fereydoun Abbasi Davani is among those being slapped with sanctions Abbasi Davani , the head of Iran atomic agency , survived a bomb that Iran blamed on Israel
CNN  -- Word that a teenager climbed aboard a whale for a ride has sent Australian officials to the beach , to warn others not to try such a stunt . "  Adult southern right whales can reach 18 meters  59 feet  in length and weigh up to 80 tons . If you are in the way of a tail slap or when it breaches , you are unlikely to survive , " said Mike Shephard , a district manager for the Australian Department of Environment and Conservation . A witness said the whale rider boarded a southern right whale on Friday afternoon about 20 meters  66 feet  off Middleton Beach , in the Western Australian city of Albany , the environmental agency said . The witness took a photograph and was to turn it over to authorities . But authorities will not release the image , because it will be part of the investigation , a spokeswoman for the agency said Monday afternoon . No further leads had emerged , she said . "  Southern right whales come close to shore to rest and to allow calves to gain strength in calm waters . Disturbance or physical contact with them , either deliberate or accidental , not only distresses the whales , but also could result in a tragic outcome for a foolhardy person , " the environmental agency said in a news release . People risk a $ 10,000 AUD  $ 9,585 USD  fine if they come closer than 30 meters  98 feet  to the whales , officials said . Southern right whales migrate along southern Australia from June to October . Right whales reportedly came by their name because they 're relatively easy for whalers to hunt . In the 2002 movie "  The Whale Rider , " a Maori girl rides a whale in her struggle to become the chief of her tribe in New Zealand .	A witness reported that a teenage boy climbed aboard a whale for a ride Southern right whales migrate along southern Australia from June to October People risk a $ 9,585 fine if they come closer than 98 feet to the whales
CNN  -- Joe Kubert , the DC Comics artist who started a school to train future illustrators , has died at age 85 , a school official said Monday . Kubert died Sunday of multiple myeloma , a cancer that attacks bone marrow , said Mike Chen , the academic director of the Kubert School in Dover , New Jersey . He was one of the creators of the long-running "  Sgt. Rock , " which followed a U.S. infantry squad in World War II , and "  Enemy Ace , " which told stories of both world wars from the perspective of a German fighter pilot . "  We 're very saddened at the loss of our founder and our guide , " Chen told CNN . "  He was the heart and soul of the school . If it was n't for him and his wife Muriel Kubert , there would be many , many cartoonists in the field both here in the United States and abroad that would not be in cartoons . " Kubert started the school in 1976 and was still drawing for DC up until his death , contributing to a recent series of prequels to the 1986 graphic novel "  Watchmen . " In a statement issued Monday , DC co-publishers Jim Lee and Dan DiDio offered "  our prayers , our sympathy and our deepest appreciation for everything he 's contributed to comics over the course of his life and career . " DC , like CNN , is a division of communications conglomerate Time Warner .	Kubert helped create the DC Comics character Sgt. Rock He started a school for comic artists in 1976 Kubert died Sunday of multiple myeloma
CNN  -- Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Abdelati Obeidi flew to Greece Sunday to deliver a personal message from Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi , a Greek foreign ministry official told CNN . Libya asked Greece to allow a special envoy to travel there to communicate a message , Greek foreign ministry spokesman Grigoris Delavekouras said . The nature of that message was not immediately known . Obeidi met with Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou Sunday night , according to Greek Foreign Minister Dimitris Droutsas . "  We stressed -- reiterated -- the clear message of the international community . One of full support and implementation for the decisions of the United Nations , immediate ceasefire and an end to violence , particularly against Libyan civilians , " Droutsas said after the meeting . "  From what the Libyan envoy said , it is clear that the administration is looking for a solution , " he added . Obeidi is expected to continue talks in Turkey and Malta , according to Droutsas . The envoy crossed the Libyan border into Tunisia Sunday morning , and from there boarded a private Greek plane for Athens . Obeidi is the Libyan deputy foreign minister in charge of European affairs . Journalists Houda Zaghdoudi and Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report	NEW : Libya 's deputy foreign minister for European affairs meets with the Greek prime minister NEW : The envoy is expected to continue talks in Turkey and Malta , Greek officials say "  It is clear that the  Libyan  administration is looking for a solution "
CNN  -- Who to believe about the CIA 's program of enhanced interrogation -- aka , torture ? On the one hand , the Senate 's report states that it did n't produce any intelligence that could not have been gained by other means , that it amounted to brutality for the sake of being brutal . On the other hand , former Vice President Dick Cheney has asserted that the report is "  full of crap , " and that he is personally satisfied that the program was necessary and useful . It seems as if an attempt to gain insight into what the state secretly does to those who threaten it is now being recast as a partisan debate . And that 's tragic , because while some element of petty politics may indeed be involved -- as identified by former Democratic Sen. Bob Kerrey , no less -- it should n't distract from the national , moral challenge raised by this report . The challenge for the United States is how to best strike the balance between freedom and security . Cheney 's big government conservatives would argue that liberty sometimes has to be surrendered in order to protect life and limb -- and that this trade-off is a no-brainer when the people being asked to make the sacrifice are n't even U.S. citizens and are self-evidently a threat to the United States . In short : Who really cares what happens to America 's enemies ? There are two problems with that perspective . First , immoral acts are immoral acts regardless of who they are carried out against . All people are owed their dignity . That principle is there in Genesis : "  So God created man in his own image , in the image of God he created him ; male and female he created them . " And it 's there in the U.S. Declaration of Independence : All men are "  created equal " and "  endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights . " So if the state does terrible things to foreigners , it is , logically , violating what are held to be the universal rights of all people . And make no mistake : The CIA violated rights when it practiced its "  enhanced interrogations . " The report contains examples of a prisoner being forced to play Russian roulette , threats to sexually abuse family members , and a detainee dying of suspected hypothermia due to neglect . Such moral outrages are no less outrageous because they happened to bad people who ca n't vote in a U.S. election . Second , faced with the gruesome details of this torture , we are compelled to question the idea that surrendering a little liberty to the state will result in increased security . It is true that there have been no more successful terrorist attacks on U.S. soil . But intelligence operations have not noticeably made the world outside America any safer , because they do not address the political , religious and economic factors driving Islamism . In my country of Great Britain , a soldier was virtually decapitated in the street by radicals -- both known , incidentally , to our security services . Iraq and Syria are fighting off a caliphate . American diplomatic personnel have been killed in Libya . It may well be true that the horrors could have been greater without the CIA 's dirty work . But , things that did not happen can not be properly assessed . How does Dick Cheney prove such an unknown unknown ? Moreover , any state apparatus that operates beyond the law can not truly be regarded as operating in the interests of the law . Covert operations in the 1970s designed to destabilize proto-communist movements did not produce healthy democracies , but resulted in the creation of authoritarian regimes that , without any regard for constitutional niceties , abused their own people . The very fact that so much secret activity is found to operate outside the bounds of congressional oversight and , potentially , the Constitution itself suggests that it is more anarchic than conservative . We can see the consequences of having too much faith in state institutions permitted to use violence in the recent riots over the Michael Brown killing in Ferguson , Missouri . A tendency towards confrontation and an over-armed police force did not bring order , but instead created the conditions under which the town descended into chaos . Do not presume , as Dick Cheney does , that the use or threat of state violence will guarantee civil peace . On the contrary , undermining liberty can also result in undermining stability . We may find that public interest in this scandal wanes . The 2016 elections will neither be determined by candidates ' stances on the NSA surveillance controversy , nor , probably , will the fate of a few terrorists trouble primary voters . Remember that George H.W. Bush did not suffer in the 1988 election for his alleged role in Iran-Contra -- indicating that voters often tolerate what many regard as an excess of well-intentioned enthusiasm in defending the nation . But they ought to feel different . The proper functioning of a democratic republic does not exclusively rely upon having a moral leadership . It also requires having a moral citizenry that regularly scrutinize the things done in its name .	Timothy Stanley : Dick Cheney says torture report is "  crap , " program was necessary , useful Stanley : How can U.S. balance freedom , security ? 2 problems with justifying torture for safety Stanley : Torture violates universal rights ; where 's proof it stops terror ? Stanley : Do citizens care about fate of a few terror suspects ? They should . Democracy needs morality
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Dr. Conrad Murray , personal physician to Michael Jackson , was charged Monday with involuntary manslaughter in connection with the pop star 's death last summer . A criminal complaint filed earlier in the day alleged that Murray "  did unlawfully , and without malice , kill Michael Joseph Jackson . " Murray turned himself in shortly before 4 p.m. at a branch courthouse near Los Angeles International Airport . He pleaded not guilty during a brief hearing before Judge Keith L. Schwartz . The judge set bail at $ 75,000 , despite arguments from prosecutor David Walgren that Murray is a flight risk . The judge refused to suspend Murray 's medical license as a term of his bond , but he did order him not to use any anesthesia on patients . "  I do n't want you sedating people , " Schwartz told Murray . Read the criminal complaint The involuntary manslaughter charge means that Murray caused Jackson 's death by acting "  without due caution and circumspection . " If convicted , Murray would face a maximum four-year prison sentence , according to prosecutors . More on involuntary manslaughter Members of Michael Jackson 's family -- including his parents Joe and Katherine Jackson , sister La Toya Jackson , and brothers Jackie , Jermaine , Randy and Tito Jackson -- attended the hearing . "  Not enough , " Jermaine Jackson said when asked what he thought of the charge . "  I do n't like what happened , " Joe Jackson said as he left the courthouse . La Toya Jackson later issued a statement through a publicist . "  Michael was murdered and although he died at the hands of Dr. Conrad Murray , I believe Dr. Murray was a part of a much larger plan , " her statement said . "  There are other individuals involved and I will not rest and I will continue to fight until all of the proper individuals are brought forth and justice is served . " Her statement did not elaborate on what she meant in her reference to "  a much larger plan . " Murray traveled to Los Angeles at the end of January from his home in Houston , Texas , in expectation of possible charges , his lawyer said . He used part of his time last week to visit the pop star 's resting place in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale , California . Murray , a cardiologist , was hired as Jackson 's personal physician last spring as the singer prepared for comeback concerts in London , England . The doctor told Los Angeles police that he was with Jackson at his $ 100,000-a-month rented Holmby Hills mansion through the early morning hours of June 25 , 2009 , in an effort to help the pop star fall asleep , according to a police affidavit . He administered sleep aids , and after Jackson finally began sleeping in the late morning hours , Murray said , he left the bedroom for "  about two minutes maximum , " the affidavit says . "  Upon his return , Murray noticed that Jackson was no longer breathing , " it says . The doctor stayed with Jackson as an ambulance rushed him to UCLA Medical Center . Efforts at CPR proved fruitless , and Jackson was pronounced dead at 2:26 p.m. . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled Jackson 's death a homicide , resulting from a combination of drugs , primarily propofol and lorazepam . The coroner 's statement said Jackson died from "  acute propofol intoxication , " but there were "  other conditions contributing to death : benzodiazepine effect . " Lorazepam and two other drugs Murray said he used are benzodiazepines . The doctor told investigators he had given Jackson three anti-anxiety drugs to help him sleep in the hours before he stopped breathing , a police affidavit said . Murray had been treating Jackson for insomnia for six weeks at the time of the singer 's death . The doctor told investigators he gave Jackson 50 milligrams of propofol , the generic name for Diprivan , diluted with the anesthetic lidocaine every night via an intravenous drip . The doctor told police he was worried that Jackson was becoming addicted to the drug and tried to wean him off it . During the two nights before Jackson 's death , Murray said , he put together combinations of other drugs that succeeded in helping Jackson sleep . The full autopsy report , which was released Monday afternoon , included an analysis by an anesthesiology consultant of the use of propofol . The consultant , Dr. Selma Calmes , concluded that the "  standard of care for administering propofol was not met . " "  There was no evidence of an infusion pump for control of an IV infusion . No monitors were found at the scene ; a blood pressure cuff and portable pulse oximeter were recovered from a closet in the next room , " Calmes wrote . An oxygen tank was found near where Jackson slept , but it was empty when the coroner investigator checked it two weeks after Jackson died , Calmes said . "  Multiple opened bottles of propofol were found with small amounts of remaining drugs , " Calmes said . "  A used bottle should be discarded six hours after opening , to avoid possible bacterial growth . " "  The level of propofol found on toxicology exam are similar to those found during general anesthesia for major surgery , " Calmes said . During such surgery , any patient would be "  intubated and ventilated by an anesthesiologist , " she said . The consultant 's report said that the level of lorazepam found in Jackson "  would have accentuated the respiratory and cardiovascular depression from propofol . " CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Charge "  not enough , " says Michael Jackson 's brother Jermaine DA 's office in L.A. files complaint alleging single count of involuntary manslaughter Dr. Conrad Murray was Jackson 's physician when the singer died on June 25 Jackson 's father , Joe Jackson , will discuss the case tonight at 9 ET on "  Larry King Live "
After a 10-year chase taking it billions of miles across the solar system , the Rosetta spacecraft made history Wednesday as it became the first probe to rendezvous with a comet on its journey around the sun . "  Thruster burn complete . Rosetta has arrived at comet 67P . We 're in orbit ! " announced the European Space Agency , which is leading the ambitious project , on Twitter . Rosetta fired its thrusters on its final approach to Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko , known as "  Chury " for short , on Wednesday morning . Half an hour after the burn , scientists announced that the craft had entered into the orbit of the streaking comet . "  After 10 years , five months and four days travelling towards our destination , looping around the sun five times , we are delighted to announce finally ` we are here ' , " said Jean-Jacques Dordain , ESA 's Director General , in a statement . "  Europe 's Rosetta is now the first spacecraft in history to rendezvous with a comet , a major highlight in exploring our origins . Discoveries can start . " ESA tweeted a photo of the comet after Rosetta 's maneuver . Chury and the space probe now lie some 250 million miles from Earth , about half way between the orbits of Jupiter and Mars , according to ESA . The first spectacular and detailed images taken from just 80 miles away shows boulders , craters and steep cliffs and are already causing excitement . "  Churyumov-Gerasimenko looks like it 's been through the wars ! " said Dr Robert Massey of the Royal Astronomical Society in the UK . "  With that odd looking ` neck ' , either we 're looking at two objects that merged together or so much material has been lost in its many passes around the sun that the comet is a shadow of what it started out as . "  The pictures coming back so far look intriguing -- and imagine the kind of scenes we can expect when Philae lands this coming November , " he said . To get to its destination the spacecraft has covered more than three billion miles and as the comet hurtles towards the sun it will reach a speed of about 62,000 miles per hour . The mission has now achieved the first of what it hopes will be a series of historic accomplishments . In November mission controllers aim to place the robotic lander Philae on the surface -- something that has never been done before . Previous missions have performed comet fly-bys but Rosetta is different . This probe will follow the comet for more than a year , mapping and measuring how it changes as it is blasted by the sun 's energy . Mission controllers had to use the gravity of Earth and Mars to give the probe a slingshot acceleration to meet its target on the right trajectory . Rosetta also had to be put into hibernation for more than two years to conserve power before being woken up successfully in January this year . Wednesday 's thruster burn was the tenth rendezvous maneuver Rosetta has performed since May to get the probe 's speed and trajectory to align with the comet 's -- and if any of those operations had failed , the mission would have been lost , according to ESA . Interactive : See how Rosetta chases the comet across the solar system For the next few weeks , ESA says the spacecraft will be in a triangular orbit until it gets to about 18 miles of the surface when it starts its close observations . Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets and perhaps whether they brought water to the Earth or even the chemicals that make up the building blocks of life . "  It really is such a step forward to anything that has come before , " project scientist Matt Taylor told CNN . Rosetta will soon begin mapping the surface of and finding out more about its gravitational pull . This will help to find a suitable landing site for Philae and allow engineers to keep Rosetta in the right orbit . As comets approach the sun , any ice melts and is turned into an ionized gas tail . The dust produces a separate , curving tail . It 's these processes that Rosetta scientists hope to be able to study from close proximity . Taylor explained that the survey will show the team what the comet nucleus looks like now and when it gets closer to the sun . "  We 'll be able to make a comparison to now , when its relatively inert , to when it 's highly active ... making this measurement over a year when we 're riding alongside at walking pace and observing how a comet works and interacts with the sun , " he said . "  We are there for over a year to see this complete development to the extent that you may even be able to measure the decrease in the volume of the nucleus ... see how much material has left the comet . " Chury is known as a short-period comet . It reappears every six years as its orbit brings it close to the sun . Halley 's comet has a period of about 76 years and is not due to return close enough to Earth to be visible until 2061 . Others only return after thousands of years . Matt Taylor says it is unlikely that you will be able to see comet 67P with the naked eye but you can follow the progress of the mission on Rosetta 's blog and find out more with CNN 's interactive coverage .	Rosetta is attempting to become first spacecraft to orbit and land on a comet European Space Agency 's 10-year mission has taken Rosetta billions of miles across solar system Scientists hope to learn more about the composition of comets The robotic lander Philae is due to touch down in November
Washington  CNN  -- At the stroke of midnight Friday , the good music and bad jokes of Freedom Radio Iraq fell silent . Army broadcasters who pumped out tunes , wisecracks and information to their fellow American military personnel in Iraq formally turned off their microphones after eight years . "  This is the radio station for our troops , and you know we are sad to see it go , " said Army Staff Sgt. Randall "  Jay " Townsend , one of the station 's disc jockeys , before the final broadcast . "  But at the same time , this piece is part of the big transformation that is going to happen over here -- so some sadness and some excitement as well . " So exciting that Townsend , from Arkansas , was up even earlier than usual -- 3:30 a.m. -- ready for a long day with his listeners . "  This station has been in Iraq for the troops the entire time , and this is their outlet to back home , " he said . The closing of the station is just the latest visible evidence of the deliberate , phased withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq , all pointing toward an end-of the-year deadline . With the withdrawal clock ticking , the U.S. continues to talk with Iraqis about leaving some American forces behind for training and security . But Armed Forces Radio is over and out . "  The security agreement reached back in 2008 calls for all U.S. forces to be out of Iraq by December 31 , and we are operating consistent with that guidance , " said one of the officers in charge , Lt. Col. Freddie Mack . "  So tonight will be our last night as Freedom Radio here in AFN Iraq . " The unit 's motto is "  serving those who serve , " Mack said . "  We all ca n't wait till the 31st of December to board planes , so some of that transition has to start now . The soldiers of AFN Iraq have certainly done their part in bringing to a close this chapter . " The station went on the air in December 2003 , and the first song was Paul McCartney 's "  Freedom . " The transmitters will stay in place for now , but music and news will come from Europe . Townsend said he thought long and hard about exactly how to sign off . "  I 'm just going to say my thanks , " he said Friday by video link provided by the Defense Department . "  I 'm not going to make it too complicated . " In recent weeks , the station 's DJs asked their listeners for how to end the final broadcast . A Facebook poll narrowed it down to five songs : Toby Keith : "  Courtesy of the Red , White , and Blue " Green Day : "  When September Ends " Saving Abel : "  Miss America " Daughtry : "  Home " P. Diddy : "  Coming Home " The final selection was revealed at midnight : Keith 's "  Courtesy of the Red , White and Blue . " Townsend and his fellow radio jocks know they are part of a long line of other broadcasters in uniform . They have a special place of honor for "  Good Morning , Vietnam " radio DJ Adrian Cronauer , who came on Friday 's show for an interview . "  Absolutely ! There is not a military broadcaster who does n't know who Adrian Cronauer is and the things he was able to accomplish and the lasting impact he had on military journalists and AFN radio stations around the world , " Townsend said . Cronauer 's signature sign-in "  Good Morning , Vietnam " became part of that era , and the movie inspired generations of broadcasters like Townsend to sign up . "  I feel like we are part of an evolved set of broadcasters throughout the years , " Townsend said . "  We really do think we are part of that military journalism corps , I would say , passed down from those folks in Vietnam all the way back to World War II . So we know we are just part of that legacy just as much as anyone else . " Part of that legacy , reinforced by Cronauer and others , is to go right to the brink . "  My morning show , we push the limits as far as we possibly can to make the troops laugh , and if we do n't get a complaint from somebody , you know , with some real rank on them every now and then , we do n't feel we are pushing the envelope far enough to give the troops a real sense of a real radio station they would be listening to back in the states , " Townsend said . Both he and the brass were counting down to the goodbye Friday . Said Townsend , "  To be here at the end of that chapter -- too surreal . "	Freedom Radio Iraq broadcasters turn off their microphones Friday night They have been broadcasting to U.S. military personnel in Iraq for eight years The end of the station is part of the withdrawal of U.S. troops in Iraq Music and news will continue but will come out of Europe
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visited Cuba Wednesday and called on developing countries to unite against "  imperialism and capitalism . " "  Why are the Iranian , Cuban and Latin American people punished by the United States ? " he asked the audience attending his speech at the University of Havana . "  Have we attacked them in some way ? Have we asked for more than we are owed ? Never , not once . We have only ever wanted justice . " Ahmadinejad did not directly mention a bomb attack that left an Iranian nuclear scientist dead in Tehran Wednesday . But , he said , "  The capitalist system might do damage , sabotage . " Facing increasing sanctions over Iran 's alleged development of nuclear weapons , Ahmadinejad is calling on friendly heads of state this week in Venezuela , Nicaragua and Cuba . He was expected to meet with high-ranking government officials on the island , including President Raul Castro . By Wednesday evening , the Cuban government had not made any announcement about whether Ahmadinejad had met with former President Fidel Castro . U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , a Cuban-American who has called for tougher sanctions against the island nation 's government , called Ahmadinejad 's itinerary a "  tour of tyrants . " "  Rallying dictators against the United States is the central agenda item of Ahmadinejad 's trip to the region , " Ros-Lehtinen said in a statement . Cuba has been under U.S. economic sanctions for 50 years . Cuba officially recognized Iran shortly after the 1979 Iranian revolution . Then-Cuban President Fidel Castro visited Iran in 2001 . Cuba also aspires to become a large oil producer and is working with a Spanish company to develop between 5 million and 20 billion barrels of oil in the straits of Florida . Thursday , Ahmadinejad was scheduled to leave Cuba for Ecuador , the final stop on his trip .	NEW : "  Capitalist system might do damage , sabotage , " Ahmadinejad says Ahmadinejad previously visited Venezuela and Nicaragua The tour is part of an effort to strengthen diplomatic and economic ties in the region Ahmadinejad 's last stop will be in Ecuador
CNN  -- It 's approaching midnight at the bottom of the English Channel and a team of eager "  tunnel moles " stands poised for a busy night 's work . Employing a mix of hi-tech tools and no little elbow grease , the 70-strong crew of engineers and maintenance staff will carry out essential repairs on the Channel Tunnel rail link that connects southern England and northern France . At 50-kilometers  31 miles  long and buried more than 100 meters beneath the surface at its deepest point , the "  Chunnel " -- which consists of two rail traffic tunnels split by one service passageway -- is the longest undersea structure in the world . Making sure this engineering wonder runs smoothly is a detailed and complex task . Enter site operator Eurotunnel and their beavering band of "  tunnel moles . " See also : Navigating world 's busiest shipping lane "  Outside of good design  the most important thing is  lots of maintenance , " explained lead maintenance engineer Paul Bushell . "  You 've got the ventilation supply , you 've got the drainage supply , you 've got the main power supply , the water supply and you got the cooling supply . All of these things are vital for the day-to-day running of the tunnel , " he added . Keeping track Since opening in 1994 , more than 320 million people -- the equivalent of almost 5 times the population of the United Kingdom -- have traveled through the Channel Tunnel , according to Eurotunnel . The route is also estimated to carry 550,000 tonnes of cargo every day . It 's no surprise then that rail tracks here wear out far quicker than those on conventional networks . After just 16 years of operations , all of the tunnel 's rails have already been changed twice . Trains also bring in immense amounts of dirt and dust that , if left to fester , can cause long-term damage to equipment and infrastructure . See also : Inside world 's longest undersea tunnel "  The job of our technicians is more like being a traveling service engineer , " Bushell said . "  The service tunnel is 50 kilometers  31 miles  long and we 've got plant rooms and control rooms all along that length . So quite often our technicians can cover 100 to 150 kilometers  62 to 92 miles  in an hour shift where they visit different sites , " he continued . Strict timetable Covering such lengthy distances makes the Channel Tunnel one of the longest workshops in the world meaning repairs must be carried out at a breakneck pace . Engineers generally begin late at night and must have all jobs completed before early morning services begin . During the daytime hours a team of trouble-shooters ensure a prompt response to any emergencies . According to UK work site manager , Dave Bennet , these procedures require close co-operation with both English and French based engineering and planning teams . "  We 're all one big company , " said Bennet in the spirit of cross-border tunnel bonhomie . "  Generally  English teams do work on their own  and  French teams do work on their own but we also all work together . Language is n't really a barrier . Most of us are bilingual and that works both ways so it 's not a problem for us , " he added . See also : Silk road railways link Asia and Europe Some long-serving engineers have been working in the tunnel since it was first opened in 1994 . Others were even involved in the construction process itself , ensuring they know the deepest darkest recesses of the structure . Given the tight timescales involved , this detailed knowledge is an invaluable operational asset . As the service of the tunnel expands , this expertise is likely to become even more important . Future expansion Eurostar -- which currently operates services between London and Paris through the tunnel -- has already invested heavily in extending the capacity of their fleet . Trains from German operator , Deutsche Bahn , meanwhile will be gracing the line come 2015 , opening up services from London to Amsterdam , Frankfurt and beyond . An extra three to four million passengers are expected to pass through the tunnel each year as a result of these developments , while increased trade between the UK and countries on mainland Europe will also likely be further facilitated . See also : Introducing the world 's biggest ship According to UK civil engineers team leader , Philip Edwards , this means rapid maintenance work will likely take on an even greater importance . How it is carried out will remain broadly similar though . "  The  work  will adapt to the frequency of the trains going through the tunnel  but  we 'll still have the same tasks and inspections , " Edwards explained . "  The maintenance is always evolving and as things get older it has to adapt to it ...  Exactly  how that will happen though  as time progresses  , I have absolutely no idea , " he added . Either way , he concluded , "  more trains can only be good for Eurotunnel " and their fast-moving team of tunnel moles . Find out more about The Gateway and when you can watch the show on CNN here	Every night , engineers and maintenance workers descend to the darkest depths of the Channel Tunnel Teams of workers clean and make essential repairs so that train services can run as planned during the day On some shifts workers are expected to cover more than 100 kilometers in just a few hours
CNN  A lot of people have ventured to Paraguay over the years in search of some sort of a dream . My great-great-grandfather , Jean Bourdain , was one of them . I 've looked for this mysterious ancestor before -- in Uruguay , with my younger brother Chris . We were disappointed when our trail ran cold . We were left with a cryptic reference to the news that Jean had died in Asuncion , Paraguay . Which raised the questions : "  What the hell was he doing in Paraguay ? " And "  Where is Paraguay , anyway ? " Roots : Our Journeys Home It 's certainly a country few of us know much about . Landlocked by its better-known neighbors , Paraguay is probably best known for being a hideout for escaped Nazis and for a succession of truly spectacularly lurid , out-of-a-comic-book dictatorships -- the last being the administration of Gen. Alfredo Stroessner . It 's certainly a country few of us know much about . Landlocked by its better-known neighbors , Paraguay is probably best known for being a hideout for escaped Nazis and for a succession of truly spectacularly lurid , out-of-a-comic-book dictatorships -- the last being the administration of Gen. Alfredo Stroessner . When I first looked at the possibility of making a television show there , many years ago , descriptions of the country by visitors were not promising : crime , corruption , counterfeiters , failed institutions , looted banks -- in short , a backwater . I thought I 'd use the dubious quest for "  The Missing Bourdain " as the spine of a show , a framework to investigate one of the least-known nations in the Americas . My crew , looking at various storytelling structures , settled on the terrific film "  The Limey " as a rough template . In that film , Terence Stamp , playing a just-out-of-prison career criminal , voyages to Los Angeles in search of answers after the death of his daughter . In this week 's "  Parts Unknown " episode , I explore Paraguay  and my family 's past  in similar nonlinear fashion . It 's an amazing-looking show . Everybody who worked on it , handcrafted it , is convinced it 's some of their best work . What I found out -- about Paraguay , about my family -- surprised me . I hope it entertains you .	Bourdain goes looking for the story of his long-lost great-great-grandfather in Paraguay
Oakland Township , Michigan  CNN  -- The FBI -- working on information from an aging reputed mobster -- began digging in the waist-high grass of a Detroit-area field Monday in yet another search for the remains of former Teamsters boss Jimmy Hoffa , according to a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation . The information that sparked the latest hunt in the nearly four-decades-long search for Hoffa is "  highly credible , " the source said . Agents were executing a search warrant for a field in Oakland Township , north of Detroit , based in part on information provided by alleged mobster Tony Zerilli . The paperwork filed under seal that accompanies the search warrant is described as "  several pages long , " according to the source , and it explains why the FBI believes the search is justified . "  The information provided by Tony Zerilli is highly credible , " the source said . By late afternoon , the search had been underway for several hours but there were no indications of any developments . The search was on private property , and media and curious onlookers were kept some distance from the search site . FBI Special Agent Bob Foley , head of the agency 's Detroit office , told CNN at the scene that the information leading to the search "  reached the threshold of probable cause , which was sufficient to allow us to obtain a search warrant . "  If it did n't rise to that level then , certainly , we would n't be out here . " Earlier this year , Zerilli , now in his 80s , told New York 's NBC 4 that Hoffa was buried in a Michigan field about 20 miles north of where he was last seen in 1975 . The FBI has spent months looking into Zerilli 's claims before seeking court authorization to excavate the field and look for evidence of a shallow grave , according to the source . Contrary to what 's been previously thought for years , Zerilli said he was told Hoffa 's disappearance was not connected to Genovese family New Jersey crime boss Anthony "  Tony " Provensano who allegedly wanted to get rid of Hoffa . Instead , according to the source , Zerilli told the FBI Detroit mobsters wanted Hoffa dead . At the time , Hoffa was thought to be setting the stage to get back into a power position with the labor movement after he was released from prison . He was convicted in 1967 for jury tampering and fraud . President Richard Nixon pardoned him in 1971 . Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant . The FBI said at the time that the disappearance could have been linked to Hoffa 's efforts to regain power in the Teamsters and to the mob 's influence over the union 's pension funds . Zerilli was in prison himself when Hoffa disappeared . Zerilli , according to the source , said he when he was freed , he asked a mob enforcer what happened to Hoffa . The mobster allegedly told Zerilli that Detroit 's crime bosses ordered the Hoffa hit . They lured him to a meeting , then drove him to a farm owned by a mob underboss . The enforcer allegedly told Zerilli that Hoffa was killed and buried on the property , which covers several acres . The area being searched Monday was described as relatively small -- about the size of a small party tent , according to the source . Hoffa 's disappearance and presumed death have vexed investigators in the years since his last sighting . As recently as October , soil samples were taken from a home in the suburban Detroit community after a tipster claimed he saw a body buried in the yard a day after Hoffa disappeared . The soil samples were tested , and showed no evidence of human remains or decomposition . Zerilli , freed in 2008 after his last prison sentence , was convicted of crimes in connection with organized crime in Detroit . Keith Corbett , a former U.S. attorney , told CNN earlier this year that Zerilli headed a Detroit organized crime family from 1970 to 1975 , but was in fact in prison when Hoffa disappeared . In an interview with CNN affiliate WDIV-TV , Zerilli denied playing any role in Hoffa 's disappearance . Man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ` certain ' where Hoffa is buried CNN 's Laura Batchelor contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI agent says information "  reached the threshold of probable cause " The search is based in part in information provided by an alleged mobster The FBI has spent months looking into Tony Zerilli 's claims Hoffa , then 62 , was last seen on July 30 , 1975 , outside a Detroit-area restaurant
CNN  -- Toulouse striker Andre-Pierre Gignac has been handed his first call-up to the France squad for their two World Cup qualifiers against Lithuania . Gignac has been rewarded for his superb form this season with a first call-up to the France squad . The 23-year-old forward is the top scorer in French Ligue 1 with 17 goals this season -- and has been selected by coach Raymond Domenech ahead of Paris St-Germain striker Guillaume Hoarau . Defenders Patrice Evra and Ladil Rami return , but fellow-defenders Eric Abidal  Barcelona  , Jean-Alain Boumsong  Lyon  and Julien Escude  Sevilla  are all ruled out through injury . There is also no place in the squad for captain Patrick Vieira , who has struggled to find his best form for Inter Milan this season . France are currently third in European Group Seven with just one win to show from their first three matches . They trail Serbia and Lithuania by five points but have a game in hand on both nations . France initially face Lituania in Kaunas on March 28 , with the return match at the Stade de France in Paris on April 1 . France squad : Goalkeepers : Hugo Lloris  Lyon  , Steve Mandanda  Marseille  , Cedric Carrasso  Toulouse  . Defenders : Gael Clichy  Arsenal  , Rod Fanni  Rennes  , William Gallas  Arsenal  , Philippe Mexes  Roma  , Bacary Sagna  Arsenal  , Sebastien Squillaci  Sevilla  , Patrice Evra  Manchester United  , Adil Rami  Lille  . Midfielders : Alou Diarra  Bordeaux  , Lassana Diarra  Real Madrid  , Yoann Gourcuff  Bordeaux  , Samir Nasri  Arsenal  , Jeremy Toulalan  Lyon  , Abou Diaby  Arsenal  , Franck Ribery  Bayern Munich  . Forwards : Nicolas Anelka  Chelsea  , Karim Benzema  Lyon  , Jimmy Briand  Rennes  , Thierry Henry  Barcelona  , Andre-Pierre Gignac  Toulouse  .	Toulouse striker Andre-Pierre Gignac handed his first call-up to France squad Gignac named in 23-man squad after scoring 15 goals in Ligue 1 this season But there is no place for captain Patrick Vieira in Raymond Domenech 's squad
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Top Democrats have expressed concern over President Obama 's plan to draw down nearly two-thirds of U.S. forces in Iraq by August 2010 , while some key Republicans are offering praise . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi earlier this week questioned the need to keep 50,000 troops in Iraq until 2011 . At issue : Obama plans to leave between 35,000 to 50,000 residual forces in the war-torn country , serving in a training or advisory role to the Iraqi military . All U.S. troops have to be out of Iraq by December 31 , 2011 , under an agreement the Bush administration signed with the Iraqi government last year . There are currently 142,000 U.S. troops in Iraq . House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , indicated earlier this week that the residual force Obama is planning to leave in Iraq is too large . Pelosi on Wednesday told MSNBC 's Rachel Maddow : "  I do n't know what the justification is for 50,000 , a presence of 50,000 troops in Iraq . ... I do think that there 's a need for some . I do n't know that all of them have to be in -LSB- the -RSB- country . " Pelosi clarified her concerns after Obama announced the plan at an event Friday at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . iReport.com : Do you think troops should be pulled , or should numbers increase ? "  As President Obama 's Iraq policy is implemented , the remaining missions given to our remaining forces must be clearly defined and narrowly focused so that the number of troops needed to perform them is as small as possible , " Pelosi said in a press release . "  The president 's decision means that the time has come at last for Iraq 's own security forces to have the prime responsibility for Iraq 's security . " Rep. Lynn Woolsey , D-California , co-founder of the Out of Iraq House Caucus , was critical of the plan . "  I am deeply troubled by the suggestion that a force of 50,000 troops could remain in Iraq beyond this time frame , " she said in a statement Friday . "  Call such a troop level what you will , but such a large number can only be viewed by the Iraqi public as an enduring occupation force . This is unacceptable . " Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D-Ohio , said that while he supports Obama 's "  step in the right direction , " the new troop plan does not "  go far enough . " "  You can not leave combat troops in a foreign country to conduct combat operations and call it the end of the war . You ca n't be in and out at the same time , " Kucinich said in a release Friday . And top Senate Democrats echoed some of their House colleagues ' skepticism . "  That 's a little higher number than I expected , " Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said Thursday . The third-ranking Senate Democrat , Sen. Charles Schumer of New York , said , "  It has to be done responsibly , we all agree . But 50,000 is more than I would have thought . " On Thursday afternoon , the president briefed bipartisan leaders from the House of Representatives and Senate -- including Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , at the White House about the troop plan . Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said that 50,000 is "  somewhat larger " than what he expected . However , he said he has always believed "  a few tens of thousands " of troops would be needed for noncombat missions such as training and fighting terrorism . Watch Obama announce the new Iraq plan " Before the White House meeting , Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois , the No. 2 Senate Democrat and a close Obama ally , said he was anxious to get the troops home . But he defended the administration , saying it is "  trying to strike the right balance " between ending the war and maintaining stability in Iraq . Rep. John McHugh of New York , the top Republican on the House Armed Services Committee , said later that Obama assured him the plan to withdraw all combat forces will be revisited if conditions on the ground in Iraq deteriorate . "  The president 's objective to withdraw U.S. combat troops from Iraq is one we should pray for , plan for and work toward , " McHugh said in a statement . "  However , I remain concerned that the security situation in Iraq is fragile , and we should work to mitigate any risks to our troops and their mission . I specifically raised these points with the president this evening . " McHugh added , "  Our commanders must have the flexibility they need in order to respond to these challenges , and President Obama assured me that there is a ` Plan B. ' " On Friday morning , McCain , who criticized Obama 's plan to pull combat troops from Iraq in the presidential race , offered warm praise for the new proposal . In a speech on the Senate floor , McCain said Obama 's decision is "  reasonable " and that he is "  cautiously optimistic that the plan that is laid out by the president can lead to success . " McCain , the ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee , said that a "  failing situation in Iraq has been arrested and reversed " due to the "  dramatic success of the surge strategy , " referring to President Bush 's plan in 2007 to send additional troops to Iraq . He also praised Obama 's willingness to leave behind a significant residual force and reassess the situation if conditions change in the future . "  We are finally on a path to success " in Iraq , McCain said . "  Let us have no crisis of confidence now . " Obama touted his opposition to the Iraq war during the presidential campaign , a position popular with liberal groups such as MoveOn.org . But according to a new CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , many Democrats may not be satisfied with Obama 's plan . When asked if the U.S. should keep the same number of troops in Iraq that are currently stationed there , 12 percent of Democratic respondents agreed -- compared with 58 percent of Republican respondents . Watch more on the poll " Asked if U.S. forces should be removed by "  next spring , " 87 percent of Democrats and 39 percent of Republicans surveyed were in favor . But the survey suggested that half of all Americans think the United States is winning the war in Iraq , the highest percentage since that question was first asked in a CNN poll in 2004 . "  This indicates that the public thinks the surge worked , but that has n't changed their view of the war in Iraq at all , " said Keating Holland , CNN polling director . "  As a result , nearly seven out of 10 favor the idea of removing most U.S. troops from Iraq by next spring , a proposal that was a key part of Obama 's presidential campaign last year . " The CNN/Opinion Research poll was conducted February 18-19 , with 1,046 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Mark Preston and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	President Obama announces drawdown of combat troops in Iraq by August 2010 Some Democrats question size of residual force to remain in Iraq Democratic Rep. Dennis Kucinich says new troop plan does not "  go far enough " Sen. John McCain offers praise , calling Obama 's plan "  reasonable "
CNN  -- Rowaida Abdelaziz does n't want your pity . Rowaida Abdelaziz says wearing the hijab sometimes interferes with usual U.S. teenager activities , but that it 's worth it to her faith . She does n't want your frosty public stares ; the whispers behind her back ; the lament that she 's been degraded by her father . What the Muslim high school senior wants you to understand is that she does n't wear the hijab , the head scarf worn by Muslim women , because she is submissive . "  It represents beauty to me , " says Abdelaziz , the 17-year-old daughter of two Egyptian parents living in Old Bridge , New Jersey . "  My mom says a girl is like a jewel , " Abdelaziz says . "  When you have something precious , you usually hide it . You want to make sure you keep it safe until that treasure is ready to be found . " The nation has heard plenty of debate over racial profiling . But there 's a form of religious profiling that some young Muslim women in America say they endure whenever they voluntarily wear the hijab . The hijab , also known as the veil , is the headscarf worn by Muslim women around the globe . It 's a simple piece of cloth , but it can place young Muslim women in Western countries in difficult situations . Some hijab-wearers say that strangers treat them as if they 're terrorists . Others ask them if they 're a nun -- or even allergic to the sun . In some cases , their worst critics are not Americans , but fellow Muslim Americans . The pressure on Muslim teenagers in the U.S. who wear the hijab may be even more acute . Their challenge : How do I fit in when I wear something that makes me stand out ? Randa Abdel-Fattah , who has written two novels about this question , says wearing the hijab can "  exhaust " some young Muslim women in the West . "  You can sometimes feel like you 're in a zoo : locked in the cage of other people 's stereotypes , prejudices and judgments , on parade to be analyzed , deconstructed and reconstructed , " says Abdel-Fattah , a Muslim who has Palestinian and Egyptian parents but was born in Australia . Abdel-Fattah says people should not assume that Muslim women who wear the hijab are being controlled by men . She , too , struggled with the choice of wearing a hijab when she was a teenager . "  When it comes to the hijab -- why to wear it , whether to wear it , how to wear it -- there is theology and then there is practice and there is huge diversity in both , " says Abdel-Fattah , author of "  Does My Head Look Big in This ? " The surprising history behind the hijab Some women say the hijab makes them feel like they 're locked in a cage . But others say it leads to personal freedom . Sarah Hekmati first wore the hijab at age 15 growing up in Detroit , Michigan . She is the daughter of Iranian parents who left Iran in 1979 during the Islamic revolution . Hekmati says the hijab liberated her from some teenage angst : Does my hair look good ? Am I cute enough ? Should I lose weight ? "  It gave me a sense of identity , " she says . "  I really liked the purpose behind the hijab -- a woman covering herself so that a man should know her for her mind , not her body . " That purpose can be traced back to the Quran , Islam 's holy text , which encourages women to dress modestly , says Faegheh Shirazi , author of "  The Veil Unveiled . " Some Muslims take the Quran 's advice as a command for women to wear the hijab , while others disagree , she says . "  The Quran is very ambiguous about whether you have to wear the veil or not , " Shirazi says . The hijab , however , actually predates Islam , Shirazi explains . The first known reference to veiling  Shirazi uses the term hijab and veil interchangeably  was made in an Assyrian legal text in the 13th century B.C. , Shirazi says . In the Assyrian , and later , the Roman and Byzantine empires , the veil was a symbol of prestige and status , she says . By the 12th century , the veil had been imposed on women in the Muslim world to exclude them from public life , Shirazi says . "  A sign of distinction had been transformed into a sign of exclusion , " she writes in her book . People are still debating the meaning of the hijab today . In 2007 , British Muslim groups protested when schools were given the right to ban students from wearing full-face veils . In 2008 , Turkey 's top court upheld a ban on wearing Muslim headscarves at the country 's universities . That same year , a Muslim woman was briefly jailed at a suburban Atlanta , Georgia , courthouse after refusing to remove her hijab in court . Some moms against hijab wearing The debate over the hijab can literally hit home for some young Muslim women . Those that wear the hijab in the United States can befuddle their mothers , who often immigrated to the West so they could be free from wearing the hijab and other rules imposed on women . That 's what happened to Hekmati , the Muslim-American from Detroit . Her mother , Behnaz , was puzzled by her daughter 's decision to wear the hijab . Behnaz Hekmati grew up in Iran , where she did not wear the hijab . Young women who attended college in Iran like she did generally did n't wear the hijab , she says . Behnaz Hekmati warned her daughter that wearing the hijab would arouse the suspicion of Americans . "  I said Sarah , when you cover your head here the people think you are political -- they see you differently , " Behnaz Hekmati says . Most of the trouble , though , came from Iranian-Americans , who came to the United States to escape the Islamic fundamentalists who seized power in 1979 , she says . "  The Iranians here bother her more than Americans , " Behnaz Hekmati says . "  They say , ` We got rid of you guys . We came here because we did n't want to see you guys anymore . ' " Hekmati was more concerned as a teenager about more personal issues , like her relations with boys . The hijab made it more difficult , she says . Few asked her on dates . Guys always seemed to put her in the "  friend category . " She wondered if she was attractive . "  I wondered at times : Am I always going to be a guy 's friend and nothing more . " Strangers in public saw her as something else -- a subjugated woman . They looked at her with pity , she says . Some were just baffled . "  One guy asked me if I was allergic to the sun , " Hekmati says . Abdelaziz , the New Jersey high school senior , also had her tense public encounters : angry looks , people feeling sorry for her or assuming her father ordered her to wear the hijab . "  It 's not oppression ; it 's not that I 'm accepting degradation -- it 's about self-respect , " she says . But it 's more about faith as well . She says the hijab affirms "  Islam in the most respectful and purified way . " "  When you actually wear it , it opens your eyes , " she says . "  It makes you want to explore your religious faith . " At times , Abdelaziz says she wonders what it would be like to attend her prom , get a tan at the beach and have a boyfriend . But she says her decision to honor her faith is already paying off . "  It really feels good , " she says . "  It felt like I was missing something and now I 'm complete . I finally understand my purpose . "	The hijab is the head scarf worn by Muslim women Wearing one as a Muslim teenager in the U.S. may offer challenges Some wearers say they get strange looks and sometimes angry remarks But those who voluntarily wear it say it can help them in their faith and teen life
New York  CNN  -- A small group of 9/11 victims ' families is contesting the 9/11 memorial 's decision to bar politicians from speaking at this year 's commemoration ceremony on the anniversary of the 2001 terror attacks . The group , led by retired Fire Department of New York Deputy Chief Jim Riches , called the National September 11 Memorial and Museum "  totally hypocritical because banning the governors  of New York and New Jersey  from speaking is the ultimate political decision . " "  No one individual or group should unilaterally make this decision not allowing Gov.  Andrew  Cuomo and Gov.  Chris  Christie to speak on 9/11 , " it added . But the statements did n't seem to reflect the general opinion of most family members . "  They speak for themselves , and certainly not for me . And not for any of the family members I 've spoken to , " Charles Wolf , who lost his wife in the attacks , said in response to the family group 's statements . Riches , who lost his son on 9/11 , said his group represents about 50 families . Another 9/11 victim 's family member , Debra Burlingame , said , "  Families never wanted the deaths of 3,000 people politicized . I doubt very seriously that these few people out of thousands will get support for what they 're saying . " Officials representing the memorial declined to comment Monday . Joe Daniels , president of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum , said last week the foundation "  is focused on honoring the victims and their families in a way free of politics , and this ensures that continues . " In a letter sent to victims ' families Wednesday , Daniels said that the reading of victims ' names by family members will be "  the exclusive focus of the program " during this year 's ceremony . "  Ground zero " has a history of politicians speaking at anniversary ceremonies , with speakers such as former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani , former President George W. Bush and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . Mayor Michael Bloomberg is chairman of the memorial foundation 's board of directors . Christie and Cuomo are among politicians who are honorary trustees . "  The decision is the memorial 's to make and we are supportive of it , " said Cuomo 's spokesman , Josh Vlato . At last year 's ceremony marking the 10th anniversary of the attacks that brought down the twin towers of the World Trade Center , President Barack Obama read a psalm . It 's been a tradition for victims ' family members to lead a solemn reading of the names of their lost ones during commemorations at the memorial site . The reading of the names "  individualizes the masses of people who were killed . Those people were individuals who had individual lives , " said Wolf , whose wife , Katherine , was working at the World Trade Center that day . But Bloomberg had publicly considered ending the tradition . "  Some people have said change is good , and the subject 's come up a couple times , and I think we 've said the foundation board will talk about this , " he said during a radio show in August 2011 . His comments brought much heat from some of the victims ' families , who have blamed politicians for delays in construction of the memorial museum . The museum was originally scheduled to open this year , marking the 11th anniversary of the terrorist attacks , but has been held up because of "  disagreements " with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , Bloomberg said in a news conference last year . More than 3 million people have visited the memorial since its opening on September 11 of last year . "  We 're still dealing with this . Eleven years later , and we 're still talking about it , " Wolf said . The ceremony includes six moments of silence , representing crucial moments during the attacks on the twin towers and the Pentagon , and the crash of United Flight 93 in rural Pennsylvania .	9/11 Memorial officials are barring politicians from speaking at this year 's N.Y. ceremony A group representing about 50 families objects to the decision Other family members of victims support the move Family members will read the names of lost loved ones during the commemoration
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two Pakistani television networks that transmit from Dubai in United Arab Emirates were ordered off the air Friday at the request of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf , officials from the networks said . Pakistan 's president , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , has been under pressure to lift a state of emergency . GEO-TV and ARY Digital offer a variety of programming , including news , entertainment , sports and music . Both networks had been banned from Pakistan 's cable television system -- along with other networks , including CNN and BBC -- since Musharraf declared a state of emergency on November 3 . This latest action prevents the two Pakistani networks from broadcasting worldwide via satellite . "  This was basically our window to the world , GEO President Imran Aslan said . "  In Pakistan , we 've been shut down since the 3rd . " The action was not wholly unexpected , but surprising nevertheless , Aslan said . "  We uplink from Dubai , never having had a license to uplink from Pakistan , " he said . "  Dubai is a media city which seemed to be a haven and a sanctuary . " Aslan said network officials have been in discussions with Pakistani government officials and "  it seemed very obvious that they were going to do this . We were ready for it to a certain extent . " "  Eventually they decided to put their feet on the pipe , as it were . " The government has made numerous demands of the network , although none of them official , Aslan said . "  It 's done through intermediaries , " he said . " -LSB- Dulling -RSB- down the content , not having certain anchors , some of the hosts of our programs and talk shows . " Musharraf 's emergency order put several restrictions on the media , preventing journalists from expressing opinions prejudicial to "  the ideology ... or integrity of Pakistan . " Journalists are also restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity and could face three-year jail terms if they "  ridicule " members of the government or armed forces . Almost a dozen journalists have been arrested . Musharraf has denied that his restrictions bar criticism , saying they only ask for responsibility in reporting . But last week , Pakistan expelled three print journalists for using language in an editorial that a Pakistani official called offensive to Musharraf . The editorial criticized Musharraf and the United States and Britain for continuing to support him . While many Pakistani journalists have protested the restrictions , some smaller television channels have complied with the government 's restrictions . GEO and ARY have refused . "  It seems most of the other channels have kowtowed in order to survive , " Aslan said . Musharraf has said the emergency order improves stability and will foster peaceful parliamentary elections , which he has said he would like to see take place before January 9 . The exact date will be set by Pakistan 's Election Commission . Opposition leaders have accused Musharraf of declaring emergency rule to keep his hold on power and avoid an expected court ruling that would have nullified his election victory in October . E-mail to a friend	NEW : GEO-TV president : "  It seemed very obvious that they were going to do this " Order comes on the request of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf GEO-TV and ARY Digital offer varied programming , including news Both networks transmit from the United Arab Emirates
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North and South Korea have agreed to hold reunions later this month of families separated since the Korean War , Seoul said Wednesday . If they go ahead , the meetings of divided Korean families would be the first to take place since 2010 . The reunions of about 100 people from each country are scheduled to take place between February 20 and 25 , the South Korean unification ministry said Wednesday , following face-to-face talks between the two sides . But those scheduled to participate are likely to be aware that North Korea has unceremoniously pulled the plug on such meetings in the past . Past disappointment Reunions were due to take place last September , but Pyongyang canceled them with only a few days notice , accusing Seoul of souring ties between the two countries . South Korea says it sought reassurances in Wednesday 's talks that the families ' hopes would n't be dashed this time around . "  Our side expressed the position that what happened last year can not be repeated , " the unification ministry said . "  The North shared the view . " The reunions are an emotive issue . And time is running out for many of the surviving members of the families that were split by the 1950-53 war between the two Koreas . A lot of them are now in their 80s and 90s . Tens of thousands of people in South Korea are on the list of those wanting to take part in the reunions . This month 's planned reunions are scheduled to take place at the site where previous ones were held : Mount Kumgang , a resort on the North Korean side of the border that used to be jointly operated by both sides . Calls for better ties The agreement on the date for the reunions follows a series of calls by North Korean leader Kim Jong Un 's regime for better relations between the two countries . South Korean officials had said they wanted to see action rather than words from Pyongyang , including moving ahead with family reunions . Wednesday 's deal is a small step forward . But a contentious issue between the two sides is also looming at the end of this month : annual military exercises in the region by South Korean and U.S. forces . The drills infuriate North Korea , which says it sees them as a prelude to an invasion . Last year , it ratcheted up its threatening rhetoric to alarming levels as the exercises took place . In its calls so far this year for better relations , North Korea has asked South Korea not to take part in the drills -- a request that Seoul and Washington have rejected . North Korea blames South , cancels family reunions in September CNN 's Paula Hancocks and K.J. Kwon reported from Seoul , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	The reunions will take place between February 20 and 25 , South Korea says North Korea canceled previously scheduled reunions last year Seoul says it told Pyongyang that "  what happened last year can not be repeated " North Korea has called for better sides , but tensions remain over U.S.-South Korean drills
CNN  -- The phone-hacking scandal engulfing Rupert Murdoch 's media empire intensified in the United States on Wednesday as three senators and a congressman urged federal authorities to investigate whether one of Murdoch 's U.S.-based companies may have violated anti-bribery and other laws . A fourth senator told CNN he was considering launching his own investigation into the scandal . Sens. Frank Lautenberg , D-New Jersey , and Barbara Boxer , D-California , sent letters to Attorney General Eric Holder asking Holder to look into concerns that News Corp. -- the parent company of Fox News -- violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , known as the FCPA . The law , enacted in 1977 , makes it illegal for a U.S. person or company to pay foreign officials to obtain or retain business . Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , also wrote to Holder , asking him to examine whether journalists working for Murdoch may have tapped into the phones of the victims of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Rep. Peter T. King , R-New York , asked FBI Director Robert Mueller to investigate that possibility . Their concerns appear to be traceable to a story published Wednesday by the Mirror , a British tabloid that includes a section it describes as "  gossip gone toxic . " The newspaper cited "  a source " who referred to a former police officer who now works as a private investigator . "  The investigator is used by a lot of journalists in America and he recently told me that he was asked to hack into the 9/11 victims ' private phone data , " the investigator reportedly told the newspaper . "  He said that the journalists asked him to access records showing the calls that had been made to and from the mobile phones belonging to the victims and their relatives . "  His presumption was that they wanted the information so they could hack into the relevant voice mails , just like has been shown they have done in the UK . The PI said he had to turn the job down . He knew how insensitive such research would be , and how bad it would look . "  The investigator said the journalists seemed particularly interested in getting the phone records belonging to the British victims of the attacks . " News of the World , a 168-year-old British newspaper owned by Murdoch , folded Sunday in the wake of accusations that its reporters illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terrorist victims , politicians and celebrities . Police in the United Kingdom have identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone hacking . There also were reports that reporters may have bribed law enforcement officers . "  The limited information already reported in this case raises serious questions about the legality of the conduct of News Corp. and its subsidiaries under the FCPA , " Lautenberg wrote . Potential liability flows from journalists at News of the World to its parent , News International , to its parent , News Corp. , which is a publicly held company in the United States . Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia , told CNN Tuesday he may start his own investigation . "  My bet is we 'll find some criminal stuff , " Rockefeller said . "  This is going to be a huge issue . " Rockefeller said he is also concerned about whether journalists tapped into the phones of the 9/11 victims . The Justice Department confirmed Wednesday receipt of letters from Rockefeller , Boxer and Lautenberg . "  We are reviewing the letters , " said Justice Department spokesperson Laura Sweeney , who declined further comment . Relatives of the victims of the terrorist attacks expressed outrage Wednesday over the possibility they may have been hacking victims . What they went through is "  heartfelt stuff , and it should n't be out there for all to see unless the family approves , " said Jim Riches , a retired New York Fire Department deputy chief who lost a son in the attacks . "  Until we get some accountability , they 're just going to keep doing it , " Riches said . "  It 's completely unethical , unprofessional and basically criminal . " Sally Regenhard , who also lost a son in the attacks , called it "  very horrifying that privacy and personal security could be violated in such an egregious manner . " "  This is a big issue and I think it needs to be dealt with head-on , " she said . "  No one is above the law . ... I want to see real action . " Despite the closure of News of the World , News International still owns The Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times in Britain . News Corp. encompasses not only Fox News , but also The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers . "  There does seem to be a basis for a U.S. investigation at this point , " said Mike Koehler , a professor of business law at Butler University in Indianapolis , in a telephone interview Monday with CNN about whether U.S. law might apply to the hacking scandal in Britain . Mark Rasch , a former Justice Department cybercrimes prosecutor , told CNN a federal investigation "  is certainly appropriate to determine what the facts are . " "  It does n't matter if the intended victims in the U.S. were Americans or British , " he said . "  If I hire a  private investigator  to break into the records of people in New York , it does n't make a difference . " But attorney Richard Cassin , who helps clients comply with the FCPA , said he believes a prosecution is unlikely . "  The chances are very slim unless the payments we know about turn out to be the tip of the iceberg , " he said . Cassin argued that U.S. authorities are likely to trust the British legal system -- older than America itself -- to handle the case . U.S. authorities usually go after cases that are not being prosecuted elsewhere and in which widespread , systematic bribery can be proved , he said . News Corp. , he noted , does not fit the bill . The biggest case for an FCPA violation to date involved the German company Siemens AG , which paid $ 1.36 billion in bribes to foreign officials working on projects including the United Nations ' oil-for-food program in Iraq and others in Nigeria , Bangladesh , China , Russia and Vietnam . The company paid $ 800 million in fines and penalties for the FCPA violation . But the United States took on that case partly because Germany did not prosecute Siemens , Cassin said , for what amounted to widespread bribery . Were a U.S. case against News Corp. to arise , the potential implications for the Murdoch media empire would be numerous -- and none of them are good , Koehler said . An investigation would most certainly attempt to answer the question of how widespread bribes were within News Corp. . Were other employees -- all over the world , for that matter -- making similar payments ? The FCPA stipulates that U.S.-listed companies , their employees or agents may not make bribes to foreign officials . A second portion of the law applies to accounting requirements for public companies , said Don Zarin , author of "  Doing Business Under The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act " and a partner with the Washington-based law firm of Holland & Knight . "  They have to keep books and records in reasonable detail that reflect the transactions , " he said . So , if a bribe was made and not properly noted , the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department could each have a case , Zarin said . A telephone call or an e-mail from an editor in London to his or her boss in New York could prove key , he said . "  If you send an e-mail to the boss saying , ` I 'm going to pay $ 10,000 to police officers for this information , ' that would provide the jurisdictional basis or potential liability on the part of possibly the British employees , " Zarin said . If any employee of News Corp. , which is listed in the United States , knew about and authorized such a payment , "  they could have potential exposure , " he said . And if Murdoch -- the 80-year-old Australian-born head of News Corp. who became a U.S. citizen in 1985 -- knew what was going on and authorized it , even implicitly , "  he could have some potential exposure , " Zarin said . The penalties can be severe , including jail time and fines , he said . And ignorance confers no protection . "  The SEC has brought cases against U.S. companies who had no knowledge of what foreign subsidiaries were doing , but had misbooked it , " he said , adding that the SEC blamed the companies for not having set up the internal controls that would have caught the illegal behavior . A Justice spokeswoman said she could not comment on the possibility of the department 's involvement . If the charges wind up being nothing more than civil accounting violations , the SEC would handle the case and Justice would not become involved , said James Tillen , coordinator of the FCPA Practice Group at Miller and Chevalier , a Washington-based law firm specializing in international regulatory issues , tax and litigation . That would still carry a major risk to those involved . "  The SEC has a lot of bite in significant fines , penalties , prohibiting people from serving as officers in public companies , " he said . "  That can derail a career quickly . " But a criminal prosecution by federal prosecutors would be the most to fear , since it would carry the potential of jail time , Tillen said . SEC fines can range up to $ 25 million per violation in such cases , but totals regularly exceed $ 100 million because the agency can force the company to disgorge ill-gotten gains . The Justice Department can impose a criminal fine on individuals of up to $ 100,000 and five years in prison for each count on a bribery charge , he said . Multiple counts could lead to higher fines and sequential prison terms . But fines are typically pegged to how much a company or an individual gained as a result of the crime , Tillen said . That can be easy to figure out when the subject is a contract , but any case involving Murdoch 's empire might present more of a challenge . "  How many more newspapers did you sell ? " he asked . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Moni Basu , Dugald McConnell , Leigh Remizowski , and Tom Watkins contributed to this report	NEW : Some U.S. lawmakers are concerned 9/11 victims may have had their phones hacked NEW : The concerns appear linked to a tabloid report Three senators , a congressman ask Justice Department to investigate News Corp. . A fourth senator tells CNN he may launch his own investigation
PEOPLE.com  -- In another Oprah first , the media mogul has chosen a man to join her on the cover of her "  O " magazine : Dr. Mehmet Oz . Why him ? Why now ? "  The January issue is all about firsts . I met Dr. Oz in 2003 as his first guest on ` Second Opinion ' -- a medical series he and his wife , Lisa , created for the Discovery Channel . Now here we are , over eight years later . ... What can I say ? I adore Dr. Oz , " Oprah Winfrey tells PEOPLE exclusively . "  As we toast to a new year and encourage readers to take the first step toward a happier , healthier life , who better to help us get on the right path than my dear friend and America 's doctor , Dr. Oz . " And while America 's doctor may have a great bedside manner , the cover interview reveals it 's the pillow talk with his own wife that needs some work . "  I think I 'm a better doctor than I am a husband , " Oz , 51 , tells Winfrey in January 's issue . "  I give myself a good grade as a doctor , then the next best grade as a father , and the worst grade as a husband . I do n't listen well when Lisa talks . " But he recognizes that Lisa is his greatest advocate , and has steered his career in directions he never would have taken . "  It was her vision early on to create the kind of show -LSB- "  Second Opinion " on Discovery Health -RSB- we 're doing now , " he says . "  She had a much larger vision for me than I did for myself . We actually had a big spat about this a couple of months ago . It 's just one after another of things I do wrong . And I do do them wrong . But she 's quick to make sure I own up to it . " Lisa Oz , 48 , has a major career in her own right , having authored three best-selling books , including "  Us : Transforming Ourselves and the Relationships that Matter Most . " Dr. Oz sees that book as partly directed at him . "  The reason she wrote ` Us ' is that after 25 years of me not listening to pillow talk , she figured if she wrote it down , maybe I 'd read it and believe it , " he says . The January issue of "  O " will hit newsstands December 13 . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Dr. Mehmet Oz joins Oprah Winfrey on the cover of "  O " magazine "  I think I 'm a better doctor than I am a husband , " Oz , 51 , tells Winfrey in January 's issue The January issue of "  O " will hit newsstands December 13 .
CNN  -- The thought of it is enough to make fair-weather golfers shudder in horror . But for hardier sporting souls , a sub-zero round in the Arctic snow could be the perfect off-piste adventure this winter . Welcome to a world where greens are "  whites , " where snowplows -- not mowers -- groom fairways , and players swap snazzy pants and Pringle sweaters for ski jackets and mittens . Like normal golf , the goal remains frustratingly simple and the rules are largely the same as they are on grass . But the obstacles are somewhat different as players battle a strange playing surface and the cold . At Björkliden , a ski resort in Swedish Lapland which started offering snow golf last year , players can expect a warm welcome but a decidedly chilly round . "  We are 250 kilometers to the north of the Arctic Circle . It can be anything from zero degrees Celsius down to -25 , but usually the average is around -10 , " says Merja Bergwall , marketing and sales manager for Lapland Resorts , the company which manages Björkliden 's facilities . Thin a ball at those temperatures and your poor hands may never recover . But for most the experience is a happy one , Bergwall says , with players enjoying clean , crisp air under frequently blue skies while mastering the art of driving , chipping and putting on snow and ice . Björkliden 's winter golfers tread the same path as summer guests , playing the route of a long-established grass course beneath . "  Summer golf has been here since the 1930s , but we wanted to do something for the wintertime , " explains Bergwall . "  We have nine holes and we use snowplows that we usually use on the slopes  to smooth the course  . " Visitors pay 350 Swedish Krona  around $ 50  for a round , which includes club hire and balls . Tee times after dark are also available thanks to glowing golf balls -- and night golf also lets players witness one of nature 's most magnificent spectacles up close . "  It 's very , very magical if you catch the Northern Lights . We are one of the best places in the world to watch them , " Bergwall says . The Aurora Borealis can be seen frequently in Swedish Lapland during the winter , but sadly the opportunities to get stuck into snow golf are more limited -- the course is only open for three weeks in March . "  We want to keep the ` whites ' in the right condition to ensure a good standard of play , " says Bergwall . Björkliden joins a long list of European destinations which host snow golf events . Engadin Golf Club in St. Moritz , Switzerland will welcome entrants to the 35th Snow Golf Cup later this month , and in March patrons of the annual Boerl and Kroff Snow Golf tournament will reconvene on Wispile mountain in Gstaad . Other annual events are scheduled to take place in France and Austria , but 2014 will not see the return of the World Ice Golf Championships in Uummannaq , Greenland which has , since 2009 , fallen foul of the weather . "  Global warming has made it more difficult to arrange the event as we ca n't rely on ice being formed on the fjord of Uummannaq -- the place where the event used to take place , " Malik Milfeldt of Visit Greenland told CNN . Happily for Björkliden , there have been no such issues with the weather so far and plans are in place for a weekend of competitions in late March , with the Scandinavian Snow Golf Masters forming the centerpiece . Read more : Can desert dancing inspire McIlroy and Mickelson ? Read more : Is Jordan Spieth the next Tiger Woods ?	Ski resort in Swedish Lapland offers chance to play snow golf Visitors can tee off during the day or at night on the nine-hole course in Börkliden Intrepid night golfers can experience thrill of playing under the Northern Lights Snow golf is proving popular across Europe , especially Switzerland
CNN  -- Giant rocks came tumbling down a snowy Colorado mountainside early Monday , punching gaping holes in the interstate below , the Colorado Department of Transportation said . The rock slide at Glenwood Canyon halted travel on Interstate 70 between Glenwood Springs and Dotsero , about 18 miles east , according to the department . Glenwood Springs is about 120 miles west of Denver . It is unclear when construction crews will complete enough work to open at least part of the roadway . About 20 boulders struck the interstate shortly after midnight , the transportation department said . They ranged from 3 feet to 10 feet in diameter , with the largest weighing an estimated 66 tons , the department said on its Web site . About eight holes or dips were left on the interstate . Road underwiring was exposed and rock crumbles surrounded the damage , the department said . The largest hole measured 20 feet by 10 feet -- bigger than a full-size SUV . Rocks were scattered over a 100-yard stretch of the road . A steel guard rail and median barrier were also damaged . The damage resembles a major rock slide in the area back in 2004 , the department said .	Rock slide at Glenwood Canyon halts travel on I-70 between Glenwood Springs and Dotsero It 's unclear when crews will complete enough work to open at least part of the roadway Transportation department : About 20 boulders rolled down mountain shortly after midnight Rocks were from 3 feet to 10 feet in diameter ; about 8 holes or dips left on the interstate
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- If Dennis Hopper attends the dedication of his star on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame Friday , it may be the last time his fans see the actor alive . Hopper is dying of prostate cancer , according to documents filed in his divorce case this week . Hopper 's acting career has spanned almost six decades . In the '50s he had roles in several TV shows and films , including "  Rebel Without a Cause "  1955  and "  Giant "  1956  . He became a Hollywood sensation for "  Easy Rider , " the 1969 film he directed and co-wrote in which he played a dissolute , countercultural biker . He was twice nominated for Oscars . Hopper , 73 , is undergoing radical chemotherapy for advanced , metastasized prostate cancer , his doctor said . He is too weak and ill to be questioned by lawyers in the divorce , but attending Friday 's ceremony "  is a positive experience in every way , " his doctor 's sworn statement said . Hopper 's lawyer has not confirmed if the actor will attend the ceremony in front of the Egyptian Theater on Hollywood Boulevard , but his doctor is recommending it . "  I believe the ceremony honoring his career may be something which he will actually enjoy in the company of his daughter , who he hopes will attend with him , " Dr. David Argus said . Dennis and Victoria Hopper married 14 years ago and they have a 6-year-old daughter , Galen . They separated in January when he filed for divorce , claiming the stress of their relationship was threatening his life as he battled cancer . "  The presence of his estranged wife is hampering Mr. Hopper 's present cancer care as she introduces significant additional stress into his life , " Argus said . "  The less Mr. Hopper has to do with his estranged wife at this time , the more likely he is to have his life extended . " Hopper 's lawyer , Joseph Mannis , argued that Victoria Hopper , knowing he was "  extremely ill and fragile , repeatedly engaged in conduct which appears to have been calculated to subject -LSB- Hopper -RSB- to severe emotional distress . " This distress "  subjected -LSB- Hopper -RSB- to a significant risk of causing his premature death , " Mannis wrote . The divorce case is set for an April 5 hearing in Los Angeles County Superior Court , but lawyers for Victoria Hopper are trying to force Dennis Hopper to take part in a deposition . His lawyer and doctor told the judge it could kill him . "  Compelling Mr. Hopper to participate in a deposition where he is being asked questions he is compelled to respond to under oath regarding his wife and/or his daughter could actually threaten his ability to survive his current health crisis , " Argus wrote . Hopper , who weighs "  a little over 100 pounds , " is "  extremely weak and extremely ill , and he tires very quickly , " he said . Emily Davis , Hopper 's personal assistant , said in a sworn statement that Hopper is "  only able to have brief conversations at times when his nurses permit him to have such conversations and then only for very short periods of time . " "  He is not able to concentrate and he tires quickly , " Davis said . The court filing also contends that Hopper 's finances have dwindled with his illness . An affidavit from his accountant said the cost of his cancer treatments exceed his income , which is $ 58,000 in annual residual payments from his TV and movie roles . His last acting job was last year when he completed the television series "  Crash . "	Hopper is dying of prostate cancer , say documents in divorce case He is too ill to testify , but doctor recommends he appear at star ceremony Hopper is to receive a star on Hollywood Boulevard on Friday
Lawyers for Texas Governor Rick Perry filed a motion Monday to toss out last month 's grand jury indictment against the potential 2016 presidential contender , arguing that the indictment violated the state 's basic separation of powers . They also contended the indictment painted a false picture of the governor as an absolute monarch with personal control of the state 's public coffers . "  Continued prosecution of Governor Perry on the current indictment is unprecedented , insupportable and simply impermissible , " Perry 's lawyers wrote in a 43-page motion filed in Travis County District Court . "  This attempt to criminalize the political process should not be tolerated by this Court or any Texas court . Otherwise , overzealous prosecutors will be given free reign to use the grand jury process to chill political decisions by Texas ' Governors . " Rick Perry takes back tweet Perry 's legal team warned that the "  Texas Constitution does not authorize any such action and the instant indictment is in direct conflict with the Governor 's constitutional duties . The Court should dismiss both counts of the indictment and bar the prosecution . " In August , a Travis County grand jury indicted Perry on two felony counts stemming from his threat to veto funding for a statewide public integrity unit run by Travis Country District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat , unless she stepped down . The case centers on Perry 's June 2013 veto of the $ 7.5 million budget for the unit run by Lehmberg , after she refused his demand to resign following her drunken driving arrest and conviction . Up close with Rick Perry 's Hail Mary Perry faces accusations of coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity in connection with the threat and veto . Some Democrats have argued , among other things , that Perry vetoed funding for Lehmberg 's unit because it was investigating state-funded grants to cancer research projects that benefited allies of Perry and Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , this year 's GOP gubernatorial nominee . 4 reasons why Rick Perry 's exercise of power got him in trouble In their motion , Perry 's lawyers ridiculed the notion that vetoing spending -- an action preventing the release of tax dollars -- could somehow constitute a form of personal corruption on the part of the governor . "  A Texas Governor is not Augustus traveling his realm with a portable mint and an imperial treasure in tow ; he no more has custody or possession of the State 's general revenue funds than does any Texan , " they wrote . "  No governor can say of his or her state what the Sun King said of France : ` L' Ã © tat , c'est moi . ' "  Translation : "  I am the state . " Perry : ' I do n't really understand the details ' of indictment charges Perry has assembled a team of legal powerhouses to defend him against the indictment . Houston attorney Tony Buzbee , GOP attorney Bobby Burchfield , criminal lawyer David Botsford , former Romney presidential campaign legal counsel Ben Ginsberg and Gore campaign veteran Mark Fabiani are among those currently working for the Texas governor . Numerous political analysts have speculated that the indictment could actually work to Perry 's political advantage by portraying the conservative politician as a victim of overly aggressive prosecutors working out of Austin -- a Democratic stronghold in the largely Republican state .	Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's lawyers file a motion to toss out last month 's grand jury indictment His lawyers argue indictment , stemming from a 2013 veto , violates separation of powers Perry vetoed funds for the office run by Travis County 's Democratic district attorney Perry 's lawyers ridiculed notion that like an absolute monarch , Perry could personally benefit
Oprah.com  -- Are you looking forward to the season ahead ? With Shivers of anticipation ? Or just shivers ? Robin Monheit gathered O 's best gift buying advice and got even more tips from style experts Jesse Garza and Joe Lupo , authors of Life in Color  Chronicle  . We ca n't reach out and put a finger on the bow , uncork the wine , or tuck you in for a well-earned nap , but with these 10 steps , we can help you find the perfect gift for each and every one of the perfect people on your list . Step 1 : Start Now "  Or yesterday ! " says Joe . Jesse points out that a number of stores are having sales already . We discovered that many department stores and electronics stores have begun markdowns , and other companies , like Barnes & Noble , will take 5 percent off if you preorder . Check the cashback page at Bing to shop sales and find online coupons . Step 2 : Make a Gift List Be a proactive shopper , not a reactive shopper . "  Start a list of the people 's names you have to buy for , and write down a gift idea or at least a store that represents them , " Joe says . That way , when you do start shopping -- online or at the mall -- you 'll be thinking of the person first , not the gift . For inspiration , you can look to O editors ' picks , find presents grouped by personality on Gifts.com , check your friends ' wish lists on Amazon.com , or get the whole family on Giftag.com to easily make and share lists . Oprah.com : Oprah 's favorite things 2011 Step 3 : Know Your Limits Ask yourself , "  What is my budget for the holidays ? " Then break the total down by person . Financial expert Suze Orman recommends taking a serious look at your finances to come up with that number : How much is your mortgage or rent ? Do you have credit card or student loan debt ? If you figure out your monthly expenses and compare that with your income , you 'll have a better idea of what you can afford this holiday season . Another tip is to narrow your list to as few stores as possible , says Donna Smallin , author of The One-Minute Organizer Plain and Simple . "  If I 'm shopping online , I 'll get toys in one place , because the shipping will cost less , " she says . "  Also , if you charge all holiday purchases to one credit card , you 'll have a convenient record of exactly how much you spent . " One often overlooked shopping expense is transportation . "  Carpool with a friend or a relative , make a day of it , " Jesse says . "  It 's better to have someone to bounce ideas off , and you 'll get it done together . " Step 4 : Comparison Shop Like a Demon "  Go online and search for gift ideas before you hit the pavement , " Jesse says . You 'll get an idea of what 's easier  and cheaper  to buy online and know what you can only get at a store . "  The beauty of shopping early is being able to compare , " says Jesse , who found a gift for a $ 100 less than the store next door . Try PriceGrabber.com , BizRate.com and DealHack.com to compare online . Oprah.com : 18 drugstore gifts for everyone on your list Step 5 : Go in the Morning , Late Night , or Early in the Week "  People forget stores hours are extended . You definitely want to go as late as possible or as early as possible , " Joe says . "  Mondays are great shopping -- they 're typically quieter . " Do not attempt to shop on Black Friday . In 2003 , at the Mall of America in Bloomington , Minnesota , every one of the more than 12,500 parking spaces was filled by 2 p.m. . We say stop the madness and stay home . Step 6 : Enlist the Professionals "  Make relationships with salespeople , " Jesse says . "  They 'll keep an eye out for you . Some will even do presale -- meaning if an item is scheduled to go on sale later in the month , they 'll ring it up at that price . " Then when you 're at the store or in the mall , be direct . "  They 're there to help you , " Jesse says . "  Tell them how much you want to spend -- you have to bottom line it for them . " If they 're a good salesperson , he says , they 'll be up to the challenge . Oprah.com : 22  new !  ways to get a great deal on anything Step 7 : Channel Your Inner Negotiator If you 're not shopping at a major retailer or chain store , do n't underestimate the art of bargaining . When a salesperson gives you a price , your next move is to ask , "  Is that the best you can do ? " You might then counter with "  And if I pay cash ? " With these two little sentences , one O editor managed to get $ 200 off an antique mirror in a wrought iron frame and $ 150 off a pair of delicate , gold Victorian earrings . You 'll likely have the most success at independent jewelry stores and electronics stores and flea markets . Step 8 : Schedule a Get Ready Day The best way to avoid 67 trips to the post office , 7-Eleven , and CVS is a Get Ready Day . Purchase postage stamps , wrapping paper , tape , and ribbon ; pick up prescriptions and cold remedies ; stock up on pantry staples and refreshments . If you 'll be mailing presents , either start collecting boxes now or split a bulk order with friends from the huge selection of decorative shipping materials found at USBox.com . "  It 's a good idea to use web sites that will wrap and ship for you , " says Joe , "  especially if you 're traveling -- you do n't want to have to check bags . Make sure to send it out early and use UPS ground -LSB- to save money -RSB- . " Oprah.com : 16 ways to make an incredible impact with less than $ 15 Step 9 : Remember the "  Magic Factor " Whether it 's a Starbucks card or a cashmere sweater , the way it 's packaged or wrapped counts . "  Now , more than ever , it 's about being smart and being creative , " Jesse says . Put a small trinket in a big box with a beautiful bow , and it will be more fun to open up . Joe and Jesse 's other piece of advice is to think about what stresses out a friend or family member , and pick something that relieves that anxiety . Gift cards are useful and make great presents , but it 's the magic factor that makes them special . "  Our dad hates paying for practical things , so we buy him a gift card for the Gap , " Jesse says . A forgetful friend who is always losing her keys may appreciate a decorative hook for the house . Step 10 . And if You 're Still Scrambling ... Target , Nordstrom , and Zappos are three of more than 40 participants in the third annual "  Free Shipping Day " on December 17 . The complete list of stores is on FreeShippingDay.com Missed the 17th ? You may have to pay an overnight fee , but many sites will ship items within a few days of Christmas . Check USPS.com for mailing deadlines and DealHack.com / Deadlines for major retailers ' purchase deadlines . Even Christmas morning is not too late to order from GiftCertificates.com , where you can print out or e-mail a personalized certificate redeemable at one of hundreds of companies , including Bed Bath and Beyond , Barnes & Noble , and Barneys New York . Oprah.com : Be a wrap star ! 5 creative ways to make your gifts stand out Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Style experts Jesse Garza and Joe Lupo help you shop like a ninja Comparison shop online before you set foot in a store Mondays are great for stealth shopping -- they 're the quietest shopping day
CNN  -- Slim Whitman , the high-pitched yodeling county music singer whose productive career spanned decades , died Wednesday , his son-in-law told CNN . He was 90 . The singer-songwriter , born Ottis Dewey Whitman Jr. , died of heart failure at Orange Park Medical Center in Florida , Roy Beagle said . Whitman gained fame in Europe as well as the United States . "  Love Song of the Waterfall , " which a Country Music Television biography calls his "  breakthrough " hit , was released in the early '50s . His next single "  Indian Love Call " brought him stardom , according to the bio . "  Whitman joined the Grand Ole Opry , and then went to Britain in 1956 as the first country singer to play the London Palladium . Throughout the late '50s and early '60s , he had a string of British hits , including ` Tumbling Tumbleweeds , ' ` Unchain My Heart , ' and ` I 'll Take You Home Again Kathleen , " the bio said . He gained cult status after he filmed a TV commercial that touted a released of his top greatest hits , a compilation that was a great success . "  Between 1980 and 1984 , Whitman had a small run of minor hits , highlighted by 1980 's number 15 hit ` When . ' In the late '80s , he returned to television-marketed albums , releasing Slim Whitman : Best Loved Favorites in 1989 and 20 Precious Memories in 1991 . During the '90s , Whitman recorded infrequently but continued to tour successfully , particularly in Europe and Australia , " CMT said . His music was featured in the 1996 film "  Mars Attacks ! " In the film , the sound of Whitman 's "  Indian Love Call " made the heads of invading Martians explode . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Country music singer Slim Whitman died at 90 Wednesday The cause was heart failure The yodeling singer gained fame in Europe as well as in the U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- Five close calls involving passenger jets at big U.S. airports prompted a recommendation on Monday for new rules to prevent planes from getting dangerously close to each other when one aborts a landing . The National Transportation Safety Board recommended the Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  change its standards to ensure safe aircraft separation in cases of a "  go-around . " That 's when pilots cut short a landing at the last minute and pull up to circle the airport before making another try . NTSB Chairwoman Deborah Hersman outlined four incidents in 2012 and one in 2006 when planes initiating "  go-arounds " and got dangerously close to aircraft taking off or landing . Three occurred at Las Vegas 's McCarran airport , one at New York 's John F Kennedy airport and one at Charlotte-Douglass International . Airliners too close for comfort over New York "  The NTSB is concerned that in these events , ATC  air traffic control  was not able to ensure the safe separation of aircraft . " Hersman wrote in a letter to FAA Administrator Michael Huerta . Crashes were only avoided because pilots took evasive maneuvers , she wrote . The FAA oversees air traffic operations . In each of the incidents , the flight paths would not have intersected had the plane landed successfully instead of conducting the "  go around . " Controllers under current rules are required to ensure there is enough space between aircraft during take offs and landings . But there is a gap in regulations when those paths converge during "  go arounds , " the NTSB said . The FAA said in a statement that it takes the recommendations seriously and will respond within 90 days . Passenger plane , military helicopter come close near D.C. . The FAA said its thoroughly investigated the close-call incidents and took aggressive steps to address the causes . The incidents cited by the NTSB include : On July 30 , 2012 , a Spirit Airlines Airbus A319 was executing a go around at Las Vegas and came within a quarter mile horizontally , and 100 feet vertically of a Cessna Citation landing on a separate runway . The same day at JFK , an American Airlines Boeing 737 aborted landing and came within a third of a mile horizontally and 300 feet vertically a from a Pinnacle Airlines CRJ-200 regional jet . The NTSB reported the pilot of the American jet radioed "  we are turning as tightly as we can " while the Pinnacle pilot said on another frequency "  we are trying not to hit this aircraft off our right . " On July 14 , 2012 , an ExpressJet Embraer 145 at Charlotte came within 1,000 feet horizontally and 400 feet vertically of an Air Wisconsin CRJ that was departing . On April 26 , 2012 , a Jet Blue A320 conducting a go around came within a third of a mile horizontally and 100 feet vertically of a Learjet 60 at Las Vegas . On January 27 , 2006 , a United Airlines A320 aborted a landing and came within 1,400 feet horizontally and 300 feet vertically of a departing American 757 at Las Vegas .	National Transportation Safety Board concerned about near misses during aborted landings Board says standards inadequate , recommends FAA improve aircraft separation Incidents , four last year , occurred in Las Vegas , New York and Charlotte Safety issue arises when planes scrub landing and then pull up to circle airport
CNN  -- For some survivors of the Deepwater Horizon disaster , escaping the inferno of the doomed rig made them feel like they 'd cheated death . But living with the scars of what they witnessed that night , and the memory of the 11 men who perished when the rig exploded off the coast of Louisiana a year ago , has in many ways taken their lives away . "  I remember feeling invincible when it first happened . I remember driving in my truck on the way home after the rig exploded and  I  pushed the gas  pedal  to the floor and never let off it , " says Daniel Barron . But the high Barron felt from surviving did n't last long . "  You have that guilty conscience of , ` Okay , I made it , that 's great , but then these guys did n't . ' Was there something I could have done to save more people ? " Barron says his guilt is compounded by physical and mental issues that are a result of the disaster . He suffers from memory loss , and has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and depression , according to medical records provided to CNN . He witnessed one of his good friends , whom he calls a "  fallen brother , " die right in front of him when a second explosion rocked the rig . "  It literally picked him up ... like a child would throw a toy ... and he ended up bouncing off of the pedestal for the crane , " he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper shortly after the disaster . "  Just to see him get blown up like that , I mean , it was , it 's heart-wrenching , " Barron said . Barron says one night , the psychological pain and the guilt of surviving when so many friends did not , became overwhelming . "  I had a 6-shot pistol and I just wanted it to be over , " he says . His wife discovered him playing Russian roulette and persuaded him to hand over the gun before it was too late . Douglas Brown , one of Barron 's fellow survivors , also speaks of the guilt of surviving the disaster . "  I am thankful that I , I made it out alive but a lot of times , I do n't -- there 's a lot of times where I feel I should , I should have died there too , along with my friends , " Brown said . Like Barron , Brown has been diagnosed with multiple mental issues including PTSD , traumatic brain injury , depression and anxiety , according to medical records . A third survivor , Matthew Jacobs , says he thinks of the 11 victims of the Deepwater Horizon every day and wakes up screaming from nightmares where he 's re-living the explosions . "  It 's something that I just ca n't quit , you know , get out of my head , " he says . Jacobs first told the story of his harrowing escape to Cooper in the weeks after the disaster . He expected to die as his lifeboat , which was being lowered 75 feet down from the rig , was filling with smoke and started to free-fall after another explosion . "  I prayed for my family to let God know that I love my wife and that I love my kids , " he said . In the year since , Jacobs and his wife have started divorce proceedings because of his mental issues including , post-traumatic stress disorder and depression , he says . Those mental issues are also corroborated by medical records provided to CNN . All three survivors say their physical and mental injuries have left them unable to work and they 're suing their employer Transocean for lost wages and pain and suffering . While technically still employees , they have not set foot on a rig since the disaster and their employer stopped paying their salaries last December . They accuse Transocean of valuing profits over safety prior to the accident , and of valuing minimizing monetary losses over the welfare of its employees after it . In a statement , Transocean responded to their allegations writing : "  From the first hours , Transocean has focused on providing support for its employees and the families of those who were lost aboard the Deepwater Horizon , including continued full pay and benefits for eight months following the incident and professional counseling for those in need . Today , more than one third of the Deepwater Horizon crew are back to work at Transocean and the entire company continues to be inspired by their courage and commitment . " Transocean still pays for some of the three survivors ' health care costs and gives them a small monthly stipend for room and board as required by law . The survivors were offered an additional six months of pay to drop any claims , but they declined , according to legal records provided to CNN . On the anniversary of the disaster , the survivors say they hope to one day put the accident behind them but also hope people never forget the 11 men who died that night on the Deepwater Horizon . "  I would ask people just to remember them and pray for their families , because I know those families are still suffering , " Brown says . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Survivors say the scars from the disaster have taken their lives away Medical records : Survivors have been diagnosed with multiple mental issues One says he wakes up screaming from nightmares Transocean says its focus is on providing support for employees
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Police in India summarily execute prisoners , torture and threaten suspects and arrest people without reason , a leading rights group said Tuesday . Human Rights Watch says individial officers are not to blame for abuses . India 's police have largely failed to evolve from the repressive forces they were designed to be under Britain 's colonial regime , according to a new report by the U.S.-based Human Rights Watch . "  While 60 years later , much of India is in the process of rapid modernization , the police continue to use their old methods , " the group said . Officials at the Federal Home Ministry -- which is responsible for the police -- offered no immediate comment . The report cited abuse and threats as a primary tactic for investigating crime and enforcing the law in India . It said the system rather than individual officers or commanders was partly to blame . "  The institutional culture of police practically discourages officers from acting otherwise , failing to give them the resources , training , ethical environment and encouragement to develop professional police tactics , " it said . The Federal Home Ministry will study the report before responding , said R.K. Sharma , its deputy secretary dealing with human rights issues , but some former police officers agreed that the force had yet to modernize . Nikhil Kumar , former police commissioner of New Delhi and head of an association of retired officers from the Indian capital , charged that almost all Indian states had been reluctant to carry out police reforms . State chief ministers , he said , had rejected any moves aimed at granting greater autonomy to the police for fear it would loosen their control over the force . "  The police inherited a colonial legacy . In the last 60 years or so , they should have come out of it , but this has n't happened . What has happened is that British masters have been replaced by Indian masters , " Kumar remarked . The legal basis for much of India 's state and federal police services is a law dating back to 1861 , which was drafted in the wake of an 1857 uprising against British rule . India gained its independence from Britain in 1947 . Kumar said a national police commission had recommended scrapping the 1861 law some 30 years ago , but said it had not been acted upon except for what he called "  small changes . " Top serving officers from Uttar Pradesh and Karnataka , states HRW used for its field research , refused comment on the report . "  I have to study it first , " Karnataka police chief Ajay Kumar Singh said . Brij Lal , additional director general of police in Uttar Pradesh , gave the same response . Successive governments for decades have failed to deliver on promises to hold the police accountable for abuses and to build professional , rights-respecting police forces , HRW said . "  Colonial-era police laws enable state and local politicians to interfere routinely in police operations , sometimes directing police officers to drop investigations against people with political connections , including known criminals , and to harass or file false charges against political opponents , " it added . Moreover , abysmal conditions for police officers also contribute to violations , the report noted . Low-ranking officers often work in difficult conditions and are required to be on-call 24 hours a day , every day , it said . "  They often lack necessary equipment , including vehicles , mobile phones , investigative tools and even paper on which to record complaints and make notes , " the HRW said . The 118-page report , "  Broken System : Dysfunction , Abuse and Impunity in the Indian Police , " is based on interviews with more than 80 police officers of varying ranks , 60 people who said they were victims of police abuse , and numerous discussions with experts and civil society activists . "  It 's time for the government to stop talking about reform and fix the system , " said Brad Adams , HRW 's Asia director , in a statement .	Human Rights Watch accuses Indian police of abuses Group blames colonial-era police system rather than individuals No immediate comment from Indian authorities
CNN  -- Now , this just may be the best entertainment news of the summer . It has nothing to do with movie blockbusters . They 're coming , as they always do when the weather gets warm : the mass-produced , mind-deadening barrage of predictable sequels , computer-generated explosions and space battles , dreary comedies about groups of wacky buddies , and high-decibel car chase after high-decibel car chase . Which is what makes what happened on a recent Saturday afternoon in Granite Falls , Minnesota , population 2,897 , so delightful . A one-day musical theater production was presented that had taken three months to write , rehearse and produce . It took place along an eight-mile stretch of the Minnesota River . More than 200 people attended . And that entire audience was in canoes . For three hours , they paddled from scene to scene . "  The river was the real star of the show , " said Andrew Gaylord , 33 , of St. Paul , Minnesota , who wrote the play and the music for it , and who co-directed it with his producing partner , Ashley Hanson , 29 . He said that their intention was to honor and salute the concept of community and place : to provide for their audience an afternoon of entertainment that they could n't possibly find anywhere else . In dreaming up the idea and getting it done -- putting the audience in those canoes , and having them paddle to each of the six scenes in the play along the eight miles of water -- Gaylord and Hanson may have displayed more sheer ingenuity and grin-inducing creativity than you 'll find in any dozen movie-multiplex blockbusters in the months ahead . The play was called "  With the Future on the Line , " and it told the story of how three Western Minnesota River Valley communities , in the late 1800s , competed to become the county seat . The Minnesota River , though , was without question the leading character , "  with its slow meanders and brutally carved banks , with its fish jumping , turtles sunbathing , eagles soaring , and pelicans taxiing , " in Gaylord 's words . There was a cast of 34 , all volunteer amateur actors , and a crew of nearly 100 . The scenes took place in six locales along the river ranging from an island to a small bluff overlooking the water ; from a campground on the water 's edge to a beautiful meadow . The audience would paddle up in their canoes  there were 18 10-person canoes , plus smaller canoes that just sort of tagged along  ; the audience would sit right there in those canoes and watch the actors play the scene on the shore . Then some of the actors would race ahead in cars to the next location so that they would arrive before the canoes did . "  For me , this was 100 % about the celebration of community , " Ashley Hanson told me . "  We keep being told that , all over the country , the traditional sense of community is being fragmented , is disappearing . That 's why it felt so good to put such a tremendous amount of work into something so ephemeral . Something magical that is there for one day only . " She and Gaylord are new at this ; they have formed a theater company in St. Paul they call PlaceBase Productions , in the hopes of presenting community-specific shows like this around the nation . They received some financial underwriting for the Granite Falls endeavor from Minnesota organizations devoted to the betterment of life along the river , but on the subject of making enough money doing this to support themselves , "  we 're still kind of trying to figure that out , " Gaylord said with a laugh . Like the rest of us , Gaylord has sat in movie theaters and witnessed that annoying glow as people in row after row check their cellphone screens for messages even while the film is playing . He said one of the nicest parts of the Paddling Theatre  that 's what he and Hanson called it  afternoon was that "  I did n't see anyone yakking in their canoes -- I did n't see them on the phone . They seemed like they did n't want to be anywhere else in the world than where they were at that moment . " No professional theater critics attended the production , but outdoors writer Tom Cherveny of the West Central Tribune in nearby Willmar , Minnesota , watched the entire show from a canoe . I asked him what he thought , both of the day and of the performance . "  It was great , " he said . "  It really did work . " There was something I kept thinking about as I spoke with Gaylord and Hanson , and I hoped they would n't be offended if I brought it up , because I meant it as a compliment . One of my favorite movies is "  Waiting for Guffman , " Christopher Guest 's sardonic yet ultimately hopeful 1997 comedy about the fictional small town of Blaine , Missouri , and its against-all-odds attempt to put on a one-day musical for the town 's 150th birthday . What happened in Granite Falls felt a little like Guffman-with-paddles , and I wanted to know if that had occurred to Gaylord and Hanson . " ` Guffman ' is my battle cry , " Ashley Hanson said . "  Not the comical elements in it , but the sweetness . "  The importance of making the effort . The sense of sincerity , of caring for a community . "  That 's what fuels me . Getting people excited about where they 're from . Reminding them of why it matters . Because it does . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : A theater troupe put on a play at various spots along 8 miles of Minnesota River He says audience travels to scenes by canoe , pulls up to bank to watch from the river He says creators of play want to deliver a sense of place to audiences Greene : Like "  Waiting for Guffman , " play celebrates community sweetly , sincerely
CNN  -- The husband of a Texas woman missing since March has a "  completely watertight alibi " on the day his estranged wife disappeared , his lawyer said Wednesday . Julie Ann Gonzalez was last seen March 26 by her estranged husband , George De La Cruz , and Austin police said this week that they consider De La Cruz a "  person of interest " in the disappearance . But the husband 's lawyer told HLN 's "  Issues With Jane Velez-Mitchell " that the documents are between three and nine months old . "  If anyone would look at the timeline of the day that Julie Ann disappeared and the timeline my client has provided from morning till night , it is physically impossible that he had anything to do with her disappearance , " the attorney , Patrick Fagerberg , said . "  It is a completely watertight alibi everywhere he was . " Gonzalez , 21 , was last seen March 26 when she came to pick up the couple 's 2-year-old daughter . De La Cruz has said his wife appeared "  out of it " when she came to the house , changed her mind about picking up their daughter and said she would come back later . The couple was going through a divorce , and Gonzalez had told a friend about a new man in her life whom she said was taking her away for the weekend , her mother , Sandra Soto , said in May . But she said Gonzalez 's MySpace page was updated by a mobile phone user after her disappearance to add posts that read "  I wanted to run away " and "  I 'm sick of the BS in my life . " Her car , which was almost brand new , was found abandoned outside a Walgreen 's drug store . Gonzalez worked as a pharmacy technician at another Walgreen 's . And Gonzalez has not accessed her bank account since her disappearance , but someone used her credit card to purchase the movie "  The Spiderwick Chronicles " at a store in Austin , her mother said . Fagerberg said De La Cruz was the one who purchased the movie . He said he spent three hours with detectives Tuesday , "  going over the warrants and giving the logical , innocent explanation for some things in those warrants which may appear incriminating on the surface . " But he said that when all the facts emerge , "  You will see that there was an innocent explanation for everything that happened that day , " he said .	Julie Ann Gonzalez has been missing since March 26 Austin police consider estranged husband , George De La Cruz , as "  person of interest " De La Cruz 's lawyer says there 's "  an innocent explanation for everything "
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday blamed Hamas for abducting three teenagers who went missing in Jewish settlements in the West Bank . "  This morning I can say what I was unable to say yesterday before the extensive wave of arrests of Hamas members in Judea and Samaria , " he said at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting . "  Those who perpetrated the abduction of our youths were members of Hamas -- the same Hamas that Abu Mazen made a unity government with . This has severe repercussions . " Abu Mazen is another name for Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Netanyahu said he asked Abbas "  to do everything to help bring them back in peace . " He 's also given security forces orders to locate the teenagers and prevent them from being moved to Gaza or any other place . One of three boys is a dual Israeli-American citizen , according to CNN affiliate Channel 10 Israel , which attributed the information to a source at Netanyahu 's office . Israeli and U.S. officials have not publicly confirmed the report . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called Sunday for the immediate release of the boys . "  We are still seeking details on the parties responsible for this despicable terrorist act , although many indications point to Hamas ' involvement , " Kerry said in a written statement that offered support to the Israeli government . "  As we gather this information , we reiterate our position that Hamas is a terrorist organization known for its attacks on innocent civilians and which has used kidnapping in the past . " Netanyahu : Israeli forces can use ` all measures ' to free teens ` We 'll hug them soon ' Gilad Shaar , 16 ; Naftali Frenkel , 16 ; and Eyal Yifrach , 19 , have been missing since late Thursday or Friday , and were last seen around Gush Etzion , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The three "  were just on their way home , " Naftali 's mother , Racheli Frankel , told reporters . "  We trust " that they "  will be with us here , and we 'll hug them soon ... and God willing , we 'll all be able to celebrate their return safely , " she said . She thanked the security forces for their efforts and the U.S. Embassy for its support . "  We feel waves and waves of prayers and support and positive energy in this direction . " Israeli soldiers have detained about 80 Palestinian suspects in the search for the three teens , the IDF said Sunday . Netanyahu on Saturday gave security forces the OK to use "  all measures " at their disposal to find the teenagers . The Palestinian Ministry of Information said in a written statement that the arrests come under "  flimsy pretexts " as a "  continuation of the aggression " on Palestinians . "  The ministry also asserts that the Israeli military campaign has been on going for decades , during which  Israel  kidnapped the entire Palestinian people , " it said . Hamas responds A Hamas spokesman in Gaza told CNN that Netanyahu 's comments attributing blame were "  stupid and baseless . " "  The arrest campaign made by the Israeli occupation in the West Bank is targeted to break the backbone of Hamas and bring it down , but the Israelis will not succeed in achieving their goal , " Sami Abu Zuhri said . But Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister Danny Ayalon said the kidnappings are a reminder of Hamas ' tactics . "  When the Fatah-Hamas government was formed last month , the international community quickly recognized and welcomed it , " he wrote in a Facebook post . "  Suddenly , Hamas ' cruel acts of terrorism were forgotten , their never-ending attempts to harm innocent civilians , along with the Hamas Charter , which calls for the total destruction of the state of Israel . " Now , he wrote , "  the international community has been given a second chance to correct its moral , diplomatic and strategic mistakes . Wall to wall condemnations of the kidnapping are called for , as well as placing responsibility on the Palestinian government , including the threat of taking physical , economic and diplomatic steps against it . " But , he wrote , the international community is "  keeping silent , and by doing so , not only are the Palestinians receiving a false , lenient message , but Israel also understands again that she has no one to count on but herself , something that will not encourage further compromises on her part in the near future . " IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said , "  We are determined in bringing the boys home in a  hasty  manner , in safety and in good health . Palestinian terrorists will not feel safe , will not be able to hide and will feel the heavy arm of the Israeli military capabilities . " ' #BringBackOurBoys ' The abduction of the three teens inspired social media users to use the hashtag #BringBackOurBoys , a reference to the #BringBackOurGirls campaign for more than 200 Nigerian school girls who were kidnapped by militants . The thread quickly became contentious , with pro-Palestinian users alleging many Palestinian children have been kidnapped by Israeli soldiers and imprisoned . A "  Bring Back Our Boys " Facebook page calling for an end to "  the terrorism against Israel " had more than 50,000 likes Sunday .	U.S. calls abduction a "  despicable terrorist act " Missing teen 's mom : They "  were just on their way home " Palestinian ministry and Hamas denounce Israel 's arrests of Palestinians Israeli deputy minister slams international community for "  keeping silent "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Party Unity My A -- ! Not all of Sen. Hillary Clinton 's supporters have fallen in line behind Sen. Barack Obama . Not exactly the slogan you want heading into your presidential nominating convention , but one that is being repeated online and in neighborhood bars by a group of disenchanted Democrats , who have dubbed themselves PUMAs . Why are they angry ? It all depends on whom you ask . Some of the PUMAs accuse Democratic leaders of rigging the primaries to favor Sen. Barack Obama , while others feel that he is not qualified to be the party nominee , let alone competent enough to lead the country . Kim Mann said she thinks that Obama is too liberal . Webster Tarpley said the senator from Illinois is too conservative . But Mann , a 52-year-old project manager from Manassas , Virginia , and Tarpley , a self-described 62-year-old "  controversial author , " agree on one thing : Neither wants Obama to be the Democratic nominee . Watch why some Democrats oppose Obama 's nomination " Even though Sen. Hillary Clinton conceded the Democratic presidential nomination to Obama in early June and urged all of her supporters to vote for him , not all of her backers heeded the call . Hence , the beginning of the PUMA movement . "  What we are really organizing about is to reinitiate Hillary back into the presidential race , " Mann said during a recent interview at a Washington bar , where she met with fellow PUMAs for kinship and to strategize about how to make Clinton the Democratic nominee . Will Bower , the 36-year-old head of the PUMA pack , and his like-minded Democrats are angry because they charge that the Democratic National Committee unfairly imposed sanctions on Michigan and Florida after both states violated party rules by holding primary contests before February 5 . Clinton won both primaries -- Obama 's name was not even on the Michigan ballot -- and had those states counted at the beginning , well , who knows what would have happened . "  I have never voted for anything but a Democrat , and I feel that there has been an internal coup , and they are putting forward a candidate that does not represent the will of the Democratic Party , " Bower said . To be fair , the DNC did go through a lengthy review process of the primary calendar and warned every state that only four -- Iowa , New Hampshire , Nevada and South Carolina -- would be allowed to hold primaries before Super Tuesday . And if you ask the Obama campaign , it 's confident that the senator is up to the job . Watch more from the campaign trail " But that has n't stopped Bower , a Washington resident who recently quit his job to oversee the PUMA pack , and others from trying to subvert Obama 's likely nomination to make room for Clinton . "  We have got a convention coming up and although everyone calls him the nominee , he is the presumed nominee , " Bower said . "  So we need to make sure Hillary gets her name in nomination and those delegates get a chance to vote , because I think there are a lot of delegates who will change their mind by the end of August and realize that Hillary Clinton is the truer Democrat . " Clinton , for her part , is not supporting this effort , and is committed to helping Obama defeat Sen. John McCain in November , a spokesman said . "  She has been very crystal clear that she supports Sen. Obama and wants every Democrat and every one of her supporters to get behind him , " said Mo Elleithee , Clinton 's spokesman . "  She has said repeatedly the stakes are so high and anyone that has voted for her has more in common with Sen. Obama than Sen. McCain . " Bower just shrugs off Clinton 's support of Obama . "  Hillary Clinton is a voter , and we are voters and we love her and we will do most of what she asks us to do , " Bower said . "  But at the end of the day we make our own decisions when we go into the polling booth . " He estimates that there are 250 PUMA-related Web sites and 2.5 million PUMAs online . I am not sure there is metric to measure their enthusiasm , but a preliminary test will come next month when the group holds a conference in Washington to plan for Denver -- the site of the 2008 Democratic National Convention . How many PUMAs will show up ? What will be the group 's rallying cry ? Then the real test will be at the end of August when Democrats convene in the Colorado capital to make Obama the party 's official presidential nominee . But will that be too late ? PUMAs do n't think so . Should the Obama campaign be worried about the PUMAs ? A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll showed that more than four in 10 Democrats still preferred Clinton as the nominee . But Obama is leading McCain in early general election polls . And as Clinton continues to vocalize her support for Obama , it is probably safe to say that more Clinton backers will likely fall in line behind him . From donors to volunteers , the Obama campaign said that Clinton 's supporters have already expressed support for the senator from Illinois . "  Democrats across the country understand how urgently we need change , not four more years of failed Bush policies -- and we 've been very pleased that so many who supported Sen. Clinton in the primary have taken active roles in the Obama campaign , organizing , raising money and most importantly , talking to their friends and neighbors about the clear choice in this election , " Obama spokesman Nick Shapiro said . If Clinton thinks Obama is the best candidate and the Democratic establishment is backing him , then why else would these PUMAs dislike him so much ? "  I have a big concern that we do n't actually know what his policies are because you know throughout the primary he had his policies that he would speak about , and since he clinched the nomination on June 3 , he 's really backtracked , " said Nili Navot , 28 , an education worker from New York who came to Washington for the PUMA happy hour at the bar . "  And you know he has really gone back on a lot of things from public financing to supporting the FISA bill . " If PUMAs are unsuccessful in preventing Obama from getting the nomination , what will they do ? Bower and Mann said they would cross party lines and vote for McCain ; Navot noted she might write in Clinton 's name or not vote at all . Tarpley said he would turn his gaze towards Green Party nominee Cynthia McKinney , Libertarian Party nominee Bob Barr or independent candidate Ralph Nader . Tarpley said a McCain victory might be the best result if Obama is the Democratic nominee . It would allow the party an opportunity to reflect and perhaps "  radicalize it in a New Deal direction . " "  I would say McCain is on track to be a tired old lame duck as soon as he gets into office , and he will face a very hostile Congress , " said Tarpley , noting that Democrats are projected to maintain majorities in the House of Representatives and Senate . "  I think what you will have is gridlock , and I would say at this point gridlock is about the best you can do . "	Some disgruntled Democrats say party rigged primaries for Sen. Barack Obama Despite Sen. Hillary Clinton 's urging , not all of her followers are backing Obama Some PUMAs say they will subvert Obama 's nomination Others say they will vote for Republican opponent Sen. John McCain
NEW YORK  CNN  -- He 's only 5 1/2 years old , and yet he 's practically memorized the entire New York subway grid . Gwenyth Jackaway started to wonder if Donor-X passed on a genetic component to her son , Dylan , who is autistic . He reads at the fourth-grade level , plays two-handed piano compositions and is better versed than most adults about the Fibonacci code , a complex mathematics sequence . Dylan loves Italian music and draws pictures that artist Jackson Pollock would be proud of . He also happens to be autistic . Gwenyth Jackaway , Dylan 's mother , is a professor at New York 's Fordham University . She 's single but had always wanted to have a child . So she contacted California Cryobank , one of the largest sperm donor banks in the country . Cryobank does n't reveal the identities of donors but allows people to choose based on the traits they 'd like their child to have . Jackaway decided on "  Donor X " because he appeared philosophical and intelligent on paper . He liked music , loved to travel and had a high IQ and a degree in economics . What she could n't know then is that her son would have autism . So she started to wonder whether Donor X might carry a gene that could have contributed . Dylan tells Randi Kaye how to take subway back to work " The cause or causes of autism are not known and are hotly debated . Most experts believe that genetics are a component , making a child predisposed to autism or responsive to an environmental trigger . "  It 's a combination of being genetically vulnerable and then having some kind of social or toxicant exposure that tips you over , " according to Dr. Gary Goldstein of the Kennedy Krieger Institute . Researchers have found some genetic areas associated with autism , but it could take years before the gene or genes that cause autism or contribute to it will be determined . Until then , Geri Dawson , chief science officer for the Manhattan-based advocacy group Autism Speaks , says there 's no way to screen for those genes and prevent them from being passed to a child . "  We would n't be able to screen a donor for autism because we do n't yet know the specific genes that are contributing to autism , " Dawson said . "  But there is a lot of research going on , and I would say in the next five to 10 years , we will have identified between five and 10 genes that we know raise the risk for autism . " Once the autism gene or genes have been identified , it would theoretically be possible to screen for those genes , according to Dawson . Jackaway says she went into a period of mourning when Dylan 's autism was diagnosed at age 2 . "  When you 're handed a diagnosis of some sort of developmental disorder , you have to let go of the child you thought you were going to have , " Jackaway said . "  There 's a sense of loss of the child , a grieving process . There 's denial , there 's rage , and then there 's the tremendous sadness , and hopefully you get to a place of accepting . " Jackaway says she had to accept that "  I do n't have that child I thought I was going to have . But I have this child instead , who 's right here in front of me . " Through a Web site called Donor Sibling Registry , she reached out to other women who used Donor X . She found six families who had used the same donor . Two years ago , she visited Theresa Pergola in the New York area ; she had given birth to triplets using sperm from Donor X. Just minutes into their meeting , Jackaway noticed Pergola 's son , Joseph , 2 , exhibiting some of the same behavior as her son . "  He was walking on his toes ; he was flapping his hands . There seemed to be eye contact issues , " recalled Jackaway , who immediately suggested screening Joseph for autism . "  She told me that she saw characteristics of autism , and it was very upsetting to me at that time , " Pergola said . "  I did n't know what to expect from that point on . I know I was scared , and she was there to let me know that it was going to be OK . " Pergola says she was afraid because she had an image of autism in her head and believed her son would be "  in the corner and rocking and not talking . " She says Jackaway reassured her that would n't be the case . One month later , a test confirmed what Pergola already knew : Joseph was autistic . The diagnosis brought her to tears , and now these two women whose sons share a father were immediately connected by another bond : autism . "  She was terribly upset , " Jackaway remembered . "  That moment is a terribly frightening moment . You get handed a diagnosis , and you get handed an entirely new future . " In six families Jackaway contacted that had used Donor X , three of the children are autistic , and one is showing signs of autism . But would Jackaway be happier today if there had been a way to screen Donor X for an autism gene ? "  I 've done a lot of thinking about this , and to say yes to that is to say that I wish Dylan is n't Dylan , " Jackaway said . "  I love my son and everything about him , and that means loving his autism also . Loving your children means loving everything about them . Our children do n't have autism ; they are autistic . It 's part of who they are . " There is currently no way to screen for autism , and in a statement , the company said in part : "  There is no current genetic test to detect autism . California Cryobank  CCB  employs one of the most thorough and rigorous donor screening processes in the industry , with less than 1 % of all applicants actually becoming donors . The standard CCB procedure for screening donors involves extensive physical , genetic and health screening ... " Since the discovery of autism in some of the families that used Donor X , Cryobank had this to say about his samples : " ... per CCB policy , the donor 's samples were removed from the general catalog . These vials may only be sold to a client who has previously used specimens of this donor and is interested in ordering additional specimens . In this case the client is made aware of the new medical information and potential issues ... " The families do n't blame the sperm bank . In fact , Theresa Pergola says she 's still uncertain about an autism screening process , if and when it ever becomes available . "  It can go either way , on the one hand it could be helpful so that people could make choices about what risks they want to take , " says Pergola . "  On the other hand it 's like , what else are they going to screen for , you know ? Are they going to screen for certain personality traits ? It 's hard to say . It 's really hard to say . " E-mail to a friend	Gwenyth Jackaway never imagined donor could pass autism genetically to son Her son , Dylan , two other kids connected to Donor-X are autistic Expert says genetic component , environmental trigger linked to autism Since autism discovery , Donor X samples are no longer available for reproduction
CNN  -- Nothing makes a workout go by faster than the perfect playlist . Studies show listening to music while exercising can boost your spirits , distract you from feelings of fatigue and increase your workout intensity . "  Music is like a legal drug for athletes , " exercise and music expert Costas Karageorghis told the American Council on Exercise . "  It can reduce the perception of effort significantly and increase endurance by as much as 15 % . " Spotify users must like the high ; they 've created more than 2.8 million "  workout " playlists on the music streaming service . But after a while , even your favorite tunes can be overplayed . Spotify has released the top tracks that got gym goers moving between January 1 and 13 . Steal some to keep your time on the treadmill upbeat . Mobile users can access the playlist here . Warning : Some of the songs may contain explicit content . . Or , if you 'd like something a little more personal , check out the songs that led to first lady Michelle Obama 's impressive guns . On mobile . Or go pro , by listening to the same music that fitness trainer Jackie Warner uses to pump up her workouts . On mobile . British pop star Ellie Goulding also shared her "  Music to Run to " motivational playlist with Spotify . She told the company , "  Music and working out go hand in hand . The beat of a song or the perfect playlist can always carry you through a tough workout . " On mobile . What tracks keep you moving in the gym ? Share your favorites in the comments below .	Spotify users have created 2.8 million "  workout " playlists Men tend to prefer hip-hop hits while exercising , Spotify says Women like dance tracks from artists such as Ke $ ha and David Guetta
CNN  -- England captain John Terry shrugged off lurid allegations about his private life to score the winning goal as Chelsea claimed a vital 2-1 victory at Burnley to go four points clear in the Premier League . Terry unsuccessfully failed with a High Court injunction to prevent newspapers publishing the revelations about an alleged affair with the former girlfriend of ex-teammate Wayne Bridge . There were doubts that Terry would even play at Turf Moor , but with the clock counting down and the scores tied 1-1 , he came up for a corner and headed an 82nd minute winner . The win takes Chelsea four points clear of Manchester United , who play third-placed Arsenal in a vital match in the title race at the Emirates on Sunday . "  It was a very difficult game , " Chelsea manager Carlo Ancelotti told ESPN before praising his captain . "  He 's a fantastic player . Every game , he plays very well . "  He 's an important player for us . All of Chelsea support him . " Nicolas Anelka had given Chelsea a 27th-minute lead with his sixth goal in six games , but the relegation battlers equalized in the 50th minute as Steven Fletcher foxed defender Alex before shooting past Petr Cech . Earlier , the race for the fourth Champions League place tightened up as Tottenham were held 1-1 at Birmingham . Jermaie Defoe looked to have given Spurs three points until Liam Ridgewell 's injury-time equalizer . But their rivals for fourth , Liverpool and Aston Villa , both won to keep up the pressure . Liverpool beat Bolton 2-0 to stay a point adrift of Spurs in fifth while Villa , who have a game in hand , are two points behind after defeating Fulham by the same scoreline in a match where Gabriel Agbonlahor scored both goals . In the tight relegation battle , second from bottom Hull failed to climb out of the relegation zone after a 2-2 home draw with fellow strugglers Wolves . In-form Everton made it four league wins from five with a 1-0 victory away to Wigan while Blackburn Rovers and West Ham shared the points in a goalless draw at Upton Park .	John Terry scores winning goal for Chelsea in a 2-1 win at Burnley Terry played despite headline-grabbing allegations about his private life in English newspapers Chelsea go four points clear in the English Premier League with the victory Tottenham stay fourth despite 1-1 draw at Birmingham as Liverpool and Aston Villa both win
His parents remember Dylan Hockley as such a happy child . He was 6 and full of joy , his mother , Nicole Hockley , says . She said he was always smiling and described his laugh as infectious . When his dad would return to their Newtown , Connecticut , home each day , Dylan would run to his father , Ian , saying , "  Daddy ! " It 's been exactly a month since Dylan and his teacher , Anne Marie Murphy , and 24 other students and adults were killed by a lone gunman at Sandy Hook Elementary School . As would be expected , coping has been hard . "  It 's a strange moment when you wake up in the morning and for that brief second everything is as it was , " she says . "  And then you realize that nothing is ever as it was -- and never will be again . " On Monday , after putting themselves "  in a little cocoon , " as she put it , Hockley decided it was time to tell the world about Dylan . "  He was autistic , " she says , "  but incredibly empathetic . " "  He just wanted to have fun . " Most of all , Dylan loved to bounce on a trampoline in the family 's backyard , remembers his father . "  I 'd say , ` Go out on the trampoline ! ' Ian Hockley says . "  And he would always say , ` Are you coming , Daddy ? ' " Together , they would vault up on the trampoline and bounce , sometimes joined by Dylan 's brother , Jake , who is two years older . "  If I did n't go , Dylan would n't go , " Ian Hockley remembers . "  He just wanted to have so much fun with me . " Just down the street lived Adam Lanza , 20 . Authorities said Lanza opened fire inside Sandy Hook Elementary before taking his own life . They said he killed his mother , Nancy , before the school shooting . Asked whether they knew the Lanzas , Nicole Hockley stiffened and said no . But they say the pain has made it impossible to even drive past the Lanza home . So they are moving elsewhere in the community . "  You ca n't drive up your driveway every day and see the house of a person who took your son 's life and who brought so much pain to so many people , " Nicole said . "  We are leaving that house . We will stay in Newtown , but that 's just one thing too much . I ca n't do that every day . " And they have trouble answering Jake 's questions , such as why ? And will this happen again ? Nicole says these are not things an 8-year-old should have to worry about . But Ian says it 's Jake 's difficult questions that give them the will to get involved -- to try to make something positive come from the tragedy . "  We 're just focusing on getting up each day , " Nicole said . As she puts it , the family is "  trying to find a way to make sense of this by taking some action and getting involved . " They 've started a fund in Dylan 's name to raise money to support programs and educational aids for other children with autism and other special needs . They have n't learned all the details of the massacre that happened on December 14 . Until now , they have n't felt much like watching TV or interacting with the outside world . But one detail has given the Hockleys comfort . A few days after the tragedy , the Hockleys ran into Mike Murphy . His wife , Anne Marie Murphy , taught their son at Sandy Hook . He revealed to her that -- in the terrible aftermath of the attack -- first responders found Dylan and his teacher together . "  He said that Anne Marie Murphy had been found with her arms wrapped around Dylan ... that is what we had hoped for -- in a very strange sort of way to hope for something . " "  She loved him and he loved her and she would 've looked after him no matter what , " she says , fighting back tears . "  To know that he was with her , and that he was n't alone , that gives you a huge peace of mind ... to know that he was loved even in those last moments . " Obama says gun lobby stokes fear Mother shoots home intruder	Newtown parents emerge from isolation after son 's death in school massacre They remember Dylan Hockley , 6 , as always smiling and full of joy Dylan was found wrapped in the arms of his teacher , according to the teacher 's husband They lived down the street from Adam Lanza , who killed 26 people at Sandy Hook school
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The threat from terrorists using chemical , biological and even nuclear weapons is growing , Britain said Tuesday , warning advances in technology will enable extremists to conduct more lethal attacks in the future . Muslim extremists killed 52 people in bomb attacks in London in July 2005 . The predictions came as Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's government 's laid out its anti-terrorism policies and strategy in a document containing previously-classified information . In it the government also warned that although the al Qaeda organization of Osama bin Laden , was likely to fragment in coming years , the group 's ideology will live on . Under the strategy Britain , where 52 people were killed by home-grown Muslim extremists in July 2005 bomb attacks on London 's transit network , says it needs to focus on longer-term causes of terrorism . It says the current threat to Britain and its interests comes primarily from four interrelated sources : It says some of the factors that sustain terrorism today are likely to persist in the future -- such as conflicts exploited by terrorist groups that show no signs of abating , and evolving technology that enables terrorist acts . Other trends , however , will constrain terrorist groups , such as being short of money and funding and having their ideology rejected by Muslims across the Islamic world , the government said . As part of its strategy to prevent terrorism , the government will openly challenge views that could encourage violence , may "  undermine our shared values " and "  jeopardize community cohesion , " the government said . "  We have no intention of outlawing these views or criminalizing those who hold them , " the report says . "  Freedom of thought and speech are rights which are fundamental to our society . But we will not hear these views in silence . We should all stand up for our shared values and not concede the floor to those who dismiss them . " The report says everyone -- government , citizens , and communities -- must challenge those who "  dismiss our shared values . " British government officials plan to work alongside Muslim scholars , faith groups and influential people to challenge the ideologies that support extremism , the report said . The government even plans to sponsor the wider teaching of Islam and religious education , and develop citizenship education in mosque schools . Those who are vulnerable to radicalism are also a target of the government 's plan . There will be programs for mentoring , diversionary activities and leadership training as well as more intensive intervention for those who have already been drawn into violent extremist networks , the government said .	New strategy says al Qaeda will fragment but ideology will live on Terrorists more likely to take advantage of new technology in future Financial constraints likely to restrain some terrorists
CNN  -- A Massachusetts child rape suspect who was wanted in connection with a cross-country series of sexual assaults , kidnappings and armed robberies has been arrested . Gregory Lewis was arrested shortly before midnight in Fort Edward , New York , near the border with Vermont , the Massachusetts State Police said early Wednesday . Lewis , 26 , allegedly committed at least six sexual assaults in various states since fleeing Massachusetts in September , according to the Massachusetts State Police . Several victims in the assaults were women he arranged to meet at local hotels through online escort services , police said . The victims were handcuffed , threatened with a gun , robbed and sexually assaulted . His capture and alleged crimes Police said that when New York state troopers tried to pull over the vehicle Lewis was driving for a missing license plate , he fled , crashing into a river . "  Preliminary reports indicate that LEWIS emerged from his sinking vehicle and brandished a gun at a witness who had heard the crash , " the Massachusetts State Police tweeted . Troopers and police converged and took him into custody Tuesday night . Lewis committed his alleged crimes on his trip west and then circled back east , police said . He was spotted in Denver , Colorado ; Portland , Oregon ; Boise , Idaho ; and Salt Lake City , Utah , in October , authorities said . On Saturday , he was spotted in Indianapolis , Indiana , where he allegedly committed a robbery at a hotel and was captured on surveillance video . The initial arrest Lewis was arrested on August 5 and charged with raping a 14-year-old girl in Southbridge , Massachusetts , police said . He was accused of four felony child rape charges , along with counts related to home invasion , kidnapping and firearms possession . The suspect was released on bail after his initial court hearing and ordered by the court to wear a GPS monitoring bracelet . On September 15 , he cut off the bracelet , left it in the front yard of his young victim 's home and fled Massachusetts in a 2004 Jeep Cherokee , police said . After fleeing Massachusetts , Lewis first traveled to Charlotte , North Carolina , where he allegedly kidnapped , assaulted and robbed a woman on September 23 , police said . The alleged victim , who spoke with CNN affiliate WSOC over the phone , said she met him on the Plenty of Fish dating website . "  He put me in a chokehold and put handcuffs on me with my hands behind my back and said I 'm not going to hurt you . I just want your money , " she said . An attack on his stepfather Two days after the North Carolina assault , police said , Lewis returned to his family 's home in Massachusetts , where he allegedly beat and robbed his stepfather . "  This gentleman was literally shackled and held in the home , with a metal shackle , " Southbridge Police Chief Daniel Charette told CNN affiliate WCVB . Southbridge Police Detective Sgt. Carlos Dingui said Lewis handcuffed his stepfather to prevent him from calling police . Lewis left Southbridge with his stepfather 's Beretta 9 mm semiautomatic handgun , according to Dingui . He also took approximately 200 rounds of ammunition . The firearm that police recovered from Lewis after his arrest Tuesday night matches the description of the one taken from his relative 's house .	Gregory Lewis , 26 , was wanted in connection with violent crimes spanning several states He crashed his car after police pulled him over for a missing license plate
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- The Indian army said it gunned down five militants and foiled an infiltration bid near the border line that divides Kashmir between the nation and Pakistan . Troops thwarted the bid Thursday after they saw six militants trying to enter near Uri area in north Kashmir , military officials said . "  On being asked to surrender , the infiltrators opened heavy fire on our troops , " said Lt Col. J. S. Brar , a defense spokesman . "  The troops retaliated resulting in the killing of five terrorists . " Brar said troops recovered four bodies of the militants , rifles and ammunition at the scene . "  The body of the fifth terrorist is yet to be recovered as the area of operation is in very close proximity to the Line of Control , " he said . "  Identity of the slain terrorists is yet to be established . " Troops are vigilant to thwart such attempts near the Line of Control , he said . The line marks the de-facto border between India and Pakistan in Kashmir .	Troops foil the infiltration bid after they see six militants trying to enter , official says It occurs near the border line that divides Kashmir between India and Pakistan
CNN  -- Rapper MC Hammer launched a string of tweets Saturday with his side of the story two days after he was arrested in northern California for allegedly obstructing an officer . Among his tweets , Hammer said , apparently referring to the arresting officer , that he was asked whether he was on parole or probation before the man tried to pull him out of his vehicle Thursday night . Police in Dublin , east of Oakland , said Hammer was in a vehicle with expired registration and he was not the registered owner . "  After asking Hammer who the registered owner was he became very argumentative and refused to answer the officer 's questions , " police spokesman Herb Walters wrote Saturday evening in an e-mail to CNN . Hammer -- a rap and dance icon in the late 1980s and 1990s -- was arrested on suspicion of resisting an officer and obstructing an officer in the performance of his duties , according to police spokesman Herb Walters . The incident occurred at the Hacienda Crossings shopping center . Hammer began his tweets Saturday with "  chubby elvis looking dude was tapping on my car window , I rolled down the window and he said ` Are you on parole or probation ? ' " "  While I was handing him my ID he reached in my car and tried to pull me out the car but forgot he was on a steady donut diet , " Hammer continued . "  It was comical to me until he pulled out his guns , blew his whistle and yelled for help  MallCop  !!! But make no mistake he 's dangerous . " Hammer , 50 , was booked and released on bail from Santa Rita Jail , Walters said . A court date is next month , and police have until that time to decide on any charges . No drugs or alcohol were suspected in the incident , police said . In another tweet , Hammer , born Stanley Kirk Burrell , said , "  only thing more dangerous than a scared man with a gun , is a scared man with an agenda , a gun and a badge . " "  I will now answer his question , contrary to his personal beliefs , all people of color are not on parole or probation fat boy !!! , " wrote Hammer , later adding he thought of his arrest as "  a teachable moment " and an "  eye opener . " Hammer , who had a hit single in 1990 with "  U Ca n't Touch This , " has been enjoying a resurgence in his career and took the stage with "  Gangnam Style " Korean performer Psy during the American Music Awards last November . Hammer performed "  Too Legit to Quit , " which was released more than 20 years ago . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Rapper argumentative , in vehicle with expired registration , police say MC Hammer arrested this week and released , police say Incident occurred at mall in Dublin , California Police have until his court date next month to decide on any charges
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Determining the amount of troops necessary to win a war is never an easy decision for a commander in chief and his military commanders if history is any guide . The Obama administration is working on a strategic review of improving conditions in Afghanistan . And it 's a dilemma President Obama faces as pressure mounts on him to decide what strategy will improve conditions in Afghanistan . The president and his top military , national security and foreign policy advisers are conducting an intensive strategic review of the U.S. military presence in the war-torn nation . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , is calling for a counterinsurgency strategy that would add as many as 40,000 troops . But others in the administration want a different approach . Vice President Joe Biden has called for a counterterrorism strategy , which would focus on using special forces and technology to reduce the number of al Qaeda insurgents on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border . If the president should listen to McChrystal and adopt a troop "  surge , " the question remains : How many is enough ? One expert said such a large number is needed to reduce violence throughout the country -- the 40,000 troops would allow the U.S. military to "  reverse the momentum of the insurgency , which has been on the rise , " said Kimberly Kagan of the Institute for the Study of War , who has advised McChrystal on Afghanistan . That number , Kagan said , would help fill in gaps around Kandahar in the southern part of the country where Taliban forces have amassed . But she warned that eventually , troops would also be needed to tamp down the insurgency in other parts of the country . "  If we had 40,000 more troops , it is likely that the initiative would be wrested from the enemy , and the U.S. and coalition forces would be able to mount a counteroffensive that would proceed in stages over time , " she said . Even with more troops , the fight will be a tough one if the last few weeks are any indication . Just last week , eight U.S. soldiers were killed in an intense firefight with hundreds of insurgents in Nuristan province , a remote area in northern Afghanistan . It was the second deadliest attack in a single day so far in the war , which recently entered its ninth year . Read soldiers ' accounts from the battle The White House is getting pressure from all sides of this issue . Many on the right have said the president should take the advice of the commanders on the ground . Sen. John McCain , a staunch supporter of the 2007 troop surge in Iraq , said Sunday that any added military deployment in Afghanistan smaller than 40,000 troops "  would be an error of historic proportions . " Asked whether he thought the war in Afghanistan could be won with fewer troops , the Arizona Republican said , "  I do not . " "  I think the great danger now is a half-measure , sort of a -- you know , try to please all ends of the political spectrum , " McCain told John King on "  CNN 's State of the Union . " "  And , again , I have great sympathy for the president , making the toughest decisions that presidents have to make , but I think he needs to use deliberate speed . " Democrats are split over increasing troops . Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said U.S. troops would be put in "  jeopardy " if Obama does not listen to McChrystal . "  I do n't know how you put somebody in who 's as crackerjack as Gen. McChrystal , who gives the president very solid recommendations , and not take those recommendations if you 're not going to pull out , " she said on ABC 's "  This Week . " But Rep. Jim McGovern , D-Massachusetts , who also appeared on ABC , said that enlarging the U.S. footprint in Afghanistan would be a mistake . Watch more on the varying advice Obama is receiving from lawmakers " "  We need to come up with a strategy that includes an exit strategy , because it 'll also put pressure on the government of Afghanistan to step up to the plate , which it has not done so far . " McGovern said adding more troops and resources will make the country go "  bankrupt . " "  We have wars in Iraq , in Afghanistan , hundreds of billions of dollars that are all going onto our credit card . Our kids and our grandkids are paying for this . " But the troop number argument is nothing new for presidents and their defense secretaries . Criticism surrounded then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld as conditions in Iraq deteriorated and insurgents increased attacks on U.S. forces . He was largely criticized for not sending enough troops early in the Iraq war . Rumsfeld 's plan , observers have said , was to win the war in Iraq with smaller troop numbers and a large emphasis on technology , which would in turn let democracy take root . At the beginning of the war in 2003 , troops quickly filled the country , took out Saddam Hussein 's government and gained control of Baghdad , the capital . The force was small , and success came quickly . But three years later , civil war broke out , and U.S. forces struggled to maintain control of cities they had once secured . Rumsfeld admitted in a 2006 CNN interview that no one was well-prepared for what would happen after major combat ended . "  Well , I think that anyone who looks at it with the benefit of 20/20 hindsight has to say that there was not an anticipation that the level of insurgency would be anything approximating what it is , " Rumsfeld told CNN for the 2006 documentary , "  CNN Presents Rumsfeld -- Man of War . " CNN 's Tom Evans and Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	The war in Afghanistan passed the 8-year mark last week Obama and his national security team are working on a new strategy His top commander there has reportedly called for 40,000 more troops
CNN  -- China 's top court has banned the use of torture to extract confessions , the latest in a series of reforms to its criminal justice system . According to state-run news agency Xinhua , a document released by China 's Supreme People 's Court on Thursday stated that evidence and testimony obtained through torture and illegal methods such as forcing the accused to suffer extreme temperatures , hunger and fatigue -- must be ruled out by judges . Xinhua said that torture has been a practice of "  widespread concern " and was used by some Chinese law enforcement personnel to wrap up cases quickly through forced testimony or a confession . "  Evidence must be valued , " Xinhua quoted the document as saying . "  The traditional concept and practice of a testimony being the most paramount should be changed , and more attention should be paid to examining and using material evidence . " The court document came after China announced a series reforms following a four-day closed-door meeting in Beijing earlier this month . Last week , China said it plans to abolish the "  re-education through labor " system under which tens of thousands are imprisoned in China without trial . The reform plan also promised to reduce the number of crimes that carry death sentences . Capital punishment should be handed down by seasoned judges and must be ruled out if evidence is not sufficient , the court document said . Human rights groups cautioned that the announcement by the Supreme People 's Court , while an encouraging step , should not pass as real reform yet . Nicholas Bequelin of Human Rights Watch said that the document demonstrated that there were people inside the system pushing for progress , and that alone was significant . He said in a statement posted on the organization 's website , that this was the latest step China had taken in recent years to try to address the "  most glaring " defects of China 's criminal law system and one paper document was not likely to bring about major changes . "  For one , it only speaks to the courts , while it 's the police , a much more powerful institution than China 's weak courts , that does the torturing , " he said . Investigators in China drowning case jailed	A Chinese court has banned the use of torture to obtain confessions , say state-run media Tactics like hunger , fatigue and extreme temperatures are reportedly prohibited Rights groups see the move as an encouraging step but not yet a sign of real reform
Washington  CNN  -- An elephant never forgets , they say , especially a veteran political one like Republican Sen. John McCain . The Arizona conservative known for his hawkish views claimed a policy victory Thursday over the man who beat him in the 2008 presidential election . He took to the Senate floor to declare himself right for opposing President Barack Obama 's decision to pull U.S. forces out of Iraq in 2011 . "  Now we know what happens when we left Iraq . Now we know the consequences , " McCain said . "  I hope that all those people that called me all of the names that I am not going to repeat here would render an apology because I was right ! Because I said if we leave Iraq completely then , we risk the great danger of it deteriorating . " The night before , McCain tore into former White House Press Secretary Jay Carney in a live interview after Obama announced escalated military steps in Iraq and Syria to take on ISIS extremists . Their argument involved Obama 's policies in Iraq and Syria during his first term , with McCain blaming the President for the current crisis and berating Carney for "  bragging " about withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq in 2011 . The exchange , with McCain repeatedly cutting Carney off and calling him a liar , came on Carney 's first night as a CNN analyst . Here 's a look at what they said : 1  McCain said Obama rejected calls by his entire national security team to arm Syrian rebels This is partly true . Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and others in the administration wanted to send weapons and other aid to Syrian opposition groups considered moderate to bolster their fight against government forces of President Bashar al-Assad . However , some voices inside and out of the administration opposed such a move , arguing that extremist elements in the opposition , including al Qaeda affiliates , could wind up with the U.S. hardware . At the time , McCain and fellow war hawks pushed loudly for arming the Syrian rebels and criticized Obama for deciding against it . On Wednesday night , McCain took umbrage with Carney 's assertion that the Syrian opposition was too informal and splintered to pick partners for aid back in 2012 . Asked by CNN anchor Anderson Cooper about Obama 's speech , McCain quickly veered off to attack Carney . "  By the way , I 'm astounded that Mr. Carney should say that the Free Syrian Army is now stronger . In fact , they have been badly damaged , " McCain said . When Carney replied that he had merely noted the United States now had more information on the rebels , McCain shot back : "  Come on , Jay , we knew all about them then . You just did n't choose to know . " "  Your boss , when the entire national security team wanted to arm and train them , he turned them down , Mr. Carney , " McCain continued . Carney interjected that the two should "  agree to disagree on this , " but McCain kept going , asserting Obama made "  the unilateral decision " to turn down "  the entire national security team . " 2  McCain said Obama 's decision to withdraw U.S. forces from Iraq led to the current crisis The withdrawal contributed to conditions that resulted in ISIS fighters rampaging through northern Iraq from Syria , but other factors also played a role . For example , critics accused former Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of consolidating power and persecuting political rivals , blaming him for fueling Iraq 's problems with sectarian policies that alienated Sunni Muslims . McCain 's main point was that Obama brought home all the U.S. troops instead of leaving a residual force of at least several thousand to help maintain stability . "  The fact he did n't leave a residual force in Iraq , overruling all of his military advisers , is the reason we 're facing ISIS today , " said the senator . While military leaders called for keeping a limited U.S. contingent in Iraq , the Obama administration needed a security agreement with the Iraqi government to do so . No such agreement emerged , and Carney said the result was fulfillment of withdrawal plans dating back to the previous administration of Republican President George W. Bush . "  You are again saying facts that are patently false , " McCain responded , arguing the Iraqis wanted a residual U.S. deployment but Obama never supported such a result . "  And you in your role as a spokesperson bragged about the fact that the last American combat troop had left Iraq , " he continued . "  If we had left a residual force , the situation would not be what it is today . " Carney responded that McCain presented "  facts that you believe are true based on the argument that you have made for a long time , sir , that we should leave troops in Iraq in perpetuity . " "  That is just not what this President believes , " Carney said . "  Obviously he was elected President to fulfill what he believed was right for our country and right for our national security . " McCain repeatedly cut him off and accused him of distortion . When Carney said he understood that McCain disagreed , the senator shot back : "  It is not a matter of disagreement . It is a matter of facts . And you have yours wrong and you have distorted . " Democratic candidates finding distance from Obama on ISIS Kerry : U.S. not at war with ISIS	Sen. McCain and former Obama spokesman clash on TV It was Jay Carney 's first night as a CNN analyst McCain repeatedly cuts Carney off and accuses him of lying "  I was right , " McCain declares
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Some state-run enterprises in China have opulent headquarters more suited to the court of Louis XIV of France , while other local government-owned buildings even replicate the home of the President of the United States . Clearly , in recent decades , money has been no object in the world 's second biggest economy . But Beijing 's bean counters , a more socially-aware bunch in recent times , have decided enough is enough and imposed a ban on the construction of new government buildings , according to state media . A yawning gap between rich and poor and a social media-led backlash against corruption and official excesses , has made the ruling Communist Party led by President Xi Jinping all too aware of the perils of continuing down such a corrosive path . Opinion : Corruption as China 's top priority And so the General Office of the Communist Party of China  CPC  Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a directive that calls for an across-the-board halt to the construction of new government buildings , training centers or hotels in the coming five years , the Xinhua news agency reported . The directive accuses some departments and localities of breaking building regulations when approving , and calls on all CPC and government bodies to be "  frugal and ensure that government funds and resources are spent on developing the economy and boosting the public 's well-being , " Xinhua said . Expensive and unnecessary renovations will also be prohibited , with only projects that "  erase safety risks " or "  restore office functions , " allowed . Ominously , the directive says officials who approve banned projects should be "  harshly punished . " Perhaps the best example of the type of extravagant constructions being targeted is in northeastern China , where the state-owned Harbin Pharmaceutical Group has its main offices . The remarkable complex is modeled on the Palace of Versailles outside Paris , France and features incredible ornate hallways with crystal chandeliers and gold paneling along the walls . Since coming to power late last year , President Xi has made corruption and excess his chief targets . In several speeches since he officially took over the reins of the Communist Party in November , he warned that corruption could lead to "  the collapse of the Party and the downfall of the state . " He has repeatedly urged officials to "  build a clean government , show self-discipline and restrain their relatives and associates . " According to Xinhua , the new building ban is an important part of "  building a more transparent government and strengthening ties between the CPC and the public . " "  In order to let the people live comfortably , the government has to tighten its belt and cut its own spending , " said Professor Wang Yukai from the Chinese Academy of Governance , in quotes carried by Xinhua .	China has imposed a five-year ban on the construction of new government buildings State-owned pharmaceutical company has HQ that rivals Palace of Versailles New directive part of Chinese government 's pledge to curb official excesses Corruptions and widening wealth gap is alienating much of the population
CNN  -- A pipeline that sends natural gas to Jordan was set on fire in the Egyptian Sinai town of El Arish on Saturday , and the suspected act of sabotage has forced its temporary closing , officials said . Ghaleb Al Maabreh , head of Jordan 's national electricity company , confirmed the closing . He said at least one week will be needed to fix it and the cost for the repair will be covered by Jordan . Al Maabreh said the government will start using alternative sources that will cost it $ 4.2 million daily . It is able to provide itself with energy sources for the coming three weeks , he added . Unless the pipe is repaired quickly , it could become a big problem for Jordan , a country already spending heavily in fuel subsidies , a Jordanian senior official said . As a precaution as it responds to the incident , Egypt 's gas company decided to stop pumping gas in the area altogether , including gas going to neighboring Israel . Israel has been getting supplies from a location 20 kilometers away from the damaged gas pipeline in El Arish . Israel is still getting natural gas from another source , and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who conferred with a Cabinet minister and security officials , said the country is prepared to immediately use alternative sources of energy supplies . Egyptian state-run Nile TV described the damaged line as "  one of the main gas pipelines " there . The state-run MENA news agency said it was a suspected terrorist attack . The governor of Sinai told Nile TV that the flames were under control and firefighters were working to extinguish the blaze . He called the fire a sabotage attempt However , it is not clear whether the incident is connected to the political unrest in Egypt or even the Palestinian territories . Hamas , the Palestinian movement that runs Gaza , issued a statement denied it had been involved in any attack on the station . On Friday , a government official told CNN a rocket-propelled grenade was fired at state security headquarters in El Arish . The official , who asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak about the incident , said the strike caused a fire but there were no casualties . CNN 's Guy Azriel contributed to this report	State television says it is "  one of the main gas pipelines " in El Arish Sinai 's governor says it was a sabotage attempt A rocket-propelled grenade was fired at state security headquarters in El Arish Friday
Oslo , Norway  CNN  -- The man accused of killing 77 people in a bomb-and-gun rampage in Norway last summer said his actions were justified to save the country from multicultural forces as he went on trial Monday . Anders Behring Breivik raised his arm in a fascist-style salute -- a symbol of "  strength , power and defiance against Marxist tyrants , " to quote the 1,500-page manifesto attributed to him -- as soon as his handcuffs were removed in court Monday . "  I acknowledge the acts but do not plead guilty , " he told the court . His trial on charges of voluntary homicide and committing acts of terror is expected to last up to 10 weeks . He is accused of setting off a bomb in central Oslo that killed eight people , then fatally shooting 69 people at a youth camp run by the ruling Labour Party on nearby Utoya Island . Dressed in a black suit and sporting a jawline beard , Breivik listened impassively as prosecutor Inga Bejer Engh read the charges , describing how dozens of young people were shot to death . Breivik says his rampage was meant to save Norway from being taken over by multicultural forces and to prevent ethnic cleansing of Norwegians , said his lawyer , Geir Lippestad . In his manifesto , Breivik railed against Muslim immigration and European liberalism , including the Labour Party , which he said was allowing the "  Islamification of Europe . " And in court , he called the trial political and objected to the judge 's friendship with a former justice minister . "  I do not recognize the Norwegian court . You 've gotten your mandate from political parties that support multiculturalism , " he said . "  OK , we will make a note of that general objection , " Judge Wenche Elizabeth Arntzen said curtly . Prosecutors played a recording of a terrified girl phoning for help during the shooting rampage , a recording punctuated by constant firing in the background . They also showed security camera video of the central Oslo bomb blast that killed eight people , images that participants in the trial watched with ashen faces . Breivik sat in court without restraints , behind a bulletproof glass barrier set up to protect him during the six hours of proceedings . Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg vowed to double down on Norway 's traditions of liberal democracy in response to the attacks , and Breivik 's trial appears to be no exception . "  He was so close to having a bullet between his eyes . The police were so close , " said Jorn Overby , who rescued some 15 people from the waters off Utoya during the massacre . But Overby told CNN that he owes Breivik only "  a punch in the face for firing at me . " "  He will get the treatment he needs , " Overby said . Experts have given different opinions about Breivik 's sanity , which will be a factor in determining what punishment he receives if convicted . Norway does not have the death penalty , and sentencing options could include imprisonment or confining him to a mental facility . But Breivik 's defense will try to prove he was sane at the time of the killings , Lippestad said Monday . Lippestad told reporters after the hearing that the defendant had his reasons , but would not disclose them . It is important to Breivik that he be considered sane , Lippestad said after the hearing . Prosecutors outlined Breivik 's life before the killings , showing a photo of the messy room where he lived at his mother 's house , listing his six failed businesses and referring to his many hours playing the online game "  World of Warcraft . " Prosecutors said he had "  no job , no salary , no money from the government " and was "  living off his savings . " The defendant smiled briefly when his "  Warcraft " character was shown , one of the few times he showed emotion on Monday . He also appeared to be overcome with emotion , fighting back tears , when part of his video manifesto "  Knights Templar 2083 " was played in court . Lippestad declined to say why Breivik wept , citing attorney-client privilege . But lawyers for the victims said : "  No one thought he was crying for the victims . " A survivor of Utoya Island , Tore Sinding Bekkedal , said he was surprised to experience "  a strange feeling of relief " when prosecutors switched from listing the names of the dead to those of the wounded . "  It was an intense gratitude , Bekkedal said during a break in the proceedings . "  It took me by surprise that I felt it , that these wonderful people are still among us , that we managed to save these ones at least . " Breivik is to begin testifying Tuesday , and asked Monday for his testimony to be broadcast , claiming it as a human right . Most of the relatives of the victims do not want that to happen , according to lawyers who represent the families of victims and survivors . "  It 's going to be 10 weeks of hell ... to hear this man , to hear his explanation of why he did it and how he did it , " said Trond Henry Blattmann , whose son was killed on Utoya Island . In November , prosecutors said psychiatrists had determined that Breivik was paranoid and schizophrenic at the time of the attacks and during 13 interviews experts conducted with him afterward . However , the court sought a second opinion because of the importance of the question of sanity to Breivik 's trial . In a report released this month , two court-appointed psychiatric experts said Breivik was sane at the time of the killings . The victims on Utoya Island were among 700 mostly young people attending a Labour Party camp , the same camp Stoltenberg said he had attended every summer since 1974 . "  I think that one of the main messages from Norway after the tragedy ... was that we were going to protect our democracy . And part of our democracy is the divisions of responsibilities between the government and the courts . It 's up to the courts to decide whether this man is going to be sentenced or not , whether he is insane or not . It 's not a question which is going to be decided by politicians . That 's part of our democratic society , " Stoltenberg said . Tore Bjorgo , a terror expert and professor at Norwegian Police University College , said Breivik appears to be overly concerned about his self-image and sees himself in the role of a "  fantastic , great person who will save Europe . " "  It 's we who should decide what kind of a society we want ; it 's not the terrorists , " he said . "  And the logic of terrorism is to try to provoke responses to get people to act in ways the terrorists want , and it was important that we did n't do that . We did n't go down that road , and that was , I think , a big victory . " CNN 's Per Nyberg and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : Survivor says he owes Breivik "  a punch in the face " Breivik 's lawyer says it is important to his client that he be seen as sane Prosecutors play a recording of a call for help during the shooting spree Breivik is accused of killing 77 people in a bomb and gun rampage
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The grooved , gray concrete wall rising from a few inches to a few feet seems to be solely for blocking the noise from the nearby highway , but like many parts of the new Pentagon memorial , there is more to the wall than meets the eye . Seven years after the September 11 attack on the Pentagon , the wall is designed to remind visitors of the youngest and oldest victims , wrapping the memorial in symbolic imagery . It stands 3 inches tall at its beginning , representing the youngest person killed there -- 3-year-old Dana Falkenberg -- and continues to a height of 71 inches , corresponding to the oldest victim , retired U.S. Navy Capt. John D. Yamnicky Sr. . Both were aboard American Airlines Flight 77 when terrorists hijacked the plane and smashed it into the Pentagon that day . Falkenberg died with her mother and father , Charles Falkenberg and Leslie Whittington , and her 8-year-old sister , Zoe . President Bush attended a solemn ceremony on the grounds Thursday , along with dignitaries and family members of those killed in the attack . See images of 9/11 " A flag was raised at half staff and the national anthem was played . The words on a big screen seemed to capture the moment : "  We will never forget . " "  The Pentagon memorial will stand as an everlasting tribute to 184 innocent souls who perished on these grounds , " Bush said . "  A memorial can never replace what those of you mourning a loved one have lost . We pray that you will find some comfort amid the peace of these grounds . We pray that you 'll find strength in knowing that our nation will always grieve with you . " Watch bagpipes play at the site " Donald Rumsfeld , who was defense secretary when the Pentagon was attacked , said , "  We will never forget the way this huge building shook . We will not forget our colleagues and friends who were taken from us and their families . And we will not forget what that deadly attack has meant for our nation . " The symbolism inside begins for visitors as they first step into the memorial . Watch as the Pentagon remembers 9/11 victims " As they enter the cenotaph , they pass over etched stone that reads , "  September 11 , 2001 -- 9:37 a.m. , " the exact moment of the attack on the Pentagon . The stone in which that infamous date is carved was recovered from the smoldering ruins of the Pentagon , still stained with the burn marks from the explosion and fire from Flight 77 slamming into the building . Across the memorial grounds , 184 bench-like structures , each one dedicated to a victim , are clustered in what seems like an uneven and unsettling array throughout the main grounds of the memorial . See the symbolism driving the memorial 's design " "  We 've tried to keep everything subtle to the extent that people can discover , " said Keith Kaseman , the memorial co-designer . Thomas Heidenberger stopped recently with his son , Tom , to pay tribute to his wife , Michelle , a senior flight attendant on Flight 77 . They wept as they sat on the bench honoring her . iReport : How are you observing 9/11 ? "  These were the first to die in this so-called war on terror , " Heidenberger said . "  Why should n't we not just remember the day , but remember their sacrifice , remember their lives ? " His son said the memorial was touching because it started with an artist 's rendition , but now is a reality and a fitting tribute to those who died . "  It looks great , " he said . "  I 'm very impressed . " The benches are laid out in a pattern according to the year each victim was born , from 1998 to 1930 . Some rows , called birth-year aisles , have just one seat , and some have three or more . All of the granite-covered benches , called memorial units , are oriented in the direction the plane hit the building , pointing east . Each unit rises smoothly from the ground in a gentle slope to form the bench . A small pool of water beneath each one gently gurgles , adding to the relaxing nature the designers intended . On the end of each unit , the name of the victim is inscribed in stainless steel . Family members who lost loved ones have already begun leaving flowers and notes at the benches . The names on the benches face east or west , depending on where the victims were when they died . If the victim was on the plane , visitors read the name as they look toward the western sky . If the person was inside the Pentagon , you read the name looking at the building , facing east . "  The idea that this place is just an invitation for your thoughts and your interpretations is what we see as persisting through time , and I think that 's what sets it apart to some extent , " Kaseman said . Just steps from the Pentagon complex , it is like many of the Washington memorials in that access is freely available 24 hours a day . But it stands in a different place from the more well-known monuments . Tucked away on a small patch of super-secure land between a busy highway and the nation 's military headquarters , the symbolism of a post-9 / 11 security environment is present . An iron fence surrounds the memorial , providing visitors with unintended symbolism . Just outside the fence , a Pentagon police guard shack is on one side , and a giant earthen berm -- designed to deflect bomb blasts from the Pentagon -- is on another . On a third side is a checkpoint with explosives-sniffing dogs and a secure road that leads to a Pentagon delivery facility away from the building . It is hard to imagine that a few years ago , this land was once just flat grass and the original location of the building 's helicopter port before the attack . It has taken seven years to build the memorial . But the time has not lessened the memories or the solemn nature of the location , feet from the impact site . A kind of peace is still present between the whirring traffic and the occasional low-flying military helicopter preparing to land at a helipad . Plantings and trees will eventually fill it in the young memorial , creating a more private and intimate setting ; and for those who lost family , friends and colleagues , the symbolism outside the memorial will be drowned out by the intimate symbolism inside . Thomas Heidenberger said those who lost loved ones in the New York attack still do n't have a memorial -- "  no place to go , have no closure . " He stressed the importance of such sites to families left behind . "  We have a place to go other than a burial plot or a vacant stone in a cemetery , " he said . "  The children who were born to 9/11 moms who do n't have a dad , they have a place to go . And the elderly now have a place to go visit their children , their loved ones . "	Pentagon unveils 9/11 memorial to honor the 184 victims killed there Benches are laid out in a pattern according to the year each victim was born Son visits site with dad to honor his mom : "  I 'm very impressed " Watch 9/11 memorials in New York and Washington on CNN.com Live
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An increase in the number of suicides among military personnel can be traced , in part , to a "  stressed and tired force " made vulnerable by multiple deployments , a military leader said Wednesday . Long troop deployments in Iraq , above , and Afghanistan have been cited in the rise in military suicides . "  We must find ways to relieve some of this stress , " said Gen. Peter W. Chiarelli , vice chief of staff of the Army , in testimony before the Senate Armed Services Military Personnel Subcommittee . "  I think it is the cumulative effect of deployments from 12 to 15 months , " he said , adding that the longer deployments are scheduled to continue until June . He cited long deployments , lengthy separations from family and the perceived stigma associated with seeking help as factors contributing to the suicides . Adm. Patrick M. Walsh , vice chief of naval operations , said suicides are the third leading cause of death in the Navy . "  We must eliminate the perceived stigma , shame and dishonor of asking for help , " he said . Gen. James F. Amos , assistant commandant of the Marine Corps , said his branch of the service has incorporated education and training about suicide prevention "  at all levels . " He said four of 55 mental health professionals deployed in the U.S. Central Command were recently embedded with Marines . He expressed optimism that that tactic would pay off , but he said he had no data to support his expectation . And Gen. William M. Fraser , vice chief of staff of the Air Force , said his branch , too , was taking steps "  to ensure airmen are as mentally prepared for deployment and redeployment as they are physically and professionally . " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , said the efforts have not sufficed . He noted that last year , for the first time , the suicide rate among military personnel has exceeded that of the civilian population . "  What 's going on ? " he asked rhetorically . The panel members made clear that , whatever is going on , it is complex . Chiarelli said the Army tallied 133 confirmed suicides last year and is still investigating another seven possible ones . At least 70 percent of the suicides had "  some kind of relationship problem , " he said . Often , the situation was worsened by something else , such as a financial or legal problem , he said . And it was n't just the trauma of war that appears to heighten the risk . The suicides were about evenly divided among those who had returned from deployment , those who were still deployed -- some on a third or fourth tour -- and those who had never been deployed , Chiarelli said . All of the military leaders said they had too few mental health professionals in their ranks . But Walsh said professionals are not the only people who must be trained to intervene , noting that it is often the shipmate or the battle buddy who seeks assistance for someone in need . And Navy counselors are now asking family members for feedback that often proves more illuminating than what the sailors themselves are willing to impart , he said . "  If I survey the family , I 'm going to get a different set of answers . " One reason some service personnel are reluctant to seek help from their chain of command is because they fear they will then be passed over for promotions , the panel members said . In some cases , they pay out of their own pockets to seek help privately , Rubenstein said . And others call civilian hotlines , one of which reported getting three calls per day this year from active-duty military personnel . Representatives of all of the branches of the military said they have seen recent increases in suicides . At the Pentagon , Defense Secretary William Gates said he believes the 15-month deployments "  were a real strain " on many , but expressed optimism that beneficial changes are in the works . "  All the services are are addressing this problem , but the Army in particular , I think , is really going after it in a very aggressive way , " he said . But some suicides appear to defy all prevention efforts . Maj. Gen. David A. Rubenstein , deputy surgeon general of the Army , cited the case of a 33-year-old soldier who was living at home with his wife and three children . He suffered a traumatic brain injury more than two years ago and had been giving weekly motivational speeches to other soldiers in a clinic . For the past two years , the soldier also had been seeing a psychiatrist . The most recent visit occurred last Friday . On Monday , he saw his primary care doctor and his nurse case manager , and also had a life-skills appointment . "  On Tuesday , he apparently committed suicide , " Rubenstein said . "  This soldier was treated , compliant and supported in every way , and yet he 's dead today . " The suicide underscores that suicide is "  a complex , very difficult problem that causes all of us to scratch our heads and wonder : how do we stop the next one ? " Last year , at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , two cadets and two members of the staff and faculty killed themselves , said Brig. Gen. Michael S. Linnington , commandant of the cadets . He cited stress from broken relationships and , in one case , a pre-existing mental health condition that academy officials had not known about at the time of admission . None of the four had been deployed to a combat zone . Linnington called the spate of self-directed violence at the school "  troubling and unacceptable " and said preventive measures there had been beefed up in recent months .	Army Gen. Peter W. Chiarelli : "  We must find ways to relieve some of this stress " Admiral says suicides are the third leading cause of death in the Navy "  Perceived stigma ... and dishonor of asking for help " is cited as part of problem Also blamed : Long deployments and lengthy separations from family
CNN  -- Get ready for some McBashing . The hamburger appears to be overtaking the filled baguette as France 's convenience food of choice . Burgers now make up just more than 45 % of all sandwiches sold in France , according to research from the French consulting firm Gira Conseil cited by the Telegraph . The research cites 2013 burger sales , which rose from a mere one in nine in 2000 . Moreover , three-quarters of traditional French restaurants now list "  le burger " on their menus ; in many cases burgers outsell more traditional meals such as steak frites . Consumption of the baguette itself , dispensed from countless corner boulangeries , also appears to be declining . It 's the portable variety filled with jambon , fromage and other items , however , that 's really beleaguered , figures show . On top of that , France is McDonald 's second largest market , after the United States . In 2012 , French fast food sales accounted for 54 % of the restaurant market , outstripping traditional sit-down restaurant meals for the first time . The ` long burger lunch ' The news is n't all bad news for French cuisine . The French do hamburgers differently -- with a more refined , gourmet touch -- according to a Paris correspondent for the Telegraph . Indeed , if you believe Natasha Edwards , resident in the capital for 20 years , le  gourmet  burger might almost find its place at a legendary three-hour French lunch , alongside a bottle or two of Bordeaux . The burgers "  young Parisian hipsters " are ordering are nothing like mass-produced McDonald 's fare , Edwards reports . She cites an $ 11.40  $ 15.50  offering from the Paris New York hamburger restaurant  50 rue du Fauburg St-Denis ; +33 1 47 70 15 24  made from rare-breed beef but using lesser cuts to keep the price down . A search reveals other offerings , such as Big Fernand 's  55 Rue du Faubourg Poissonnière ; +33 1 73 70 51 52  3,840 hamburger combinations with a choice of Charolais or Normandy beef , among other meats -- including veal -- for an average of around $ 18 . Elsewhere , fillings in the five burgers at La Maison Mère 's  French site only ; 4 Rue de Navarin ; +33 01 42 81 11 00  cost up to about $ 27 and include breaded cod and Black Angus steak  the "  Black Label "  . "  Parisians have officially gone burger bonkers , " as Time Out puts it . Shorter lunch breaks  from a luxurious hour and a half in 1975 to a rushed 30 minutes more commonly today , according to the Telegraph  appear to be one prosaic reason , but Edwards also cites "  the eternal French fascination with Americana . "	Burgers make up close to half of sandwiches sold in France Three-quarters of traditional French restaurants sell hamburgers The French burger is different , apparently -- more gourmet
InStyle.com  -- It takes a truly adventurous actress to pull off a razored Mohawk , a platinum pixie and a Louise Brooks bob , but we 'd expect nothing less from the ever provocative Selma Blair , who experimented with all three looks in under a year . Selma Blair says she works with hairstylists and makeup artists who "  have a vision . " "  I have no fears when it comes to my hair or clothes , " proclaims the 36-year-old star of NBC 's upcoming mom-and-daughter sitcom "  Kath and Kim " and July 's action flick "  Hellboy II : The Golden Army . " Makeup , however , is an entirely different matter for the self-declared "  poor applier , " who sticks with basics like nude lipstick and pink blush , and ducks whenever she sees a liquid liner . "  I avoid anything difficult , " she says . Blair 's signature look : "  A rosy cheek , a smudgy eye , a lot of mascara -- I look like a doll that has too much makeup on , and I love it ! " Have you always been a beauty chameleon ? In high school I would mess with my hair and makeup all the time . I used to wear a shirt that said "  Ms. Clairol " because I changed my hair color so much . I was blond for a long time , then what my mom called "  barnyard red . " Do you still dye it yourself ? Only when I have to cover up stray grays . And I 'll just use whatever color I find in the grocery store that looks good on the box , like Preference by L'Oréal -- because I 'm worth it -LSB- laughs -RSB- . But for my platinum hair , I went to Sheri at Román Salon in L.A. . She was a saint . I had just dyed my hair dark brown , so she had to very slowly strip out all the color so that my hair would n't burn off . And the cut -- are you keeping it short ? I tend to like my hair whatever way it 's not , so now I miss it being long . I think I 'm more approachable with long hair . When it 's short , I come across as being artsy and weird . What 's your typical makeup look ? I used to wear a lot of red lipstick , and when I got a pimple , I 'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark . But everything has changed since I hit 35 . I 'm at an age where any makeup that 's meant to look "  slept in " really looks like I slept in it . That 's for youngsters ! Now less is more . I do n't like to wear concealer or anything . I 'd rather have uneven skin than feel like my face is cracking from too much foundation . Then you must be serious about your skin care . I go to a spa in L.A. called Kinara for its Skin Care BootCamp . You go once a week for 12 sessions and they 'll look at your skin and tell you how to get it in better condition . They really helped me a lot . I also stay out of the sun . Any thoughts on Botox or plastic surgery ? I wanted to get Botox once to make me feel younger . But I do n't really have -LSB- enough wrinkles -RSB- to justify it yet . As for going under the knife , I ca n't say I would n't , but I have n't thought too much about it . Best beauty product ? Egyptian Magic cream is my saving grace for everything . It works for my friend 's baby 's bottom , and I can also use it instead of Chapstick . So what 's next ? I 'm really excited about having a perma-tan and wearing long highlighted hair extensions for my role on "  Kath and Kim . " And I 've been gaining weight for the part by eating a little bit more of what I want and not moving around as much . I 've already put on 15 pounds , and I 'll probably gain another 10 . It 'll be a whole new me ! Will this be your most drastic transformation ? Actually I wore huge prosthetic boobs for a John Waters movie . They were glued on every day by a really handsome guy , but ripping them off every night was definitely outside my realm of comfort . After those bosoms , I did n't mind being flat-chested anymore ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2008 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Actress Selma Blair wore huge prosthetic boobs for a John Waters movie She 's gained at least 15 pounds for her role on "  Kath and Kim " She considered Botox but says she does n't have enough wrinkles for it yet Blair experimented with three completely different looks in less than a year
Washington  CNN  -- Macy Friday ca n't remember what she was thinking when -- mouth agape , eyes bugged -- she shook hands with Hillary Clinton in Denver this week . It all happened so fast , she says . What she does remember is the national response to the photo of her reacting with pure , unadulterated excitement to meeting the former secretary of state . Media outlets pounced on the story . The Washington Post captured the reaction perfectly , writing that Macy had a "  look on her face that has never been witnessed by anyone who is not a dad chaperoning a minivan full of teenagers at a One Direction concert . " But why was Macy so excited ? What does she like about Hillary Clinton ? And who else would she react that way to meeting ? CNN spoke with Macy Friday over the phone Thursday . Here is our conversation : CNN : How did you get to meet Hillary Clinton ? Macy : I went to Union Station unsuspecting that she would come . I had seen her in the elections and I have heard a lot about her . I was just like , ` Wow . ' I was excited because , I thought , she was saying hi to a lot of people . I did n't think she was going to say hi to me . They went into a coffee shop and we were like , ` Oh no , they are going to leave . ' And then , she came out and she is like , ` Hey you . ' And I did n't know who she is talking to . And then I realized it was me and I went up and I turned back at my family .  long pause  I had never met anybody famous before .  long pause  I turned back at my family and I , like , I , you know , made the face . CNN : What did you think about all the attention your photo received ? Macy : Well , I love it . Because , well , it is not just because ... I think Hillary Clinton is a a really good role model for girls of all ages and it -LSB- the reason she liked the attention -RSB- is n't just because it got a lot of cool places . I am just happy because people know that a younger girl still looks up to somebody like that . CNN : What is it about Secretary Clinton that you look up to ? Macy : I like her because , like , she is running for president and a lot of people think that girls should n't be president because they are not as smart or they should n't have the same rights . And she is just a good role model for girls because , you know , she is just sort of , like , to everybody , ` Girls can be awesome , too . ' -LSB- Editor 's note : Clinton herself has said she has yet to make a decision on whether she will run for president . -RSB- CNN : You are 10 . When you were born , Hillary Clinton had been well known for 20 years . How much did you know about her when you met earlier this week ? Macy : I did n't know , too , too , too much . I knew that she was the first lady for a while . And her husband is Bill Clinton . And her daughter Chelsea just had a baby . And her niece 's name is Macy . And that is my name . And when I first went up to her , I said , ` Macy , ' and she said that is one of her favorite names . CNN : Who are some other famous people you would be as excited to see as you were with Secretary Clinton ? Macy : Oh gosh , well , Selena Gomez , Katy Perry , probably Michelle Obama and Barack Obama . Hmmm ... Taylor Swift . Did I already say Taylor Swift ? Probably One Direction . CNN : A local anchor in your hometown joked that you would be the first women president . Would you ever want to do that ? Macy : Maybe ! It is a really hard job . I think , I think , maybe . -LSB- Editor 's note : Macy will be eligible to run for president in 2040 . -RSB- CNN : Do you think you could do it ? Macy : Yeah ! CNN : If Hillary Clinton runs for president , what would your advice be to her ? Macy : I would say that even if you are different or you are a different gender , it does n't matter what you look like . I do n't know , like , if you wear glasses . Everybody can be awesome . CNN : If you could vote in 2016 , would you vote for Secretary Clinton ? Macy : Yes , totally . CNN : Thanks Macy ... Macy : Thank you . And one more thing : Make sure if Finn -LSB- her 12-year old brother -RSB- does give you the permission to use the photo , give him photo cred ! -- CNN did use the selfie that Finn took of his family and Clinton . And , yes , he did get the photo cred . Also , some question and answers were edited for clarity .	Macy Friday met Hillary Clinton this week and a photo of her priceless reaction went viral . Macy says meeting Hillary Clinton was like meeting Selena Gomez , Katy Perry , Taylor Swift and One Direction . Clinton , Macy says , shows everybody that "  Girls can be awesome , too " . "  She is running for president , " Macy says of Hillary Clinton .
CNN  -- The Web is set to change our lives dramatically over the next decade . This will also raise questions about the use of personal data and the need to balance new powers with ethics . Here are five ways you can expect the explosion in technology to impact you : 1  Artificial intelligence and ultra-smart software engines will be embedded everywhere . They will be largely invisible yet become indispensable for most Internet users , and will combine dozens of data streams harvested from our digital breadcrumbs . Read more : Le Web 's next ten years Mobile devices are the key to this empire and the convergence of TV and the Internet  known as Social TV  will add yet another dimension to this exponential trend : The TV will know who you are . Powerful , fast , totally customized and self-learning algorithms will feed off our personal data streams , giving us an ever-expanding and free choice of seemingly harmless anticipatory services  think Google Now x 100  . Prediction engines will be able to give a "  heads-up " on anything from weather , to stock market changes , to food warnings or even imminent relationship changes . Read more : Stuck in the digital transit zone For many of us , this will cross the border into creepiness . Imagine your mobile device recommending that you break your next date because of obvious incompatibility based on what "  the system " knows about you . AI will start to literally run our lives  as this Gartner report put it : Sync Me , See Me , Know Me , Be Me  . 2  Automation is likely do away with hundreds of millions of "  simple " jobs . It will replace cab drivers  no need , with self-driving cars  , check-out clerks  all done on mobiles  , data analysts , bank tellers , file clerks , delivery people and others . Smart software engines and networked cloud systems are likely to replace accountants and book-keepers , among others , while delivery drones will replace delivery drivers . Robots will become common in many households , such as for basic elderly care , but will remain far from human-like or even sentient for quite some time . Read more : Inventing machines for the future Reports such as the Oxford Martin School Future of Employment study have already predicted that nearly half of all U.S. jobs could eventually be automated away . Clearly , human-only tasks and right-brain skills will need to be much more emphasized in education , as well , and the concept of a minimum guaranteed income may seem a lot less futuristic fairly soon . We may get paid to just be creative . 3  Augmented reality and "  natural " human-computer interfaces will overtake traditional means of making queries . We are going from typing a request , to speaking , to gesturing to blinking to  scarily  thinking . Some may start to feel like they live inside a machine or that a machine lives inside of them . Humans are likely to become dependent on digital machines and what they do for us , simply because they will be so easy to use , so powerful , so addictive -- and because they make so much money for those who run them . Read more : The end of the World Wide Web ? This is not as dystopian as it may sound -- but there are ways to balance the trend . 4  Automated , real-time , mobile and accurate language translation will be with us within five years . Imagine speaking into your mobile device and having someone else receive the precise translation at almost the same moment , in a multitude of languages . Then , imagine all these conversations being recorded and added to your profile in your "  personal cloud . " This will dramatically change the nature of media and advertising . Kids may also question the use of learning languages . 5  Everything will be recorded , photo - and video-graphed , tracked and measured . Your car 's movements , your performance at work , your dietary habits , the meta-data of your communications will all be scanned . Read more : My year of living open source The explosive growth of the Internet of Things and the upcoming explosion of Internet access in devices that are wearable , embedded or implanted means we can expect this trend to be all-pervasive within the coming decade . Do we need to control this ? The most important consequence of such trends will be the reemergence of ethics as a key issue . Major challenges , such as personal data protection , privacy , human augmentation , "  digital obesity " and dependency on technology will be magnified exponentially . We will no longer ask if something is possible or doable but whether we should do it , where and when . I predict many of tomorrow 's leaders , thinkers , innovators , scientists and creatives will spend time and effort devising something like a "  global digital bill of rights and ethics . " Read more : After Snowden , we 're self-censoring The need for global agreements on these key issues will emerge as a direct response to the vastly accelerating abuse of personal data and the powerful AI that crunches it , giving those that control it almost irresistible powers . I predict even the most technology-friendly or social-network obsessed users will soon start to object to being instrumentalized in such a way . This will force governments and businesses towards creating a "  secure framework " for society . As with nuclear power , we will need to distinguish between what can be used for bona-fide purposes and what could be used for sinister purposes . The resulting digital data and AI ecoystem will need to become the global guideline , akin to a kind of "  artificial intelligence and automation non-proliferation agreement . " Technology does not have ethics -- but we should . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gerd Leonhard	The Web is set to change our lives in numerous ways , the use of artificial intelligence to language translation and more Futurist Gerd Leonhard says machines may eventually know us so well they will tell us when to break off a date Humans will become addicted to digital machines because they are so powerful and easy to use But that will create fears around privacy and lead to discussions on ethics and how we control the power
CNN  -- A 20-year-old Wisconsin man accused of attacking the mayor of Milwaukee with a metal pipe has been arrested , police said Sunday . Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett , seen in a file photo , was attacked Saturday night , police say . Mayor Tom Barrett was in stable condition Sunday at a Milwaukee-area hospital after he was attacked the night before at the Wisconsin State Fair in nearby West Allis , police said . Barrett was leaving the event with his family when he heard a woman crying for help , police said . When Barrett began calling 911 , the man who had been attacking the woman charged at him and began battering him with a metal pipe , police said . "  He not only risked serious injury but endured serious injury in order to defend somebody who was weaker than their assailant , " Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn told CNN Radio . Police arrested Anthony Peters in connection with the attack . Watch the mayor 's brother talk about what happened " West Allis Police Chief Michael Jungbluth said the attack on the woman stemmed from a domestic situation , when an intoxicated Peters wanted to see his 1-year-old daughter , and had threatened to shoot himself and others . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and CNN Radio 's Shelby Erdman and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	NEW : Police arrested Anthony Peters , 20 , in connection with the attack Police : Man beat Mayor Tom Barrett with metal pipe at state fair on Saturday Barrett heard a woman screaming and tried to help her , dialing 911 Man who had been beating the woman then started hitting Barrett , police say
EW.com  -- Kim Kardashian 's IMDB page experienced a sudden assault of truth grenades earlier today , resulting in an IMDB bio that looked just a little bit ... different . "  Kim Kardashian is emblematic of the shallowness of American culture in the first two decades of the new millennium , " read her official biography . "  While some cultural critics call her the prime avatar of the ` famous for being famous ' faux celebrity crowd , she along with Paris Hilton is a new breed of cat whose celebrity comes from the release of a sex tape and the canny exploitation of the resulting publicity . " Too many truth grenades ! My nose is bleeding ! The IMDB bio continued : "  For Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian , the release  accidental or not-so-accidental  of boudoir tapes did n't result in shame but celebration . America , like ancient Rome , seems to have shuffled off the moral coil of virtue of the Republic and is now enjoying its Imperial self in an orgy of ignominy . " The bio then noted various superstars who have derided Kardashian for her faux fame , including Daniel Craig and Jon Hamm , before concluding with a walloping pulpit-imploding rant , noting that Kardashian 's fame was kick-started by a sex tape , "  an apt metaphor for socio-economic-cultural malaise in Washington and the country beyond , where everything seems to be run by amoral prostitutes in bed with each other and merely out for a buck . " The bio has disappeared from IMDB , but Uproxx has a screenshot , where it 's credited to Jon C. Hopwood , a writer who has crafted over six hundred IMDB biographies . It 's unclear if the bio was actually written by Hopwood . But the rant does read like the typical aggressive pseudo-philosophical Rome-referencing post that overworked frustrated-narcissist bloggers tend to write about Kim Kardashian .  See example here . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	A new bio appeared on Kim Kardashian 's IMDB page It said , " "  Kim Kardashian is emblematic of the shallowness of American culture " The bio has disappeared from IMDB , but Uproxx has a screenshot
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Charging chesty women more for their bras does n't win a lot of support , British retailer Marks & Spencer acknowledged Friday as it announced an end to the surcharge on its larger lingerie . Marks & Spencer have apologised for charging chesty women more for bras . "  We boobed , " screamed a full-page Marks & Spencer ad , which appeared in British newspapers Friday . Marks & Spencer gave in to campaigners who argued that the higher prices of the bigger bras was unfair . The retailer charged as much as # 2  $ 3  more for all sizes DD and up . "  It 's true that our fantastic quality larger bras cost more money to make , and we felt it was right to reflect this in the prices we charged , " the ad said . "  Well , we were wrong . " It follows a nearly year-long campaign by members of the Facebook group Busts 4 Justice . The women behind the site argued other chain retailers did n't charge extra for bigger sizes , so Marks & Spencer should n't , either . And it pointed out that the store does n't charge extra for larger sizes of clothing , so it should n't charge more for larger undergarments . What 's your view ? "  We would like to thank everyone who has supported us on this issue ; especially the thousands of brilliant , busty women that have joined forces with us . We could n't have done this without you , " the two administrators of the group , Becky Mount and Beckie Williams , posted Friday on Facebook . "  Busts 4 Justice remain committed to making things better for busty women on the high street , but for now we 're happy just to be able to encourage all ladies to reward themselves and their boobs with some properly fitted , fairly priced lingerie . " Marks & Spencer is a stalwart British chain , known for classic wardrobe staples and low prices . Its underwear department is the first stop for many British shoppers and is especially famous for reliable basics . And to give customers an added lift , Marks & Spencer also announced it is cutting the prices of all of its bras by 25 percent for the rest of May . "  I think even though we all obviously held a bit of a grudge against buying our bras from M&S we should really be grateful they got rid of the surcharge and have given us the super generous 25 percent off , " Mount wrote on the group 's site Friday . "  They may get cleared out by the time the weekend is over ! "	Marks & Spencer is ending its surcharge on larger lingerie Retailer takes out adverts admitting "  we boobed " Campaigners argued that the higher prices of the bigger bras was unfair
Rio de Janeiro  CNN  -- A massive crowd of demonstrators swelled around an iconic church in the heart of Rio de Janeiro on Thursday , shouting "  down with corruption " and "  I can live without the World Cup . " CNN affiliate Band News reported that police used tear gas in some areas of the city as clashes erupted . Police initially reported tens of thousands of protesters in Rio de Janeiro but later said the crowds had grown to more than 300,000 people . One death was reported in Sao Paulo state , where a young man was run over by an SUV at an intersection during a demonstration , state police said . Outside the Candelaria Church , organizers called for protesters to march peacefully as they listed a wide variety of demands directed at the South American country 's government . In the nation 's capital , a group of protesters on Thursday twice forced their way into the foreign ministry building . Police repelled both incursions , but not before protesters lit a fire inside the building , state media reported . Large demonstrations in Rio de Janeiro , Sao Paulo and Brasilia came a day after a movement that started as a protest against a 9-cent increase in bus fares scored a major victory . Both Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro agreed to roll back the prices on bus and metro tickets . But will it be too little , too late ? The movement has galvanized people across the country who say they 're fed up with high taxes and a lack of services -- such as health and education -- while the government spends billions on preparations for the 2014 World Cup . In Rio de Janeiro on Thursday , protesters held signs saying , "  I 'd swap 10 stadiums for one decent hospital in this country " and "  I 'd give up the World Cup for better education in my country . " "  Fundamentally , people are on the streets because they have very different demands , but they do n't have a forum for expressing them and for being heard . And the bus fares were just one of these many many different things , " said Alessandra Orofino , one of the protest organizers . Orofino said she hoped this week 's protests will mark a turning point in Brazil , where democracy is still relatively young . "  I think that what government has n't understood is that there will be no single demand that will calm people down , per se . I think fundamentally , if they do n't open up , if they do n't become more transparent and truly welcoming of participation , people will continue to demonstrate , " Orofino said . "  It might be for now . It might be in the future , but this is n't going to go away until we have a democracy that works . " Whom does the World Cup benefit ? Protesters say the poorest are being short-changed while the government spends the large bills on new stadiums and glitzy infrastructure for the soccer competition Brazil is hosting next year and the Olympic Games coming in 2016 . They complain that corruption is driving up the costs . ` The man who made a nation cry ' The government responds The country 's investment in those projects includes money for health and public transportation , Deputy Sports Minister Luis Fernandes has said . "  There is absolutely nothing contradictory between organizing a World Cup and investing in health and education , " he said . An elite National Force , made up of specially trained firefighters and police officers , will deploy to states hosting the games , the Ministry of Justice said late Tuesday . The government has stressed that the force 's mission is to mediate and not repress . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff told peaceful protesters Tuesday that their message was being heard . She praised them as active participants in democracy and said her government is committed to "  social transformation . " Police for the most part stood back , and the atmosphere grew festive and loud , with throngs singing and beating drums . Hidden in the peaceful multitudes were bands of rowdies who kicked down doors and broke windows , looted shops and tipped over cars and set them on fire . They left a trail of rubble down the protest routes . While asking police to back off from peaceful protesters , Rousseff has condemned "  isolated and minor acts of violence , " telling police to confront them "  with vigor . " In light of the protests , the Brazilian president has postponed a trip to Japan , the state-run Agencia Brasil news agency reported Thursday . Rousseff had been scheduled to travel to Japan on June 23-28 , the government news agency reported , citing the president 's communications secretary . A new date for the trip has not been announced , Agencia Brasil said . Weeks of protests For nearly two weeks , tens of thousands of Brazilians marched through the streets night after night . Crowds originally protesting bus fares grew into multitudes decrying social injustice on Tuesday , as broad avenues filled to capacity for blocks . The protests come amid the soccer Confederations Cup tournament , a friendly array of matches , in which the host country , Brazil , plays against a small group of national teams from around the globe . The cup serves as a precursor to the World Cup . The majority of marchers are young and well-educated . Matheus Pires , a university student and one of the organizers , says public transportation should be free -- especially in expensive , sprawling cities such as Sao Paulo . "  You ca n't go to hospital ; you ca n't see your friends ; you ca n't go to school ; you ca n't go to work , " he said , describing how much the city 's residents rely on mass transit . Lowering fares , he said , would prove that the government was listening . But it 's too soon to know whether it will bring an end to protests or fuel further and more far-reaching demands . Are you there ? Share photos or video , but stay safe Brazil wins Confederations Cup opener CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto reported from Rio de Janeiro . CNN 's Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Gabriela Matute Urdaneta , Mariano Castillo , Michael Pearson and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : One death is reported in Sao Paulo state Demonstrators list a variety of demands directed at Brazil 's government They chant "  Down with corruption " and "  I can live without the World Cup " Brazil 's president has postponed a trip to Japan in light of the protests
CNN  -- Facebook really wants to know what you look like . The social network this week acquired Face.com , a face-recognition technology company whose Facebook and mobile apps can identify people 's faces in photos . One of Face.com 's apps , KLIK , aims to identify Facebook friends ' faces on mobile-phone photos as they 're taken . "  Fire up KLIK and watch as your friends ' names instantly appear next to their faces before or after you snap a photo , " the company says on its iTunes page for the app . "  If KLIK does n't recognize a face use the new ` Learn ' mode to train and improve recognition . " Another app , PhotoTagger , works with Facebook to "  auto-tag " faces in photo albums . It 's unclear exactly how Facebook plans to incorporate the technology and employees of Face.com , which it purchased for between $ 55 million and $ 100 million , according to news reports .  The exact terms of the deal have n't been disclosed . But Mike Isaac , a blogger at All Things D , says it 's likely that Facebook wants to use the company 's mobile experience to improve the face-detection technology on its smartphone and tablet apps . "  Currently , Facebook 's tagging suggestion feature does not work for mobile devices as well as it does on desktops , so it 's possible that Face.com could make it faster for mobile users to tag from their mobile uploads with less friction , " he writes . "  And that timing makes sense , considering that Facebook just recently launched Camera , a standalone photo app that makes it even easier for users to snap and upload photos to Facebook without going through the cumbersome -- and , frankly , rather clunky and slow -- iOS and Android applications . " In a post on the company 's blog , Face.com CEO Gil Hirsch also indicates its products could help boost Facebook 's mobile offerings . "  We love building products , and like our friends at Facebook , we think that mobile is a critical part of people 's lives as they both create and consume content , and share content with their social graph , " he writes . "  By working with Facebook directly , and joining their team , we 'll have more opportunities to build amazing products that will be employed by consumers -- that 's all we 've ever wanted to do . " Facebook issued the following statement to CNN in an e-mail : "  People who use Facebook enjoy sharing photos and memories with their friends , and Face.com 's technology has helped to provide the best photo experience . This transaction simply brings a world-class team and a long-time technology vendor in house . " A company spokeswoman declined to comment further because the Face.com deal has not been closed . All of this is important because Facebook is the most popular place on the Internet for photo sharing . According to the Silicon Valley-based company , people upload an average of 300 million photos to Facebook every day . That 's nearly one for every person in the United States . Facebook already employs face-detection technology to help  some might say prod  users to identify themselves and their friends in the photos they upload to the site . When friends tag each other in photos , they make it more likely that other people on the network will see the pictures . But , for some Facebook users , the existing face-detection feature is either unwanted or unworkable . "  I try to time and time again  to use the feature  , but Facebook always manages to claim I 'm someone I 'm not . The detection technology is n't quite there , " wrote one Twitter user , @DanieljGross . In response to @cnntech 's query on the subject , another person wrote that Facebook 's auto-tagging feature confuses their friends for their siblings . "  It 's a bit scary to be honest , " wrote another Twitter user , @earthtonadia . Facebook gives users the option to turn off face detection . To do so , go to your privacy settings  click the arrow at the top right of the homepage to get there  and then edit your "  Timeline and Tagging " settings . At the bottom of the list , Facebook asks , "  Who sees tag suggestions when photos that look like you are uploaded ? " Change that setting to "  No One " if you do n't want to have your face detected . Users also can choose to review the photos they 're tagged in before the tags show up on Facebook . Or , if you want to get funky , you could always wear bizzaro hats and makeup that prevent face-detection technology from working . For more on that , read about this project from CV Dazzle .	Facebook buys face-recognition site Face.com The company makes apps that identify friends ' faces in photos Facebook already has a face-recognition feature on its site But Face.com 's technology could improve mobile face recognition for Facebook
CNN  -- The peculiar standoff on Borneo between Malaysian security forces and a group of men from the southern Philippines has its roots in a recent landmark peace deal between Manila and Muslim rebels , according to an expert on the region . More than 100 men from the mainly Muslim southern Philippines came ashore in the Malaysian state of Sabah on Borneo early last week demanding to be recognized as representatives of a sultanate that has historical claims on the area . Their claims touch on an unresolved territorial question between the Philippines and Malaysia , as well as Manila 's efforts to improve relations with Islamic insurgents in the country 's south after decades of violence . Malaysian police and armed forces soon surrounded the village in the eastern Sabah district of Lahad Datu where the men had gathered . Police officials said they were negotiating with the group in an effort to persuade its members to return to their homes in the Philippines peacefully . The Philippine government also urged them to come back to the country , saying it had n't authorized their voyage . There was no indication of a resolution to the standoff on Monday . The men claim to be the Royal Army of the Sultanate of Sulu , which once encompassed Sabah , and say they do n't want their people to be sent away from the area , Malaysian authorities said . There are conflicting claims about to what extent the men are armed . Eroded power Over the weekend , comments appeared in the news media from representatives of the sultanate , whose power is now largely symbolic , saying that their followers who had gone to Sabah planned to stay where they were . "  Nobody will be sent to the Philippines . Sabah is our home , " Jamalul Kiram , a member of the sultanate 's ruling family , told reporters in Manila on Sunday , according to Agence France-Presse . The sultanate 's claim to Sabah plays a long-standing and important role in the Philippine government 's relationship with the country 's Muslim minority and with neighboring Malaysia , said Julkipli Wadi , the dean of the Institute of Islamic Studies at the University of the Philippines . Established in the 15th century , the Sultanate of Sulu became an Islamic power center in Southeast Asia that at one point ruled Sabah . But the encroachment of Western colonial powers , followed by the emergence of the Philippines and Malaysia as independent nation states , steadily eroded the sultanate 's power , according to Wadi . It became "  a sultanate without a kingdom " to rule over , he said . Sulu is now a province within the Republic of the Philippines . But the sultanate has nonetheless retained influence over some people in the southern Philippines and Sabah who still identify themselves with it , according to Wadi . Excluded from a peace deal The members of the sultanate 's royal family , although riven by internal disputes over who the rightful sultan is today , appear to have felt isolated by the provisional accord signed in October by the Philippine government and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , which has fought for decades to establish an independent Islamic state in southern Philippines . Malaysia , a mainly Muslim country , helped facilitate the agreement . Kiram was cited by AFP as saying that the sultanate 's exclusion from the deal , which aims to set up a new autonomous region to be administered by Muslims , prompted the decision to send the men to Sabah this month . Dispatching the boat loads of followers to Lahad Datu served to make the sultanate 's presence felt , according to Wadi . "  The whole aim is not to create conflict or initiate war , it is just to position themselves and make governments like Malaysia and the Philippines recognize them , " he said . Historical ties The economic , cultural and historical links between Sabah and the nearby Philippines islands , as well as the porous nature of the border between the two , means that many of the Filipino men have friends and relatives in Lahad Datu . But the historical connection still fuels tensions between Malaysia and the Philippines , with Manila retaining a "  dormant claim " to Sabah through the Sultanate of Sulu , according to the CIA World Factbook . According to the official Philippine News Agency , Manila still claims much of the eastern part of Sabah , which was leased to the British North Borneo Company in 1878 by the Sultanate of Sulu . In 1963 , Britain transferred Sabah to Malaysia , a move that the sultanate claimed was a breach of the 1878 deal . Malaysia still pays a token rent to the sultanate for the lease of Sabah , according to Wadi .	More than 100 Filipinos arrived by boat on the Malaysian coast last week They say they represent a sultanate that once ruled the area The move seems to be a response to a recent peace deal in the Philippines The leaders of the sultanate appear to have felt left out of the accord , an expert says
CNN  -- In the social media age , you do n't need to be at a party to enjoy clever or catty comments about the Super Bowl . Twitter was ablaze Sunday evening with running commentary about every conceivable aspect of Super Bowl XLVI , from Patriots ' tight end Rob Gronkowski 's balky ankle to Madonna 's acrobatic halftime show to all those commercials .  Yes , Clint Eastwood 's gravelly voice is bringing Detroit back . And was that really Motley Crue shilling for Kia ? Users were sending an average of 8,000 tweets per second during Madonna 's "  world peace " - themed performance and an average of 10,000 tweets per second during the game 's dramatic final three minutes , according to Twitter . CNNMoney : Chrysler is king These were n't the most informative tweets about Sunday 's big game , but they were among the funniest . Here , in chronological order , are 20 of our favorites : Faux John Madden -- Tough break for Papa Johns . . If the coin toss is heads , they will give free pizzas to America . If it 's tails , they have to feed Khloe Kardashian . Zach Broussard -- If the world ends and the only survivors are guys talking about Chevy trucks , I 'd rather die . #Superbowl The Sklar Brothers -- That 's so cool they let Elton John wear his own wardrobe in that Pepsi spot Onion Sports Network -- Patriot sources reporting Danny Woodhead to spend game in Rob Gronkowski 's sock to provide extra ankle support #SuperBowl Patton Oswalt -- Just heard Madonna will do a parody version of @alyankovic 's "  Like a Surgeon " during halftime show . The Sklar Brothers -- That 's the first time Madonna 's used a Trojan correctly #SuperBowl Vevo -- All testosterone has left the stadium . #SuperBowl #Halftime Ana Maria Cox -- Does anyone know where Tebow was during "  Like a Prayer " ? Paul Sanders -- Just glad to see that someone is finally willing to take a stand in favor of world peace . #halftime Darden Rice -- I guess that means be ready for Lady Gaga at the Superbowl show in 2032 Andy Borowitz -- BREAKING : NFL Sets Next Year 's Halftime Show Starring Dame Judi Dench Connie Schultz -- To Madonna 's critics : Post a video of yourself doing cartwheels in 5-inch heels , then we 'll talk . Mo Rocca -- Somebody give Clint Eastwood a lozenge ! Jenna Jakowatz -- hey should take off #tombrady 's shirt to check that shoulder . It could be serious . The Sklar Brothers -- How can you not take Danica Patrick seriously as a race car driver at this point . #godaddy Adrian Chen -- Who 's watching the new episode of Downton Abbey right now ? Expect a knock on the door . You 're getting deported . TheFakeESPN -- Giants receivers are on the sideline reapplying Tyree stickum to the top of their helmets . Steve Martin -- Wow ! What a game . Two minutes left . Headin ' off to bed . Will get results in the morning . Onion Sports Network -- BREAKING : Super Bowl Ends As NBC Runs Out Of Commercials To Air Rainn Wilson -- All those Patriots Superbowl XLVI CHAMPIONS hats & shirts are already on their way to the Congo .	Social media age means anyone can make catty comments about the Super Bowl Here are 20 of our favorites about the game , the commercials and Madonna Among the funniest are actor/comedians Patton Oswalt , Steve Martin and Rainn Wilson
CNN  -- The investigation into the controversial shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown by a police officer in a St. Louis suburb has been completed , the St. Louis County prosecutor 's office said Wednesday . Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old in the middle of the day on August 9 after telling Brown and a friend to get out of the street . Authorities could have charged Wilson themselves by filing a criminal complaint , but St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch instead opted to present the case to a grand jury to decide whether to indict the officer . Ferguson mayor : Our eyes opened to racial problems "  The investigation has been basically completed that is being conducted by both the FBI and St. Louis County PD , " Ed Magee , the spokesman for the prosecutor 's office , told CNN . A grand jury is expected to decide by mid-November whether Wilson will be charged criminally for the shooting , which sparked weeks of unrest on the streets of Ferguson and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . The white police officer 's shooting of the black teenager was heavily debated throughout the nation . The grand jury , which began meeting in August , is expected to consider whether a crime was committed and if "  probable cause " exist that Wilson committed that crime . Some witnesses have said Brown assaulted the officer at the outset and tried to grab his gun . Others fingered Wilson as the aggressor . A private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed that Brown had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . Last month , two contractors doing construction work in Ferguson on the day Brown was killed , describe the teenager with his hands up in the air as he was gunned down . The men , who asked not to be identified after CNN contacted them , said they were about 50 feet away from Wilson when he opened fire . A video captured their reactions during the moments just after the shooting . "  He had his f ** n hands up , " one of the men said in the video . The men said they did n't see how the confrontation started . Dueling narratives in Michael Brown shooting Feds scrutinizing shooting , police department Federal officials are conducting two civil rights investigations -- one into Brown 's killing and the other into Ferguson Police Department 's overall track record with minorities . One investigation will review the shooting by Wilson , a 28-year-old officer with six years of experience , including four in Ferguson . A civil rights violation would require that Wilson had shown "  racial hostility " against Brown in the shooting , legal analysts have said . The U.S. Justice Department also announced a second inquiry to examine accusations that the police department as a whole practiced racial profiling and heavy-handed tactics . The shooting ignited angry protests and instances of looting on the streets of Ferguson . Community leaders criticized what they said was an excessive show of force by police to the demonstrations . Local officials have failed to soothe public outrage . Last week , even after apologizing for his department 's actions following the shooting , Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson , insisted that he 's not stepping down . "  This is mine , " he told CNN . "  I 'm taking ownership of it . " Jackson acknowledged that he 's heard calls for his ouster but that does n't mean he 'll answer them . "  I 've talked to a lot of people who have initially called for that and then changed their mind after having meetings and discussions about moving forward , " Jackson said . "  Realistically , I 'm going to stay here and see this through . " An apology , with continued unrest The Brown shooting stirred complaints of widespread racial profiling in Ferguson , which Jackson has rejected . "  It 's never been the intention of the Ferguson police department -- or any police department that I know -- to intentionally target individuals because of race , " the chief said . "  If there is that happening , it 's a crime and it needs to be addressed . " Jackson released a video apology to Brown 's parents and the peaceful demonstrators who took to Ferguson 's streets to protest the young man 's death . In that video , the chief expressed regret that it took investigating officers four hours to remove Brown 's body from the street after he was shot dead . The St. Louis suburb of 21,000 erupted again last week after one of three Brown memorials at the site of the shooting burned . While many peaceful protesters took to the street September 23 , violent elements within the demonstration stoked chaos , attacking police with guns , rocks and bottles and vandalizing and looting businesses , Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson said . One person threw a Molotov cocktail at a parking structure , and there was an attempt to set a gasoline fire at a custard shop , he said . Two officers were injured , one of whom was struck by a rock below the eye , Johnson said . The City Council has recently taken up measures to reform court procedures and the way the city handles certain fines . The council is also considering a citizen review board to monitor the police department . Complete coverage of Brown shooting and protests CNN 's Sara Sidner in Ferguson contributed to this report .	Investigation into police shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown is complete , prosecutor 's office says Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson shot and killed the 18-year-old on August 9 A grand jury is expected to decide by the middle of next month whether Wilson will be charged
CNN  -- Texas authorities on Sunday were searching for a convicted burglar who escaped from a medical facility by rappelling off the building using a string of bedsheets , officials said . Joshua Duane Barnes , 21 , was serving 35 years in prison for several convictions , including two escape charges . Joshua Duane Barnes , 21 , was last seen at 8:15 p.m. Saturday on the seventh floor of a Texas Department of Criminal Justice medical facility in Galveston , Texas , said TDCJ spokesman Jason Clark . Fifteen minutes later , Barnes was gone , Clark told CNN . Security officers noticed there was a hole in the wall and a vent had been removed . According to Clark , Barnes busted a hole through a wall in his room and then broke through a thick window . He apparently tied bedsheets together , rappelled down the side of the building to a roof , and then jumped to the ground , Clark said . Barnes was serving 35 years in prison for several felony convictions , including seven burglary charges , two escape charges and an aggravated assault charge in the Texas Panhandle area , according to a TDCJ press release . The inmate was being housed at a prison in Midway , Texas . He was transported to the medical facility in Galveston last week after being hurt in an altercation , TDCJ said . The department of criminal justice has tracking dogs and dozens of officers searching the area , Clark said . Local police officers also joined the search . Barnes began serving his sentence in January . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Joshua Duane Barnes , 21 , was last seen on 7th floor at Texas medical facility He apparently tied bedsheets together and exited window , police official says Department of criminal justice has tracking dogs , officers searching the area
CNN  -- Arizona Rep. Gabrielle Giffords announced she will resign from Congress this week -- but not before finishing her "  Congress On Your Corner " event that was interrupted by the shooting rampage that left six people dead and Giffords with a gunshot wound to her head . At the private gathering Monday , Giffords will meet with some of the people who were at the event last year , including some who aided injured people and some who subdued the gunman , according to a statement from her office . "  A lot has happened over the past year . We can not change that , " Giffords , 41 , says in a video on her website , speaking in a halting manner . She said she will resign to continue her recuperation from the brain injury she suffered when she was shot on January 8 , 2011 . "  I do n't remember much from that horrible day , but I will never forget the trust you placed in me to be your voice , " Giffords continues . "  Thank you for your prayers and for giving me time to recover . I have more work to do on my recovery . So to do what is best for Arizona , I will step down this week . " Giffords , a Democrat , will submit a letter of resignation during the week to House Speaker John Boehner and Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer . Brewer told reporters Sunday that within 72 hours of receiving that resignation , she expects to call a primary election sometime in April for political parties to pick their candidates for the state 's 8th congressional district seat . That would be followed by a general election -- likely in June , according to the governor . The winner will head to Congress for the rest of Giffords ' term , which ends in January 2013 . "  Her recovery has been nothing less than a miracle , " said Brewer , noting she spoke with Giffords ' husband Mark Kelly earlier Sunday about the decision . "  Who knows what 's going to happen in the next two years . I do n't believe we 've seen the last of Gabby Giffords . " Before she steps down , Giffords will attend the State of the Union address Tuesday in Washington , her office said in a statement . Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida , the Democratic National Committee chair , told CNN that Giffords -- a close friend -- came to the conclusion that she could n't devote her full energies to both her job and her recovery . The congressman 's recent return to Tucson for the one-year anniversary of the shooting showed her "  how challenging it would be . It came into focus then , " her friend said . "  This decision is really quintessential Gabby Giffords , " Wasserman Schultz added . "  She needed to step aside for herself , so that her constituents could get full-time representation . She cares about them so much , that was her number one priority -- taking care of them . " President Barack Obama was effusive in his praise for the congresswoman , saying Giffords "  embodies the very best of what public service should be . " He added that her "  cheerful presence will be missed in Washington  and  she will remain an inspiration to all whose lives she touched -- myself included . " "  Over the last year , Gabby and her husband Mark have taught us the true meaning of hope in the face of despair , determination in the face of terrible odds , and now -- even after she 's come so far -- Gabby shows us what it means to be selfless as well , " Obama said in a statement . Boehner , an Ohio Republican , said that Giffords "  will be missed . " And Brewer , the Arizona governor , lauded Giffords as a "  noble public servant ... and a model of what can be accomplished with persistence and determination . " House Democratic leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi , D-California , called Giffords a "  bright star " whose "  message of bipartisanship and civility is one that all in Washington and the nation should honor and emulate . " "  Her legacy in the Congress and her leadership for our nation will certainly continue , " Pelosi said in a statement . In her website video posted Sunday , Giffords says her public service career has not ended . "  I will return , and we will work together for Arizona and this great country , " she says . Earlier this month , Giffords joined thousands for a vigil in Tucson , one of several emotional events over the weekend to mark one year since the shootings . In addition to those killed , 13 people were injured in the shooting . Prosecutors accuse Jared Lee Loughner , 23 , of carrying out the attack , which purportedly targeted Giffords during the constituent meet-and-greet event outside a supermarket . Giffords is still recovering from her injuries , and her right side remains weak . She has made few public appearances since the incident with some rare exceptions , such as casting a vote in Congress to raise the federal debt ceiling and conducting an interview with ABC 's Diane Sawyer . She has been undergoing intensive rehabilitation in Houston , Texas , but returned to Tucson several times , according to her office . Pia Carusone , the congresswoman 's chief of staff , said recently that Giffords had steadily increased her workload as her condition improved . "  As the year wore on , we were able to plug the congresswoman in more , " Carusone said . "  Now we talk regularly over video chats and telephone . She 's gotten more and more involved the better she gets . " Still , Wasserman Schultz said Sunday night that Giffords now realizes that "  her recovery now is more likely to stretch into years , rather than months . " "  I know she 's coming back ; she wants to come back to public service , " the Florida congresswoman said , adding that Giffords is stepping down thinking "  it 's better to focus on coming 100 % back . " Loughner , the man accused of targeting her last year outside a Tucson supermarket , potentially faces the death penalty if convicted on charges of murdering six people -- including the chief federal judge of Arizona , John Roll . Loughner has been diagnosed as schizophrenic and has spent time on suicide watch while in custody and is undergoing treatment in Springfield , Missouri . A federal appeals court in May cleared the way for him to be forcibly medicated over the objections of Loughner and his attorney . Giffords herself worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers and as CEO of El Campo Tire , her family 's business , before being elected to the Arizona House of Representatives in 2000 . Two years later , she became the youngest woman elected to the Arizona state senate . She won a November 2006 election to earn her spot in the U.S. Congress , then captured two other terms . Kelly , her husband , is a retired Navy captain and astronaut . A flood of people posted comments on Giffords ' Facebook page Sunday under her video -- praising the congresswoman for her courage , voicing their continued support and expressing hope that she 'll one day return to public office . One person wrote , "  I am so thankful you are taking care of you . We can wait . " Another commenter called Giffords an "  inspiration " and a "  great example . " "  It 's so sad to see you leave but I know we 'll see you back soon . Be well . You are loved , " he wrote . CNN 's Tom Cohen and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Giffords will finish the "  Congress on Your Corner " event she started before she was shot Giffords announces she will resign in a video on her website She was shot in the head on January 8 , 2011 , in a rampage that left 6 dead Gov. Brewer says she expects the general election for Giffords ' seat will be in June
London  CNN  Can anybody stop Real Madrid , on the football pitch and off it ? For the 10th year running , European champion Real Madrid is the world 's richest club in the annual Football Money League published by accountants Deloitte , with a revenue of $ 639 million . Money clearly talks in European football with the combined revenues of the top 20 clubs in the rich list rising by a staggering 14 % over the last year to $ 7 billion . All of the top five clubs for the 2013-14 financial year saw their revenue surpass the $ 500-million mark for the first time on a list dominated by the English Premier League , home to five of this year 's top 10 and eight of the 20-strong list . As a result of the latest Premier League broadcast rights deal , all of its teams have made it into the world 's top 40 highest-earning clubs . This year is the 18th running of Deloitte 's Money League , which has been dominated by Real for a decade , although Manchester United catapulted past both Barcelona  $ 563.5 million  and Bayern Munich  $ 566.8 million  to move into second place with revenues of $ 602.3 million , a hike in revenue of some $ 110 million . United has been below par on the pitch in recent times , under former manager David Moyes and his successor Louis van Gaal , but figures show an 83 % growth in commercial revenue over the last three years . That said , United is expected to slide in next year 's Money League having missed out on Champions League revenues in this current season . Of the clubs on the list only United 's "  noisy neighbors " Manchester City -- as Alex Ferguson once described them -- enjoyed a greater spike in year-on-year revenue , with a $ 114 million rise from 2012-13 to cement their place in sixth on the list . "  The growth experienced within the top 20 has been remarkable , " said Dan Jones , partner in the Sports Business Group at Deloitte . "  Commercial and broadcast revenues are now more important than ever to clubs to enable them to compete financially and put the best talent on the pitch . "  This has led to further dominance from the ` big five ' European leagues -- England , Germany , Spain , Italy and France -- this year , with just Turkey 's Galatasaray making it in from outside of those countries . "  Winning the Champions League for an unprecedented 10th time and staying at the top of the Money League made 2013-14 the year of the ` Doble Décima ' for Real Madrid . "  The club 's continued success on the field is complemented by its financial strength and their accomplishment emphasizes their position as the most successful European club side of all time . However , their commercial supremacy is being challenged by Manchester United among others . " Barcelona 's revenue plateaued last year , seeing them drop from second spot behind arch-rival Real to fourth below Manchester United and Bayern . Paris Saint-Germain completes the top five while Juventus , in 10th , is the only side from Italy 's Serie A to make the top 10 , with Premier League sides Chelsea , Arsenal and Liverpool rounding off the top clubs in seventh , eighth and ninth respectively in revenue terms . Deloitte Football Money League 2014  2013 revenue figures in brackets 1 : Real Madrid : $ 639m  $ 602.7 m 2 : Man Utd : $ 602.3 m  $ 492.3 m 3 : Bayern Munich : $ 566.8 m  $ 500.1 m 4 : Barcelona : $ 563.5 m  $ 560.5 m 5 : Paris Saint Germain : $ 551.5 m  $ 463.2 m 6 : Manchester City : $ 481.9 m  $ 367.2 m 7 : Chelsea : $ 451.1 m  $ 352.4 m 8 : Arsenal : $ 417.9 m  $ 330.2 m 9 : Liverpool : $ 355.8 m  $ 279.5 m 10 : Juventus : $ 325m  $ 316.4 m	Real Madrid tops Deloitte 's annual Money League for the club with the highest revenue Manchester United surpasses Barcelona and Bayern Munich to move into second spot List is dominated by English football with all 20 Premier League clubs in the world 's top 40
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Making great wine is like making a great film , according to director Francis Ford Coppola -- it 's defying the impossible . During his 70 years , he has done both . Francis Ford Coppola is the movie-making talent behind some of the greatest films ever made -- he is also a successful winemaker . Coppola is the filmmaking talent behind some of the most highly-regarded films ever made -- "  The Godfather , " "  The Conversation , " "  Apocalypse Now " -- a fact his stash of five Academy Awards attests to . "  He 's able to infuse a certain reality into the films that he 's doing , " director and long-time collaborator , George Lucas told CNN . "  Human touches that take -LSB- them -RSB- beyond just a cardboard cut-out movie . " He is also a cut above the rest as a winemaker . At his vineyard in California 's verdant winegrowing region Napa Valley , the Italian-American has established a reputation as an outstanding vintner -- albeit accidentally . "  As a six-year-old , my father drank wine at the table and the uncles and grandparents , they all drank wine and even the kids were given a little wine . It was just one of the good things of life like food , " said Coppola . "  I never thought it could be a business . " But , 25 years after stumbling upon his vineyard  now known as the Rubicon Valley Winery  during the search for a family summer home , the wine business has become a lucrative day job for Coppola . With a bottle of Rubicon ' 79 , his sought-after first vintage , selling for $ 200 , Coppola realized he could use the profits to self-fund feature films . "  I said , ` Maybe I 'm wealthy enough that I could finance my own little films , ' " Coppola told CNN in the garden of his refurbished Victorian estate mansion . Watch CNN Revealed : Francis Ford Coppola " His latest "  little film , " "  Tetro , " starring Vincent Gallo , is a family drama that tells the story of a man who goes to Buenos Aires to find his long-disappeared poet brother . When he finds him , they try to come to terms with the rivalry that has driven their successful , creative family apart . It is clearly very autobiographical : Francis ' father , Carmine , was a composer and many members of his family throughout the generations are well-known actors , directors and musicians . Francis Ford Coppola 's Hollywood Family Tree " "  You know , some of the stuff in the movie is not untrue . The family always had these siblings in the same field ... there was a lot of rivalry . " According to Coppola , it 's a film that would never have been made if he had needed a big budget or funding from a studio . "  If you 're making a film that will open all over the world then it has to appeal to the common denominator of all those people . "  Unless you put the money up yourself , you ca n't do what you want , and that 's why I always end up doing it . It just seems so much easier than to have to beg someone to make your film . " Coppola has ample experience of studio-controlled filmmaking . He spent much of the 1990s working as a hired gun on films like "  Bram Stoker 's Dracula " and "  The Rainmaker . " Coppola started his career making low budget films as the protege of "  King of the Bs " Roger Corman . His career moved up a gear after the success of "  The Godfather " in 1972 , which became one of the highest-grossing films in history . "  When I was young I wanted to write and direct little personal films , " he told CNN . "  I was offered a project that was from a book that turned out to be ` The Godfather ' and that project changed my career to something very different from what I would have imagined . "  I never would have imagined myself as a Hollywood or industry director . I mean , not at that level of success . " One of the 1970s group of Hollywood film directors including George Lucas and Martin Scorsese known as the "  movie brats , " Coppola broke new ground in the "  The Godfather , " showing the ruthless Corleone gangster 's family values , casting them in a sympathetic light . Who is the greatest American film director of the era ? Coppola , Scorsese , Lucas , Spielberg ? Tell us below in the Sound Off box Coppola 's wife , Eleanor , thinks his Italian-American background was fundamental . " ` The Godfather ' was a raw example of his experience at weddings , with family and he just took his experiences and viewed those characters with the familiar aspects that he had known from his uncles and his family , " she told CNN . In 1979 , perhaps his most infamous film , "  Apocalypse Now , " followed . It is considered by many to be the quintessential film about the nightmare of the Vietnam war . But the film that defined a generation almost ruined Coppola 's career . Filming , which started in 1976 took almost three years to complete and ran into financial trouble almost immediately . " ` Apocalypse Now ' almost broke me because it was so expensive , " Coppola remembers . "  I had every nickel that I owned riding on a movie that was going rampantly over-budget and I was going to end up with the bill . In other words , I was going to end up owing somebody $ 30 million . " Famously , what could go wrong did . A typhoon destroyed the film set , lead actor Martin Sheen had a heart attack aged 39 , and Marlon Brando turned up on set grossly overweight and under prepared . "  There 's stuff I ca n't tell you , but it was pretty crazy , " says actor Robert Duvall who played napalm-loving Lt. Colonel Kilgore . Robert Duvall : Francis Ford Coppola made my career "  Sometimes we 'd get one shot in a day , if that . Everything was in disarray . " Coppola was also battling the screenplay , which which proved to be an epic journey not unlike the one in the film . "  I found myself making a film that was more and more surrealistic and psychedelic , and as I took that trip going up the river making the movie it got weirder and weirder . I could n't figure out how I was going to end it . " He successfully solved the puzzle and the film and went on to win the coveted Palme D'Or at Cannes film festival and a place in movie history . Today , Coppola seems like a man at peace with himself and his career -- "  I 'm in an extremely interesting place . " He has not tired in his pursuit of making great movies and all his experiences have taught him some important lessons . "  There are great films and great wines so it is possible . What is it when the impossible becomes possible ? What does it take to do that ? It takes incredible , fanatical devotion . Willingness to go through anything . " Although , right now , sitting in the greenery of his Napa Valley estate , Coppola is n't enduring too many hardships . "  I 'm sitting here in paradise ready to write something new . "	Master movie-maker Francis Ford Coppola on his other love : Winemaking How his "  day job " has helped to revitalize his film career , plus latest film "  Tetro " Coppola is still writing and directing at 70 : "  I 'm in an extremely interesting place " CNN 's Revealed talks exclusively to the director at his Napa Valley winery
A 5-year-old boy freed Monday after being held captive in an underground bunker for six days is laughing and smiling and playing with his favorite toy dinosaur after being reunited with his family , authorities said . The boy 's kidnapper is dead , but officials offered no details on the raid that freed the boy -- identified only by his first name , Ethan -- and left his abductor fatally shot . FBI Special Agent in Charge Steve Richardson visited Ethan at a hospital , where he was in a private area with heavy security . "  He is doing fine , " Richardson told reporters at a late-night news conference . "  He 's laughing , joking , playing , eating . " Dale County Sheriff Wally Olson had no new details about Ethan 's rescue , and when asked if the boy saw his abductor , 65-year-old Jimmy Lee Dykes , killed during the rescue operation , Olson replied , "  He 's a very special child . He 's been through a lot , he 's endured a lot . " Ethan looks great but will be hospitalized overnight , an uncle told people at a prayer vigil earlier Monday . Authorities said they were still working on the crime scene and the investigation should continue for several more days . The sheriff 's office said the bomb squad was checking the bunker for potential explosive devices . Richardson earlier said an FBI team went in to get Ethan after negotiations had broken down with Dykes , who also was "  observed holding a gun . " Olson said it became very difficult to deal with and even communicate with Dykes over the past day . Believing the child to be in imminent danger , an FBI team entered the bunker at 3:12 p.m. CT  4:12 p.m. ET  and rescued the boy , Richardson said . One neighbor said he was outside when he was startled by the sound of an explosion . "  I heard a big boom and then ... I believe I heard rifle shots , " said Bryon Martin , who owns a home near the bunker where the boy had been held since Tuesday . It was a loud noise that "  made me jump off the ground , " he said . Authorities would n't say whether the blast was set off as a diversionary tactic or whether Dykes had planted explosives around the bunker . After the good news of the boy 's release spread through the small rural community , travelers on a nearby highway honked their horns as they drove by . The FBI had borrowed from the U.S. military high-tech detection equipment similar to the technology used to discover homemade bombs in war zones , three Defense Department officials told CNN . It was unclear whether the equipment , which is not readily available to civilian law enforcement , had been used by the FBI . One of the defense officials said no members of the military were involved in the rescue . They would have been acting a technical advisers , the official said . Last Tuesday , police said , Dykes boarded a Dale County school bus and demanded the driver hand over two children . The driver , Charles Albert Poland Jr. , refused , blocking access to the bus 's narrow aisle as at least 21 children escaped out of the back emergency door , authorities said . The gunman killed Poland , then grabbed a kindergartner before barricading himself and the boy inside a nearby bunker he had built . Smith said Monday that Ethan has siblings , but none of them were on the bus last week . In the ensuing days , officials said little about what was going on in the bunker or in their strategy , or what -- if anything -- Dykes wanted . "  Based on our discussions with Mr. Dykes , he feels like he has a story that 's important to him , although it 's very complex , " Olson said Monday before the hostage situation ended . He did n't elaborate . Ethan suffers from Asperger 's syndrome and attention deficit disorder , state Rep. Steve Clouse said during the week . Dykes told authorities that he had blankets and a heater in the bunker , and authorities have previously said the bunker -- built 4 feet underground -- has electricity . Authorities did not say how they were communicating with Dykes . Meanwhile , residents and business owners in Midland City put up blue , red and black ribbons in support of the boy and Poland . Blue and red are the local school colors , and black is in honor of the slain bus driver . The U.S. Navy confirmed Monday that Dykes served in the military from 1964 to 1969 . Naval records list him as an aviation maintenance administrationman third-class who served with units based in California and Atsugi , Japan . The job entails clerical work related to aircraft and aircraft maintenance , according to the Navy 's job description . Neighbors and officials had described Dykes as a survivalist with "  anti-government " views . Even as the hostage situation continued Monday morning , plenty of police were on hand as schools in neighboring Ozark , Alabama , reopened for the first time since the incident began . Dale County schools remained closed but were to reopen on Tuesday , the district said . In Ozark , school officials decided to begin strictly enforcing a 15-foot safety zone around school buses required by state law . The law prohibits any unauthorized adults , including parents , from approaching within 15 feet of a school bus stop . If an unauthorized adult gets too close , bus drivers are supposed to close bus doors or drive away , if necessary , school officials said	Rescued child is in good spirits at hospital , authorities say Officials say crime scene is still active , bomb squad on site FBI says boy was rescued after negotiators felt he was in danger Witness said he heard explosion followed by gunshots
