Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkey 's government made an emotional plea Wednesday to hundreds of hunger-striking Kurdish prisoners -- some who have n't eaten in more than a month -- to end their protest . Justice Minister Sadullah Ergin made the televised appeal Wednesday during a visit to Sincan prison in the Turkish capital . "  I am telling the prisoners and detainees who are on this action : On the eve of this holiday , for the sake of your own body , your own health , the people who love you and whom you love , stop this action , " the minister said . The holiday Ergin is referring to is the Islamic "  Feast of the Sacrifice " or Kurban Bayrami , which will be observed in Turkey starting Thursday . It 's the celebration that marks the end of Hajj , the annual Muslim pilgrimage to the holy city of Mecca . The justice minister said at least 680 prisoners are currently on a hunger strike in prisons across the country , but Turkey 's Human Rights Association , which closely follows the country 's long-simmering Kurdish conflict , said 715 inmates are striking in 48 prisons . Some of the protesters have been without food for 43 days , and there are fears about their deteriorating condition . "  Their health is in bad condition , " said Gonul Sonbahar , a member of the Human Rights Association 's Prison Commission , in a phone interview with CNN . "  Some of their symptoms include vertigo , trouble walking , violent headaches , bruising on fingers and eyes , nausea , nose bleeds , trouble swallowing water , blood in stool , " she added . Sonbahar said the protesters had three main demands : the release of imprisoned Kurdish rebel leader Abdullah Ocalan , the right to Kurdish language education and the use of Kurdish in Turkish courts . Ocalan is one of the founders of the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , which has waged a 30-year guerrilla war against the Turkish state . Though he has been in a Turkish prison on an island in the Marmara Sea since his capture in 1999 , PKK fighters have continued their war against the Turkish government . Throughout the long conflict , which has claimed more than 30,000 lives , the PKK has modified its goals from demanding a separate Kurdish state to fighting for the expansion of Kurdish cultural and linguistic rights , as well as the release of Ocalan . For decades , the Turkish state discriminated against the Kurds , Turkey 's largest ethnic minority , which now makes up roughly 20 % of the population . The Kurdish language was banned , and Kurds were long referred to as "  mountain Turks . " During Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's 10 years in power , the government has made historic outreaches to the long-oppressed population , an effort that included secret talks with PKK leaders in 2005 . Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party , or AKP , also made a number of overtures toward the Kurds , relaxing bans on Kurdish language education , appearing to apologize for past discriminatory policies and launching a state Kurdish-language TV station . But PKK-related violence has spiked recently , reaching death tolls unseen in more than 13 years , according to a report published by the International Crisis Group , a non-profit conflict mediation organization . The ICG argues Turkey 's arrest and detention of more than 7,000 Kurdish activists over the past several years has contributed to the radicalization of some . Erdogan "  actually did more for the Kurds than anyone up until now , " said Hugh Pope , senior Turkey analyst with the ICG , in a CNN interview last month . "  But  when a wave of massive arrests of legitimate Kurdish politicians began , that 's when I think young people especially lost hope and the PKK 's arguments for the legitimacy of armed struggle became persuasive to them . " In his appearance before journalists at Sincan prison , Ergin tried to draw attention to previous reform efforts . "  There has been progress in Turkey for a long time on expanding democratic rights , " the justice minister said , adding that the government had made a pledge to try to allow the use of Kurdish language in Turkish courts . Ergin did not address the demand for Ocalan 's release . Sonbahar of the Human Rights Association told CNN the hunger-striking prisoners were determined to continue their protest , even if it results in illness or worse . "  This is a perpetual and irrevocable hunger strike , " she said .	A Turkish human rights group says some of the prisoners have n't eaten in 43 days The justice minister asked the hunger-strikers to stop their action Erdogan 's government has made overtures to the Kurdish population
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Egyptian-American man behind the inflammatory film "  Innocence of Muslims " denied Wednesday violating the terms of his probation from a 2010 bank fraud conviction . Mark Basseley Youssef made the denial in a federal courtroom during a proceeding in which prosecutors are seeking to revoke the probation . The amateur filmmaker from Cerritos , California , denied each of the eight instances in which prosecutors alleged he violated his supervised release from federal custody . He is now being held without bail . An evidentiary hearing on the charges will be held November 9 . The filmmaker was identified in initial news accounts last month as Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , the name used in the bank fraud case . But the probation revocation case lists the defendant as Mark Basseley Youssef , which the filmmaker stated in court last month is his legal name . The use of aliases is among the allegations that the prosecutors are citing in their case to revoke Youssef 's probation and return him to prison for two years . Specifically , prosecutors are accusing Youssef of using a name other than his legal one in December 2010 ; possessing a driver 's license under the Nakoula name ; possessing a fraudulent driver 's license ; using the name Sam Bacile on August 7 , 2011 , the name he allegedly used in making the controversial film ; and falsely telling his probation officer last month that he had n't used the Bacile name . Youssef is also accused of falsely telling his probation officers on September 15 that his role in the film was limited solely as the writer . Youssef garnered international attention following protests against his film throughout the Muslim world . His film was initially implicated in the violent demonstration last month in Libya that left the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans dead last month . U.S. officials initially said the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi and a nearby U.S. annex came as protesters outside the consulate rallied against the online video that offensively portrays Islam 's Prophet Mohammed . That explanation has shifted with time . The Obama administration now says the incident was a terrorist attack , occurring 11 years to the day after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York 's World Trade Center and the Pentagon . After Wednesday 's court hearing , Youssef 's attorney told reporters that his client "  had nothing to do with the violence that occurred in the Middle East as a result of the film . "  Clearly it was pre-planned , " attorney Steve Seiden said about the Benghazi incident . FBI visits site of attack in Libya The defendant is a Coptic Christian , a religious minority in Egypt where Copt-Muslim relations are tense , authorities say . His film , backed by hard-core anti-Islam groups in the United States , is a low-budget project that was largely ignored when trailers were posted on YouTube in English last June . But protests erupted in Egypt , Yemen , Tunisia , Morocco , Sudan , Iran , Iraq , Israel and the Palestinian territories when an Arabic translation of the trailer was released a few weeks before the anniversary of September 11 . A Chechen court ruled the film to be extremist and banned it in the Russian republic , according to information minister Murat Tagiyev . State Department officials : Benghazi attack ` unprecedented ' The amateurish film portrays the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , buffoon , ruthless killer and child molester . Islam categorically forbids any depictions of Mohammed , and blasphemy is an incendiary taboo in the Muslim world . When news of his movie first broke , the filmmaker identified himself as Sam Bacile and told The Wall Street Journal he was a 52-year-old Israeli-American real estate developer from California . He said Jewish donors had financed his film . But Israel 's Foreign Ministry said there was no record of a Sam Bacile with Israeli citizenship . ` Innocence of Muslims ' actress sues filmmaker , YouTube A production staff member who worked on the film in its initial stages told CNN that a different name was filed on the paperwork for the Screen Actors Guild : Abenob Nakoula Bassely . A public records search showed an Abanob B. Nakoula residing at the same address as Nakoula Basseley Nakoula . Another staffer who worked on the film said he knew the producer as Sam Bassil . That 's how he signed a personal check to pay staff . In the bank fraud conviction , Youssef served one year in federal prison at Lompoc , California , but officials could n't say recently whether he paid any of the court-ordered restitution of $ 794,700 , according to probation department officials and court records . While on probation , Youssef was also prohibited from accessing computers or any device that can access the Internet without approval from his probation officer . U.S. official sought more security for Benghazi post Meanwhile , the U.S. House Oversight Committee held a hearing Wednesday on the administration 's handling of the attack in Benghazi , Libya , that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Under Secretary of State for Management Patrick Kennedy rebutted criticism by Republicans of an alleged lack of preparedness ahead of the consulate attack and a shifting response by the Obama administration following the assault . "  We regularly assess risk and resource allocation , a process involving the considered judgments of experienced professionals on the ground and in Washington , using the best available information , " Kennedy told the Republican-controlled committee . The assault on the U.S. compound was "  an unprecedented attack by dozens of heavily armed men , " Kennedy said . What Obama administration has said about Libya attack	NEW : Youssef 's film had "  nothing to do with " Benghazi , which was "  pre-planned , " his lawyer says The filmmaker denies prosecutors ' eight allegations that he violated probation Youssef is behind the film that provoked protests in Muslim world Congress holds a hearing on security at the Benghazi , Libya , consulate
For the past 26 years , musician Boujemaa Razgui , a Canadian citizen based in Boston , has traveled around the world and across the United States with his instruments , 11 neys and two kywalas , in tow . Razgui has a green card and grew up in Marrakesh . Razgui supports himself and his family playing these instruments . Last month , he traveled from Marrakesh , Morocco , to Boston , passing through Madrid and New York , a trip he has made numerous times without incident . When he arrived in New York on December 22 , his suitcase with the instruments and materials he purchased in Morocco to make new instruments was not there . He was told the bag would be in Boston , but when he arrived , he obtained an empty suitcase without his prized instruments inside . He contacted John F. Kennedy International Airport on December 23 to inquire about the missing instruments , and he said a customs employee told him that his instruments were "  destroyed safely " because they were considered agricultural products . A spokesperson from U.S. Customs and Border Protection said Razgui did not claim his bag at JFK . Typically , passengers clear immigration and are subject to customs inspections based on what they declare to have brought into the United States , the Customs spokesperson said . Razgui was not present for the inspection because he did not claim his bag . Customs agriculture specialists at JFK discovered "  fresh bamboo canes approximately three to four feet long inside of unclaimed baggage arriving on a flight from Madrid , Spain on Sunday December 22 , 2013 , " the Customs spokesperson said in a statement . The spokesperson said agriculture specialists did not find or destroy any instruments , only fresh bamboo . Razgui said he did not understand what happened . At the very least , he told CNN , he wished Customs would have contacted him and asked about his belongings . While he is sad to lose the instruments and the materials , he said he would have forfeited the reeds he purchased in Morocco if it meant keeping his instruments . "  I have three kids , I make a living with this flute , " he said . "  Now I do n't have them . " Razgui says Customs destroyed 13 flute-like instruments : 11 neys and two kywalas , a shorter flute . The Customs spokesperson , however , said agriculture specialists neither found nor destroyed any instruments . Razgui 's music career has taken him to Canada , Europe and the United States . He said he has played at Lincoln Center , alongside Cirque de Soleil , and was featured in Shakira and Beyonce 's song "  Beautiful Liar . " In the past , he said , his instruments have been subject to increased scrutiny by Customs officials , but he has never had his instruments confiscated . "  I do n't know what to do ; I need my materials to make my living , " he said . The reeds used to make his neys can only be found in Spain , Morocco and the Middle East , he said . Razgui , 55 , has been playing the ney since has was 12 . He said he made all of the instruments himself . While visiting family in Morocco , Razgui traveled to seven cities to find the right materials to bring home to make additional flutes , he said . Now Razgui says his music career is on hold , as he has limited access to additional flutes in the United States . He borrowed some from a professor at Boston College , he said , but their quality does not compare with those he lost . Razgui said he had to cancel a concert at a hotel in Holbrook , Massachusetts , on New Year 's Eve . "  I need something to work with , it does n't make sense to me that they were just cut off , I have a big heart for this , " he said . "  Right now I do n't have a job ; I do n't know what to do . " The Customs spokesperson said any passenger who has an issue can file a report online or contact Homeland Security .	Boujemaa Razgui says his 13 flute-like instruments were destroyed at JFK International Customs officials say they destroyed fresh bamboo but found no instruments Razgui performs across the U.S. and around the world He was featured on Beyonce and Shakira 's song "  Beautiful Liar "
Moscow  CNN  -- Weeks after getting asylum in Russia , Edward Snowden now has a job there , one of his lawyers says . Snowden , the U.S. national security contractor turned leaker , will start a job Friday with a major Russian website , his attorney Anatoly Kucherena told CNN Thursday . Kucherena declined to name the employer for security reasons . He told Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti that Snowden would perform maintenance for the site . Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims Snowden , a 30-year-old former government information technology contractor , collected information on spy programs -- in which the National Security Agency mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside of the United States -- and exposed the programs to the media . Anticipating legal consequences , he fled to Hong Kong in late May and flew on June 23 to Moscow , where he holed up at the airport for more than five weeks . U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property . After Russia granted him an asylum term of one year on August 1 , he left the airport . As Snowden got ready to start his new job , he was also meeting Thursday with a German lawmaker who visited him in Russia . Hans-Christian Stroebele , a well-known leftist legislator in Germany , met with Snowden in Moscow to invite him to testify before the German parliament . According to Stroebele 's website , during their meeting , Snowden gave him a letter addressed to the German parliament and to the country 's attorney general . Stroebele , a member of the Green party , tweeted a picture of himself with Snowden and said he would hold a news conference Friday to provide details about the letter 's contents . The meeting comes amid outrage among many German leaders over claims that an NSA surveillance operation targeted German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . Germany 's Der Spiegel news magazine first reported the alleged operation , citing documents leaked by Snowden . Stroebele sits on a parliamentary committee that monitors intelligence agencies . Spying on allies - everyone does it CNN 's Diana Magnay and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	NEW : A German lawmaker meets with Snowden and invites him to testify before parliament Snowden to start job Friday with major Russian website , one of his lawyers says Lawyer declines to name site , citing security concerns Russia gave asylum to Snowden in August after he leaked info about U.S. spy programs
CNN  -- Keegan Bradley rounded off a triumphant rookie season by claiming the PGA Tour 's Grand Slam of Golf in Bermuda Wednesday . Bradley held off a charging Charl Schwartzel of South Africa to win the prestigious end-of-season title by a shot after carding a level-par 71 on the Port Royal Golf Course . It left the American on four-under 138 for the two-round tournament which brings together the season 's four major winners . Masters champion Schwartzel produced a best of the day six-under 65 but was ultimately undone by his first round three-over par 74 . U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy started the day in the joint lead with Bradley after their first round 67s , but fell away in blustery conditions to card a four-over 75 to finish in third place on level-par 142 . McIlroy 's Northern Ireland compatriot Darren Clarke was way off the pace as the British Open winner closed out a second round of 74 for nine-over 151 . The 25-year-old Bradley , who turned professional in 2008 , has enjoyed a remarkable first season on the PGA Tour , claiming the Byron Nelson Classic before his triumph in the PGA Championship where he beat Jason Dufner in a playoff . Remarkably , it was his first appearance in a major , only one of three golfers to achieve the feat . He kept his nerve as Schwartzel drew level through the turn after picking up five straight birdies . Bradley , who had bogeyed the opening hole , birdied the 10th to open up a one-shot lead over Schwartzel which he kept to the finish to claim the $ 600,000 first prize . "  It was a lot more intense than I thought it was going to be , " Bradley told gathered reporters after his victory . "  Coming down the stretch , it felt like any other tournament that I played in . It was very , very intense , and I was nervous over that 5-footer to win . "	Keegan Bradley wins PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Bermuda Rookie professional cards a level-par 71 for four-under 138 Charl Schwartzel one-shot back after brilliant second round 65 Bradley claimed PGA Championship in Atlanta to earn invite to prestigious event
San Salvador , El Salvador  CNN  -- Buried underground about 30 miles from El Salvador 's capital city , police made a staggering find this week : 213 grenades . Investigators described the arsenal uncovered Tuesday as "  anti-tank grenades " -- the kind of weapons only members of the military are allowed to use in the Central American country . Key questions remain after the discovery : Who hid the grenades there ? And how were they planning to use them ? Authorities say they suspect the stash is yet another sign that Mexico 's brutal Zetas cartel has extended its reach . And members of the military could be involved , they said . "  According to our investigations , these have been sold to Zetas drug traffickers in Guatemala and Mexico , " Salvadoran Attorney General Luis Martinez told reporters . "  And we are going to investigate this . And also we are going to see where they came from . " Authorities have asked the United States for assistance with their investigation into the weapons ' origin . Police said the grenades , buried about 4 feet underground , were manufactured in China and the United States . Los Zetas known for ` complete absence of scruples ' CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Police say they found 213 anti-tank grenades buried underground They suspect the stash is connected with a cartel , possibly Mexico 's Zetas The grenades were manufactured in China and the United States , police say
Six months after she was freed from the "  house of horrors " where Ariel Castro held her captive for 11 years , Cleveland kidnapping victim Michelle Knight is speaking out . In an exclusive interview with Dr. Phil McGraw scheduled to air Tuesday and Wednesday , Knight describes a moment when Castro trapped her in a room and tied her up with an orange extension cord . "  I was tied up like a fish , " she said , "  an ornament on the wall . " An excerpt released by the "  Dr. Phil " syndicated talk show Monday shows Knight sitting cross-legged on a couch and drawing a U-shape in the air with one finger as she describes how Castro hung her by her feet , neck and arms . Knight also says Castro taped her mouth shut with duct tape , according to another excerpt posted on the show 's YouTube channel . And she tells McGraw she once picked a lock to try to escape , drawing an ominous warning from Castro : "  Now you 're gon na be punished . " Knight , Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus were freed from Castro 's Cleveland home in May , drawing national attention to the horrific case . The dramatic rescue came after neighbors heard Berry 's cries and broke down a door . "  It 's astounding to me that she had the strength that she did , " McGraw told "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " "  She says that she was referred to as the unbreakable one . She fought him every step of the way . " McGraw said Knight was chained around the neck and waist with a motorcycle helmet on her head . She was left there for days at a time , Mcgraw said , adding that Knight told him she could n't lie down because the chain was too short . So she would just lean and wait until she passed out from fatigue . Knight told McGraw , though , that she did n't always fight back , at least not at first . She said she was in shock after being taken and all she could do was cry and beg him to let her go back to her son . He threw money at her . "  He was obsessed with prostitutes and also he thought I was a 13-year-old prostitute , " she said in the interview . "  When he found out my real age he got mad . " Knight , 32 , was 21 years old when she was reported missing in 2002 . In August , Castro was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years after he pleaded guilty to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping . He committed suicide in his prison cell in September . Before the women 's rescue , Knight 's disappearance generated less publicity and attention than the kidnappings of Berry and DeJesus , and a level of mystery still surrounds her case . But since their rescue , Knight has n't shied away from speaking out . "  After 11 years , I am finally being heard , and it 's liberating , " she said in a powerful statement at Castro 's sentencing describing the abuse she endured . "  You took 11 years of my life away , and I have got it back . I spent 11 years in hell , and now your hell is just beginning , " she told Castro . "  I will overcome all this that happened , but you will face hell for eternity . " When crews demolished the 1,400-square-foot house where Castro held them captive , Knight was there , handing out yellow balloons to onlookers . She said she was at the demolition site in part to remind relatives of abducted children that all is not necessarily lost . "  I want the people out there to know -- including the mothers -- that they can have strength , they can have hope , and their child will come back , " she said . Since their release , accounts have depicted Knight as someone who cared for the other victims during their captivity while also enduring great suffering herself . A family friend of one of the victims said this year that Castro used Knight as his main "  punching bag . " The friend said Castro hit Knight with a variety of objects , including hand weights . She has suffered vision loss , joint and muscle damage , and other problems from her time in captivity . According to an initial incident report obtained by CNN , Knight said she became pregnant at least five times while in Castro 's home . When that happened , she told investigators , Castro "  starved her for at least two weeks , then he repeatedly punched her in the stomach until she miscarried . " Knight said Castro ordered her to deliver Berry 's child , according to a police source familiar with the investigation . "  What 's most incredible here is that this girl who knows nothing about childbirth was able to deliver a baby that is now a healthy 6-year-old , " a police source said .	Michelle Knight says Ariel Castro thought she was a 13-year-old prostitute Cleveland kidnapping victim says she was tied up like "  an ornament on the wall " Knight , Amanda Berry and Gina DeJesus were kidnapped and raped by Castro Castro committed suicide in his prison cell in September
British lawmakers launched a furious , multipronged barrage of questions Wednesday at Bob Diamond , who resigned as the head of Barclays a day earlier , but Diamond steadfastly defended himself and the bank . Diamond refused to be drawn into whether he would give up millions of dollars ' worth of bonuses , and he insisted the scandal that forced him to quit was due to a small number of "  reprehensible " traders at Barclays . The banker said he became "  physically ill " when he found out about the scandal -- something he said he learned only last month . "  The behavior was wrong . It 's been eradicated . It 's been dealt with , " he insisted . Diamond stepped down Tuesday as chief executive of Barclays amid the scandal that also claimed two other executives at the bank this week . Barclays chairman resigns amid rate-fixing scandal He insisted Wednesday at a parliamentary hearing that history would judge the bank as "  an incredible institution . " But lawmaker Andrea Leadsom , herself a former Barclays banker , accused Diamond of living in a parallel universe , saying the culture of Barclays was the problem , not the solution . And Teresa Pearce , another member of the Treasury Select Committee , attacked his line of defense . "  You just keep saying , ' I did n't know , I did n't know , ' " about wrongdoing at his bank , she said . She pressed him on an infamous comment he made to lawmakers last year to the effect that it was time for bankers to stop apologizing for their actions . "  It did not come across in a way that was positive or the way I meant it , " Diamond said after quibbling with her about when he made the remark . He also brushed aside angry questions from lawmaker John Mann about whether he would give up bonuses or donate them to charity , saying decisions had not yet been made . British and American regulators fined Barclays more than $ 450 million last week for rate-fixing during the height of the global financial crisis . The scandal centers on the rates at which banks lend each other money . The rate is hammered out based on input from big banks in London each morning and is known as the London interbank offered rate , or Libor . It affects how much interest ordinary people pay on everything from credit card debt to home mortgages and student loans . The fine came after Barclays admitted some of its trading desks purposely underreported its interest rates . Former investment banker Ralph Silva said the scandal has caused such fury because of its impact on the public . "  If they 're manipulating Libor , what they 're basically doing is taking money out of the public 's pocket , " he said . Diamond said Wednesday he was "  sorry , I 'm disappointed and I 'm angry " about the rate-fixing . "  This was wrong and I 'm not happy about it , but we put all the resources we could to make sure it was dealt with . ... This does n't represent the Barclays that I know and I love . " He blamed the wrongdoing on 14 traders out of "  a couple thousand . " Diamond was pressed hard about communications between his bank , politicians and the Bank of England regarding his bank 's views on what the rate should be . Barclays published internal e-mails ahead of Wednesday 's hearing suggesting that politicians were asking the Bank of England to put pressure on banks to keep interest rates low . Lawmakers demanded to know who Diamond meant when he said "  Whitehall " was concerned about Barclays ' views on Libor , which is set each day by a group of banks . Whitehall is a catch-all term for the British government . He refused to name names and gave inconsistent answers about whether he thought the pressure was coming from elected politicians or career civil servants . The answer , if it ever emerges , could have political implications for the Labour Party , which was in power at the time . Before the hearing , one of the lawmakers on the Treasury Select Committee said Diamond was making a serious accusation . "  He has made allegations about the behavior of a very highly respected and trustworthy deputy governor of the Bank of England , Paul Tucker , and many of us will want to get to the truth of that , " David Ruffley said . The allegation "  goes to the very heart of the integrity and probity of regulators in the City of London . One of those is the Bank of England , " he said . Tucker asked the committee Wednesday for a chance to testify , the panel said in a statement . Why Libor scandal will change banking culture Diamond has long been a controversial figure and has been a vocal backer of huge bonuses for bankers . "  It 's about pay for performance , " he told CNN earlier this year , calling bonuses "  rewards for success . " His own pay package remains "  under discussion , " Barclays told CNN on Wednesday . Diamond 's total compensation package for 2011 was worth # 6.3 million  $ 9.8 million  , including salary , bonuses and share options , the bank said . The annual bonus consisted of # 2.7 million  $ 4.2 million  in shares and was deferred over three years , the bank said . The chairman of the Financial Services Authority , Britain 's banking regulator , last month blasted the "  cynical greed of traders asking their colleagues to falsify their Libor submissions so that they could make bigger profits . " Chairman Adair Turner said the scandal "  has caused a huge blow to the reputation of the banking industry " and "  has justifiably shocked and angered people . " At least seven other banks are under investigation on suspicion of rate-fixing , leading to speculation that Diamond could be the first of many executives to resign . Libor e-mails : ` For you ... anything ' Financial regulators in London have not named the banks , but Deutsche Bank , Royal Bank of Scotland , Credit Suisse and UBS have acknowledged that they are under investigation . Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase have also confirmed that they are under investigation . Bank of America has refused to comment on reports that it is being probed . British Prime Minister David Cameron said Monday that a full parliamentary inquiry would be held into the Libor rate-fixing scandal and standards in the banking industry , with witnesses called to give evidence under oath . Barclay 's is the 15th-largest bank in the world , according to an annual list of the world 's top 1,000 banks released Monday by The Banker magazine . It is Britain 's second-most profitable bank , and the 18th-most profitable in the world , the trade magazine said . Cameron unveils probe into bank standards Explaining the Libor interest rate mess Barclays : Do n't just blame us !	Bob Diamond brushes aside questions about giving up his bonuses Ex-Barclays CEO says he became "  physically ill " after finding about rate-fixing scandal He resigned Tuesday as head of Barclays , one of the world 's largest banks The bank was fined $ 450 million over alleged manipulation of lending rates
CNN  -- Leading figures from Poland to the United States have been paying tribute to Marek Edelman , the anti-Nazi resistance fighter and Solidarity movement supporter who died Friday . Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in World War II . Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising , "  the largest , symbolically most important Jewish uprising " against the Nazis during World War II , according to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum . Polish President Lech Kaczynski and Prime Minister Donald Tusk both issued statements mourning Edelman . Tusk called him an "  exceptional man , " saying "  his bravery was a testament to the courage of the fighters of the Jewish Fighting Organization , " as the largest Jewish resistance movement in the ghetto was known . The prime minister also praised him for standing up against the Polish Communist government 's anti-Semitic campaign of 1968 , and hailed him as an example for free , democratic Poland . The U.S. State Department saluted "  his life dedicated to the defense of human dignity and freedom . The United States stands with Poland as it mourns the loss of a great man . " Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising , in which Jews fought Nazi efforts to send them to concentration camps . Armed with pistols , some rifles and automatic weapons , and hand-made grenades , the resistance fighters attacked the Germans and their allies when they tried to liquidate the Warsaw Ghetto in April 1943 . The Nazis had planned to round up all the ghetto 's Jews in three days , but in the end it took them more than a month -- longer than some countries held out against Hitler 's armies . The Nazis reduced the ghetto to rubble in the process of flushing resistance fighters out of their bunkers . Edelman was in one of the last groups to hold out in the headquarters of the Jewish Fighting Organization at 18 Mila Street . In the final days of the uprising he was able to sneak out of the ghetto by way of the city 's sewers , he wrote after the war . He went on to fight in the Warsaw Polish Uprising , a two-month battle against the Nazis in 1944 , undertaken primarily by non-Jewish Poles . After the war , Edelman became a cardiologist . In the late 1940s , he published a short history of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising in Polish , Yiddish , and English , called "  The Ghetto Fights . " In it , he described the creation of the ghetto by the Nazis . "  In November 1940 , the Germans finally established the Warsaw Ghetto . The Jewish population still living outside the ` Seuchensperrgebiet '  ` Quarantined Zone '  was brought inside the special area . Poles living within the designated ghetto boundaries were ordered to move out , " he wrote . "  Beginning with November 15 , no Jew was allowed to leave the Jewish precincts . All houses vacated by Jews were immediately locked by the Germans and then , with all their contents , gratuitously given to Polish merchants and hucksters ... . The walls and barbed wire surrounding the ghetto grew higher every day until , on November 15 , they completely cut off the Jews from the outside world . " Hunger and disease were rife in the ghetto , he wrote . "  People began to die of hunger in the streets . Every morning , about 4-5 a.m. , funeral carts collected a dozen or more corpses on the streets that had been covered with a sheet of paper and weighted down with a few rocks . Some simply fell in the streets and remained there , " Edelman remembered . Jews organized a local government and Socialist unions , but conditions became progressively worse in the ghetto , with the Nazis summarily executing people . Nazis then began deporting Jews to concentration camps -- sometimes with the help of Jewish collaborators in the ghetto -- Edelman wrote . By that time , many in the ghetto knew the Nazis were systematically murdering Jews in the camps , he recalled . He describes in detail the spring 1943 uprising , a street-by-street battle that ended with the ghetto in ruins . Edelman 's history finishes simply , listing the handful of survivors of the hundreds who fought back . "  Those who had gone over to the ` Aryan side ' continued the partisan fight in the woods . The majority perished eventually . The small group that was still alive at the time took an active part in the 1944 Warsaw Uprising as the ` ZOB Group . ' At present the following of our comrades are still among the living : Chajka Betchatowska , B. Szpigel , Chana Krysztal , Masza Glejtman , and Marek Edelman . " During the early 1980s Edelman was active with Solidarity , the Polish trade union movement that opposed the Communist government . French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner awarded him the Legion of Honor in 2008 , on a visit to Poland marking the 65th anniversary of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising . Edelman was born in 1921 , according to Yad Vashem , Israel 's Holocaust museum . He was buried in Warsaw 's Jewish cemetery on Friday , the Jewish Telegraphic Agency reported	Marek Edelman was one of the leaders of the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising Both Polish President Lech Kaczynski and Prime Minister Donald Tusk pay tribute Edelman is thought to have been the last surviving commander of the uprising During early 1980s Edelman was active with Polish trade union movement , Solidarity
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is the broadband television network of VICE . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- We had heard about a drug in Colombia that essentially eliminates free-will in humans . It is called scopolamine and it seemed to us to be so completely out there -- like a plot device in an awful Jack Black movie . In fact , it sounded so horrible and strange that we wanted to go down and try it out . So the producers and I compiled a laundry list of embarrassing chores for me to complete while under the influence and , chuckling hysterically to ourselves , got on a plane and headed for Bogota , Colombia . Once we landed in the Colombian capital , it took all of about 60 minutes to realize there was n't going to be any more laughing . The fear that the mere mention of scopolamine struck in the locals was palpable and startling . As we dug deeper into this drug 's story , following the evolution of the plant and its uses , we began to appreciate the gravity of ingesting it . And we became fearful . We heard harrowing tales from victims and perpetrators alike , sat with prostitutes who calmly explained administering the drug to unsuspecting johns , and visited the home of a man who confessed in chilling detail to murdering someone who had dosed him with the drug . It was difficult to believe at times , but we spoke to countless law enforcement officials and medical professionals who verified all that we 'd heard , and who also expressed their frustration and fear with what they saw as a growing problem . See the rest of Colombian devil 's breath at VBS.TV After a week of chasing this story across the city , we were rattled . By the time we met up with our local contact , a dealer named Demencia , I had little to no interest in going through with the plan as conceived . Still , he bought a gram of the drug , and when he returned to the car and began to open it , all the horror stories of the week came rushing at me . It occurred to me we were sitting in a car full of expensive video equipment on the outskirts of Bogota with a known drug dealer we had just met , and in his possession was arguably the most dangerous drug in the world . Fortunately for us , Demencia turned out to be a rather trustworthy drug dealer , and we made it out of Bogota unscathed , our mental faculties intact , the scopolamine dispatched safely into a nearby toilet . We have not , however , been able to shake the stories we heard .	Journalist heads to Colombia to learn about drug , originally intending to try it Tone of story quickly changes upon hearing "  unimaginable horror stories " Mere mention of the drug strikes "  startling , " "  palpable " fear in locals
CNN  -- Paul McCartney fans in Japan are going to have to wait a little longer to get "  Out There . " The former Beatle , currently on his "  Out There " tour in Asia , was forced to postpone two shows at the Tokyo National Stadium due to an undisclosed illness . The cancellations are a rare occurrence for the McCartney , who has proven an iron man while maintaining a global tour schedule over the past several years . He 'll turn 72 in June . "  Doctors have ordered Paul complete rest and he has been doing all he can to get better , " read a statement on McCartney 's official website posted Sunday . "  Paul has only ever had to reschedule a handful of shows in his entire career and is so upset about this situation , he hates to let people down . " McCartney wanted to perform against doctor 's orders , the statement continued , "  but his team , along with the doctors , would n't allow it . " McCartney plans to reschedule the shows , which were originally planned for May 18-19 . Shows scheduled for May 21 , at Tokyo 's Nippon Budokan , and May 24 , at Osaka 's Yanmar Stadium Nagai , have also been postponed . The musician was disappointed , according to his site . "  Thank you so much for your kind messages of support , " McCartney wrote . "  I 'm so very touched . Unfortunately my condition has not improved overnight . I was really hoping that I 'd be feeling better today . I 'm so disappointed and sorry to be letting my fans down . " McCartney is currently performing in support of his album "  New , " which was released in October . His tour is scheduled to continue in Seoul , South Korea , on May 28 , before coming to the United States on June 14 .	Paul McCartney got sick in Japan , postponed shows Postponements are rare occurrence for former Beatle McCartney : "  I 'm so disappointed " Tour scheduled to go to Seoul , then over to America in June
CNN  -- Michael Jackson , the show-stopping singer whose best-selling albums -- including "  Off the Wall , " "  Thriller " and "  Bad " -- and electrifying stage presence made him one of the most popular artists of all time , died Thursday , CNN has confirmed . Michael Jackson , shown in 2008 , was one of the biggest pop stars in history . He was 50 . He collapsed at his residence in the Holmby Hills section of Los Angeles , California , about noon Pacific time , suffering cardiac arrest , according to brother Randy Jackson . He died at UCLA Medical Center . Lt. Fred Corral of the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office said an autopsy would probably be done on the singer Friday , with results expected that afternoon . Watch crowds gather at Jackson 's hospital " "  Michael Jackson made culture accept a person of color , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said . "  To say an ` icon ' would only give these young people in Harlem a fraction of what he was . He was a historic figure that people will measure music and the industry by . " Jackson 's blazing rise to stardom -- and later fall from grace -- is among the most startling of show business tales . The son of a steelworker , he rose to fame as the lead singer of the Jackson 5 , a band he formed with his brothers in the late 1960s . By the late '70s , as a solo artist , he was topping the charts with cuts from "  Off the Wall , " including "  Rock With You " and "  Do n't Stop 'Til You Get Enough . " Watch Jackson perform at a 1988 concert " In 1982 , he released "  Thriller , " an album that eventually produced seven hit singles . An appearance the next year on a Motown Records 25th-anniversary special cemented his status as the biggest star in the country . Timeline : The life of Michael Jackson " For the rest of the 1980s , they came no bigger . "  Thriller 's " follow-up , 1987 's "  Bad , " sold almost as many copies . A new Jackson album -- a new Jackson appearance -- was a pop culture event . iReport : Share your memories of Michael Jackson The pop music landscape was changing , however , opening up for rap , hip-hop and what came to be called "  alternative " -- and Jackson was seen as out of step . His next release , 1991 's "  Dangerous , " debuted at No. 1 but "  only " produced one top-ranking single -- "  Black or White " -- and that song earned criticism for its inexplicably violent ending , in which Jackson was seen smashing car windows and clutching his crotch . And then "  Dangerous " was knocked out of its No. 1 spot on the album charts by Nirvana 's "  Nevermind , " an occurrence noted for its symbolism by rock critics . After that , more attention was paid to Jackson 's private life than his music career , which faltered . A 1995 two-CD greatest hits , "  HIStory , " sold relatively poorly , given the huge expense of Jackson 's recording contract : about 7 million copies , according to Recording Industry of America certifications . A 2001 album of new material , "  Invincible , " did even worse . In 2005 , he went to trial on child-molestation charges . He was acquitted . In July 2008 , after three years away from the spotlight , Jackson announced a series of concerts at London 's O2 Arena as his "  curtain call . " Some of the shows , initially scheduled to begin in July , were eventually postponed until 2010 . Watch the reaction to Jackson 's passing Rise to stardom Michael Jackson was born August 29 , 1958 , to Joe Jackson , a Gary , Indiana , steelworker , and his wife , Katherine . By the time he was 6 , he had joined his brothers in a musical group organized by his father , and by the time he was 10 , the group -- the Jackson 5 -- had been signed to Motown . Watch Michael Jackson 's life in video He made his first television appearance at age 11 . Jackson , a natural performer , soon became the group 's front man . Music critic Langdon Winner , reviewing the group 's first album , "  Diana Ross Presents the Jackson 5 , " for Rolling Stone , praised Michael 's versatile singing and added , "  Who is this ` Diana Ross , ' anyway ? " The group 's first four singles -- "  I Want You Back , " "  ABC , " "  The Love You Save " and "  I 'll Be There " -- went to No. 1 on the Billboard pop chart , the first time any group had pulled off that feat . There was even a Jackson 5 cartoon series on ABC . Watch reaction from Motown Studios " In 1972 , he hit No. 1 as a solo artist with the song "  Ben . " The group 's popularity waned as the '70s continued , and Michael eventually went solo full time . He played the Scarecrow in the 1978 movie version of "  The Wiz , " and released the album "  Off the Wall " in 1979 . Its success paved the way for "  Thriller , " which eventually became the best-selling album in history , with 50 million copies sold worldwide . At that point , Michael Jackson became ubiquitous . Seven of "  Thriller 's " nine cuts were released as singles ; all made the Top Ten . The then-new cable channel MTV , criticized for its almost exclusively white playlist , finally started playing Jackson 's videos . They aired incessantly , including a 14-minute minimovie of the title cut .  "  Weird Al " Yankovic cemented his own stardom by lampooning Jackson 's song "  Beat It " with a letter-perfect parody video . On the Motown Records ' 25th-anniversary special -- a May 1983 TV extravaganza with notable turns by the Temptations , the Four Tops and Smokey Robinson -- it was Michael Jackson who stopped the show . Already he was the most popular musician in America , riding high with "  Thriller . " But something about his electrifying performance of "  Billie Jean , " complete with the patented backward dance moves , boosted his stardom to a new level . Watch Jackson perform "  Thiller " " People copied his Jheri-curled hair and single-gloved , zippered-jacket look . Showbiz veterans such as Fred Astaire praised his chops . He posed for photos with Ronald and Nancy Reagan at the White House . Paul McCartney teamed with him on three duets , two of which -- "  The Girl Is Mine " and "  Say Say Say " -- became top five hits . Jackson became a Pepsi spokesman , and when his hair caught fire while making a commercial , it was worldwide news . It all happened very fast -- within a couple years of the Motown special . But even at the time of the "  Motown 25 " moonwalk , fame was old hat to Michael Jackson . He had n't even turned 25 himself , but he 'd been a star for more than half his life . He was given the nickname the "  King of Pop " -- a spin on Elvis Presley 's status as "  the King of Rock 'n' Roll " -- and few questioned the moniker . Relentless attention But , as the showbiz saying has it , when you 're on top of the world , there 's nowhere to go but down . The relentless attention given Jackson started focusing as much on his eccentricities -- some real , some rumored -- as his music . As the Web site Allmusic.com notes , he was rumored to sleep in a hyperbaric chamber and to have purchased the bones of John Merrick , the "  Elephant Man . "  Neither was true .  He did have a pet chimpanzee , Bubbles ; underwent a series of increasingly drastic plastic surgeries ; established an estate , Neverland , filled with zoo animals and amusement park rides ; and managed to purchase the Beatles catalog from under Paul McCartney 's nose , which displeased the ex-Beatle immensely . In 1990s and 2000s , Jackson found himself pasted across the media for his short-lived marriages , the first to Elvis Presley 's daughter , Lisa Marie ; his 2002 claim that then Sony Records head Tommy Mottola was racist ; his behavior and statements during a 2003 interview with British journalist Martin Bashir done for a documentary called "  Living With Michael Jackson ; " his changing physical appearance ; and , above all , the accusations that he sexually molested young boys at Neverland . Watch report on legacy on Michael Jackson " The first such accusation , in 1993 , resulted in a settlement to the 13-year-old accuser  rumored to be as high as $ 20 million  , though no criminal charges were filed , Allmusic.com notes . He also fell deeply in debt and was forced to sell some of his assets . Neverland was one of many holdings that went on the block . However , an auction of material from Neverland , scheduled for April , was called off and all items returned to Jackson . Interest in Jackson never faded , however , even if some of it was prurient . In 2008 , when he announced 10 comeback shows in London , beginning in July 2009 , the story made worldwide news . The number of concerts was later increased to 50 . Seventy-five thousand tickets sold in four hours when they went on sale in March . However , when the shows were postponed until 2010 , rumors swept the Internet that Jackson was not physically prepared and possibly suffering from skin cancer . Watch discussion of his tough life , brilliant career " At the time , the president and CEO of AEG Live , Randy Phillips , said , "  He 's as healthy as can be -- no health problems whatsoever . " Jackson held open auditions for dancers in April in Los Angeles . He is survived by his three children , Prince Michael I , Paris and Prince Michael II .	Michael Jackson suffers cardiac arrest at home in Los Angeles suburb Singer was dominant in pop music for four decades with Jackson 5 , solo Jackson had many No. 1s ; his "  Thriller " is one of the best-selling albums of all time
CNN  -- Ty Warner , the billionaire creator of Beanie Babies plush toys , wo n't serve prison time for hiding millions of dollars in secret Swiss bank accounts to evade taxes . A judge sentenced Warner to two years ' probation Tuesday , ordering him to perform 500 hours of community service at three Chicago high schools and pay a $ 100,000 fine . "  Society will be best served to allow  Warner  to continue his good works , " U.S. District Judge Charles Kocoras said at a sentencing hearing Tuesday , according to the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Chicago . Warner had pleaded guilty to tax evasion and already paid a $ 53 million civil penalty and about $ 27 million in back taxes , prosecutors said . When he pleaded guilty , Warner admitted that he had maintained Swiss bank accounts with an unreported gross income of more than $ 24 million . Warner is the owner and founder of TY Inc. , which hit it big in the 1990s when Beanie Babies became some of the nation 's hottest toys and collector 's items . The plush animals sell for as little as $ 5 , though rare models can fetch thousands of dollars at auction . While Beanie Babies have largely faded from the public consciousness , they 've made a fortune for Warner . Forbes Magazine estimates his net worth as of September at $ 2.6 billion . The tax evasion charge carried a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . CNNMoney 's James O'Toole and CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	A judge sentences Ty Warner to two years ' probation and community service Warner , who pleaded guilty to tax evasion , must also pay a $ 100,000 fine Warner is the owner of TY Inc. , the maker of Beanie Babies plush toys
CNN  -- French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault said Friday that the government 's newly unveiled spending plans for 2013 are a "  combat budget " that will tackle debt and bring much needed growth to the nation . About 30 billion euros  $ 39 billion  in savings are needed to reach President Francois Hollande 's ambitious target of lowering the deficit to 3 % of gross domestic product by the end of 2013 , from a forecast of 4.5 % this year . A third of the savings will come from cuts to public spending , the president 's office said , while an additional 10 billion euros will come from a tax on companies . The remainder will be raised through tax increases on high-earning individuals , including a 75 % levy on incomes higher than 1 million euros  $ 1.26 million  and a new 45 % tax bracket affecting 6.2 million households . However , nine out of 10 earners will not see income tax increases , the government said . The 2013 budget is viewed as a test of confidence for Hollande , who was elected in May on a pro-growth and anti-austerity platform , and his Socialist government . Addressing reporters after a meeting of ministers Friday morning , Ayrault sought to stress that the tough measures were necessary -- and that most of the burden would fall on those best able to pay . "  It 's a combat budget to fight against a debt that only continues to increase and that rests on the shoulders of French taxpayers and generations to come , " he said , adding that it was "  a courageous and responsible budget . " Ayrault said the French national debt had increased from 64 % of GDP to more than 90 % in five years -- and that 's why the government 's deficit reduction target must be met . "  The 3 % is a realistic objective , it is an indispensable objective , " he said . Ayrault also said that the budget , while cutting public spending , is one "  which made choices " in favor of lower-wage earners . "  The working and middle classes have been exempted from the revenue tax . Nine households out of 10 ... will not be taxed further , this is the guarantee that we are giving to the French people , " he said . Who is Francois Hollande ? Speaking this month in front of the Cour des Comptes , a government financial body , Hollande said the reduction of public debt was going to be "  the most important effort in 30 years . " However , some economists , including those at Citigroup , anticipate that the government 's deficit reduction target will be missed , with Citi forecasting a deficit for the year of 3.7 % of GDP . Political analyst Christian Malard , of broadcaster France 3 , told CNN that the French public was also skeptical about the government 's ability to reduce the deficit without raising taxes more widely . "  A majority of the French know that 2013 is going to be for them a very terrible year , " he said , citing tax hikes , continued high unemployment and difficult times for entrepreneurs as among the challenges they face . "  The French are very aware of the fact that everyone will have to pay . " The government 's move to raise an extra 10 billion euros from taxes on businesses could further stifle growth and force companies to move overseas , Malard said . Many people in France now fear that France could join other southern European nations such as Spain , Greece and Italy , whose ailing economies have prompted wider fears about the stability of the eurozone group of nations , he added . As the fifth-largest economy in the world and the second-largest in Europe , France is a major concern to global investors . It 's also the United States ' third-largest trading partner in Europe , after Germany and the United Kingdom , the U.S. State Department says . Analysts had predicted that Hollande would have to present a harsher budget than first expected because of fears that otherwise , France 's cost of borrowing will spike , and any savings made will have to be spent on increased interest payments . Since his election in May , the French president has been under growing pressure to reduce the national debt , boost growth and create new jobs , while seeking to avoid angering the public with big cuts in public spending . But his popularity has already taken a knock since he beat the incumbent , Nicolas Sarkozy , to the top job . A survey conducted by polling firm IFOP for the Journal du Dimanche last Sunday suggested that four months into his presidency , only 43 % of French people are satisfied with Hollande . This was an 11 % drop in his satisfaction rating , compared with August . The figure represents one of the worst popularity plunges for a French leader in decades , the newspaper said . By comparison , Sarkozy 's satisfaction rating at the same point in his presidency , surveyed by IFOP in September 2007 , was 61 % , Le Monde reports . Hollande acts over wealth tax crisis Figures released Friday by the country 's national statistics institute reveal zero growth in France in the second quarter of 2012 , compared with the first quarter , CNN affiliate BFM-TV reports . However , individual spending power increased slightly over the same period , after several quarters of decline . Speaking Thursday on public television station France 2 , Ayrault said that the government was aware of the gravity of its mission and that it has a long-term plan for the country 's future . The prime minister defended the government 's forecast 0.8 % growth rate for 2013 as "  realistic , " rejecting doubts about the figure as "  defeatist . " He also said it was important to set ambitious targets to tackle rising unemployment . The country 's unemployment rate stood at 10.2 % at the end of June this year , according to the national statistics institute . France 's budget announcement comes against a backdrop of unease in the 17-nation eurozone , where many governments are plagued by high debt and low growth . Neighboring Spain announced its own budget Thursday , outlining new spending cuts , tax increases and structural adjustments aimed at bringing down its huge deficit . The government 's efforts have proved unpopular with many Spaniards , who have taken to the streets in large numbers to demonstrate against austerity measures . Spain 's next crisis : regional splits ? CNN 's Nina Dos Santos , Kirsten Dewar and Dheepthi Namasivayam contributed to this report .	NEW : France 's budget for 2013 aims to save 10 billion euros in public spending NEW : PM Jean-Marc Ayrault says 9 out of 10 households are spared income tax increases NEW : But a new 45 % tax bracket and a 75 % windfall tax on the super-rich are introduced Ayrault says it is a "  combat budget " designed to cut France 's soaring debt
CNN  New York City public schools will now observe two Muslim holidays , officials announced Wednesday , making the district -- the nation 's biggest -- one of the few to put Islamic holy days on its calendar . Under the change announced by New York Mayor Bill de Blasio and city Schools Chancellor Carmen Farina , there will be no class for Eid al-Adha , also known as the Festival of Sacrifice , starting next September 24 . Another Muslim holiday , Eid al-Fitr -- a festival marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan -- will become a holiday for those in summer school starting in 2016 . "  This is a common-sense change , " de Blasio said Wednesday , "  and one that recognizes our growing Muslim community and honors its contributions to our city . " The decision affects some 1 million students in New York City . While it 's not known exactly how many of them are Muslim , City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito said that almost 1 million of the more than 8 million people in the city 's five boroughs practice Islam and a 2009 Columbia University study found that roughly 10 % of New York City public school students are Muslim . The move is n't a surprise , given de Blasio 's campaign pledge to alter the school calendar with Muslim families in mind . "  Muslim students and their families who observe Eid al-Fitr and Eid al-Adha should n't have to choose between an instructional day and their religious obligations , " said Farina . "  This new addition will also enable a teachable moment in the classroom for our students to learn about religious tolerance and the societal contributions of various cultures . " Linda Sarsour , executive director of the Arab American Association of New York and the parent of three public school students , said a plan in which students would n't have to choose between education and faith "  a win for our children and for future generations in this country . " "  Muslims are a part of the fabric of this country , " she said . "  We make our country proud , and today , New York City made us proud . " New York City joins school districts in other states , including New Jersey , Massachusetts and Vermont , that similarly observe Muslim holidays , according to a news release from Farina 's office . And Eid al-Fitr and Eid al-Adha join other religious holidays already on New York 's public school calendar . In addition to holidays like Easter that always fall on a weekend , students already have Christian holidays such as Good Friday and Christmas off , as well as the Jewish holidays of Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferigno and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	School chief : Muslim families should n't have to weigh school vs. religious observances Bill de Blasio had pledged to change the school calendar during his mayoral campaign New York City 's public schools already observe Jewish and Christian holidays
CNN  -- Assassinations of high-profile government figures are not new to Lebanon . Some result from gruesome car bombs , ripping through people and buildings along bustling streets in cities like Beirut . For years , when such blasts occurred , Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan led the investigations . He was credited with overhauling his nation 's intelligence forces , finding those responsible for targeted killings and preventing fresh attacks . No more . Al-Hassan and at least two others died in a massive explosion Friday in the typically peaceful and cosmopolitan Ashrafiyeh district of East Beirut that he called home . Lebanon on edge after anti-Syrian intel official killed by Beirut car bomb The attack -- in broad daylight , at one of the capital 's busiest intersections -- was just the kind of thing the intelligence official worked so diligently to prevent . But beyond its potential impact on Lebanon 's security , al-Hassan 's life and death illustrates the deep political and religious fissures within Lebanese society -- fissures that could be widened amid spillover from Syria 's bloody civil war . "  The person who was the master of uncovering these kind of things ... is gone , " said Amal Mudallali , a senior scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Center who , like al-Hassan , is affiliated with Lebanon 's "  March 14 " movement . "  So unfortunately , the Lebanese are bracing for more assassinations . " Al-Hassan was more than just Lebanon 's top intelligence official . He was an icon among many fellow Sunni Muslims , including those aligned with the opposition led by Saad Hariri , for his leadership and efforts in rooting out those responsible for targeted killings in Lebanon . But as much as he was loved by some , others despised him -- especially those backing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and those affiliated with Hezbollah , the Shiite militant and political movement that has a prominent role in Lebanon 's government . The U.S. government labels it a terrorist organization . "  This is a very polarizing figure , " said Aram Nerguizian , a fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank who teaches in Beirut . In his position with Lebanon 's Internal Security Forces , al-Hassan tackled one of the nation 's bloodiest and politically volatile attacks , which occurred on February 14 , 2005 , in Beirut 's fashionable seaside Corniche district . On that day , an explosive-laden truck detonated as the motorcade of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri -- Saad Hariri 's father -- passed by , killing the dignitary and 22 others . As Hariri 's chief of protocol , al-Hassan himself might have been among the dead had he not taken that day off to take a university exam . Details from al-Hassan 's investigation were shared with U.N. investigators , who concluded the assassination may have been linked to high-ranking Syrian officials  despite denials from Damascus  . A U.N. tribunal went on to indict four Hezbollah members , and left the door open for more to be charged , though that group 's leader , Hassan Nasrallah , blamed Israel for Hariri 's death . Al-Hassan spearheaded several other investigations into a series of killings that targeted major anti-Syrian political figures . And he is credited with uncovering an Israeli spy network that involved Lebanese agents , including a top aide to Hezbollah 's powerful Christian ally , Michel Aoun . His latest big break , occurring in late August , came with the arrest of a former Lebanese minister and current member of parliament , Michel Samaha . Lebanese security forces claim a recording shows Samaha -- who has close ties with Damascus and is now in jail awaiting trial -- attempting to smuggle in explosives intended to be used in religious and political assassinations . Two Syrian security officers also were charged . "  Unfortunately , today , al-Hassan paid the price for his success , " Saad Hariri said . Twice in the years after Rafik Hariri 's death , al-Hassan had skirted death . The second assassination attempt left one of his top aides , Wissam Eid , dead . With his absence , others within Lebanon 's security apparatus will step into his place . Photos : Aftermath of the Beirut blast But describing Friday as "  a grim day , " Mudallali said finding someone who can do the same thing as al-Hassan -- whom she lauds for his "  great achievements " in unraveling complex cases -- will be difficult . "  I do n't think Wissam al-Hassan -- somebody with his experience , with his background -- is going to be replaced very easily , " she said .	Brig. Gen. Wissam al-Hassan was a top intelligence official in Lebanon Aligned with an anti-Syrian , anti-Hezbollah faction , he led many probes into assassinations Fellow Sunnis saw him as an icon , while he was despised by others A scholar linked to the opposition calls al-Hassan a "  master " who will be difficult to replace
Istanbul  CNN  -- Police barricaded Istanbul 's main Taksim Square and used water cannons to disperse crowds on Saturday to prevent demonstrators from entering Gezi Park , the site of protests for more than a month . Interior Minister Muammer Guler said the government wo n't permit "  illegal " demonstrations in the park . "  We will not and can not permit demonstration or marches in those places , " the minister said . "  Without it being a demonstration or a protest march , they can use Gezi Park as they please . We will not allow tents . "  Right now in Istanbul there is a search and a push for ways to have illegal gatherings . Our police is not permitting this , " Guler said . Witnesses who spoke to CNN by phone reported use of water cannons and tear gas on Istiklal Street , one of the main arteries leading to Taksim Square . The 6th Administrative Court in Istanbul overruled some parts of the Taksim development project , including plans to rebuild old barracks in Gezi Park . Taksim Solidarity , an umbrella platform of activists and civil society groups , put out a call after ruling for people to gather in Gezi Park , which has not been open to the public since June 16 . European Union , Turkey avoid rupture in relations "  We are going to our park to deliver the court decision by hand , which cancels the project aimed to disidentify , depopulate and concretize Gezi Park , to the ones who shut the park down to the people , " said Taksim Solidarity in a written statement . "  We are going to our park to open its doors to its real owners , so to everyone again . " "  They are in the smaller streets trying to prevent people from even reaching Istiklal , " said Irem Koker , an eyewitness . CNN witnessed several men being detained by police . One demonstrators said "  this is a police state , " as water cannons were being used to disperse the crowd . Some residents exploded in anger at the police barricades . "  This is the fourth entrance -LSB- to Taksim -RSB- that I 've been stopped at . I have a 12-year-old child waiting for me , " said a woman to a police officer blocking her way across what is normally one of the city 's busiest transit hubs . She was dressed in the trenchcoat and headscarf popular among conservative Turkish Muslim women . "  Until now I used to pray for you , " she told the police officer . "  Now that has all changed . " As clashes continued in streets and back alleys of Istanbul 's historic Beyoglu district , Istanbul 's governor , Huseyin Avni Mutlu , responded to an amateur video that went viral on Turkish social media Saturday night . The video showed men armed with a large round sword and a stick attacking pedestrians in Istanbul 's Talimhane district , which is adjacent to Taksim Square . One of the men with a machete is seen in the video beating a woman once with the blade and then kicking her in the small of the back . The amateur video also showed several police officers physically trying to separate the two men from the people they were attacking . An eyewitness told CNN he and several other anti-government protesters took shelter in a building in Talimhane when they saw the men shown in the video attacking demonstrators . "  There were two guys in the middle of the street . We saw them from afar . They have these things that looked like swords , not knives but like rounded swords . They were running , swinging swords and kicking people , " the eyewitness said , on condition of anonymity for fear of reprisal . "  I think they were out there to scare people . To give the message ` we 're out here . ' It was n't like they were hiding the swords . " Mutlu said the suspected attackers had been detained by police . "  The two people with swords and sticks that were part of the events that took place after the illegal protest in Taksim have been detained and are being processed , " Mutlu wrote on his official Twitter account . "  Our security officer was wounded while trying to apprehend the attacker armed with a sword who was seen in videos , " Mutlu said . The Istanbul governor said that Gezi Park will open to the public Sunday , but that Taksim Solidarity 's call for a demonstration is not legal and will not be permitted . "  It is not legal to gather in Taksim . I can not let you gather where the law says you can not , " Mutlu told reporters on Saturday . "  We are not going to allow this illegal gathering . The police will make the necessary warnings , " he said . After more than an hour of skirmishes between police and demonstrators , calm returned to Istiklal Street . The heavy police presence continued to block pedestrians from entering Taksim Square .	NEW : Video shows men using machete , stick Government wo n't allow "  illegal " gatherings , interior minister says Witnesses reported use of water cannons and tear gas Court overruled parts of Taksim development project , including plans to rebuild barracks
A security firm that had pointed the finger at a 17-year-old Russian last week updated its report Monday to identify a different Russian resident as being responsible for writing the malware used in an attack compromised the credit card numbers and other personal information of up to 110 million Target customers . In a statement published Friday , security firm IntelCrawler said the breach was the result of malware that infected Target 's payment system and possibly compromised the systems of other retailers . Neiman Marcus reported a similar security breach this month . The 17-year old does not appear to be solely responsible for the attack . Independent security researcher Brian Krebs earlier reported that other code in the Target hack pointed to a Ukraine resident . Homeland security warns retailers Experts say the author may have shared it with others . "  Well , we should be worried . One of the things the hackers do is take the malware as it 's called . Once it 's identified , then the security community can rally around it and put controls in place . But the problem is , the hackers know that . And they manipulate or mutate this malware , and then reuse it , " SecureState CEO Ken Stasiak said . "  We believe that he originated the code , or the malware everybody 's calling it now . And was able to put it up on the Internet for download for other hackers to then take , and potentially use it for malicious harm . And that 's what we believe happened to Target and Neiman Marcus . " The first sample of the malware was created in March and since then , more than 40 versions have been sold around the world , IntelCrawler said . It first infected retailers ' systems in Australia , Canada and the United States . Hack is a wake-up call on privacy Andrew Komarov , IntelCrawler CEO , said most of the victims are department stores and said more BlackPOS infections as well as new breaches could appear soon . Retailers should be prepared . "  The numbers could be staggering , really , because what the retailers are looking at are potential class action lawsuits , " CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said . "  Let 's say hypothetically , a retailer has 40 million transactions by 40 million different customers . All 40 million may have been damaged in some way , and under law they can all be joined together in a class action lawsuit . " Millions getting new cards after hack	IntelCrawler updates report , says Russian teenager not solely responsible for attack Target breach imperiled credit card numbers , personal info of millions Teen reportedly shared malware with other hackers Experts warn other breaches could happen
CNN  -- After divesting from luxury brands purchased in Europe , the Ford Motor Co. is revamping its Lincoln car line to try to recapture the prestige -- and market share -- of the past . "  We had purchased Aston Martin and Jaguar and Landover and Volvo , and we had decreased our investment in Lincoln , " Ford CEO Alan Mulally told CNN 's Richard Quest . "  With our One Ford Plan in 2006 , we decided to have a laser focus not only on the Ford brand but Lincoln . We continued to invest in the toughest times and the MKZ is our first proof point of a new line of luxury Lincoln vehicles . " Ford announced Monday it is renaming its Lincoln division as the Lincoln Motor Co. . Lincoln is not being spun off into an altogether separate carmaker , notes CNNMoney 's Peter Valdes-Dapena , but Ford wants to give it greater separation from the more mass market Ford "  blue oval " brand . Lincoln have has its own product development team , designers and salespeople . The all-new MKZ is due to hit the market soon . "  As you know the Lincoln has been part of the Ford Motor Co. for nearly 90 years and its always been known for elegant styling and design , inside and out , and also very useful and exciting technology and innovation , " Mulally told Quest . Ford was able to avoid the bailouts required to keep U.S. competitors General Motors and Chrysler afloat after an aggressive restructuring that began in 2006 , before the financial crisis struck . But the carmaker has been hit of late by the slowdown in the eurozone . The company announced in October the closure of two plants in England and one in Belgium in the next two years , which together employed 5,700 workers . "  We are moving very decisively on our better plan to serve the European customers both with a more complete family of best in class vehicles that we describe , but also taking the actions on the productivity and the utilization of our facilities , " Mulally said . "  It 's going to take us a couple years to do that , we know how to do it , everybody watched us do it in the United States . " Mulally , who has been among the U.S. CEOs who have met with President Obama on the looming U.S. fiscal cliff , says he 's optimistic the talks will avert crisis . "  The last few weeks has really centered on discussion about not only the fiscal cliff , which needs to deal with the revenue side but also the expense side , is what do we do to create the environment where businesses can grow , can be more competitive , to provide the economic expansion that we all want , " he said . "  I might also add that we are very encouraged by the ongoing dialogue in Europe on the same subject , because clearly we 're in a recession in Europe and pulling together around a compelling vision to facilitate economic growth is what 's most important for all of us . "	The Ford Motor Co. is revamping its Lincoln car line to try to recapture past prestige Ford announced Monday it is renaming its Lincoln division as the Lincoln Motor Co. . Building up Lincoln after divesting of investments in Aston Martin and other luxury brands CEO Mulally optimistic that U.S. fiscal cliff negotiations will be sucessful
CNN  -- Call it the world 's biggest mud fight or its largest group cosmetic treatment -- either way , millions of visitors are making their way to Boryeong , South Chungcheong Province this week for South Korea 's most popular festival . The 16th annual Boryeong Mud Festival , which kicked off this past weekend and will run until July 28 , hopes to beat its record of 3 million participants last year . Organizers say this year 's mud bath is expected to attract 300,000 foreign tourists , up 22,000 from last year . Korean media have reported that trains to Boryeong are already packed with dirt-ready foreigners . 50 greatest summer music festivals This year 's festival Originally launched to promote the cosmetic benefits of the local mud , the festival has become an annual frenzy in which visitors take part in numerous mud-related activities , including mud wrestling and a mud marathon . "  This year , we amped up the Famiily Zone to meet the demands of people traveling with children , " say event organizers . "  There are many foreign families traveling to Korea just for the festival . " Local beer company Hite Jinro  maker of the best-selling selling liquor in the world  is throwing a rock festival in Boryeong for the first time this year and hosting K-Pop concerts and "  garden beer parties " until August . How to survive a Korean drinking session To cater to the tastes of foreign visitors , some area restaurants are being converted into pizza and hamburger joints during the festival to provide dining options beyond traditional hoe-jip  Korean sashimi restaurants  or restaurants selling grilled shellfish . Boryeong Mud Festival July 19-28 , 2013 1029-3 , Sinheuk-dong , Boryeong-si , Chungcheongnam-do , South Korea Korean , English , Japanese and Chinese travel hotline : +82 2 1330 The world 's messiest festivals	Millions of visitors get filthy in Boryeong , South Korea Organizers aim to make mud festival more family friendly this year Everything mud-related goes Festival originally launched to promote cosmetic mud treatments
CNN  -- A 13-year-old Indian boy has batted his way into cricket history with a record-breaking innings of 498 in a school tournament in Mumbai , India . Armaan Jaffer , the nephew of former India international batsman Wasim Jaffer , hit the highest score ever made by a schoolboy in a local under-14 competition on Wednesday . It was only three runs short of the alltime first-class record set by West Indies star Brian Lara in 1994 . Jaffer 's huge total came from 490 balls , from which he hit 77 fours , and surpassed the 439 his Rizvi Springfield school teammate Sarfaraz Khan scored in 2009 . Rizvi eventually declared on an intimidating 800-8 , with opponents IES Raja Shivaji School on 52-2 in reply at the end of the second day 's play . Despite his notable achievement , Jaffer expressed his regret that he was unable to reach 500 runs . "  I am a little disappointed that I missed the 500-mark but as we say , ` One mistake and you are back in the pavilion , ' " he said in quotes reported on the Cricinfo website . Jaffer and his teammates talk about his feat on YouTube His uncle Wasim had previously broken the same record , but Jaffer insisted beating the landmark figure never crossed his mind and he thanked his coach Raju Pathak for his guidance during the innings . "  I was not thinking about any record , not about Sarfaraz 's 439 and not even about Wasim uncle 's 403 . I was just following my coach 's instructions . I am thankful to him for his motivation . " Pathak said he had given his batsman a free reign to play as he wished , having been on 295 when he resumed his innings . "  He is a very disciplined player , " he said . "  I had told him last evening I want you to play a long innings , so go ahead and score as many runs you want . "  Based on your innings , we will declare the target . But he surprised me as well and created a record innings . I am very pleased with his game . " Like millions of young cricket hopefuls in India , there is one man who Jaffer hopes to emulate when he is older . "  Sachin Tendulkar is my idol . His determination and focus are the things that stand out . "	Indian schoolboy Armaan Jaffer hits a record-breaking 498 in an under-14 's tournament Jaffer 's total is the highest for a schoolboy and included 77 fours from 490 balls faced His school teammate Sarfaraz Khan scored 439 to break the record in 2009 The 13-year-old is the nephew of former India Test batsman Wasim Jaffer
Singapore  CNN  -- The victim of a brutal gang rape that sparked massive protests in India 's capital , arrived in Singapore for further medical treatment on Thursday . The patient arrived at 9:05 a.m. local time , a spokesperson for the Mount Elizabeth Hospital in Singapore told CNN . "  She is in extremely critical condition and being examined by doctors , " the spokesperson said . The 23-year-old woman was severely injured and has spent days in intensive care , after what police said was a gang rape and beating on a moving bus in New Delhi on December 16 . Widespread anger over the incident prompted massive anti-rape protests in the Indian capital over the weekend . Read more : New Delhi police fire water cannon at India rape protest Police prohibited demonstrations in key government districts , but these lockouts were lifted Wednesday as traffic appeared back to normal at Raisina Hills -- home to the seat of Indian power -- and police removed security barriers from most roads . New Delhi 's metro rail reopened its services around central parts of the city . Services were shut down after protests swelled Saturday and Sunday . On Wednesday , demonstrations also thinned at alternative sites where students had gathered to protest the gang rape . New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India The Cabinet plans to set up a commission to look into the rape and suggest measures to improve women 's safety . The commission has three months to submit its report to the government . Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi . Elizabeth Neisloss reported from Singapore .	Victim arrived in Singapore for treatment , hospital says The woman is in ` extremely critical condition ' says hospital spokesperson Her case prompted protests in New Delhi Cabinet to set up a commission to look into the rape
CNN  -- What 's better than easing into a B&B where you can feel presidential , get a little taste of Mayberry or immerse yourself in Shakespearean intrigue ? We 've handpicked six bed and breakfasts that replicate or give a nod to historic places and are sure to transport you to another time . The George Washington Inn Port Angeles , Washington This picturesque B&B , situated on a seaside lavender farm and perched on a bluff overlooking the Strait of Juan de Fuca , is , from the outside , a nearly spot-on replica of President George Washington 's beloved Mount Vernon . "  We love Southern architecture . It fascinated us , " says Dan Abbott , who owns the inn with his wife Jane . They decided the simple square design of Washington 's Mount Vernon could easily translate to their patch of heaven on the Olympic Peninsula . This Greek Revival-style B&B was built in 2006 , and it features five well-appointed rooms with expansive ocean and mountain views . Rates begin at $ 235 per night . In the morning visitors can expect a traditional breakfast , complete with homemade lavender biscuits crafted with fresh lavender plucked from the on-site farm . www.georgewashingtoninn.com Portland 's White House Portland , Oregon Built in 1911 as the summer home for lumber baron Robert Lytle , this Greek Revival-style mansion presides over a gracious corner in Portland , Oregon 's , tree-lined historic Irvington neighborhood . The 14 towering white columns , circular drive , burbling fountain and grand entryways feel distinctly presidential ; hence the name of this majestic B&B . Lanning Blanks , a Southerner by birth and nature , purchased this historic beauty in the 1990s and restored it to perfection , adding his own collection of antiques and artwork . Guests can stay the night in one of five in-home suites  there are three more rooms in a carriage house adjacent to the main home  , and room rates begin at $ 135 per night . When it comes to feeding folks , Blanks is n't shy . He uses fresh eggs from a brood of chickens who reside across the street  you are in Portland , remember !  and local , seasonal berries . Guests are greeted in the morning with plates of chicken and waffles or eggs benedict with smoked salmon , among other offerings . Enjoy a cocktail on a sunny patio surrounded by climbing roses and baskets of seasonal blooms . It 's the perfect place to consider a run for office or your next big political move . www.portlandswhitehouse.com 8 elegant U.S. mansion hotels Taylor Home Inn Bed & Breakfast Clear Lake , Wisconsin When guests check into the Taylor Home Inn it 's a bit like stepping onto a newer rendition of "  The Andy Griffith Show " set , complete with Sheriff Andy Taylor 's guitar and Aunt Bee 's Blue Willow dishes . This cozy B&B is a labor of love for owner Dave Scheuermann , who scoured E-bay and antique stores for most of the memorabilia that makes the Taylor Home Inn a treat for fans of the iconic family comedy , which aired for eight seasons in prime time and has been on eternal rerun status ever since . "  It takes some detective work , but you just have to keep fishing for  memorabilia  . Part of the fun is trying to find all of this stuff that makes  the B&B  kind of retro and timeless , " he says . Guests can choose to stay in one of three rooms -- Opie 's , Andy 's or Aunt Bee 's . There 's a recreation of the Mayberry Courthouse in the basement and guests are invited to wander the grounds , complete with a putting green and a replica of Wally 's Service Station . Rooms begin at $ 135 per night and include a family-style breakfast with eggs , gravy and biscuits and lots of good Wisconsin cheese . www.taylorhomeinn . The Elkhorn Inn & Theatre Landgraff , West Virginia It 's impossible to escape the rich history of West Virginia 's coal mining industry when you check into this rustic B&B . Situated on the West Virginia Coal Heritage Trail , the 1922 brick and concrete building was originally an opulent miner 's clubhouse . The B&B is nestled between the trout-filled Elkhorn Creek and a railway line that sees up to 30 trains per day , according to co-owner Elisse Clark , who says many guests are fans of railroad lore and memorabilia . Also on the property is a replica of Shakespeare 's Globe Theatre . Unfortunately , there 's not currently a theater troupe performing in the space , but it may be rented for special events . Rates start at $ 99 per night including continental breakfast or a hot breakfast can be purchased for $ 10 . Chef and co-owner Dan Clark prepares hearty dinners . www.elkhorninnwv.com 15 best U.S. spots for kids Anne Hathaway 's Cottage Staunton , Virginia Guests will find that snuggled amidst a jam-packed English garden in Staunton , Virginia , is a thatched roof cottage reminiscent of Anne Hathaway 's home in Stratford-upon-Avon . The literary among us will remember that Anne Hathaway is the scarcely known wife of William Shakespeare , and questions remain as to whether they were a love match or a marriage of necessity . Lucky for us , guests can mull this mystery as they stroll through garden paths where lanky cats wander and tea is served with scones and homemade marmalade or wine jelly . Rates start at $ 129 per night , and guests may stay in one of three rooms : Juliet 's , Romeo 's or William 's . Just a few miles from the inn , the American Shakespeare Center puts on live theatrical performances most nights and weekends . www.anne-hathaways-cottage.com Newport Belle Bed and Breakfast Newport , Oregon Touted as the only riverboat B&B in the United States by its owners , Michael and Nancy Wilkinson , this unique inn has three decks and nearly 3,000 square feet of living space . Built in 1993 , this vessel is seaworthy but stays moored in Yaquina Bay and has spectacular views of the beautiful Yaquina Bay Bridge and surrounding coastline . The sternwheel riverboat , fashioned after vessels crafted in the early 1900s , features five well-appointed staterooms and rates begin at $ 150 per night . Guests are invited to relax in the solarium on the aft deck and enjoy spectacular sunsets . The Newport Belle is closed in November , December and January , but re-opens in February in time to celebrate the local Seafood and Wine Festival . www.newportbelle.com	Some bed and breakfasts make a special effort to mirror historic places The George Washington Inn in Washington state is a replica of Mount Vernon In Staunton , Virginia , a thatched roof cottage is reminiscent of Anne Hathaway 's English home
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- In the coming weeks , Congress will attempt to forge a health care bill from proposals developed by five House and Senate committees . The final bill will likely include a mandate that most Americans buy health insurance , subsidies for the purchase of insurance and bans on denial of coverage based on pre-existing conditions . The bill may also include a "  public option , " government insurance that would compete with private insurance . The underlying presumption behind this legislation is that government health insurance should be expanded to cover the uninsured . This presumption is wrong . Government should not subsidize health insurance -- for the uninsured , the poor , the elderly or anyone else -- or regulate health insurance markets . Here 's why . Subsidizing health insurance means that patients and doctors are insulated from the costs of health care , so they utilize too much -- often in the form of unnecessary tests or medical procedures whose value has n't been proven . This excess demand , along with technological progress , means rapidly growing deficits , so governments limit reimbursements to health providers or ration care . This kills innovation and creates its own inequities . The taxes necessary to fund subsidies are a drag on economic growth . The reason the Obama administration and congressional Democrats are seeking to cover the uninsured is that health insurance is expensive . Without government support , many people could not afford health insurance . The conventional wisdom is that government should therefore subsidize health insurance for those who can not afford it . This confuses two issues : whether government should help the poor , and how government should help the poor . If society wants everyone to have health insurance , the obvious approach is to give the poor enough money so that individuals can purchase on their own . Just because people want government to help the poor does n't require it to pay for specific kinds of goods . If some people do not purchase insurance and then become ill , they would have to rely on private charity . Now one possible objection to designing anti-poverty programs in this way -- cash transfers , but no subsidies for health insurance -- is that it would require a lot of cash . That is not a convincing objection . Health insurance is just as expensive if provided as a separate benefit . The cash approach makes clear just how much money is involved , but it does not increase the amount . The other possible objection to the cash transfer approach holds that , if left unregulated , private health insurers would deny coverage based on pre-existing conditions . Thus , some people might get no health insurance at all . This outcome is unlikely , however , assuming health insurance is unregulated . In that case , insurers would set higher premiums for the unhealthy , but they would cover anyone willing to pay a sufficiently high price . Thus , the question is whether society should compensate those who face higher prices because of their health status ? The answer is no . Advocates for such compensation would suggest that it is basic fairness for society to insure people against the bad luck of being born with lousy genes . Many differences in health status , however , arise from behavior : heart disease from overeating , lung cancer from smoking , and cirrhosis from drinking , to name a few . If society compensates everyone for differences in their health status , it is often rewarding unhealthy behavior , perhaps even encouraging it . In addition , it is logical for society to treat the differences in financial well-being due to health in the same way it treats differences due to IQ , athletic ability , race , country of origin , family background , and so on . These and other factors mean that some people , through no fault of their own , face hard financial circumstances , whether because of their ability to earn income or because of the higher prices they face for certain goods , such as health insurance . Yet if society tried to equalize all differences resulting from , say , IQ , it would kill the incentive to work hard and destroy the economy 's productive capacity . Thus , most people believe society should reduce these differences -- by helping the poor -- but most also recognize that society should not attempt to eliminate all differences . This same tradeoff -- between helping the least fortunate and promoting an efficient economy -- applies in the case of health insurance . A reasonable balance is for government to provide a social safety net that protects the poor and allows them to purchase some health insurance on their own . An alternative is to provide health insurance vouchers , but only to the poorest segment of society . Guaranteeing health insurance for everyone is too costly , and it means worse health care for everyone . That is why Obamacare , and existing subsidies for health insurance , are treatments that are worse than the disease . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeffrey Miron .	Miron : Government should not subsidize health insurance Public health insurance will increase costs and reduce quality , he says Providing everyone with health insurance rewards unhealthy behavior , Miron says Miron : Give the poor health insurance vouchers instead of public insurance
CNN  -- South Sudanese rebels seized a strategic oil town last week , separating terrified residents by ethnicity before killing hundreds , the United Nations said . Residents sought shelter in churches , mosques and hospitals when the rebels raided Bentiu town , the world body said in a statement . "  We believe that at least 400 people were killed in Bentiu in the past week , " said Toby Lanzer , the top United Nations official in South Sudan . In one mosque alone , more than 200 civilians were reportedly killed and 400 others wounded , according to the United Nations . Before the attacks , some rebel commanders broadcast messages on local radio warning certain groups to leave town . "  Others broadcast hate messages declaring that certain ethnic groups should not stay in Bentiu and even calling on men from one community to commit vengeful sexual violence against women from another community , " the U.N. Mission in South Sudan said . At one hospital , Nuer men , women and children who refused to cheer the rebels were killed , according to the United Nations . People from other South Sudanese communities and the Darfuris , who hail from the war-ravaged Sudan region of Darfur , were also targeted and killed , the U.N. said . Most of the atrocities occurred on April 15 and 16 . In the United States , the Obama administration said it was "  horrified " by reports of hundreds massacred . "  Images and accounts of the attacks shock the conscience : stacks of bodies found dead inside a mosque , patients murdered at a hospital , and dozens more shot and killed in the streets and at a church -- apparently due to their ethnicity and nationality -- while hate speech was broadcast on local radio , " the White House said in a statement . "  This is exactly the violence and suffering the South Sudanese people fought for decades to escape . " Two rivals , a lot of violence The Nuer community backs rebel leader Riek Machar while his rival , President Salva Kiir , is a Dinka . The two leaders have been embroiled in a power struggle since December , with the President accusing Machar of trying to oust him through a coup . Since the attempted coup last year , militia loyal to both have battled each others ' forces . Violence has quickly spread , with reports of mass killings emerging nationwide . " "  The very future of South Sudan is at stake in this conflict and the greatest death toll of this crisis may not come from the killings , but from hunger and disease among the 3.7 million people at severe risk of food insecurity , " Lanzer said . The White House called for both Machar and Kiir to denounce attacks on civilians . Grenades , mass killings Armed militants attacked a U.N. peacekeepers ' base sheltering civilians last week , killing at least 48 people and injuring dozens . They used rocket-propelled grenades to breach the compound where peacekeepers had been hosting and protecting nearly 5,000 civilians in Bor . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . But numerous armed groups have remained active in the oil-rich country . More than one million people have been forced from their homes amid the violence , Lanzer said . CNN 's Millicent Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We believe that at least 400 people were killed in Bentiu , " top U.N. official says They kill hundreds of residents seeking shelter in churches , mosques and hospitals Men , women and children who refuse to cheer the rebels are also killed , it says White House : This is the kind of violence South Sudanese have tried to escape for decades
CNN  -- Despite the excitement over the royal tour of New Zealand and Australia , the commonly held view of politicians in both countries appears to be that the writing is on the wall for the reach of Britain 's monarchy to its far-flung South Pacific realms . The Queen 's official representative in Australia last year expressed support for replacing the monarch with an elected head of state , while New Zealand 's ex-foreign minister and former head of the Commonwealth has said the country is "  inching towards republicanism . " But how inevitable is it really that Australia and New Zealand will abandon their monarch to become republics ? Despite the view of the political classes in both countries , republicanism seems to be in reversal . This year Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott restored knights and dames after nearly 30 years , bestowing titles on the incoming and outgoing governors-general . New Zealand Prime Minister John Key restored titular honors in 2009 after they had been abolished by a Labour government in 2000 . Neither of these prime ministers will create a republic . As in Britain , fondness for the monarchy has grown with the Queen 's Jubilee and the popularity of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge , and baby Prince George , whose attractiveness is refreshing monarchism . Prince William has already reinforced loyalties in Australia and New Zealand with his visits to comfort embattled communities after the disasters of earthquakes in Christchurch and floods in Brisbane . There are differences between Australia and New Zealand , however . The republican movement was , and is , stronger in Australia . Empire status To understand why , we need to turn to history . For a start , Australia was more Irish . Transportation of thousands of convicts to the Australian colonies did not lend itself to devotion to the sovereign . So it is unsurprising that Australia developed a nationalist republican tradition , expressed by the "  Bulletin " magazine from the 1880s -- with the motto "  Australia for the Australians " -- that opposed the monarchy . National hero Henry Lawson 's first published poem , "  A Song of the Republic , " sought freedom from the "  wrongs of the North and Past . " But no cleavage of loyalty threatened the imperial connection when Australia became a nation in 1901 , and republican radicals remained in the minority . Membership of the empire conveyed a sense of pomp , pride and greatness in both countries . New Zealand decided its status within the empire would be grander by staying separate from Australia . Historically New Zealand was the more loyal dominion , and more economically dependent until Britain joined the EEC , a move that did not help monarchism . In 1911 , New Zealand borrowed to build a battleship for the Royal Navy , whereas Australia established its own navy ; and New Zealand introduced conscription in the First World War whereas Australia did not . New Zealand was last to sign the Statute of Westminster in 1947 . It was not until 1986 that New Zealand finally removed the United Kingdom 's residual powers to make law for New Zealand under a Constitution Act . Colonization and honors New Zealand Maori play an important part in the country 's position on the monarchy . There is no equivalent voice for Aborigines with their harsher experience of colonization . The status of the Treaty of Waitangi , signed in 1840 , is central in the New Zealand case , whereby the chiefs ceded government to the Queen of England in return for her protection . Ever since , "  the Crown " has been of supreme importance to Maori . Australia was first to introduce a republican-style honors system in 1975 , including the Order of Australia . Again , a reformist Labor government made the change . Prime Minister Gough Whitlam , who led the initiative , joked that the only imperial honor he ever awarded was a damehood to Dame Edna Everage -- the character created by cross-dressing Australian comedian Barry Humphries . For a while national and imperial honors systems overlapped and the Australian States continued to use imperial honors until the end of the 1980s . The Order of New Zealand was introduced by a reformist Labour government in 1987 . The remainder of the New Zealand honors system , however , had to wait until 1996 . Jim Bolger , the then National  non-Labour  prime minister , is a republican , and his stance prompted the creation of a Monarchist League of New Zealand . Bolger denies that his Irish background explains his republicanism . Constitutional change Both Australia and New Zealand founded republican movements in the 1990s to act as lobby groups advocating constitutional change , the New Zealand one based on the Australian model . But in New Zealand opinion has been more evenly split between republicanism and support for a constitutional monarchy . Recent polls put republican views in the minority , at about a third . Australia differed from New Zealand in holding a referendum on becoming a republic in 1999 , despite the prime minister 's monarchism and a divided Liberal Party . The Labor Party was near-unanimous in favor . In the event the people voted "  no , " because republicans were divided over how the president would be appointed . The referendum provided for appointment by parliament , when many favored a directly elected president . Distrust of politicians decided the result . The monarch 's popularity is a critical factor . Nothing is likely to happen in either country while the Queen is alive , except perhaps the design of the flags currently being waved at the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . As for baby Prince George , support for his position as future heir to the thrones of Australia and New Zealand may be dictated in part by the sustainability of his -- and his parents ' -- celebrity status . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Philippa Mein Smith .	Republicanism in Australian and NZ seems to be in reversal , says Philippa Mein Smith Mein Smith says neither country 's current prime minister will create a republic But she says the two countries ' positions differ , with NZ historically the more loyal Australians ' vote not to become a republic was in part due to distrust of politicians , she says
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- More than 100 people were killed and several dozen wounded when an overturned petrol tanker exploded in Kenya early Sunday , authorities said . The blast is the second multi-fatality incident in the east African country in four days . A supermarket fire in Nairobi on Wednesday killed at least 27 people , with another 57 still missing . The tanker explosion occurred near Molo , a small town in the Rift Valley Province -- about 130 kilometers  80 miles  from the capital , a spokesman for the Kenyan police said . The tanker overturned along a highway spilling gallons of gas which hundreds of residents rushed to scoop up , said Titus Mung ` ou of the Kenyan Red Cross . "  People were lining up trying to get the fuel , " he said . "  They were siphoning off petrol for over an hour . Some people had drilled holes in the tanker and were charging a fee for the assembled crowd . " The vehicle exploded about an hour later , apparently after one of the residents lit a cigarette or started a fire at the crash site , Mung ` ou said . Four policemen , who were trying to control the crowd , were believed to be among the victims , Mung ` ou said . Another 117 people were wounded in the blast , police said . The figures are expected to rise , officials said . The Red Cross sent more than 80 people to help with rescue efforts . Those who were seriously wounded were flown to a hospital in Nairobi . Meanwhile , the death toll from last week 's Nairobi supermarket fire rose to 27 on Sunday , the Red Cross said . Rescue workers found the latest victims as they searched through the rubble of the scorched structure in downtown Nairobi . The fire ignited Wednesday afternoon during a somewhat busy hour in the 24-hour Nakumatt supermarket . Police launched a criminal investigation to look into allegations that security guards locked people into the burning building . Employees of the supermarket refused to comment on the allegations . The fire angered Kenyans for what they perceived as a lack of disaster preparedness . Emergency numbers failed to work and water ran out during attempts to put out the fire , said Mung ` ou of the Kenyan Red Cross . "  There is the need to strengthen the capacity in handling fires , " Mung ` ou said .	Tanker explosion occurred near Molo , a small town in the Rift Valley Province Kenyan Red Cross : Residents rush to scoop up gas from overturned tanker Vehicle exploded an hour later after a resident lit a fire , Red Cross official says
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The American people need to know that American troops will not still be fighting in Afghanistan in 2025 , Pentagon chief Robert Gates said , but the United States ' relationship with that country will be a long-term one . Gates and Afghan President Hamid Karzai spoke after the two met Thursday . "  Americans will still be here after July 2011 , " the defense secretary said . "  The president has been very clear that that is the beginning of a process , and the pace will be determined by conditions on the ground in Afghanistan . " But , he said , "  the American people need to know we are not still going to be fighting this fight 15 years from now . " "  That said , the reality is we are looking at a long-term relationship with Afghanistan , and we have the confidence that the progress we are making jointly with our Afghan partners and our other allies will allow us to begin a transition to Afghan security control within the next year . " Karzai , he said , has indicated he believes his country will be ready to accept full security control in 2014 . "  We learned our lesson in turning our back on Afghanistan ion 1989 and we have no intention of doing it again , " he said , referring to the support the United States provided Afghans during their lengthy battle with Russian troops -- that disappeared when Russia withdrew . Gates ' visit came on the same day that a NATO airstrike killed 10 people in the country 's northeast . A provincial official said those killed were parliamentary campaign workers , but NATO and U.S. officials said the precision airstrike targeted a senior member of an insurgent group . NATO is investigating the incident . Karzai has issued pointed criticism at the coalition for civilian casualties during warfare , including this latest incident , which comes a little more than two weeks ahead of the parliamentary elections . "  The reports that we get so far are 10 killed and three wounded in this operation , " Karzai said in a joint appearance with Gates after their meeting . He added that a parliamentary candidate was wounded in the attack and that an investigation was under way . "  I have limited knowledge of the strike at this point , " Gates said . "  I believe I can confirm that a very senior official of the Islamic movement of Uzbekistan was the target and was killed . This was an individual who was responsible for organizing attacks here in Kabul and in northern Afghanistan . This is the first I heard that civilians may have been killed , and we will certainly look into that . " Gates ' trip comes a day after he visited Iraq , where he attended a change of command ceremony that marked the end of the U.S. combat mission there . Karzai defended his government 's decision to kick private security companies out of the country in four months . "  On the issue of the private security firms , the decision of the Afghan government is final and conclusive , " he said . "  The presence of security firms is not only adding to the problems of corruption in Afghanistan , the problems of lawlessness in Afghanistan and lots of other affectations ... but they 're also running a parallel structure to the Afghan government . We will not have an effective growth of Afghan security forces " with the private firms still operational . "  We can not sustain them any more in our country , and I 'm glad to say the U.S. backs this decision with us . " Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military man in Afghanistan , said initial approaches to some Taliban members as part of a reconciliation initiative have shown promise and could help in the effort to resolve the conflict there . Petraeus , who heads the U.S. and NATO-led forces in Afghanistan , spoke to reporters after greeting Gates , who arrived in the war-torn country Thursday to consult with political and military officials . Petraeus said there have already been approaches toward Taliban officials at senior levels that hold some promise . This comes amid discussions about reaching out to some Taliban members as part of a reconciliation process , but the military is n't envisioning peace talks with hard-liners . Petraeus also addressed a number of other issues , such as the community police plan , which he described as basically "  community watch with AK-47s , under a Ministry of Interior chain of command " so there are n't concerns about warlords or militias . "  This will not be Sons of Iraq in Afghanistan , " he said , referring to anti-al Qaeda Sunni groups in Iraq . He also said that since the departure earlier this summer of Gen. Stanley McChrystal -- who was forced to step down after he made controversial comments about members of the Obama administration in a magazine article -- there has been "  a change in personnel , not in overall concept " in the Afghan mission .	NEW : Gates says American troops will eventually leave Afghanistan NEW : Transition to Afghan security control will begin next year , he says NEW : Karzai says parliamentary candidate wounded in airstrike
CNN  -- A jury Friday acquitted W.R. Grace & Company and three of its former executives of having knowingly exposed mine workers and residents of Libby , Montana , to asbestos . The W.R. Grace plant in Libby , Montana , in an undated photograph . "  We at Grace are gratified by today 's verdict and thank the men and women of the jury who were open to hearing the facts , " said Fred Festa , chairman , president and CEO of the company in a written statement . "  We always believed that Grace and its former executives had acted properly and that a jury would come to the same conclusion when confronted with the evidence . " Festa said that during the time Grace owned and operated a vermiculite mine in Libby , "  the company worked hard to keep the operations in compliance with the laws and standards of the day . " The jury began deliberating Thursday and returned its verdict Friday morning . The Department of Justice 's response to the verdict , which came after a three-month trial , was measured . "  The jury has spoken , and we thank them for their service , " said a written statement issued by the office of public affairs . "  We are refraining from further comment at this juncture because one individual awaits trial in connection with this case . " Prosecutors plan to try another executive separately . Asked if the Justice Department plans to appeal , department spokesman Andrew Ames said , "  I would n't want to comment on that . " Federal prosecutors had accused the mining company and its executives of exposing Libby 's 100,000 residents to asbestos for decades , resulting in more than 200 deaths and 1,000 illnesses . The product covered patches of grass , dusted the tops of cars and drifted through the air in a hazy smoke that became a part of residents ' daily lives . "  There 's never been a case where so many people were sickened or killed by environmental crime , " said David Uhlmann in an April interview . He helped spearhead the case when he was the Justice Department 's top prosecutor of environmental crimes before stepping down in 2007 . During the trial , those who lost loved ones testified at the federal courthouse in Missoula , about 130 miles southeast of Libby , that residents had been kept in the dark about the dangers . Until 1990 , W.R. Grace & Company operated a mine in Libby that produced vermiculite , a substance used in all sorts of products , from insulation to fertilizers . The vermiculite was contaminated with tremolite asbestos -- linked to numerous illnesses including mesothelioma , a cancer that can attack the lining of the lungs , abdomen or heart . The government 's indictment alleged that W.R. Grace conspired to "  knowingly release " the asbestos . It said the company tried to hide the dangers from employees and residents , leaving them "  in imminent danger of death or serious bodily injury . " "  It was a purpose of the conspiracy to conceal and misrepresent the hazardous nature of the tremolite asbestos contaminated vermiculite , thereby enriching defendants and others , " the indictment read . The indictment also said W.R. Grace tried to "  defraud the United States and others by impairing , impeding , and frustrating " the Environmental Protection Agency and other government agencies once they launched an investigation in 1999 . The 10-count indictment included charges of wire fraud and obstruction of justice . Had it been convicted , the company could have faced criminal fines of up to $ 280 million , which is twice the value of its profits from the mine . Grace executives , who were named as defendants , could have faced prison time . The company did not deny that asbestos emanated from its plant . Nor did it question that some people had been sickened and killed , though a definitive number of deaths linked to the vermiculite plant probably will never be known . But W.R. Grace denied any kind of conspiracy . In fact , the company said , it acted responsibly and took appropriate steps . It said it had voluntarily paid millions of dollars in medical bills for 900 Libby residents . In the courtroom , defense attorneys noted that the asbestos problem dates back to about 1920 , long before W.R. Grace took over the mine in 1963 . The attorneys said that , as information about the asbestos came to light , the company took numerous steps to mitigate the dangers and were open about it . Defense attorney David Bernick said he was not surprised by the verdict . "  The evidence showed that what was going on internally with the company was anything but conspiratorial , " he told said . "  It was responsible . " However , some townspeople did not share Bernick 's view . "  I do n't see how they could have gotten out of it , " said Steven Schnetter , who worked at the mine for 17 years until it closed in 1990 . Shortly afterward , Schnetter was diagnosed with asbestosis , a lung disease caused by exposure to asbestos fibers . The 60-year-old retiree said he told his managers in the late 1980s that he was concerned to find that tremolite is a form of asbestos . "  They said , ` Oh , yeah , but it 's the short-fiber type that wo n't hurt you , ' " he said . Schnetter settled with the company for a "  small amount , " he told CNN Friday in a telephone interview . When asked about his frequent coughing , he said , "  I do that all the time . ... My lungs wo n't expand right . "	Jury acquits W.R. Grace , three former execs in asbestos exposure case Chemical company accused of hiding asbestos dangers from employees , residents Prosecutors claim pollution left 200 dead , more than 1,000 sick W.R. Grace claims it took steps to mitigate danger , paid residents ' medical bills
World-renowned chef , author and Emmy winning television personality Anthony Bourdain visits Tangier , Morocco in the next episode of "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown , " airing Sunday , May 12 , at 9 p.m. ET . Follow the show on Twitter and Facebook .	A tour of Morocco 10 things you may not have known about Morocco
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Dozens of gay and lesbian rights activists planning a parade in southwestern Moscow Saturday have been detained , Russia 's Interfax news agency reported . Gay and lesbian rights activists are detained in Moscow Saturday ahead of a planned march . The arrests included Nikolai Alexeyev , a prominent gay activist in Russia , and his associate Nikolai Bayev , Interfax said , adding that more people trickling into the location were being arrested without explanation . Officials of Moscow 's gay community had announced earlier plans to rally at Novopushkinsky Park in central Moscow , Interfax said . The arrests came ahead of Saturday night 's Eurovision Song Contest , which is being held in Moscow . The contest has a strong following among the gay and lesbian community . Watch police break up the march " Journalists from various countries gathered at the scene , as police barricaded the park with metal bars . Trucks with soldiers onboard were parked on nearby streets , Interfax said . UK gay human rights campaigner Peter Tatchell , in a statement on his Web site ahead of the march , said it was being held to coincide with the final of the Eurovision Song Contest . "  This parade is in defense of human rights . We are defending the often violated human rights of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender Russians . They want legal protection against discrimination and hate crimes . I support their cause . "  Not all Russians are homophobic , but many are . Gay Russians suffer queer-bashing attacks , blackmail , verbal abuse and discrimination in education , housing and employment . This shames the great Russian nation . " The Eurovision Song Contest , which began in 1956 , sees singers and groups from a short list of European nations perform a specially written song before telephone votes from each nation decide the winner . In western Europe , the contest is regard as a light entertainment spectacular , with a strong following among the gay and lesbian community . Many fans dress up , hold parties and gather round the TV to watch the three-hour-plus televised marathon . In recent years , however , eastern European nations , which take the contest much more seriously , have come to dominate . The contest is also known for its political edge , as nations either give zero points to traditional enemies -- or , if they are enjoying good relations , the maximum number of points , as a sign of friendship . The most famous winners of the contest were ABBA , who came to attention as the Swedish entry with "  Waterloo " in 1974 . In 1988 , Celine Dion won the contest while singing on behalf of Switzerland . The dance show Riverdance first came to attention as an interval act when the contest was held in Dublin , Ireland , in 1994 . The organizers of the contest estimate it is watched by 100 million people worldwide .	News agency : Police barricade park where demonstrators due to meet Arrests come ahead of the Eurovision Song Contest , being held in Moscow Saturday Most famous winners of the contest were ABBA , who came to attention in 1974 Contest is traditionally taken more seriously in eastern Europe
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama took to the Spanish-language network airwaves Monday to discuss challenges in educating Hispanics students . In a Univision-sponsored town hall meeting with Hispanic students and educators at Bell Multicultural High School in Washington , the president said to out-educate and out-innovate the global competition , the Latino community must play a key role in the future . "  Our workforce is going to be more diverse ; it is going to be , to a large percentage , Latino . And if our young people are not getting the kind of education they need , we wo n't succeed as a nation , " Obama said . With several students and parents asking questions about immigration and deportations , Obama said the answer would n't be overnight . He hoped the DREAM Act , which would give kids who have grown up in the United States an opportunity to earn citizenship despite their family 's immigration status , would be passed in the future . "  We did n't get it passed this time , but I do n't want young people to be giving up because if people in the past had given up , we probably would n't have women 's rights , we would n't have civil rights . So many changes that we 've made had to do with young people being willing to struggle and fight to make sure that their voices are heard , " said Obama . Carrie Cofer , an English teacher at Lincoln-West High School in Cleveland , says one challenge she faces with her Hispanic students is that they have n't been in the United States long enough to become proficient in English . Although they only read at the "  first-grade , or second-grade level , " Cofer and other teachers are supposed to teach them the material they will need to pass state-mandated tests in order to graduate from high school and possibly attend college . It does n't help that many of the students do n't speak English at home . "  They do n't have the skills because they do n't practice except in the classroom , " she said . Obama said that strong programs , including both bilingual education and immersion programs , are key to making sure bilingual students keep up with their studies while becoming fluent in English . He said that it 's up to both schools and parents . "  We have schools that do it very well ; there are some schools that do n't do it as well . We want to lift up those models that do it well , " the president said . "  And parents should be demanding and insisting that even if your child is not a native English speaker , there is no reason why they ca n't succeed in school , and schools have an obligation to make sure that those children are provided for . They have rights just like everybody else . " Latino students make up over 20 % of the pre-kindergarten-through-high-school students in the United States , Secretary of the Education Arne Duncan said in a conference call with reporters last week . "  These students face real and growing challenges that we have to address . " Duncan said that only about half of all Latino students earn their high school diploma on time , and only one in eight end up with a bachelor 's degree . The problems faced by Latinos in high school are unique , said Juan Sepulveda of the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics . "  We have a small percentage of the population that has a college degree , " said Sepulveda . "  Even if you throw in community college degrees , we only get up to 19 % . " Sepulveda said these students are often the first in their family to go to college , suggesting school officials need to target parents to make sure they understand what courses their children need to take to get into college and how student loans work . CNN 's Sally Holland contributed to this report .	Education secretary : Only about half of all Latino students earn high school diploma on time Only one in eight end up with a bachelor 's degree Many Hispanic students are n't proficient in English
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Nineteen people aboard a small plane were killed Sunday when it crashed while trying to land at the airport in Kathmandu , police in Nepal said . Among the occupants onboard were two Americans , officials said . The Beechcraft plane was returning from a sightseeing tour when it hit a mountain and broke into pieces about 12 kilometers  7 miles  from the airport , said police spokesman Binod Singh . It was carrying 16 passengers and three crew members . The crew members were Nepalese , as were three passengers . Ten other passengers were Indian nationals ; two were Americans and one was a Japanese national , officials said . "  We had already seen the plane approaching the airport when the accident happened , " said Purusottam Shakya , the chief of operations at Tribhuvan International Airport . In August , a plane headed to Mt. Everest on a sightseeing tour crashed , killing 14 people onboard . Among the victims were four Americans and a British national , officials said at the time .	NEW : Among the victims are two Americans and a Japanese national The plane was returning from a sightseeing tour , police say It hit a mountain and broke into pieces , a police spokesman says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese Super League club Shanghai Shenhua have pulled off an audacious transfer coup by signing former France international Nicolas Anelka from English team Chelsea . Images of the striker were splashed across the Shanghai team 's official website Monday , together with a statement saying the 32-year-old would be joining the club in January on a two-year contract . The move was later confirmed by Chelsea , who signed Anelka for  # 15 million in 2008 but accepted his transfer request with his current deal to expire at the end of this season . "  This is not only good for Shenhua but also beneficial for Chinese football , " club spokesperson Ma Yue told CNN . "  The joining of Anelka to Football Association Super League will promote the League 's brand for sure . " No details were given about how much the contract was worth , but a club official denied reports that Anelka 's weekly salary would be as high as  # 200,000  $ 312,000  . Anelka has rarely featured for Chelsea this season under new manager Andre Villas-Boas , and was almost certain to leave Stamford Bridge during European football 's January transfer window after asking to leave . The Versailles-born player , who became a Muslim in 2004 , has scored 59 goals in 184 games for the club . Having played for some of Europe 's top teams , including Spain 's Real Madrid and England 's Arsenal and Liverpool , Anelka 's transfers have so far totaled almost $ 133 million , making him one of the world 's most expensive players in those terms . However , his questionable attitude during his early career led to him being nicknamed "  Le Sulk " at Arsenal and being banned for 45 days at Real after refusing to train . In 2008 , Anelka moved to Chelsea in a  # 15 million deal from Bolton , where he resurrected his career after a short spell in Turkey with Fenerbahce . He helped the London club win the domestic championship in 2009-10 . Anelka 's international career came to a controversial halt during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , when he was sent home in disgrace after clashing with coach Raymond Domenech . He was given an 18-match ban after refusing to apologize , but said he had already decided to retire from the national team . Reports have also linked Shenhua with another veteran Chelsea striker , Didier Drogba -- a target of Chinese rivals Dalian Aerbin . Meanwhile , Shenhua owner Zhu Jun said last week that former France international Jean Tigana will become the club 's new coach , according to the Shanghai Daily website . "  Tigana should be in the city by the middle of this month . He had already made a one-year coaching plan for the team , " Zhu said . Shenhua finished 11th in the 16-team Chinese Super League this year , having been runners-up in 2005 , 2006 and 2008 . CNN 's Haolan Hong contributed to this report .	English Premier League side Chelsea confirm Nicolas Anelka will move to China Shanghai Shenhua earlier claimed to have signed Frenchman on a two-year deal Images of the 32-year-old were splashed across the Shanghai team 's official website The striker has rarely featured for Chelsea this season under manager Andre Villas-Boas
CNN  -- Obamacare is dying . The latest wound is largely self-inflicted . Medicaid and the new Obamacare exchanges are competing for the same young and healthy customers that Obamacare needs to survive -- and Medicaid 's winning . President Obama and the entire Democratic Party have nobody else but themselves to blame . In its hubris , the Democratic Party members assured the country again and again in 2009 and 2010 that it knew enough to be able to forcibly reorganize one-sixth of the American economy without causing millions to lose their current health insurance coverage , without triggering skyrocketing costs and without causing a host of terrible unintended consequences . The problem is that it is impossible . The information that would be required to competently manage America 's health care economy is too vast , complex and dispersed throughout the economy and among millions of people . It is impossible for anyone to know or control . And repeated assurances by Obama and virtually every Democrat that it was possible are the greatest lie perpetrated by the supporters of Obamacare . Consider the latest illustration of this destructive hubris of the Democratic Party . To make Obamacare work , the White House needs to attract 2.7 million Americans under the age of 35 , out of 7 million uninsured , into the new Affordable Care Act health insurance exchanges next year -- the young invincibles most averse to buying insurance in the first place . If the young do n't sign up in big numbers , the cost of insurance premiums and government subsidies balloons to pay the expense of taking care of older , sicker enrollees . An actuarial death spiral begins , with increasing costs leading to fewer and fewer young people signing up and making the problem worse and worse until the insurance companies can no longer afford to manage the program and exit the market . But what the architects of Obamacare apparently failed to take into account is that many young people are also eligible for Medicaid and will enroll in that government program instead , in the 25 states that have agreed to expand Medicaid . According to a study by the Kaiser Family Foundation , more than half of the total uninsured population qualified for Medicaid since they earn less than 138 % of the federal poverty level in the states that have expanded Medicaid . Since income grows with education and experience , the younger these uninsured are , the more likely they are to qualify for Medicaid because they are also poorer . And since Medicaid is free for these young people , that means no premiums are going to the insurance companies to subsidize the older enrollees . The other challenge in signing up young people is that the Obamacare law also made it possible for young people to stay on their parents ' plan until the age of 26 , further reducing the pool of the eligible young who can subsidize the old and sick . Only 21 % of the uninsured population are in the target age bracket of 26 to 34 . This has set up an enrollment battle between Medicaid and the new insurance exchanges for this same pool of customers . Early evidence from Connecticut , Maryland , Washington and Kentucky suggests that the young who do sign up are enrolling overwhelmingly in Medicaid . According to an article in the Connecticut Mirror , figures released in October showed that most of the young enrollees were signing up for Medicaid . Data from Kentucky tell the story ; 47,966 residents enrolled via the exchanges , but only 8,780 signed up for insurance . The remaining 82 % went to Medicaid . Worse still , only 19 % of the Kentuckians who bought insurance were between 18 and 34 years of age . In the Bluegrass State , eight times as many of the young cohort enrolled in Medicaid as insurance plans . If these trends hold up , Obamacare 's exchanges will implode financially . Instead , we need a "  breakout . " Technology and the entrepreneurial spirit of Americans have the capability to deliver better health care at lower cost for all Americans . We need to replace Obamacare with reforms designed to allow us to live longer , happier and healthier lives far into the future . It all starts with an honest recognition that a one-size-fits-all model of health care can not work in a country as large and diverse as ours . We need reforms tailored for individuals who can choose what is best for them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Newt Gingrich .	Newt Gingrich : Medicaid and Obamacare exchanges compete for the young Gingrich : U.S. health care is too vast and complex for one-size-fits-all program He says the young must sign up to offset the cost of older , sicker enrollees Gingrich : Technology , entrepreneurial spirit could deliver better health care
CNN  -- He smiles . He stares . He sits without apparent expression . Who is he ? That 's the question historians are trying to answer after a collection surfaced of some 450 photo booth portraits , taken of the same man over what appears to be decades . No one knows who he is or why he made , and kept , the photographs . "  Not knowing is very mysterious . It 's like an abstract painting . You 're going to fill in the blanks yourself . You bring to it what you know , and if we do n't know anything , we sort of make up a story , " said Donald Lokuta , a photography historian and owner of the collection . The photographs are being shown as part of "  Striking Resemblance : The Changing Art of Portraiture , " an exhibition on display through July at Zimmerli Art Museum at Rutgers University in New Brunswick , New Jersey . Lokuta bought the prints a year or two ago at an antiques show in New York . He was immediately drawn to the images and to the mystery behind them . The photographs were taken in a Photomatic photo booth . They are small . Most have metal frames , though some of the later ones have either cardboard or plastic frames . Lokuta guesses the photographs were made over a roughly 30-year period , starting in the 1930s . He speculates on why the man made so many and talks about the prints ' appeal . "  He was either hooked on self-portraits and kind of wanted to see himself in a photograph constantly , or he worked for the company maintaining the machine , " said Lokuta . The theory that he worked in maintenance for the photo booth company mirrors the plot of the French film "  Amelie , " as CNN.com readers have noted . "  It 's the same guy , and he 's getting a little older , and a little older and a little older . Then his hair is messed up , then his hair is neat . Then he 's smiling a little bit , then he 's not smiling . Then he 's wearing a winter jacket , then he 's wearing a sports jacket , " Lokuta said . "  It 's just so familiar . It 's like looking at yourself in the mirror every morning . " A potential lead After purchasing the photographs , Lokuta got curious about where they might have come from . He got in touch with Nakki Goranin , author of "  American Photobooth . " Besides being a wealth of knowledge about that particular chapter of U.S. history , Goranin owns some images of the same man . Turns out , the people who sold Lokuta the collection had previously sold a few of the photographs on eBay . Goranin bought those prints , which stand out because unlike the 445 that Lokuta has , Goranin 's photographs show the man with children . She tracked down the sellers , who told her the photographs came from an auction in Michigan . "  I have a strong suspicion who the gentleman is , " said Goranin , "  but I 'm not 100 % sure . " She declined to give the name of the man she thinks appears in the photographs until she can do more research . Selfies show ` ongoing portrait ' Zimmerli curator Donna Gustafson believes that having a story to go along with the man 's face would be interesting . "  Having a name to attach to the face would maybe in a way close the book on it , but on the other hand , might open a new book or a new chapter , " she said . Gustafson and Lokuta are friends . She knew as soon as he showed her the photographs she wanted them for her portraiture exhibition . Gustafson says she does n't really have a favorite from the collection . "  What I love the most is how all of them sort of blend into an ongoing portrait of someone over time , " she said . Gustafson also loves the mystery . "  We just really do n't know much about the man except that he seems to have enjoyed having his photo -- his selfie -- done , and he saved them all , " she said . "  He seems like such an average guy , but this clearly sort of catapults him out of average into really interesting because why would he do this ? And how is it possible that we have 445 pictures of a man and we know nothing about him ? "	A collection of some 450 photo booth portraits are on display at Rutgers University The images show the same man over what appears to be decades No one knows who he is or why he made the photographs "  It 's like looking at yourself in the mirror every morning , " says the man who owns the prints
CNN  -- She had come alone to the Richmond High School homecoming dance , gorgeous in a sparkling purple dress and faux diamond baubles . The DJ played salsa , meringue , rap . When the teenager disappeared , her friends thought she had gone home early . Except she never said goodbye . "  We were going to go look for her , " said Kami Baker , 16 , a junior at the school . The next day , Baker learned the ugly truth about what had happened to her friend . According to police , she had been gang raped and beaten for almost 2 1/2 hours and left unconscious under a bench shortly before midnight Saturday night . "  I busted up crying , " Baker said . The campus incident in the Bay Area city north of Oakland has shaken students and their families . Baker was one of many people connected to the school and the community who lashed out at officials at a public safety hearing Wednesday . Baker blamed school district officials for not doing enough to protect her school -- and her friend . She said none of the four officers who were at the homecoming dance was patrolling the school premises even though there were a dozen young men hanging out just a few feet from the gym entrance . She says school officials chose not to take any action . "  I looked outside of the gym and I saw 12 to 15 guys , sitting there , with no IDs , " Baker said at the hearing . "  The officers -- not only did they not check the IDs of those students or men sitting outside of of our campus , but the security officers who are employed here did no ... checking either . The assistant principal looked outside and actually saw those men , and did nothing about it . " Baker took the podium with her younger sister , Barbie , a freshman at the school , who had spent a chunk of Saturday evening with the rape victim . "  This story has disrupted the school 's morale greatly , including my own . I am friends with the girl , " Baker said . "  When I started here , I felt extremely unsafe and so did she , due to the lack of police officers and security officers . " Baker later described the 15-year-old girl as a churchgoer who struggled to fit in at Richmond High . Four teenagers were arraigned Thursday on charges connected to the incident . Cody Ray Smith , described by the court as over 14 years old , pleaded not guilty to charges of rape with a foreign object and rape by force . Two other juveniles , Ari Abdallah Morales and Marcelles James Peter , appeared together with Smith at the Contra Costa County Superior Court , but did not enter a plea . The court described Morales as under 16 , and did not give an age for Peter . All three juveniles , who wore bulletproof vests at the hearing , were charged as adults . A fourth individual , Manuel Ortega , 19 , appeared separately without an attorney and did not enter a plea . He did not wear a protective vest . Another adult who was arrested has a different court date . As many as 10 people were involved in the assault in a dimly lit back alley at the school , police have said . Another 10 people watched , without calling 911 , police said . The victim was released from a hospital Wednesday , police said .	NEW : Cody Smith , Ari Morales , Marcelles Peter , Manuel Ortega appear in court Kami Baker , a junior at Richmond High , describes night of homecoming dance Baker said she was a friend of gang rape victim , says they did n't feel safe at school Baker says 15-year-old victim is a churchgoer who struggled to fit in
London  CNN  -- "  If you want to experience the essence of a foreign destination on a short visit , " says Elyse Pasquale , "  then nothing beats sampling the local food . " She should know . The American journalist and food-blogger is speaking at the end of a journey that has seen her traverse Belgium , Holland , France and the UK in under 24 hours . This whistle-stop European tour is part of Pasquale 's Foodie International mission to consume 100 unique meals in 100 countries . So far she has eaten in a grand total of 62 different nations and visited all corners of the globe , from India to Ireland and Mozambique to Mexico . "  Food is an entirely sensory experience . You can touch it , you can smell it , you can taste it . What better way is there to learn about a place you 've never been before , " she asks . See also : Celebrity chefs create mile-high menus Pasquale has sampled delights as diverse as raw cod fish sperm sacs in Tokyo , reindeer carpaccio in Oslo and fried scorpion in Beijing . And along her culinary way she has worked out how to make the most of interesting locales on a tight schedule , a scenario that will be familiar to many a business traveler . "  I use social media a lot when I travel . I use it to connect with locals and get recommendations . I find it more effective than guidebooks because things can often go out of date quickly . " "  For example I was in recently in Georgia so I reached out on Twitter about places to go in Tbilisi . A wine reporter in Germany got back and recommended a friends wine bar . " Being able to go out and enjoy the best activities and places to eat is all the easier with a little forward planning , Pasquale says . Social media is a fantastic aid for this but a lot of the time nothing beats the pleasant surprises that arise from chatting to the locals and following your gut , she adds . "  When you are traveling for a limited amount of time , go to a local coffee shop and talk to the bartender , talk to the taxi drivers . " "  You have to put yourself out there . You can learn about their words for different types of food and drink . I like to say that I can say ` can I have a beer please ' in every language . " "  I asked for a beer once in Bratislava and they freaked out because they thought I spoke Slovakian . It was a great ice breaker and people should n't be afraid to look stupid . " See also : Flying chefs serve up fine dining in the sky But inherent with such adventurous , free-spirited tactics lurk some obvious dangers . Namely , remaining safe in unfamiliar environments and ensuring nothing gastronomically upsetting is consumed . As any road warrior will testify , such misfortunes are hard to plan for and can end up eating into precious business or recreational time . "  As a woman traveling alone , I find myself constantly on guard , much more so than if I were a man , or traveling in a group , " Pasquale explains . As far as ensuring dietary discipline meanwhile , she employs a thorough checklist which has hitherto kept her on the straight and narrow . "  I have a three step process , " she advises . "  I eat a lot of spicy foods . This is a preventative thing to kill germs and is something I really believe works . " "  I drink alcohol . I 'll have a beer , wine or even the local moonshine like grappa or ouzo depending on where you are . It can be really powerful but it kills the germs . " "  The other thing I do is eat lots of local yoghurt . Yoghurt is full of good bacteria . So you 're consuming local bacteria and I find that that 's the best . " See also : Seven ways to go local when traveling But while vigilance and discipline is essential in these matters , Pasquale is clear they should n't dominate perceptions or subtract from the joys of travel . Going to far flung places and not taking advantage of all the great foods and cultural activities on offer would be too much of a waste to consider , she says . "  When you get to where you 're going , you just have to be open and remember that 's what most expensive is n't always best . " "  I 've had some expensive meals that I could n't care less about . But there are so many times when I have total food freak-outs , generally yelling to the stranger next to me , ` I 've never had this before , and I love it . ' " "  It 's these little things along with meeting the people along the way that make traveling so great . "	Elyse Pasquale is an American journalist and food blogger on a culinary adventure She plans to sample 100 weird and wonderful meals in 100 countries So far Pasquale has tried reindeer carpaccio , fried scorpion and raw cod fish sperm sacs
CNN  -- A snow-covered landscape is one of the classic images showcasing the beauty of weather on Earth . We are awed by the grandeur of white-capped mountains and the almost magical quality of snow-covered trees . We are also frustrated when the tempests of winter reach far and wide , striking as they have done this year in America 's southern states . When it comes to forecasting the likelihood of a blizzard , the weather anchors know what to say . But when asked to predict how much snow will actually accumulate , they will give estimates . Why ? The computer models used in weather forecasting do not actually predict snow . A single variable is used to predict water in its various forms -- liquid , vapor or ice -- so we need other information , such as air temperature , to decide whether snowfall is likely . Models forecast the amount of liquid water produced when air rises above the height at which water vapor begins to condense . This is commonly known as the Quantitative Precipitation Forecast  QPF  . While QPFs are an important ingredient when it comes to predicting snow , there are many other very subtle factors that can easily tip the balance in favor of rain , or make it very difficult to distinguish between different types of snow . If temperatures are low enough to allow precipitation to fall as snow , then the forecasters need some way to convert the QPF to an equivalent snowfall . The ratio that we use to calculate the liquid water to snow equivalent is around 1 to 10 . That is , if the QPF predicts 1 inch of rain , we can anticipate the amount of snow produced would be 10 inches . Unfortunately , life 's not always that simple . The liquid water to snow ratio can vary depending on whether the snow is "  wet " or "  dry . " Dry snow is the term used to describe small powdery flakes , and it forms when there is very little moisture available . Under these circumstances , the rain to snow ratio can be considerably higher , with values of 1 to 20 not uncommon . On the other hand , if there is abundant moisture and the snowflakes are larger and wetter , a ratio of 1 to 5 may be typical . Therefore we need to have a very accurate forecast of the levels of moisture in the atmosphere , together with the variation of temperature with altitude , to even get off on the right foot when it comes to predicting snowfall . Our forecast models represent a snapshot of the weather at any moment in time by using huge arrays of numbers to describe states of the atmosphere . These numbers represent basic variables such as moisture and temperature . Calculating how these many millions of "  weather pixels " will change requires superfast computation and large amounts of memory . The inevitable limitations on available computer power and data storage force a trade-off between the geographical coverage of models and the detail that we can expect from them . This trade-off can be critical when it comes to calculating reliable QPFs . Forecasters often have to resort to methods they learned at college , involving dew points , temperature soundings from meteorological balloon ascents and real-time reports from weather stations to assess the impact of a snow storm . The bottom line is that snow -- one of our most loved , and occasionally loathed , features of weather -- is real tough to forecast well . We may be able to capture the beauty of Mother Nature with high resolution digital images , but capturing the physics behind the snowfall in our sophisticated weather prediction models is much more challenging . Making the final call comes down to "  seat of the pants " knowledge in the end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ian Roulstone .	Ice and snow storms are crippling some states in the Southeast Ian Roulstone : Predicting how much snow will actually accumulate is difficult He says the physics of snowfall is complex , involving factors like temperature , moisture Roulstone : Making the final call comes down to "  seat of the pants " knowledge in the end
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The new chief of Pakistan 's spy agency will urge the United States to end drone strikes on Pakistani soil and identify targets that the country 's security forces can then attack , a senior intelligence official said . Lt. Gen. Zahirul Islam will deliver the message during a meeting with the head of the CIA on August 2 , said the Pakistani intelligence official , who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . "  You  the U.S.  develop a target and let us hit it , " Islam will tell CIA Director David Petraeus , the official said . "  It would be ideal if the U.S. provides drone technology to Pakistan . " Islam 's call will continue an ongoing refrain from Pakistan about the CIA 's controversial drone program . Pakistani officials and lawmakers have demanded an immediate end to the drone strikes , saying they have led to civilian deaths . In keeping with its general policy , the CIA would not comment on meetings between the director and senior officials from other states , including whether the Pakistani intelligence chief was coming to Washington . But a U.S. official , who spoke on condition of anonymity when discussing intelligence matters , said the United States "  supports the Pakistanis taking more responsibility for ridding the tribal areas of al Qaeda and its militant allies . " "  The Pakistanis clearly have had , and will have , opportunities to show they are serious about taking actions with a practical effect on rooting out terrorists , " the official said , adding there were "  several actions " Pakistan could take to get rid of al Qaeda , the Pakistani arm of the Taliban and the Haqqani network -- a Pakistan-based militant group blamed for numerous attacks on U.S. and allied forces in Afghanistan . Read more : Suspected drone attack kills 12 In a rare public statement earlier this year , President Barack Obama 's administration defended the use of unmanned drones to target suspected terrorists . John Brennan , the president 's top counterterrorism adviser , said the strikes are conducted "  in full accordance with the law . " Opinion : Civilian casualties plummet in drone strikes The program uses unmanned aerial vehicles , often equipped with Hellfire missiles , to target suspected terrorists in remote locations overseas , with many such strikes occurring in Yemen and Pakistan . The intelligence official said Pakistan 's military is already operating in areas where the United States has conducted drone strikes . The Pakistani military carried out 61 operations in North Waziristan since January , he said . North Waziristan , one of the seven districts of Pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering Afghanistan , is widely considered the stronghold of the Haqqani network . Read more : What 's working in Pakistan CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. official says Pakistan could take "  several steps " against extremists The ISI chief will ask that Pakistan be allowed to conduct strikes "  You  the U.S.  develop a target and let us hit it , " he will say Pakistan has been critical of the drone program
CNN  Residents in portions of New Mexico and Texas were dealing Thursday with a rare winter storm . More than a foot of snow had fallen just south of Amarillo in the Texas Panhandle . The National Weather Service says Amarillo recorded its 11th snowiest day on record , dating back to 1892 . El Paso , Texas , and Las Cruces , New Mexico , accustomed to only a wintry dusting , were seeing more than their usual share of the white stuff . On Thursday , snow continued to fall in eastern New Mexico and El Paso , where several road closures and school closures were announced . The Texas Department of Transportation was warning motorists to stay off the roads and watch for black ice on roadways in the El Paso area . New Mexico State Police tweeted several road closures and crashes due to "  whiteout conditions . " Notably , Interstate 10 westbound was closed in Las Cruces , where up to 5 inches of snow was recorded by midday . Up to a foot of snow fell east of Raton , New Mexico , in the town of Folsom , said the National Weather Service . New Mexico resident Danielle Rodeheaver posted photos on Twitter saying , "  I was told when I moved to Las Cruces it 's rare that it snows and now I have a snow day . " White Sands Missile Range , a testing facility for the U.S. Army south of Albuquerque , was "  closed today due to inclement weather , " according to a post on its Facebook page . The snow continued to fall heavily as winter storm warnings continued for most of the region . Forecasters are predicting between 1 to 4 inches , with amounts of up to 7 inches in the Guadalupe and Davis mountains in west Texas through Friday morning . CNN 's Sam Stringer contributed to this report .	Road and school closures across two states U.S. Army missile range in New Mexico closes More snow is expected into Friday
CNN  -- It 's probably the furthest thing from Hugh Hefner 's idea of a sexy hotel room , or a "  Fifty Shades of Grey " weekend getaway , but a white , bright , mother-of-pearl-themed hotel room in London has won an award for world 's sexiest bedroom . The Corfu Suite at the Blakes Hotel in London took the top spot for its "  sumptuous decor , " "  a bed you ca n't leave " and "  an element of intrigue . " And no , the judges were n't the prude , prim types -- they included burlesque star Immodesty Blaze , fashion blogger Garance Dor  and the president of luxury lingerie brand Kiki de Montparnasse . Runners-up were the "  fantasy cocoon " at the Ca Maria Adele hotel in Venice , and rooms at Secret Bay resort in Dominica . More categories The Sexiest Bedroom in the World was just one of the categories in the Smith Hotel Awards announced last week . To celebrate their 10th anniversary , travel publisher and boutique hotel booking service Mr & Mrs Smith asked travelers around the world to vote for their favorite boutique and small luxury hotels . More than 47,000 people voted , and panels of judges chose the winner and the two runners-up from each category 's shortlist . To read about the winners and runners up in more detail , check out the Smith Hotel Awards website . Category winners Sexiest Bedroom : Blakes Hotel , London Best-Dressed Hotel  interior styling  : Alila Villas Uluwatu , Bali , Indonesia Hottest Hotel Bar : Ace Hotel , New York Best Hotel Restaurant : La Bastide de Moustiers , Provence , France Best Spa Hotel : Como Shambhala Estate , Bali The Eco Award : Sextantio Albergo Diffuso , L'Aquila , Italy Best for Families : Soneva Kiri , Koh Kood , Thailand Best Budget Hotel : Brody House , Budapest , Hungary The Greatest Outdoors : Dunton Hot Springs , San Juan Mountains , Colorado Above and Beyond : The Upper House , Hong Kong Best Newcomer : Fogo Island Inn , Newfoundland , Canada Best Smith Hotel 2013 : Post Ranch Inn , Big Sur , California	Travel publisher Mr & Mrs Smith announced Smith Hotel Awards winners Corfu Suite at the Blakes Hotel took top spot for world 's sexiest hotel bedroom Ace Hotel in New York is hottest hotel bar Best new hotel is in Newfoundland , Canada
CNN  -- It looks like there will not be a shortage of iPhone 5s this holiday season , with plenty of the devices for all carriers in stock at stores around the U.S. Analyst Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray said in a note to investors Thursday that Apple Stores have enough phones physically in stock that "  consumers can walk into an Apple Store and walk out with a phone . " The iPhone 5 went on sale September 14 , selling 5 million units over its first weekend . The device has been plagued by rumors of supply chain problems since then . There were labor strikes at the Foxconn plant where the phones are manufactured , and Foxconn chairman Terry Gou said the devices were not easy to make and that , "  We are falling short of meeting the huge demand . " If Munster 's conclusions are correct , Apple and its supply chain partners have overcome those problems in time for the December rush . Munster conducted a survey of 20 Apple Stores to check on their stocks of Verizon , Sprint and AT&T iPhone 5s , and AppleInsider said it confirmed the availability with local Apple Stores . Earlier in the month , Piper Jaffray called 70 Apple Stores and concluded that there were lower supplies of AT&T and Verizon iPhone 5s , though Sprint models were increasingly available . The firm also conducted a poll earlier this month and found that demand for the device was strong in the U.S. , with 55 % of people planning to buy a smartphone choosing an iPhone 5 over rival devices . Apple is n't the only smartphone manufacturer to struggle with supplies recently . Google 's Nexus 4 Android handset sold out in one day when it went on sale November 13 in Australia , the UK and United States . But on Tuesday , the company announced a new wave of devices were in stock and available for purchase . Google is not releasing sales numbers for the Nexus 4 . Samsung 's Galaxy S III has also been selling fast across the U.S. . According to Strategy Analytics , the Galaxy S III was the top selling smartphone in the world in the third quarter of 2012 , knocking the iPhone out of the top spot for the first time in years . The iPhone 5 was n't yet on sale , so the race for top smartphone of 2013 is still up in the air .	Apple Stores have healthy supplies of iPhone 5s , analysts say There was concern that supply chain issues would mean a shortage Competing devices from Google , Samsung also in high demand for holidays
An Egyptian court sentenced several dozen workers for non-governmental organizations , including Americans , to jail Tuesday in a case that has infuriated the U.S. government and democratic activists around the world . The workers were accused of having illegal foreign funding . They denied any wrongdoing . All but one of the Americans were sentenced in absentia , having left the country after posting $ 132,000 each in bail money . In all , 43 NGO workers , including several Americans and other foreigners , were charged . The court sentenced 27 NGO workers in absentia to five-year sentences ; 11 defendants to one-year suspended jail sentences ; and five others to two-year sentences that were not suspended , the state-run Al Ahram newspaper reported . The court also ordered the closure of five NGOs -- the U.S.-based Freedom House , the International Democratic Institute , the National Democratic Institute , the International Center for Journalists and Germany 's Konrad Adenauer Foundation -- and confiscation of their funds . "  Freedom House condemns in the strongest possible terms the conviction of 43 NGO workers , including six currently with Freedom House and a former staff member , after a government-led witch-hunt intended to strangle civil society activity and limit free expression in post-revolutionary Egypt , " the agency said in a prepared statement . Robert Becker of the National Democratic Institute was the only American who stayed behind to fight the charges , along with one German and 13 Egyptians , he said . It was not immediately clear which sentence he was given . "  Thank you everyone for the kind words . Reviewing my legal/appeals options with lawyers , " he tweeted , adding that he is maintaining his innocence "  on charges of starting NGO six years before I actually arrived in Egypt . " On Monday , he wrote on his blog that if "  evidence matters in an Egyptian court , tomorrow 's verdict will be not guilty . " But , he added , "  this case has been political from the very beginning ; so guilty is also real possibility , despite the lack of evidence . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the United States is "  deeply concerned " about the result of "  a politically-motivated trial . " "  This decision runs contrary to the universal principle of freedom of association and is incompatible with the transition to democracy , " he said in a statement . "  Moreover , the decision to close these organizations ' offices and seize their assets contradicts the government of Egypt 's commitments to support the role of civil society as a fundamental actor in a democracy and contributor to development , especially at this critical stage in the Egyptian people 's democratic transition . " He called on Egypt to "  work with civic groups as they respond to the Egyptian people 's aspirations for democracy as guaranteed in Egypt 's new constitution . " Yehia Ghanem , an Egyptian who worked for the International Center for Journalists -- an American NGO -- received two years in jail and vowed to appeal . "  For me and everyone it was clear the prosecution failed to produce a shred of evidence on all the allegations , " he said in a statement Tuesday . "  We were planning on a training course for journalists but we never even had the chance to launch it , " he said . "  So it 's amazing to be tried on something that never even happened -- it 's a trial on intentions . We did n't even have a chance to do anything from our good intentions . " Egyptian officials said the NGOs ' work contributed to international interference that was stoking continued protests against the government . In December 2011 , authorities raided the offices of 10 NGOs . The general prosecutor 's office said the raids were part of an investigation into allegations that the groups received illegal foreign financing and were operating without proper licenses . The case sparked a crisis in relations between the United States and Egypt . The U.S. State Department called the charges "  politically motivated . " One of the Americans charged and sentenced in absentia is Sam LaHood , the country director of the International Republican Institute and the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . Human Rights Watch called on Egypt last year to drop the charges against the NGO workers , calling the case "  a politicized saga . " And the organization Human Rights First said it was "  disturbed . " "  This prosecution had a chilling effect on the work of independent human rights and democracy promotion organizations in Egypt , " said Brian Dooley , director of the organization 's defenders program . "  The fact that the court issued convictions in the case means that independent NGOs that wish to work in Egypt must do so under the threat of prosecution for exercising their basic human rights . "	Kerry : The U.S. is "  deeply concerned " about the result of "  a politically-motivated trial " Becker , the one American who stayed to face charges , says he 's reviewing appeal options Prosecution "  had a chilling effect " on human rights groups , activist says In all , 43 NGO workers , including several Americans , were charged
CNN  -- Belgium set a date with the U.S. in the last 16 of the World Cup as the curtain fell on the gripping group stages in Brazil , while Algeria celebrated a historic first . Thursday 's 1-0 victory over South Korea was more than enough for the unbeaten Belgians to advance from Group H as winners , despite having a man sent off . As their red and yellow clad fans celebrated in Sao Paulo , there were similar scenes of jubilation in Curitiba . Algeria made history in Brazil , reaching the knockout stages of the global tournament for the first time at the expense of Russia . "  Les Fennecs " -- the Desert Foxes -- will need all their wiles as they face the might of Germany next . Germany had consigned the U.S. to a 1-0 defeat in Thursday 's earlier matches but Team USA escaped from a grueling Group G -- which also featured Ghana and Portugal -- on goal difference . Belgium might think themselves lucky to march into the knockout stages with their unbeaten record intact after being forced to play more than half the match with 10 men . Steven Defour was sent off for a rash studs-up challenge on the cusp of halftime and South Korea sniffed blood , pressing forward after the break . But if the statistics tell us anything about Belgium , it is never count them out . Breaking upfield , defender Jan Vertonghen picked up the rebound of Divock Origi 's fizzing effort to break the deadlock after 77 minutes . Belgium 's last six World Cup goals have been scored in the last 20 minutes of the match . Team USA better be prepared for a lively finish when the two sides meet next Tuesday in Salvador . Algeria had arrived in Sao Paulo buoyant from a 4-2 victory over South Korea -- the North African country 's first World Cup win in 32 years . When Russia took an early lead in the must-win showdown , a fairytale ending for Vahid Halilhodzic 's side had seemed a remote possibility . Aleksandr Kokorin , who is nicknamed "  Bieber " because of his youthful similarity to the Canadian pop star , was soon on song . He rose brilliantly to power home Dmitry Kombarov 's cross after just six minutes and from there Russia looked intent on protecting the lead . But Algeria , cheered on by the undiminished enthusiasm of their fans , were not done yet . When a free-kick was swung into the box , the Russian defense rocked and Islam Slimani headed into an open goal with 60 minutes on the clock -- his second goal in as many games . The draw was enough for Algeria to join Nigeria as the second African side in the last 16 . Meanwhile , Russia will be hoping to find answers before hosting the next World Cup in 2018 . After failing to qualify for the 2006 and 2010 editions of the global football fiesta , the Russians have now fallen at the first hurdle in 1994 , 2002 and 2014 . The remaining 16 nations in the World Cup will enjoy a rest day Friday before the footballing fever gets even hotter on Saturday . Hosts Brazil face a tricky Chile side for a place in the quarterfinals while Colombia take on Uruguay , now rendered rather toothless by the ban for biting striker Luis Suarez . The controversial Liverpool player is not the only star name to take an early flight from Brazil . Portugal star Cristiano Ronaldo , Spain 's defending champions and 2006 winners Italy were among the big guns saying adeus from Brazil .	Belgium set up last 16 date with the U.S. at 2014 World Cup in Brazil A solitary goal by Belgian defender Jan Vertonghen seals 1-0 win over South Korea Algeria reach the knockout stages of the World Cup for the first time in their history A late equalizer for Slimani sees Algeria advance as the expense of Russia
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has done the right thing by asking Congress to authorize the use of force against Syria to punish President Bashar al-Assad for using chemical weapons on his own people . I say that even as someone who has been a sharp critic of the administration 's Syria policy and an outspoken advocate of intervening in various ways to try to protect the millions of innocent Syrians whose lives are at risk , prevent the conflict from destabilizing the region and support members of the Syrian opposition who share our values . The president , as he announced in May , is trying to steer this nation back to a world in which we are not permanently at war and we do not turn to our military as the weapon of first resort in any international crisis . The Framers of our Constitution wanted to ensure that the decision to send our young men and women into battle could not be taken lightly . Both Democratic and Republican presidents have steadily chafed at those restraints over the course of the decades since World War II as traditional wars and formal declarations of war have faded away . George W. Bush 's proclamation of a "  war on terror , " authorized by Congress , put this nation in a state of permanent emergency in which the commander in chief has had extraordinary powers . Opinion : GOP should n't bail out Obama 's floundering foreign policy That is unhealthy and dangerous for a democracy . A former constitutional law professor , Obama understands that although he has a limited reserve of power that could allow him to act alone , his power will be far greater with Congress . The constitutional framework is designed be a check in the best sense -- to require our leaders to make their case to the American people , to act on the basis of reasoned arguments about the nature of American interests that will stand up far beyond the White House Situation Room . And the American people should back him on this decision , for three reasons . First , we are protecting ourselves and our allies . We can not afford to live in a world in which nations can use chemical weapons with impunity . The taboo against chemical weapons is particularly strong , for good reason . Dying by the breath we need to live holds a particular terror . The parents of the children whose shrouds we see could not protect them even with their own bodies , like human shields from a bullet or a bomb . The United States stood by when Iraq used chemical weapons first against Iran and later against its own people , to our shame . But we must not make that mistake again . Chemical weapons are the weapons of the weak against the strong , which is why al-Assad , has been driven to use them repeatedly , according to U.S. intelligence , when his back is against the wall , as it is now in Damascus . Should chemical weapons proliferate , they will be the weapons of choice for terrorists . Opinion : Obama , ignore the polls on Syria Second , striking Syria now will be a strike to protect the Syrian people , even if partial and belated . It will not end the massacres carried out with conventional weapons . But weapons of mass destruction are just that : weapons of mass destruction . A chemical attack that kills 1,000 today can kill 10,000 tomorrow and 100,000 the day after that . Third , the president is asking us to do , as a nation , what a leader has to do . In his 2008 inaugural address , Obama called for a new era of responsibility in this country , "  a recognition ... that we have duties to ourselves , our nation and the world . " We have those duties not because the United States has some unique role or mission in the world , but because we are the world 's most powerful nation . Other nations take their cues from our action or inaction , whether we want them to or not . If we do not act , we are signaling that the world has suddenly become a far more permissive and dangerous place , that taboos can be broken , and that despite the pious words of the international community , leaders can do whatever they like within their own borders . If we lead , other nations that take their responsibilities seriously as great powers will join us . A Russian veto may prevent the U.N. Security Council from authorizing our action in advance , but a majority of the members of the council will not vote to condemn the strikes after the fact . It is now time for Congress to step up to its responsibility . The bargaining has already begun . But the use of force after the use of chemical weapons , with the world watching , is no place for partisan politics as usual . Opinion : Obama 's irony , McCain 's agony Unless a clear majority of Congress opposes any action , it is incumbent on all those members who favor some use of force to craft a compromise that gives Obama the power to use both force and diplomacy as president and commander in chief to restore the chemical taboo and do whatever he can to reach a political settlement in Syria . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anne-Marie Slaughter .	Anne-Marie Slaughter : Obama right to go to Congress about using force in Syria Slaughter : A world in which nations use chemical weapons with impunity is too dangerous She says striking Syria now will be a strike to protect the Syrian people , even if belated Slaughter : It 's time for Congress to step up to its responsibility and support Obama
Mutare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- After weeks of negotiations with the government , CNN 's Marketplace Africa show has been granted access to the controversial Marange diamond fields in eastern Zimbabwe . Some experts believe that Marange is the largest diamond discovery in generations but the find has been dogged by allegations of human rights abuses and corruption going right to the heart of Mugabe 's government . There are four diamond companies operating in the area . With a large delegation of government minders in tow , CNN was first taken to visit Marange Resources . It is exclusively owned by the state-run company , the Zimbabwe Diamond Mining Corporation  ZMDC  . Security is tight . High voltage barbed wire fences surround the diamond mines and the processing plant 's equipment . Several full body searches are done as you get closer to the sorting area where the diamonds are picked from the dirt . To avoid "  leakages " , as it is called - or , in other words , worker theft -- the diamonds are kept in a glass case and the sorters use gloves to drop the diamonds into an underground vault . The company says at no point in the extraction process does a human being touch any of the diamonds . The mining manager of Marange Resources , Munashe Shava , tells CNN that "  between our three plants we can produce a minimum of 200,000 carats every month . " All four mining companies - Marange , Mbada , Anjin and DMC - have been certified to sell their diamonds on the international market by the Kimberley Process . Read more : What are ` conflict diamonds ? ' The human rights organization Global Witness called the decision "  shocking " and pulled out of the international scheme it helped create . But despite the intense criticism of the Marange diamond fields , one of the two monitors of the Kimberley Process -- the U.N. protocol to certify origin of the gems and curtail trafficking of "  blood diamonds " to fund militant groups - said he has seen significant improvements . "  You could not find a bigger transition than that one , " Van Bockstael told CNN in Harare . "  This is not a granny that is digging with an old shovel in a pit or something -- that happened in 2007 , 2008 , which was when the problems started . You are talking about now top-notch diamond companies that are using state-of-the-art equipment . " The Chinese-run company Anjin has been one of the most heavily criticized companies operating in the field . Global Witness claims that this 50-50 partnership between a Chinese engineering firm and the state owned ZMDC has "  board members including senior serving and retired military and police officers . " They argue that this "  creates opportunities for off budget funding of the security sector " and " a real risk of these revenues being used to finance violence during a future election " in the country . Read more : Is ` blood diamond ' definition about to change ? Human Rights Watch says while it has seen an improvement in Marange , it also believes questions remain over who is involved in running these mining companies . "  Well , when we say things have improved it simply means the violence has certainly ended " Tiseke Kasambala of Human Rights Watch told CNN . "  There is no longer much torture , and the forced labor has come to an end , but why has this taken place ? It is because the army has gained pretty much most of the control of the fields . " CNN confronted Zimbabwean director of Anjin , Munyaradzi Machacha , with these allegations . "  In Zimbabwe , boards are made up of all its citizens , " Machacha said . "  With Anjin and all other companies , they are free to bring in persons with different skills and backgrounds . So really it is not like Anjin is a military  controlled  area , it is a civilian company operating like any other . " The Chairman of ZMDC , Godwills Masimirembwa , told CNN that there is nothing wrong with serving military figures connected to the ruling ZANU-PF being on the boards of these mining companies . "  There is nothing wrong with them sitting on some of the boards , they are Zimbabweans , they are entitled to sit on those boards . " When asked which military figures were connected with these companies , he replied : "  When you deal with sensitive issues , particularly in the background of sanctions against us , if you look at the sensitivity of that area , and the attack that is against Zimbabwe on the assumption that everything that goes there is for the benefit of ZANU-PF , it is obviously important that we protect the national interest " . But despite these mines getting the green light from the Kimberley Process , the European Union 's so-called "  restrictive measures " and U.S. government sanctions remain in place . According to Ambassador Gillian Milovanovic , speaking to CNN 's Marketplace Africa in her first interview as the new U.S. chair of the Kimberley Process , sanctions have been imposed because "  these entities are undermining democracy and democratic institutions . " Ramzi Malik is the project manager of DMC , another mining company operating in the fields . The U.S. sanctions anger him . "  It was actually quite shocking that sanctions would be slapped on us even though we are fully compliant by the Kimberley Process , " Malik says . "  So for us we just continue doing our business and doing our thing , and that is the end of it . " "  Sanctions or no sanctions diamonds get sold to clients all over the world , be it Belgium , be it Israel , be it India , be it customers in Dubai . They come from all over . You have the product available , they will come , they will pay their money for it and they will take it . "	CNN granted exclusive access to the controversial Marange diamond fields High voltage barbed wire fences surround the diamond mines , where workers are searched Four Zimbabwe companies now can sell their diamonds on the international market The human rights organization Global Witness called the decision "  shocking "
New York  CNN  -- Mitt Romney spent weeks battling Rick Santorum and Newt Gingrich for the Republican presidential nomination , and he faced blistering attacks from Rick Perry and other GOP rivals along the way . And now he is paying the price . CNN Poll : Obama holds 7-point lead over Romney Romney 's failure to surpass Barack Obama this summer stems in no small part from his reluctance to make any bold moves on policy , and this reluctance is a direct product of the beating he 's taken from conservative critics for much of the last year . The basic rap on Romney -- who represented , let us not forget , the conservative alternative to John McCain during the 2008 race for the Republican presidential nomination -- was that he was n't sufficiently conservative . To reassure conservative primary voters , Romney embraced positions on a wide range of issues , from immigration to taxes , that are more popular among reliable Republicans than among swing voters . Opinion : Reid 's Romney smears an insult to voters As the political analyst Sean Trende , author of "  The Lost Majority , " has argued , the central dilemma facing the Romney campaign is that it has essentially secured all of the low-to-medium hanging fruit for a Republican presidential candidate by condemning Obama 's economic record . Yet this has n't been enough to give Romney a lead over the incumbent president . Indeed , there is at least some reason to believe that the Romney campaign is losing ground . This strongly suggests that the GOP needs a more positive message with crossover appeal . The trouble , of course , is that Romney 's efforts to inoculate himself against charges of squishiness have made it very difficult for him to pivot to the center . What might a more daring Romney campaign have looked like ? A more populist Romney campaign would spend time and money bashing the big banks . While Romney has called for repealing the Dodd-Frank Act , the centerpiece of Obama 's fitful efforts to reform Wall Street , he has n't provided much in the way of detail regarding how he 'd address the too-big-to-fail problem . Given that anger against taxpayer-funded bank bailouts helped fuel the rise of the tea party movement , and in turn the Republican congressional victories of 2010 , this constitutes a serious strategic mistake . Recently , the right-leaning Government Accountability Institute , led by Peter Schweizer , author of the muckraking manifesto "  Throw Them All Out , " issued an incendiary report that accuses the Obama administration of neglecting financial fraud prosecutions because of the deep ties between senior Justice Department officials and the uppermost echelons of the financial sector . This is the kind of argument that might resonate among voters reconsidering their 2008 vote for Barack Obama . Yet this argument would need to be connected to a clear policy narrative about what a Republican president would do to take on the power of the big banks . A number of conservative and libertarian thinkers -- including James Pethokoukis of the American Enterprise Institute ; Thomas Hoenig , former Fed governor and FDIC director ; and Luigi Zingales of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business -- have called for breaking them up by implementing a modernized version of the Glass-Steagall Act , the Depression-era law that created a strict wall of separation between commercial and investment banking . Sebastian Mallaby of the Council of Foreign Relations , a market-friendly centrist perhaps best known for his exhaustive history of the hedge fund industry , "  More Money Than God , " has even argued that investors might welcome a bank break-up . Opinion : Will Obamacare raise the price of your pizza ? Leaving aside the substantive merits of this and other proposals designed to curb the too-big-to-fail phenomenon , this is an accessible idea that would help Romney play against type . So it has come as a disappointment to many on the right that the Romney campaign has been dismissive of the idea . This could reflect a conviction on the part of the candidate that Wall Street is not in need of a radical overhaul . Or , more cynically , the Romney campaign might be reluctant to alienate influential Republican donors in the financial services industry . Yet the decision to tread lightly on financial malfeasance might cost Romney the election . Romney 's evolution on tax policy is also telling . During the 1996 New Hampshire GOP primary , Romney , a private citizen at the time , paid for an advertisement criticizing Steve Forbes ' signature flat tax on the grounds that it was a giveaway to the ultra-rich . And his original 2012 tax proposal was a fairly modest one , which called for extending the Bush-era tax cuts while also eliminating taxes on capital gains , dividends and interest for married couples earning less than $ 200,000 . The idea was that this would be a prelude to a larger tax code overhaul . But when Romney feared that Rick Santorum might defeat him in Michigan 's crucial Republican primary , he released a far more ambitious , and far more expensive , tax cut proposal that is being criticized as pie-in-the-sky . Rather than campaign on a deep tax cut that would benefit high-earners , the Romney campaign might have instead championed a revenue-neutral tax reform that cut taxes dramatically on families with children while effectively raising them on childless high-earners . In effect , this would recognize that parents are making a significant investment in America 's economic future and that this investment should be treated favorably . This idea has been championed by conservative policy entrepreneurs such as Ramesh Ponnuru of National Review and Robert Stein , a veteran of George W. Bush 's Treasury Department , yet it has met with fierce resistance from The Wall Street Journal editorial board , which sees it as an unjustifiable tax giveaway that is an unhelpful distraction from the need to cut marginal tax rates . In choosing to embrace the Journal 's view , Romney may have sacrificed an opportunity to connect with cash-strapped middle class parents , including many independents and Democrats . Recently , Eli Lehrer of the pro-market R Street Institute made another suggestion : Instead of simply attacking federal loan guarantees for clean-tech firms such as Solyndra , the federal government should get out of the business of subsidizing the energy sector entirely . Clean-tech subsidies would go , but so would subsidies in the tax code that benefit the oil and gas industries . It is an idea that could in theory appeal to environmentalists , and it would demonstrate that Romney 's criticisms of Solyndra are n't just political posturing . Right now , the Romney campaign seems to believe that it can defeat Obama by running a conventional and cautious campaign . But as the weeks go by and the president 's lead remains frozen in place , this is starting to look like a bad bet . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	Reihan Salam : The scars of the GOP primaries are dragging Mitt Romney 's candidacy down He says Romney moved to the right to win over conservatives , now lacks centrist appeal A variety of innovative ideas could have broadened his appeal , Salam writes Salam : Taking on big banks and cutting energy subsidies would be smart policies for Romney
CNN  -- Eleven health researchers received $ 3 million each Wednesday from a new foundation set up by some of the tech world 's heaviest hittters . That 's twice as much money as a Nobel Prize pays . And , according to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , the once-in-a-lifetime payout is n't even the most important part . "  This prize is n't really about the people who are winning it today , " Zuckerberg told CNN 's Ali Velshi shortly after the Breakthrough Prize Foundation handed out its first of what are planned to be annual awards . "  It 's the college and graduate students who are in the lab trying to figure out what they should be researching . It 's about younger kids trying to figure out what they want to be when they grow up . " Zuckerberg has teamed up with tech heavyweights like Google co-founder Sergey Brin and Apple board Chairman Art Levinson to launch the Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences . On Wednesday , an inaugural class received the prizes for their work in research "  aimed at curing intractable diseases and extending human life . " "  Society has a lot of heroes for a lot of different things , but we do n't have enough heroes who are scientists and researchers and engineers , " Zuckerberg told CNN . "  We 're just trying to set up this ... to reward and recognize the amazing stuff these folks are doing . " Levinson , the former CEO of biotechnology company Genentech , will serve as chairman of the foundation 's board . "  I believe this new prize will shine a light on the extraordinary achievements of the outstanding minds in the field of life sciences , enhance medical innovation , and ultimately become a platform for recognizing future discoveries , " he said in a written statement . The founding sponsors -- Brin and wife Anne Wojcicki , Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan , and Russian entrepreneur and venture capitalist Yuri Milner -- have committed to funding five $ 3 million prizes every year going forward . Each prize winner will join the selection committee for future recipients . Wojciciki , founder of health-and-ancestry genetics company 23andMe , said that while the Nobel often recognizes scientists whose work has been widely applauded , she hopes the Breakthrough Prize will herald those whose less-visible work leads to similarly grand results . "  We want to get people in the life sciences to think big , take risks and recognize there 's a major reward that could come their way , " she told Velshi . The prize 's first 11 recipients are : Cornelia I. Bargmann , David Botstein , Lewis C. Cantley , Hans Clevers , Napoleone Ferrara , Titia de Lange , Eric S. Lander , Charles L. Sawyers , Bert Vogelstein , Robert A. Weinberg and Shinya Yamanaka .	Tech bigwigs team up to create Breakthrough Prize for scientists Facebook 's Zuckerberg , Google 's Brin among founders Winners receive $ 3 million for work curing disease , extending life Prize is double the amount given for a Nobel
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptian Armed Forces sought Tuesday to portray itself as a stabilizing force fully capable of handling the anger and unrest that have divided the nation less than a week after overthrowing the first democratically elected president . "  Destruction of public property or the stability of the state will not be tolerated , " the military said in an audio statement broadcast on state television . "  A constitutional declaration has been issued and the road to transition is clear , so people should feel secure . " The announcement came a day after 51 people were killed in clashes between the Muslim Brotherhood and the military over the ouster of former President Mohamed Morsy and as the fledgling new government announced it had filled key roles . Hazem El-Beblawi , a liberal economist who was finance minister and deputy prime minister , will serve as the interim prime minister ; Mohamed ElBaradei , the Nobel Peace Prize-winning diplomat , will serve as interim vice president , it said . Cabinet posts also will be offered to the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , as well as to the Salafist al-Nour Party , MENA , Egypt 's official news agency , reported . ElBaradei : Morsy 's ouster was needed so Egypt can not ` fail ' The military 's projection of confidence contrasted with the mood that surrounded a demonstration outside the Raba'a Al-Adawiya Mosque in Cairo , where thousands of people packed a square , some of them waving the country 's red , white and black flag and others holding aloft pictures of Morsy . The Brotherhood 's highest official of religious law said Tuesday he does not recognize the authority of the nation 's interim president and will not negotiate until Morsy regains power . What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? After that happens , "  we will have a national and comprehensive reconciliation in which all the problems can be discussed over a negotiation table but through a prior constitution , " Grand Mufti Abdulruhman Albir told the Reuters news agency . He said he recognized neither last week 's military coup nor any of the moves by those who have seized power . "  Therefore , there is no need to speak about any decrees , because they were issued by people without authority . " Albir was referring to Interim President Adly Mansour , who had issued a constitutional declaration giving himself limited power to make laws and outlined a timetable for parliamentary and presidential elections , according to state media . Adly Mansour : Interim president , veteran judge , mystery man There was no official word on the decree from the president 's office . If the state media reports are accurate , the 33-article decree would grant Mansour limited legislative powers after consultation with a cabinet , which would wield veto power . The decree also would lay out a timeline for voting on an amended constitution and for holding parliamentary and president ballots . The declaration calls for a constitutional referendum in November , followed by parliamentary elections in December and a presidential poll in February . Without confirmation from the president 's office , it is impossible to say whether the reports -- carried by state-run Al-Ahram and MENA -- are accurate . Also on Tuesday , funerals were held for the victims of clashes between the Brotherhood and security forces on Monday -- the deadliest day in Cairo since the revolution that forced then-President Hosni Mubarak from office in 2011 . The interim Egyptian government announced Tuesday that it would investigate the violence . The White House has refused to describe as a coup the military 's ouster of Morsy , who was reportedly being held under arrest at the Republican Guard headquarters . Doing so would require the United States to suspend its $ 1.3 billion in annual military aid to Egypt . When is a coup not a coup ? It is in the interest of the United States and the Egyptian people "  in their transition to democracy to take the time necessary to evaluate the situation before making such a determination , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday . But he added that U.S. officials were "  cautiously encouraged " that the interim government 's plan "  includes a return to democratically elected government that includes presidential and parliamentary elections . " In response to a question , State Department spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki told reporters that , "  broadly speaking , " the administration still believes that continuing military aid is a U.S. national security priority . But Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , has called for a suspension of military aid to Egypt . Some financial heavyweights in the region have offered financial assistance of their own . Saudi Arabia 's finance minister said the kingdom has pledged $ 5 billion in grants and loans to the interim government , according to the official Saudi news agency SAPA , and the United Arab Emirates will give $ 1 billion to Egypt and lend it another $ 2 billion as an interest-free central bank deposit , state news agency WAM reported Tuesday . CNN 's Reza Sayah reported from Cairo . Chelsea J. Carter and Tom Watkins reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Samira Said and Mitra Mobasherat contributed to this report .	NEW : Cabinet posts will be offered to the Muslim Brotherhood , Salafists The decree would grant Adly Mansour limited legislative powers No deadline is set for the announcement of a new government The declaration outlines a timetable for parliamentary and presidential elections
CNN  -- For his 2010 book "  A New American Picture , " artist Doug Rickard used photos he gathered from Google Street View to give viewers a voyeuristic peek into several of America 's most economically distressed neighborhoods . The point was to draw people 's attention to the places we read about in the news -- and comment about from the comfort of our own neighborhoods -- but never actually visit . Now , Rickard is following that work up with a new book called "  N.A. , " where he continues to mine the Internet for views of America that are anything but idyllic . This time , he snatches frame grabs from videos that were made on cell phones and uploaded to YouTube . What he ended up with is a jumble of violence , exploitation , joy rides , drugs and other illegal activities . It is a view of a country struggling with a shifting economic and cultural landscape , one where technology can create or amplify crisis and where cyberbullying , revenge porn and "  slut shaming " have gone viral . "  The range of search terms for the work was huge but largely tied to the broken elements of the American economic spectrum , " Rickard said . "  The search terms really started with simple city names and evolved . "  I started finding that due to the nature of YouTube , much of what was posted was predatory in nature and I needed to evolve the work to include that dynamic of the ` predatory act . ' I determined quickly that ` crackheads ' or ` girls passed out ' or ` hood fight ' were search terms on YouTube that would bring up massive amounts of content that people were uploading . " Abusive behavior exploited by technology is not a new story , but Rickard becomes a predator among the predators , hunting for images to tell this dark American tale . He said he also used keywords such as "  police harassment , " "  racial profiling " and "  gang stalking " to amass his images . The book is not a photojournalistic document -- the lack of captions and context asks us to create our own narratives . The printed text in the book includes a poem created using comments from YouTube . And the low resolution of the frame grabs mostly protects the identities of the subjects and gives the visceral imagery an impressionistic gloss . Rickard acknowledged that the images show "  elements of social media and technology that are n't pretty , " but he said the series is also about YouTube as medium and the way it has become "  a platform where people have a voice -- it is an immediate stage with reach . " He said the intimacy of the medium coming right from someone 's hand fascinates him . This point of view simply would n't be available to a photographer on the scene . "  I was the stranger in the car , a fly on the wall , " Rickard said . "  They did n't know I was with them that night . " He was a silent partner in the flow of data streams that thrive on predatory behavior -- both the participants who exploit the vulnerable , and the viewers who encourage them with comments and "  likes . " "  Usually the YouTube posters were looking to get ` hits ' or ` likes ' from the uploads and trying to get laughs , " he said . "  In many ways , that dynamic was bringing out acts that were incredibly callous , such as paying people on the street to do pushups or cartwheels or showing the writing of the word ` fag ' on the face of a young girl that was passed out . I wanted to try and get at this dynamic itself . " Rickard found that the streams that were most voluminous tended to be brutal , as though the technology itself was encouraging impulsive and dangerous behavior . He said "  N.A. " is about our habits surrounding modern technology , but that it also comments on race and poverty . For poverty-stricken African-Americans isolated in deteriorating neighborhoods , the American dream may be an impossibility -- the "  N.A. " could stand for "  not applicable " or perhaps "  need not apply . " " ` N.A. ' speaks to an inversion of the American dream , an American facade , an American illusion , " Rickard said . He said there is "  a chasm that has been built like a fortress as relates to opportunity ... a deep division -- economic , geographic , cultural , political -- in America that many whites prefer to deny and ignore . " Rickard hopes the book will be a wake-up call on issues of race , economic injustice and technology , saying , "  It is this America that I see in my mind , not the land of the free . "	For his latest book , Doug Rickard snatches frames from uploaded cell phone videos He searched for terms related ` to the broken elements of the American economic spectrum ' Much of what he found involved predatory acts , with people being exploited for ` likes ' He said his book is about modern technology as well as race and poverty
CNN  -- It 's been a weekend of contrasting fortunes for American club owners in the English Premier League . The Glazer family can look forward to Manchester United 's imminent record-extending 20th league title , and their fifth since a leveraged takeover in 2005 that left one of the world 's wealthiest clubs saddled with hundreds of millions of dollars of debt . For Ellis Short , owner of Saturday 's beaten opponents Sunderland , the prospect of losing top-flight status is all too real after a 1-0 defeat that left his team just one point above the relegation zone and marked the end of the reign of manager Martin O'Neill after less than two seasons . He was replaced Sunday by controversial former Italian forward Paulo Di Canio , whose previous managerial club job was with English third division side Swindon . One of O'Neill 's former players , Paul Lambert , has been seemingly on the verge of the sack for most of this season but the Aston Villa manager seems likely to see it out despite Sunday 's 2-1 home defeat by Liverpool , which kept his side in the bottom three but only four points behind 12th-placed Southampton . "  Yes , definitely , " Lambert said when asked if his team could avoid the drop , with seven games to play . "  I think anybody who was here today would say the same . We 're certainly playing well enough . We do n't look like a team down the bottom at the minute . "  If we keep going the way we 're going , we 'll win more games than not . There will be so many twists and turns . " Lambert has been consistently backed by Villa 's U.S. owner Randy Lerner , who has focused on Villa since ending his ownership of NFL team the Cleveland Browns in August 2012 . Lerner , who in 2006 became only the second owner of an EPL club , fell out with O'Neill ahead of the 2010-11 season and replaced the Northern Irishman with Gerard Houllier and Alex McLeish before appointing Lambert last June . The Scot , with considerably smaller finances to work with than his predecessors , has stuck doggedly to his task of shaping a new team out of young talent -- the most notable being 22-year-old Belgium striker Christian Benteke , who struck his 18th goal this season to put the 1982 European champion ahead against Liverpool . Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has , likewise , been backed by his club 's American owners -- Fenway Sports Group -- to overhaul the team and try to return to the glory days of the 1970s and '80s in which the team won four of its five continental crowns and 11 of 18 English championships . The experiment is still a work in progress , but a mixture of youth and experience came up trumps on Sunday as 22-year-old midfielder Jordan Henderson and veteran captain Steven Gerrard -- with a 60th-minute penalty after Luis Suarez was fouled -- replied with the goals that lifted seventh-placed Liverpool to within five points of European qualification . If the Reds ca n't close that gap then Rodgers wo n't again have the distractions of the Europa League next season , so one of his main aims will be to keep 29-goal striker Suarez at the club . The Uruguayan heads the Premier League charts with 23 and has already suggested that he would consider any offer from clubs playing in top competitions such as the Champions League . "  We do n't have to sell him for the money , " Rodgers said . "  He 's very happy . We 're trying to build a group here and add to it . We want to keep striving forward . " Suarez returned to England from his country 's midweek South American World Cup qualifier against Chile , a 2-0 defeat in which he was booked -- triggering a suspension for the next match in June against Venezuela -- and also seemingly punched an opponent in the face , which may result in further action by FIFA . "  He came back late on Thursday , " Rodgers said . "  He was in training on Friday and I was thinking how tired he was -- his face , his body . He just looked totally shattered from all the travel and exertions from the game . "  But you look at him today -- his energy and willingness to work for the team , and then just his sheer quality . His imagination in the game is incredible . "  He really frightens defenders , and that led to a penalty . "	Steven Gerrard 's second-half penalty gives Liverpool 2-1 victory at Aston Villa Win keeps Liverpool in the hunt for Europa League place , leaves Villa in bottom three Both clubs have U.S. ownership and are struggling to regain past glories Liverpool manager hails Luis Suarez and insists EPL 's top scorer will not be sold
London  CNN  -- Another day , another story about Prince Harry . The party-loving grandson of Queen Elizabeth II has been exposed again , this time naked , playing strip billiards flanked by an equally naked girl . But what makes this story interesting -- and not just gratuitous tittle-tattle -- is the initial reluctance of the British press to even report the story in print or on their online digital media . It seems patently absurd to me that millions around the world can view the photographs online , yet no British newspaper would touch them . The big question is why ? When grainy photographs were first published on the net by TMZ and seen by millions , the palace were forced to confirm it was him in the photos after speculation about the identity . In doing so his PR team reminded media outlets in the UK that the pictures were taken in a hotel suite where the prince would have had a reasonable expectation of privacy . Naked Harry scandal a watershed moment for UK press This was a sharp move , given that every editor in this land would know that Clause 3 of the Press Complaints Commission Editor 's Code of Practice states : "  It is unacceptable to photograph individuals in private places without their consent . " To publish in a UK tabloid then would be a clear breach . But the newspapers have been left impotent by this move . They have again been scooped by the digital media . This is a dangerous precedent and in my view tantamount to returning to the good old , bad old days of royal reporting when in 1936 American and European newspapers freely reported on the affair of King Edward VIII and Mrs. Simpson while an establishment deal meant nothing was reported in the British newspapers . Censorship of that royal story helped create the hysteria around the abdication crisis , polarizing opinion and may even have led to an atmosphere where the king felt he was forced to choose between love and duty . More importantly , surely -- like then -- the British paying public has a right to know what their royal family is up to . But post-Leveson -- the inquiry established in the aftermath of the News International phone-hacking scandal first revealed after both Princes William and Harry 's phones were targeted -- no editor seemed , initially at least , is prepared to risk the backlash . Amid all the media navel-gazing there seems to be a genuine fear that the press feels it is no longer drinking in "  The Last Chance Saloon " but time has already been called . Embarrassing pics could harm a soldier 's career several ways But this latest naked Harry scandal is a watershed moment -- a moment when it is fair to ask : "  Who is wagging the dog ? " When I was a reporter on the tabloid Sun newspaper in 1991 old photos were circulated of Prince Andrew naked . Like Harry he was a playboy prince , dubbed "  Randy Andy " by the tabloids . The then-Sun editor Kelvin MacKenzie bought the pictures and simply ran them across a double page inside spread  with a crown jewel sticker to spare the prince 's blushes  and waited for the reaction . The reaction was MPs huffed and puffed their outrage in parliament and sales of the newspaper went up . I understand as we go to publication that Fleet Street  as the national UK national newspapers are still collectively referred to  has woken up to the story . Picture desks were today busy negotiating for the pictures and new snaps in circulation . Even if they do publish it is clear that the online media is calling the shots -- forcing the papers to react when in the past it was always the newspapers that led . A tale of two brothers In these times with newspaper sales figure nose-diving it is critical for them to decide are they leaders or followers . Restricted by their own rules it leaves them exposed , giving the impression that they are slow to react . The problem newspapers face is that a new generation want news now , unrestricted and immediate . If they do not want to lose touch with that generation of readers altogether they have to at least compete with social and new media . As for Prince Harry , I do have sympathy for him . He has been betrayed by somebody and caught with his guard down . He could argue that he could expect privacy in his own hotel room , but the truth is he should have known that Las Vegas is not a place where you can expect anything other than trouble -- especially if you are one of the world 's most famous people . He has been let down before -- who can forget the Harry the Nazi photos , again taken on a phone by somebody in a private venue . He could blame his protection team , I really do not understand why the S014 officers did not ask the girls for their mobile phones on security grounds . But in truth the only one who has let any one down is Harry . How ` soldier prince ' Harry tore up royal rule book I know he is young , free and single -- but he is a prince with responsibilities . He is bright enough and should have learned from his mistakes . The shame is that he had turned the corner . He represented his grandmother admirably at the Olympics Closing Ceremony and on a recent tour this year to Jamaica . If the royal family is to be streamlined -- with Harry as one of the central public players -- he really has got to be more cautious about the company he keeps .	Prince Harry pictured naked , playing strip billiards flanked by an equally naked girl UK press reluctant to report story in print or on online digital media , says Robert Jobson Jobson : Problem for newspapers is that new generation wants news now Equally , Harry really must be more cautious about the company he keeps , Jobson says
CNN  -- Holding up a coca leaf at a U.N. meeting on narcotics Monday , Bolivian President Evo Morales defended the practice of chewing on the leaves as tradition and urged the body to reconsider its decision to declare it illegal . Coca leaves , the raw ingredient used in the making of cocaine , were declared an illegal substance under Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961 , along with heroin and others . "  I want to ask the assistance of the international community in correcting a historical error that was committed against the Bolivian people when it unreservedly ratified the Single Convention Against Narcotic Drugs of 1961 , " Morales told the 55th session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs in Vienna , Austria . Bolivia has withdrawn from the convention , but said it would rejoin if the traditional consumption of coca leaf is allowed to continue . Morales , a former union leader for coca growers , told the body his country has designated $ 20 million to fight cocaine trafficking -- but cultural "  producers of coca leaf are not drug dealers ; consumers of coca leaf are not drug addicts , " he said . "  I want to stress that at no time Bolivia acts untimely or irresponsibly , " he said . Coca is widely used in the Andes as a mild stimulant and herbal medicine . Advocates say the leaves , which contain small amounts of cocaine , have several health and social benefits and dismiss claims it is dangerous . Morales has said "  sacred " coca in its raw state is not an addictive drug and emphasizes that it has had a legitimate medical purpose for hundreds of years . But coca remains the raw ingredient for the purified forms of cocaine , which are illegal for non-medicinal , non-government-sanctioned purposes in virtually all countries . And for almost half a century the chewing of coca leaves has been banned internationally . Bolivia is currently the world 's third biggest coca producer after Colombia and Peru , according to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime . It has much to gain if its campaign to legalize coca leaves is successful . Energy drinks , flour and even toothpaste derived from the leaves could be sold around the world . One of these , Coca Colla , which trades on the name of the more famous U.S. soft drink that originally contained coca , has been a hit since its launch last year in Bolivia in 2010 . According to the Washington Office on Latin America ,  WOLA  an American non-governmental organization , the United States is likely to oppose any move to have coca leaf removed from the 1961 U.N. Single Convention on Narcotics Drugs . The International Narcotics Control Board is also opposed to any lifting of the ban . CNN 's Peter Wilkinson and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	Coca leaves is the raw ingredient used in the making of cocaine The leaves have been declared an illegal substance Bolivia is the third biggest coca producer in the world Morales said coca in its raw state is not an addictive drug
CNN  -- On June 2 , 2011 , I began my quest for the presidency on the farm of Doug and Stella Scamman in Stratham , New Hampshire . I said then that our country is a land of freedom and opportunity . I spoke of the hard work of the millions of Americans who built our remarkable experiment in self-government . They carved out of the wilderness a land of immense prosperity and unlimited potential . I said then that "  I believe in America . " For more than a year now , I 've carried that message across America . As we draw close to Election Day , it is a good moment to reflect on what it means to believe in America . America is a place where freedom rings . It is a place where we can discuss our differences without fear of any consequence worse than criticism , where we can believe in whatever creed or religion we choose , where we can pursue our dreams no matter how small or grand . It is a place that not only cherishes freedom , but is willing to fight to defend it . These are the qualities that define us . America is a land of opportunity . But lately , for too many Americans , opportunity has not exactly come knocking . We 've been mired in an economic slowdown that has left millions of our fellow citizens unemployed . The consequences in dreams shattered , lives disrupted , plans deferred , and hopes dimmed can be found all around us . It has n't always been this way . It certainly does n't have to be this way in the future . We 're all in this together . And together we can emerge from these troubles . President Obama 's op-ed : My vision for America Together with Paul Ryan , I 've put forward an economic recovery plan consisting of five central elements that will in four years create 12 million jobs .  We will produce more of the energy we need to heat our homes , fill our cars , and make our economy grow . We will stop President Obama 's war on coal , his disdain for oil , and his effort to crimp natural gas by federal regulation of the very technology that produces it . We will support nuclear and renewables , but phase out subsidies once an industry is on its feet . We will invest in energy science and research to make discoveries that can actually change our energy world . By 2020 , we will achieve North American energy independence .  We will retrain our work force for the jobs of tomorrow and ensure that every child receives a quality education no matter where they live , including especially our inner cities . Parents and students , not administrators and unions , need to have greater choice . Our current worker retraining system is a labyrinth of federal programs that sprawls across 47 programs and nine agencies . We will eliminate this redundancy and empower the 50 states and the private sector to develop effective programs of their own .  We will make trade work for America . We 'll open more markets to American agriculture , products , and services . And we will finally hold accountable any nation that does n't play by the rules . I will stand up for the rights and interests of American workers and employers . Your turn : What 's your vision for America ?  We will restore fiscal sanity to Washington by bringing an end to the federal spending and borrowing binge that in just four years has added more debt held by the public than almost all previous administrations combined . We will put America on track to a balanced budget by eliminating unnecessary programs , by sending programs back to states where they can be managed with less abuse and less cost , and by shrinking the bureaucracy of Washington .  Finally , we will champion small business , the great engine of job creation in our country , by reforming the tax code and updating and reshaping regulations that have suffocated economic growth . Nothing is ever easy in Washington , but these goals are rooted in bipartisan agreement , and I will work with members of both parties to accomplish them . As governor of a state that was overwhelmingly Democratic , I was always ready to reach across the aisle and I can proudly point to the results . I 've learned that when we come together to solve problems in a practical spirit , we can accomplish miracles . In this respect , I am offering a contrast to what we are seeing in Washington today . We 've watched as one party has pushed through its agenda without compromising with the other party . We 've watched gridlock and petty conflict dominate while the most important issues confronting the nation , like chronic high unemployment , go unaddressed . The bickering has to end . I will end it . I will reach across the aisle to solve America 's problems . Our economic crisis not only threatens the well-being of our citizenry , it has larger consequences in other realms . The economic weakness of the past several years has , alarmingly , fostered weakness in our foreign policy posture . Runaway domestic spending has led the president to propose reducing defense spending by hundreds of billions , cuts that his own secretary of defense has said would "  devastate " our national security . The most important task for any president is set out in the preamble to our Constitution -- providing for the common defense . As commander-in-chief , I will roll back the president 's deep and arbitrary cuts to our military . Our soldiers should never lack the tools they need to complete their mission and come home safely . I have always believed that the first purpose of a strong military is to prevent war . And preventing war is a supreme national interest . I will ensure that our military is strong enough that no adversary dares to challenge us . Let us remember our history . We have accomplished so much , both in the world and at home . We 've defeated tyrannies . We 've lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty . We 've transformed our own society into a more perfect union . We 've created a land of freedom and prosperity . The problems we need to overcome now are not bigger than we are . We can defeat them . I am offering real change and a real choice . Whose vision do you find more compelling ? Vote on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mitt Romney .	Mitt Romney : America is a place that cherishes freedom and fights to defend it Too many Americans have had to defer dreams due to economic slowdown , he says He says U.S. can overcome troubles , speed economic growth through policy changes Romney : I am offering "  real change and a real choice "
CNN  -- World heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko has told reporters that he believes rival David Haye is only bluffing with his threats to quit boxing in October . International Boxing Federation  IBF  and World Boxing Organization  WBO  champion Klitschko will defend his titles against Dereck Chisora on April 30 , prompting World Boxing Association  WBA  champion Haye to announce that the unification fight between the duo will now not happen because he intends to retire when he turns 31 later this year . But Ukrainian Klitschko has poured scorn on Haye 's claims , saying : "  This is total nonsense and he is playing the media . "  He will not retire because he is a liar . He has no legacy whatsoever from boxing -- beating Audley Harrison has not given him a legacy . "  David Haye has accomplished nothing in the heavyweight division other than to present himself with his stupid t-shirt and comments , " Klitschko continued . "  This guy will eventually fight me because everything coming out of his mouth is a lie , but if he does retire , he will be a loser with no legacy in the heavyweight division at all . " Haye made the comments after Klitschko chose to honor an agreement to face the Briton 's compatriot Chisora , in a fight that was postponed from last year after Klitschko suffered a back injury in training . However , Klitschko maintains that if he beats Chisora , he can still fight Haye later in the year . The Ukrainian added : "  I do n't need a half a year to prepare for Haye . Me facing Chisora first is good promotion for the fight because the guy is also British and also very loud . " Haye could be forced to fight mandatory WBA challenger and former world champion Ruslan Chagaev , with a preliminary date set for July 2 , although Klitshcko maintains that could be side-stepped . "  I do n't take David Haye as a super-special fight . I 'm always in shape anyway . He could give Chagaev step-aside money and then I 'm going to be there with nobody to fight , " continued Klitschko . "  Because of our history before , I would fight him on July 2 and we would work on the contract , but I would still fight Chisora first . "	Wladimir Klitschko believes David Haye is only bluffing with his threats to quit boxing Briton Haye maintains he will retire in October without facing Ukrainian Klitschko Haye made the claims after Klitschko 's decision to fight Dereck Chisora in April
CNN  -- Legendary singer , dancer , actress and civil rights activist Lena Horne , 92 , died at New York-Presbyterian Hospital on Sunday night , a hospital spokeswoman said . No other details of her death were made public . Horne was the first African-Americans to sign a long-term movie contract with a major Hollywood studio when she joined MGM in 1942 . Horne 's expressive and silky voice made her a singing star , known best for her hit "  Stormy Weather , " after Hollywood failed to give her roles that might have made her a big screen starlet . Horne complained she was used as "  window dressing " in white films , mostly limited to singing performances that could be easily edited out for play in southern theaters . The light-complexioned Horne refused to go along with studio plans to promote her as a Latin American . She later said she did not want to be "  an imitation of a white woman . " Horne , whose parents divorced when she was 3 , lived a nomadic childhood traveling with her actress mother . She spent much of her time growing up in Brooklyn , New York , where she was born in 1917 . Horne was 16 when she began her show business career as a dancer at Harlem 's Cotton Club . She later became a singer there , playing to packed houses of white patrons , with band leaders Cab Calloway and Duke Ellington . She began taking singing lessons in 1935 , and eventually landed a part in the all-black Broadway production "  Dance With Your Gods . " Her work as a feature singer with touring bands and in nightclubs increased . She became the first African-American singer to tour with a white group in 1940 , according to her official biography . Her first film role came in 1938 in "  The Duke is Tops , " but her next movie did n't come along for another four years . She was given a screen test by MGM and signed to a seven-year movie contract after a studio scout saw her performing in a New York club . Her stepfather , Miguel Rodriguez , negotiated with MGM head Louis B. Mayer for her to never be cast as a maid or "  Tarzan extra . " "  I think the black boy that cleaned the shoes and me were the only two black people except the maids who were there working for the stars , " Horne said in a CNN interview . "  And it was very lonely and I was n't very happy . " Still , Horne said she was grateful that her World War II era films -- including black musicals "  Cabin in the Sky " and "  Stormy Weather " -- were seen by black and white soldiers . "  But after I realized I would only go so far , I went on the stage , " Horne said . With only subservient roles available for a black actress in Hollywood in the 1940s , Horne turned to recording top-selling songs . Horne said performing for live audiences was what she loved most . "  I 'm always happy when I 'm surrounded by people to react and feel and touch , " she said . While traveling with a USO tour during the World War II , she walked out on a show because German war prisoners were seated in front seats , ahead of African-American troops . After the USO withdrew her from the tour , she used her own money to travel to sing for the troops . She has a son and daughter from a first marriage that ended in 1944 . Horne married again in 1947 to Lennie Hayton , who was then MGM 's music director . She kept the marriage secret for several years , since Hayton was white . When it was made public , the couple received hate mail and threats of violence , according to her biography . Radio , television , film and nightclub jobs were harder for Horne to find in the McCarthy era of the 1950s when she was blacklisted . That ended in 1956 when RCA gave Horne a new recording contract and she earned a guest spot in the movie "  Meet Me in Las Vegas . " Horne returned to Broadway in 1957 for her first starring role there . "  Jamaica " ran for 555 shows . She became active in the civil rights movement after she was involved in a public altercation following a racial slur in a Beverly Hills , California , restaurant in 1960 . She was an active supporter of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. 's civil rights movement . Horne was there when King delivered his "  I Have a Dream " speech on the Lincoln Memorial steps in 1963 . Variety television shows welcomed Horne as a musical performer , especially in the 1960s . She appeared on numerous episodes with Perry Como , Dean Martin and Flip Wilson . She returned to film for a final role in 1978 as Glinda the Good Witch , opposite Michael Jackson and Diana Ross , in "  The Wiz , " an adaptation of "  The Wizard of Oz . " She got a special Tony Award for her 1981 one-woman Broadway hit "  Lena Horne : The Lady and Her Music . " She also won two Grammys for the recording of the show . Horne was honored with a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1989 , and she also won a Grammy in 1995 for best jazz vocal performance for her album "  An Evening With Lena Horne . " In her later years , Horne said she found peace . "  The best time in my life I guess is now because I 'm quiet and I 'm logical and I accept without flying off the handle -- sometimes I do , " Horne said with a laugh .	She was one of the first African-Americans to sign a long-term movie contract Horne complained she was used as "  window dressing " in white films She was grateful that her World War II-era films were seen by black and white soldiers Performing for live audiences was what Horne loved most
A controversial Rolling Stone article began a heated conversation about rape on college campus after a student the magazine called "  Jackie " described being gang raped at a University of Virginia fraternity . Now some advocates worry where that conversation is headed after the magazine flagged possible flaws in the article . "  I 've had a lot of our members , especially sexual assault survivors , emailing me , asking if this is going to distract from the broader , bigger problem of sexual assault on campus , " said Monika Johnson-Hostler , president of the National Alliance to End Sexual Violence . "  They 're worried that fallout from one story is going to give people a reason to believe campus sexual assault is n't a real problem or it 's been overhyped . " One in five women are sexually assaulted during college , according to a White House task force report issued this summer . Last month , Rolling Stone published Jackie 's story , a harrowing retelling of how she was allegedly raped by seven men at a Phi Kappa Psi party in 2012 . The article sparked international outrage and placed the University of Virginia in the spotlight on the issue of campus sexual assault . Students protested , and university officials banned Greek activities for the semester and vowed change . Then The Washington Post identified holes in the story . Also on Friday , Rolling Stone posted an apology on its website . Editors had chosen not to contact the man who allegedly orchestrated the attack on Jackie , nor did the magazine attempt to contact any of the men Jackie claimed participated in the attack for fear that that could bring retaliation against the college student . Editors regretted that , the note said . The note went a step further , saying : "  In the face of new information , there now appear to be discrepancies in Jackie 's account , and we have come to the conclusion that our trust in her was misplaced . " A day later , Rolling Stone amended that note . It removed the reference to trust being misplaced and added this : "  These mistakes are on Rolling Stone , not on Jackie . " The magazine offered no explanation for the update . Victim blaming ? Rolling Stone has been accused of victim blaming when it said that its trust in Jackie was "  misplaced . " On CNN 's "  Reliable Sources , " writer Hanna Rosin spoke about the peril of focusing blame on Jackie . Rolling Stone 's initial apology that said its trust in Jackie was misplaced "  essentially said this is Jackie 's fault but , you know , Jackie is not a journalist , " Rosin said . "  She does n't know the rules of journalism . She 's just telling her own story . It 's on us to know that you have to trust but verify . You have to check the sources . You have to figure out with the story is true because if not you end up in a mess like the one we 're in now . " Johnson-Hostler said that by focusing on the telling of one survivor 's story , it can have the unintended consequence of holding that experience as the "  true " rape experience . "  It can imply to a survivor , ` Well , my experience was n't as bad as that one , so maybe I was n't raped , ' " said she said . Would all of that actually make it less likely survivors might come forward ? "  A survivor will see the way this young woman in the Rolling Stone article is being attacked from all sides -- from the media , from the school , from the Greek system -- and think it 's not worth coming forward , " said John Foubert , an Oklahoma State University professor who was an assistant dean at UVA from 1998 to 2002 . He has devoted much of his career researching sexual assault in college and military culture . Are discrepancies really that ? Foubert says the "  noise " around the Rolling Stone editors ' apology will probably mean survivors are going to be less willing to share their stories with journalists . Some advocates feel that keeping those stories in the dark only makes survivors feel more alone and it takes away from the public 's education about preventing and reporting sexual assault . As far as perceived discrepancies in Jackie 's story , Foubert said that could simply be symptom of the trauma she endured . "  Someone who experiences such extreme stress will talk and remember the stress in different ways at different times , through each telling . The assumption is that it did n't happen or she 's lying . " That is not in line with the way post traumatic stress presents itself , he said . University of Virginia English professor Susan Fraiman also worries that the attention paid to the Rolling Stone story will detract from the bigger picture at the school . "  There 's a broader desire to make sure that adjudication of rape cases are handled fair , " she told CNN . Even after the Rolling Stone article published , there was more fallout from UVA regarding campus sexual assaults . Associate Dean of Students Nicole Eramo , who guides women through their options when they report they 've been assaulted , recently told WUVA that no student had been expelled for committing sexual assault , even when the accused admitted it . Eramo told WUVA that there had been 38 reports of sexual assault last year .	Rolling Stone told story of "  Jackie , " who alleged she was gang raped at UVA The magazine published an apology for the story and said it had misplaced trust in Jackie Advocates worry that fallout will mean a distraction from rape on college campuses
Watch the full interview with Donny and Marie Osmond Monday . "  Piers Morgan Tonight " airs weeknights on CNN/US at 9 p.m. ET and on CNN International at 0200 GMT  live simulcast  , 1200 GMT , and 2000 GMT and HKT . CNN -- Donny Osmond was the Justin Bieber of his day . And while the show biz veteran has not yet met his 2011 pop star counterpart , he has some advice for him . "  Put the seat belt on , buddy , because it 's going to be a bumpy ride . " Donny and Marie Osmond are guests on Monday 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight . " The brother-sister duo joined the CNN host from the stage of the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas where they perform . "  That kind of success at that age can really bite you in the shorts as it were -- the proverbial shorts so to speak , " continued Donny . "  I look at the experiences that I 've gone through as a teeny bopper . You know ... I look at Justin Bieber ... and my heart breaks for him , because I know what he 's going to go through . He knows . Everybody knows . " Donny went on to say that Bieber is "  going to go through so much heartache , ` Baby , baby , baby . Oh my ' he 's going to hate that . He probably hates it right now just as much as I hated ` Puppy Love . ' " Both Donny and Marie agreed that many young entertainers today "  just jump into the business , " that they "  get a lot of fame and fortune , " and "  feel entitled . " "  They forget about getting out there and working and doing all those little gigs -- 366 days a year and going through the work , going through the motions , " said Donny . The pair said that their strong work ethic was instilled in them by their father , who Donny said taught them "  if there 's something worth doing , it 's worth doing well . " Marie told Morgan she feels "  blessed " to have grown up working with Sammy Davis Jr. , Dean Martin and Elvis Presley . "  They did n't look at it as being a celebrity , " Marie said . "  They looked at it as being an entertainer . It was their job . " Donny said that the "  mark that a lot of people miss nowadays " is that "  they leave out the heart and soul . And that 's what I learned from Sammy Davis Jr. , from Frank Sinatra , is when you went to ... those shows , you got to know them . " Donny recalled seeing Presley 's closing show at the Hilton in the 1970s , the night before he and Marie were set to open on that same stage . "  I remember watching the ` King ' onstage . He could do no wrong . I mean the -- the attitude was in the palm of his hand . " Presley came to visit him in his dressing room the following evening , Donny said , and politely said " ` Hi , everybody . I 'm Elvis Presley . I just wanted to come say hi and good luck . ' " "  The king of rock and roll just walked through the door , and he 's a real person , " said Donny . "  It taught me a lot about leaving the star onstage . When you go onstage , you 're just another person . " Donny said that an entertainer 's genuine love for the audience is missing from many of today 's acts . He said he and Marie go to great lengths to make sure their audiences "  walk away feeling that they got to know us better . " Donny said Davis once told him , "  The day you stop caring about your show is the day you should quit . " Marie also spoke about her recent remarriage to her first husband , Steve . The couple married 29 years ago but divorced after three years . She wore her original wedding dress , and the couple 's 28-year-old son -- who went through his entire life with separated parents -- served as a witness . Marie said that when she broke the news of the engagement to her son , he had n't been aware his parents were even dating . "  I was recording an album . It 's out . It 's my first inspirational album . ... There 's a song on there called , ` Tell Me to Breathe . ' ... I went to my son and I said , ` I 'm going to marry your father again and I need a song that says my love to him . ' And so he helped write that song . And that 's my song to my husband , Steve . " The couple married in Las Vegas , and Marie chose the birthday shared by her mother , Olive Osmond , who died in 2004 , and her son Michael , who committed suicide last year . "  That way they could all be there kind of symbolically , " said Marie . "  As a matter of , we took a picture with -- I took a picture with Steve and all the kids . And I had Donny stand in for Michael . Then we 're going to take -- put Michael 's face on his body . " Marie said she will never get over the loss Michael , who was 18 when he died . "  There 's always a place that is set in your heart at the dinner table , " said Marie . "  There 's always a celebration when he 's there . " She said the proceeds from her inspirational album will go to the Children 's Miracle Network on Michael 's behalf . Donny , who has been married for 33 years , told Morgan that his marriage was "  the only thing that kept me sane . " "  Point to another teeny bopper star who did n't go through the drugs , the alcohol , the women , " continued Donny . "  My wife is the one that got me through it . " Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Donny and Marie Osmond think many young entertainers today "  just jump into the business " Duo is inspired by legends like Elvis Presley , who took his job as an entertainer seriously Marie Osmond recently remarried her first husband after 29 years Donny , meanwhile , calls his 33-year marriage "  the only thing that kept me sane "
CNN  -- A mental health evaluation has been ordered for a Maryland mother accused of stabbing two of her children to death and wounding two others while attempting an exorcism , authorities said Tuesday . A judge ordered Zakieya L. Avery , 28 , and another woman , 21-year-old Monifa Sanford , to undergo the evaluations this week to determine whether they are competent to stand trial , Capt. Marcus Jones of the Montgomery County Police Department said . Avery and Sanford have both been charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted first-degree murder in connection with the stabbings at a Germantown residence . Norell Harris , 1 , and his sister , Zyana Harris , 2 , suffered fatal stab wounds while their siblings , ages 5 and 8 , were hospitalized with injuries , authorities said . Police said they found the four children Friday morning after a neighbor called 911 to report suspicious activity at the home . The neighbor reported seeing a car with a door open and a knife next to it . Investigators believe the two women were performing an exorcism , a ritual aimed at defeating purported evil spirits or demons . Avery , according to Jones , allegedly formed a group called "  Demon Assassins " because she believed that by doing so evil would n't take over their lives . "  The purpose was to get rid of the devil , the evil spirits , " Jones said . Police are searching for two men who are believed to also have been members of the group , he said . Sanford 's attorney , Edward Leyden , said he has no information regarding the allegations that his client was a member of the exorcism group . "  This tragedy is a universal one , " Leyden said . " ... The family of the victims is devastated , and all the members of Ms. Sanford 's family are devastated . " Leyden said he want his client to undergo the mental health evaluation to determine issues of competency and mental delusions . Avery 's attorney did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment . Police were initially called to the home Thursday over reports of an unattended child in a car . By the time they got there , the child was not in the car and no one came to the door , authorities said . After the neighbor 's call , authorities notified county child protective services and asked them to follow up . It 's unclear whether they did . Both women are being held without bond . Italian priests : Interest in exorcism increasing CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Zakieya L. Avery , 28 , and Monifa Sanford , 21 , have been ordered to undergo evaluations Both women have been charged with two counts of first-degree murder Avery allegedly led a group called "  Demon Assassins , " authorities say The purpose of the group "  was to get rid of the devil , the evil spirits , " police say
Denpasar , Bali  CNN  -- On a traffic-choked street in Bali 's capital , Denpasar , Edo walks through his family 's shop to an empty back room . Only there does he feel safe enough to explain why he 's afraid . "  Well , it 's because probably the killers are still out there , " he says . The killers he refers to are those who Edo believes are responsible for the murder of his grandfather , one of between 500,000 and 1 million people estimated by human rights groups to have been killed by military death squads during anti-communist purges across Indonesia in 1965 and 1966 . The mass killings were sparked by a failed coup on September 30 , 1965 and the murder of a number of generals in the military . A major general in the army at the time , Suharto blamed the coup on communists , ousted President Sukarno -- the country 's first post-independence leader -- and sanctioned the hunt for those responsible . After assuming the presidency in 1967 , Suharto ruled Indonesia for 31 years until 1998 . Many contend those targeted during the purges were not communists but ethnic Chinese , or anyone with left-wing views . Edo describes how his grandfather had been kidnapped from his home late one night , targeted he believes because of his work with a government organization set up to integrate ethnic Chinese and local Balinese . "  Everything broke down after that . The family business and their home was burned down , they lost everything and had to start from scratch , " says Edo . "  I am pretty sure one uncle of mine knows who did it .  The murderers  are still alive and around and I still have my fear . " For thousands like Edo in Bali and across the rest of Indonesia , confronting that fear and addressing this brutal period in the country 's history is something most have been unwilling or unable to do openly . Many worry that publicly dissenting from official versions of the events and coup -- ingrained through Suharto-era propaganda , like the 1984 film "  Treachery of G30S/PKI " -- could lead to retribution from those connected to the killings . More often than not , killers and victims ' families still live in the same communities . "  It 's like the Nazis winning and then they are still in the government , " says Edo . "  People live with fear , they are afraid to get involved . " However things are slowly changing . That Edo is now facing his fears in part comes from the impact of "  The Act of Killing , " a new documentary by American director Joshua Oppenheimer . While books and other films have told some of the survivors ' stories , Oppenheimer 's film recounts for the first time the violence from the perpetrators ' perspective . Captivating , powerful and at times bizarre , it follows the boastful but ultimately conflicted Anwar Congo , a low-level gangster turned executioner , as he reenacts how he and others murdered hundreds of people . As well as the moral and personal journey taken by Congo , the film also shows the links between the murderers , paramilitary groups and government officials . "  Rather than showing Indonesians something they do n't already know ,  the film  exposes something that they already know to be true and what they are afraid to address , " says Oppenheimer , who spent around seven years making the film around the Sumatran city of Medan , with a largely local crew who had to be credited anonymously . "  The survivors told me  we need a film that comes to Indonesia like the child in "  The Emperor 's New Clothes " saying that the king is naked ... everybody already knows it , but if it can be said so powerfully , so forcefully , so emotionally by the perpetrators themselves , then there will be no going back . " At two secret screenings last December and February , Edo showed the film to members of a local film club . Some were too afraid to even watch it , while others thought it could stir up new trouble . "  Some in the audience asked , ` Why are you opening up old wounds ? ' But the wounds are still open wide and people are still afraid , " says Edo . Others , particularly the younger generation , have become emboldened by the film and the chance for greater openness , like Termana , a member of Komunitas Taman 65 , a Bali-based group comprised of victims ' family members . "  The Act of Killing gave us an opportunity to talk about the events , " he says at group meeting just a few hundred meters from one of Bali 's most popular tourist beaches . "  The killings  happened here in Bali and show the dark side of the paradise island , but also the dark side of family life . " Termana 's grandfather disappeared one night in early 1966 and was never seen again . Through slow and at time painful discussions with family members more is being learned about the difficult period . Termana admits he did n't know until recently that a village in western Bali is called "  Dark Field " because it was where up to 600 people are believed have been slaughtered . The perpetrator says Roro , a fellow Komunitas Taman 65 group member , is believed to be the head of another village , who is known more openly for his charisma and dancing skills . Like Anwar Congo in Oppenheimer 's film , Roro says the village leader was not shy to boast of his murderous exploits , believing that he carried out his violent acts with impunity and for the right reasons . However , since the film and the growing groundswell of discussion about the events it relates to , he has become less inclined to boast about his exploits , says Roro . Monday , September 30 is the anniversary of the 1965 coup and the date Oppenheimer has chosen to make the film available to everyone in Indonesia to watch online . He decided not to try for a general cinema release for the film , fearing that if it was banned and people watched it , it could legitimize more violence . "  Somehow I think that because Indonesia is moving on , the film is able to have its impact , " he says . "  Ten years ago maybe too many people were actually involved , complicit with the military dictatorship and too invested in its power structures ... but now younger Indonesians are saying ' I want my country to function . ' " While welcomed by Komintas Taman 65 , there are real fears widespread viewings of the film could stir anger and reprisals from younger members of survivors ' families and a new conflict with paramilitary groups . "  I do worry that there may be a new conflict , " says Tka , at the Komunitas Taman 65 meeting . "  After Suharto 's ` New Order ' collapsed we thought  the perpetrators  would be found guilty . " So far , official attempts to revisit the events of 1965 and 1966 have failed . While Indonesia 's National Commission on Human Rights published a report last year stating the anti-communist purge was a gross violation of human rights , it was not taken any further by the country 's Attorney General . A draft bill for a Truth and Reconciliation Commission also failed in 2006 . "  How do you establish the truth after all this time ? asks Roro . "  Truth is hard . "	Anti-communist purges across Indonesia sparked by failed coup on September 30 , 1965 Many victims ' families still unable to talk openly about the period when up to 1 million believed killed Documentary that shows events from perpetrators ' view having impact on changing attitudes Filmmaker says film will be free for all in Indonesia to watch online from September 30 , the coup 's anniversary
People confess to a lot of things on Facebook : their frustrations , bad habits , secret longings and new loves . A Florida man confessed to something much more sinister Thursday . He said he killed his wife . Derek Medina , 31 , posted a picture of Jennifer Alfonso 's blood-stained body -- collapsed and contorted on the kitchen floor -- to his Facebook feed with a note , according to authorities . "  Im going to prison or death sentence for killing my wife love you guys miss you guys takecare Facebook people you will see me in the news , " he purportedly wrote . Why people share murder , rape on Facebook Medina , who lives in South Miami , drove to see his family , to tell them what he did . Then he turned himself in to police , according to his arrest affidavit . He is being held without bond on a preliminary charge of first degree murder , the Miami Dade State Attorney 's Office spokesperson told CNN . The court has 21 days to formally charge Medina . Facebook friends commented on the photo in shock . "  That is my friend there . " "  What happened ???? derek . " "  WHAT ?????? " Other Facebook users reacted with disgust to the posting of the picture of his wife 's corpse . She was 26 . "  this is crazy omg ... guy kills his wife post pic in facebook . " The disgust did not prevent the commenters from sharing Medina 's photo . Again and again . When evidence goes viral The gruesome image stayed online and was passed along for at least five hours . Facebook was notified of the content and employees removed the picture and disabled Medina 's page and that of his deceased wife , according to Facebook . In his note , Medina accused his wife of abusing him and asked his friends for their understanding for what he did to her because of it . The police report with his confession cast a more detailed light on the course of events . This was Medina 's account to Miami Dade police : He and his wife argued . He pulled a gun on her . She threatened to leave him . He put the gun away and followed her . She unloaded a volley of punches on him . He fetched the gun again . She pulled a knife . He wrestled it out of her hands . She punched him again . Then he shot her "  multiple times . " Opinion : The dark side of social media He felt certain she was dead . He did not call 911 , the affidavit states . He changed clothes , and after seeing his family , went to a police station and began the process of confessing . After he gave police his address , they drove to the scene , where they found the body . The couple 's 10-year-old daughter was also still in the house , police said . She was physically "  unharmed . " Medina self-published self-help books and maintained a website called EmotionalWriter.com . His books claim to be about "  effective communication " and "  marriage counseling tips , " according to the website . "  Derek Medina is an emotional writer . His goal is to save people 's lives thru his books he has published , " the website says . "  My goal is for you , the readers , to open up your eyes and change for the better . " Hours before the slaying , Medina posted a picture of his wife , his daughter and himself having dinner together outdoors at a marina . They were all smiling .	Derek Medina posts a picture of his dead wife 's body to Facebook Online , he tells his "  friends " that they will hear about him in the news He asks for their understanding for what he has done People react in disgust , but share the photo over and over
CNN  -- At least 14 people were dead and four missing in the Philippines a day after Typhoon Mirinae roared through the heart of the country , the National Disaster Coordinating Council said Sunday . Mirinae was the fourth typhoon to affect the archipelago of more than 7,000 islands in a month . It quickly dissipated after Saturday 's landfall , becoming a tropical storm . Mirinae was forecast to weaken further before hitting Vietnam on Monday , forecasters said . The hardest hit areas were the Southern Luzon and Bicol regions , the Philippines News Agency reported . Civil Defense administrator Glenn Rabonza said more than 13,000 people were affected by the storm . The storm brought at least 85 millimeters  3.3 inches  of rain to Manila . The city of Daet , on the eastern coast , received 149 millimeters  5.8 inches  of rain , and Virac , which sits on an island that juts into the Pacific , received 72 millimeters  2.8 inches  of rain . The first of the four typhoons to threaten the Philippines happened in late September , when Ketsana drenched the island nation with its heaviest rainfall in 40 years . Eighty percent of Manila flooded and more than 420 people died . Are you there ? Share photos , video of the weather Flooding from Ketsana has lasted well into October and tens of thousands of people are still in evacuation centers , according to the disaster coordinating council . Typhoon Parma made landfall on October 3 in a rural region of fishermen and farmers in Luzon , the largest of the Philippine islands . It destroyed 55,000 houses and killed more than 430 people . Last week , a third typhoon , Lupit , narrowly missed making landfall , but brought lots of rain to the Philippines .	Typhoon Mirinae leaves at least 14 dead , four missing Mirinae is latest in rash of storms to hit region Forecasters say weakened storm will hit Vietnam on Monday
CNN  -- More than two years after releasing its game-changing tablet computer , Apple now actually owns the name "  iPad . " A Chinese court says the company has paid $ 60 million to a Taiwanese firm for the rights , nailing down the name as its own in a country that is increasingly becoming a huge market for electronics . Shenzhen Proview Technology had trademarked the name "  iPad " in 2001 . Apple paid the company about $ 55,000 in 2009 . But Chinese authorities refused to recognize the payment and ruled last year that Proview still owned the name in that country . "  The iPad dispute resolution is ended , " the Guangdong High People 's Court said in a statement acquired by the New York Times . "  Apple Inc. has transferred $ 60 million to the account of the Guangdong High Court as requested in the mediation letter . " Apple did not immediately return a message seeking comment Monday morning . China is already Apple 's second-biggest market behind the United States . It only shows signs of growing as more of its roughly 1.3 billion people become more tech-savvy . A lawyer for Proview told the Times that the company hoped for more money but settled because it has debts to pay . He said it had wanted as much as $ 400 million , according to the Times . Proview had argued that Apple did n't negotiate in good faith , using a shell company that promised not to make competing products under the iPad label . The company alleges the negotiator concealed that he was working for Apple , gave a false name and said the company he represented was IP Application Development -- or IPAD , for short . The dispute certainly has n't slowed demand for the tablet and other Apple products in China . When the iPad 2 was released last year , a skirmish broke out outside a Beijing Apple Store after a man believed to be a scalper was escorted away by security after trying to cut in line . And some Chinese entrepreneurs do n't even worry so much about the Apple products they sell actually being Apple products . Last year , authorities discovered 22 fake Apple Stores in just one city and ordered them to either change their names or shut down . It was unclear at the time whether the gadgets they were selling were actually Apple 's or fakes .	Apple finally acquires the name "  iPad " in China Chinese authorities did n't recognize a deal Apple struck in 2009 Company reportedly pays $ 60 million to Taiwan 's Shenzhen Proview Technology Proview argued Apple negotiated as a fake company : IP Application Development
Skype has disabled its password-reset feature after hackers discovered a security hole in the video-chat service that allows almost anyone to change a user 's password and take control of their account . Skype said "  a small number of users " may have been impacted . The company is investigating the problem . "  Early this morning we were notified of user concerns surrounding the security of the password reset feature on our website . This issue affected some users where multiple Skype accounts were registered to the same email address , " Skype 's Leonas Sendrauskas said in a posting Wednesday . "  We suspended the password reset feature temporarily this morning as a precaution and have made updates to the password reset process today so that it is now working properly , " he added . "  We are reaching out to a small number of users who may have been impacted to assist as necessary . Skype is committed to providing a safe and secure communications experience to our users and we apologize for the inconvenience . " The issue was posted on a Russian forum two months ago , but did not become widely known until it gained traction recently on Reddit and was confirmed by The Next Web , a tech-news blog . To exploit the flaw , all hackers need to know is a victim 's e-mail address tied to his or her Skype account . They then can use that e-mail address to create a new account , and minus a few steps , use a password-reset token to gain access to the user 's account and lock out its original owner . Staffers at The Next Web said they reproduced the attack , step-by-step , and managed to access the Skype accounts of a writer and an editor  with their permission  , using only their e-mail addresses . The issue could have exposed Skype instant messages and users ' personal details , including date of birth . Read more : Digital spying and your e-mail	Hackers discover security hole in Skype that allows outsider to access a user 's account Skype has suspended its password-reset feature temporarily as a precaution The issue was posted on a Russian forum and then gained traction on Reddit
CNN  -- Do gamers prefer to build or destroy ? A look at the combat-intensive themes of most top-selling console games would suggest the latter . But then along came "  Minecraft " for Xbox . The long-established PC game that focused on building and crafting was released for the Xbox earlier this month -- and the results should shake the notion that gamers just want to kill something . In the first 24 hours of the May 9 release , the Minecraft Xbox 360 edition was downloaded more than 400,000 times , smashing the Xbox Arcade 's first-day digital sales record and becoming the fastest selling Xbox Live Arcade title in history . Markus "  Notch " Persson , the creator of Minecraft , tweeted that this console version of Minecraft was "  profitable in an hour . " Since release , Minecraft has been skyrocketing up Xbox Live 's weekly activity ranking . The most recent numbers place Minecraft in second place , ahead of the first-person shooters "  Call of Duty : Black Ops , " "  Battlefield 3 " and "  Halo : Reach , " in addition to the sports title "  FIFA ' 12 . " Only "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " remains ahead , for the moment . This achievement is not surprising to those familiar with the "  Minecraft " mania on the PC , where it was first launched in late 2009 and became a gaming phenomenon . In its first 15 months , Mojang , the gaming company Persson built around Minecraft , reported revenues totaling $ 80 million . "  Minecraft " was not a product of the typical game development and it 's not produced by one of the best-known production companies of the gaming industry . Instead , it was started by Notch -- as he 's known to the game 's fans -- an independent game developer who was willing to experiment with a unique game design , try a risky new online business model and forge a new relationship with gamers . He shared his thoughts on this at the official launch for Minecraft in Las Vegas . "  When I grew up with games , there was a lot of experimentation going on . People would try and create an idea , and not just copy the most successful game out there , " he said . "  Initially I was mostly doing it because of the technical challenge , and then it became fun . " Fortune : Minecraft 's pixelated profit machine The game 's formula is not entirely new . Open world "  sandbox " games have been a part of many successful titles . This is where the player is not restricted to a particular path , either in the game 's physical world or in the game 's narrative . But no one had really taken this concept to the extreme that Notch has . In "  Minecraft , " the player is placed somewhere on a gigantic world at sunrise , and that 's it . There is no apparent storyline , mission or purpose , beyond a few tips and achievements . Players are given a world of their own to do with as they like , which often becomes an addictive adventure of survival , exploration and building . Yes , building . This is the core mechanic of "  Minecraft . " The world is composed of blocks that you can remove and replace . This is first done in order to survive , as players wall themselves in at night , nervously listening to the creatures roaming nearby . But then , if things go well , their imagination takes hold and a simple house becomes a castle , or the Roman Colosseum , or whatever else the player can imagine . Then full-grown adults spend the next four to six hours in a state of childhood bliss , virtually playing with Legos again . When Notch first released Minecraft to the online public , the game was far from finished , and was still in an early Alpha stage . Releasing it at this point held significant risk , he said , as players could dismiss what could be a great game because of the glitches , bugs and the unfinished quality of a pre-beta version . Instead , the opposite happened . "  Fairly soon , people started talking about it and actually appreciating it , " Notch recalled . "  And ever since then , that 's what kept me going -- people actually liking and playing it . " If selling an unfinished game online by himself was n't risky enough , Notch took it a step further by making the classic version of the game available free . This skyrocketed the game 's popularity , and close to 25 million people have since downloaded the game on their PC . More than 5.8 million copies have been purchased . Another result from this unconventional business model is the relationship it has formed between Notch and his fans . Instead of just being consumers , these early players felt they were a part of the game 's development . The game updates felt like gifts to the players , instead of the natural progression toward a title 's release . "  The players got invested in the testing and the suggestions and the feedback kind of early on and actually started buying the game early , " he said . "  The way that they talked about the game is definitely why it 's spread so fast , because there was no marketing before that -- just word of mouth . " One way players talked about "  Minecraft " was through more than 4 million YouTube videos . Notch and his team at Mojang have been very responsive to fan suggestions and ideas , and have also supported the modding community , which has built a host of add-ons for the game . This collaboration has created a loyal following that culminated in November with the official launch of "  Minecraft . " Most gaming companies hope to build interest and a player base with a successful launch , especially for their first title . For "  Minecraft , " the company held a convention in Las Vegas with 5,000 fans from around the world . At this convention Microsoft had a large booth , showing an early playable version of Minecraft for the Xbox 360 . As the crowds swelled , with many dressed as Creepers and other creatures from the game , the Xbox team was surprised by the passion of the fans . "  The level of excitement of everybody here , to be in the room with the creator of one of their favorite games -- you do n't see that on the same level with any other game title , " said Michael Wolf , who does marketing for the Microsoft Xbox Live team . The Xbox launch has brought "  Minecraft " to the console generation , and initial sales indicate they are quickly joining the ranks of block builders . Notch has placed "  Minecraft 's " further development in the hands of his colleague Jens Bergensten , and has turned his sights on developing a space game , tentatively called "  0x10c " . Not much has been revealed so far , except the promise that he will keep experimenting , an approach he 's already proven can work .	PC sensation "  Minecraft " becomes an Xbox 360 best-seller Since May 9 release , "  Minecraft " has been downloaded more than 400,000 times Game 's creator says interactive approach created loyal fans Game is an open-ended "  sandbox " inviting players to explore
CNN  -- Prosecutor Gerrie Nel went on the attack again Thursday , trying to discredit a defense witness for Oscar Pistorius on the last day of testimony before the court takes a two-and-a-half week break . Forensics expert Roger Dixon , on the stand for a third day , was grilled over his interpretation of a reconstruction of the scene where double-amputee runner Pistorius killed girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February last year . One key line of questioning dealt with the position of a magazine rack within the toilet room where she was shot . Under pressure from Nel , Dixon directly contradicted Pistorius ' version of where he saw the magazine rack when he entered the toilet room after shooting Steenkamp . In his own testimony , Pistorius said that when Steenkamp was slumped over the toilet bowl , she was n't on top of the magazine rack . He said it was off to the side . Nel then showed him a photo of the toilet with the magazine rack standing in a pool of blood -- and Pistorius said it must have been placed there . Dixon directly contradicted this in his testimony Thursday , saying the rack was moved after it was in the pool of blood . The question is important in part because Pistorius contends that police contaminated the crime scene by moving certain key items , including the magazine rack . Pistorius also told the court he opened fire after hearing the sound of movement within the toilet room , which made him believe the door was opening . In retrospect , he concluded that what he heard was the magazine rack moving . In his questioning Thursday , Nel also tried to cast doubt on Dixon 's analysis of a mark on the toilet door that the expert says was made by Pistorius kicking it with his prosthesis , and about the expert 's ballistics reconstruction . Bullet ricochet Nel 's aim in the murder trial is to prove that Pistorius intentionally shot and killed Steenkamp after a heated argument in the early hours of Valentine 's Day last year . The defense team is seeking to cast doubt on that account and prove that the star sprinter shot his girlfriend through the closed toilet door after mistaking her for an intruder . In his testimony Wednesday , Dixon disputed a conclusion by a pathologist on the cause of Steenkamp 's back wounds . The pathologist said they were made by a bullet ricochet , while Dixon said they were made by the magazine rack . The autopsy said they were made by a blunt , hard object . Following Dixon 's testimony , the court in Pretoria , South Africa , was adjourned until May 5 . When the court reconvenes , the next defense witness will be Johan Stander , manager of the Silver Woods Estate where Pistorius lived and the first person the athlete called after he shot Steenkamp . Gripping trial The trial is scheduled to continue until the middle of May . Judge Thokozile Masipa will decide the verdict in collaboration with two experts called assessors . South Africa does not have jury trials . If Pistorius is found guilty of premeditated murder , he faces 25 years to life in prison . The trial has gripped South Africa and sports fans worldwide who considered Pistorius a symbol of triumph over physical adversity . His disabled lower legs were amputated when he was a baby , but he went on to achieve global fame as the "  Blade Runner , " winning numerous Paralympic gold medals on the carbon-fiber blades fitted to his prostheses . He also competed against able-bodied runners at the Olympics . Only those in the courtroom saw Pistorius on the stand , because he chose not to testify on camera . His testimony could be heard in an audio feed . INTERACTIVE : Oscar Pistorius on trial : Explore each side 's case	Prosecutor Gerrie Nel seeks to discredit expert defense witness Roger Dixon On the stand , Dixon contradicts Oscar Pistorius ' testimony over position of magazine rack The prosecution says Pistorius intentionally shot and killed Reeva Steenkamp after a fight Pistorius denies murder , saying he mistook his girlfriend for an intruder
CNN  -- The Wiggles have been officially wiggling for 17 years now , entertaining children with music , television , videos and films that have become modern classics . The Wiggles have been entertaining children with colorful , clean-cut songs since 1991 . In Australia , their annual end of year national tour sells over 120,000 tickets , while their U.S. fans include John Travolta , Sarah Jessica Parker , Matthew Broderick , John Fogarty , Shaquille O'Neal , Chris Rock , Courtney Cox-Arquette and Cate Blanchett . And since 2003 , in addition to their native English , they also wiggle in Mandarin and Spanish , reaching out to the Taiwanese and Latin American public , respectively . Anthony Field , Murray Cook and Greg Page met at Macquarie University in Sydney , Australia , where they were studying early childhood education and writing children 's songs . Together with fellow musician Jeff Fatt , who played with Anthony in the popular 1980s band The Cockroaches , they formed The Wiggles and released a self-titled album on ABC Music in 1991 . Fifteen years and 27 DVD releases later , they had been awarded with 17 Gold , 12 Platinum , 3 Double Platinum and 10 Multi Platinum Awards for sales of over 17 million DVDs and 4 million CDs worldwide . They have also been awarded with Highest Selling Children 's Video Sales in 1995 , 1996 , 1998 and 1999 at the ADSDA Awards . The Wiggles made their U.S. debut at the famous Wall Mart in June 1999 , while performing in shopping mall parking lots . In 2003 they performed 12 sold-out shows at Madison Square Garden in New York City and performed to over 250,000 people in November 2005 . That year also initiated a series of amusement-park openings , from Wiggles World at Dream World on the Gold Coast of Australia , to a second Wiggly Play Centre to be launched in Dallas , Texas , USA .	Anthony Field , Murray Cook and Greg Page studied early childhood education Entertain children with music and visuals in English , Mandarin and Spanish U.S. fans include John Travolta , Sarah Jessica Parker , Chris Rock , Cate Blanchett
The grower was alarmed when the police helicopter swooped low over his property . Soon , Bartow County , Georgia , deputies -- "  strapped to the gills " and with a drug dog in tow -- converged on his doorstep . They had the grower dead to rights . Except the plant that the chopper cops had spotted from the air was ... okra . Dwayne Perry of Cartersville told CNN affiliate WSB that he is none too happy about last week 's "  raid " conducted by the governor 's drug suppression task force . "  Here I am , at home and retired and you know I do the right thing , " Perry told the station . "  Then they come to my house strapped with weapons for no reason . It ai n't right . " He received many calls about all of the police officers at his home , Perry said , and he worries that his reputation in the community may suffer . The helicopter was combing the area in search of cannabis plants when it came across the five-leaflet okra plant , the station reported . Marijuana plants can have anywhere between one and 13 leaflets per leaf , depending on maturity and health , but they generally have seven or nine . "  It did have quite a number of characteristics that were similar to a cannabis plant , " Georgia State Patrol Capt. Kermit Stokes told WSB . Upon realizing that it had dispatched officers to confiscate a popular gumbo ingredient , the Georgia State Patrol , which operates the task force , issued an apology , both to Perry and publicly . "  If we disturbed them in any manner , that 's not our intent . Our intent is to go out and do our job and do it to the best of our ability , " Stokes told WSB . It seems like a humorous mistake , only because no one was hurt , but there have been numerous instances in which innocent citizens have been injured or worse when police acted on bogus information . That potentiality did n't escape Perry . "  The more I thought about it , what could have happened ? Anything could have happened , " he told WSB .	Cartersville , Georgia , man says police "  strapped to the gills " came to his house last week A helicopter belonging to a drug task force mistook his okra plants for cannabis , police say Police : Okra plants , cannabis plants have "  quite a number of characteristics " in common Jokes aside , man worries : "  The more I thought about it , what could have happened ? "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- A bomb-laden vehicle exploded near a hospital controlled by Houthis in the northeastern province of Mareb on Sunday , killing at least seven , several local sources told CNN . The Houthis had engaged in protests that essentially halted life in the Yemeni capital until last week , when Yemen 's President , Houthi rebels and major political parties reached a deal to bring an end to the violence . At least two dozen Houthis were injured in Sunday 's attack , with three in critical condition , according to eyewitnesses in Al Gafra district of Mareb . Houthi officials , also known as Ansarullah , refused to comment on details of the attack to CNN . A Twitter account with links to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula claimed responsibility in the attack . The Yemeni government did not immediately blame any group for the attack . Do n't know much about Yemen ? Learn more here Houthis , who follow the Zaidi sect of Shia Islam , seized control of Al Gafra , a highway district connecting Mareb to the Yemeni capital of Sanaa , after four days of clashes with local tribes that ended two weeks ago . Mareb has long been a Sunni tribal stronghold . Experts say the attack against the Houthis is no surprise . "  After the Houthi victory in Sanaa , zl Qaeda knows that Houthis will plan to expand to new areas , mainly Mareb and Baitha provinces . The more they infiltrate Mareb , the more car bombs will target their fighters , " said AbdulSalam Mohammed , president of the Sanaa-based Abaad Strategic Center . On Saturday , Houthi gunmen surrounded the residence of the National Security Bureau Chief , resulting in clashes with his guards . Seven people were killed in the confrontation . Houthis are demanding that major changes within the bureau take place , which includes sacking the current chief . They claim the bureau works closely with the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency . Last week , a U.N.-brokered deal ended more than a month of tense protests by Houthi supporters that resulted in hundreds of people being killed or injured . The deal calls for a ceasefire and for a prime minister to be announced by President Abdurabu Hadi within three days of the signing . No announcement has been made by the government though the deadline passed 48 hours ago . Before the deal was signed , Prime Minister Mohammed Salem Basindwa gave in to the militants ' demands for changes in the government and resigned Sunday , saying he did so for the best of Yemen . The car bomb is the second against Houthis this week . Fifteen Houthi fighters were killed and dozens injured when a vehicle exploded at a building used as a meeting place for Houthi supporters in the northern Saada province earlier in the week . The attack was the first such attack against Houthis in the province of Saada , home of their leader , Abdul Malik Al Houthi . The death toll from the government and Houthi clashes in Sanaa this month exceeds 350 , according to two Ministry of Health officials . More than a thousand people were also injured . Though a ceasefire deal was signed , Houthis continued protesting in Sanaa with hundreds of their fighters still spread in checkpoints in the heart of Sanaa .	A bomb explodes near a Houthi-controlled hospital ; at least seven people are killed The blast comes a week after a U.N.-brokered peace agreement Houthis follow the Zaidi sect of Shia Islam
To veto or not to veto : It 's up to Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer . She must decide if she is going to sign into law legislation that would allow business owners , as long as they assert their religious beliefs , to deny service to gay and lesbian customers . If she approves it , the state could face litigation and a boycott , potentially harming Arizona 's economy and tourism industry as well as next year 's Super Bowl . Arizona lawmakers pass controversial anti-gay bill In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Dana Bash on Monday , Brewer addressed the aspects she must consider . "  I have a history of deliberating and having an open dialogue on bills that are controversial , to listen to both sides of those issues , and I welcome the input and information that they can provide to me . And certainly I am pro-business , and that is what 's turning our economy around , so I appreciate their input , as I appreciate the other side , " she said . Earlier , Brewer told CNN that her decision will come after she returns this week to Arizona from Washington , where she has been attending National Governors Association meetings . "  I have to look at what it says and what the law says and take that information and do the right thing , " she said . The bill was sent to Brewer on Monday and she has five days to sign it , veto it , or do nothing and it would become law . She has been a conservative champion for much of her five years in office . And if that 's any indication , the measure could very well become law . But it 's not that straightforward . Her conservative creds As secretary of state , Brewer landed the gubernatorial gig in 2009 after previous Gov. Janet Napolitano left her job to head the Department of Homeland Security . Just over a year into her tenure , Brewer rose to national prominence after signing SB1070 into law , a strict immigration measure also known as the "  show me your papers " law that allows law enforcement to ask people for legal documents , which critics say leads to racial profiling of Latinos . She made national headlines again for wagging her finger at President Barack Obama on a Phoenix tarmac after he stepped off of Air Force One over immigration . In her bid for re-election in 2012 , she won the endorsement of the National Rifle Association , even though her primary opponent sat on the organization 's board of directors . The endorsement was well-earned , as was her A + rating . Under her , Arizona became one of three states to allow people to carry concealed weapons without a permit . And people can take concealed weapons into restaurants or bars with a permit if no alcohol is consumed . But her conservative credentials took a bit of a beating last year when she said Arizona would participate in the controversial expansion of Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act . Many conservative governors chose to opt out , but Brewer called it a "  moral " obligation to provide health care for the poor and uninsured . LGBT record While social and religious conservatives hope her conservative principles continue to guide her action regarding the LGBT measure , her record on lesbian and gay issues is thin . Nathan Rhoton , vice president of Equality Arizona , said that Brewer 's record on related issues is "  largely unproven . " While she vetoed a similar measure last year , it had nothing to do with the content of the bill , but political power plays inside the Arizona state Capitol . The one substantive time she acted was not on the side of gay rights . She ended domestic partner benefits for state employees , which was a measure her predecessor implemented . Brewer said the state could n't afford it , and she defended her decision in court . "  She 's been mostly silent on the issue of marriage equality and those types of things , " Rhoton said . LGBT rights : The patchwork states of America Some insight Where Brewer has a proven record is in the area of Arizona businesses , cutting regulations and taxes . And that could provide the clearest signal on what Brewer might do this week . Some influential business groups in Arizona oppose SB1062 , the "  religious freedom bill . " A letter that numerous business leaders sent Brewer on Monday encouraged her to oppose it . "  After analyzing the bill , we are very concerned about the effect it could have on Arizona 's economy , " said the letter , signed by the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry , among others . "  We can not support measures that could expose our businesses to litigation , nor do we want to send a message that our state is anything but an open and attractive place for visitors and the top talent that will be the cornerstone of our continued economic growth . " And Brewer is well liked in the business community . "  We believe she 's done more than any governor nationwide to improve the economic competitiveness in her state , " said Garrick Taylor , a spokesman for the Arizona Chamber . "  We know this governor always does what she believes is in the best interest of the state . " And LGBT rights groups hope that her close ties with the business community is enough to persuade her to oppose it . "  This is where we hope her pro-business stance will prevail , " Rhoton said . Growing support Brewer is also facing growing support for a veto . Is same-sex marriage no longer a political issue ? Public pressure is mounting . Another major protest took place Monday evening outside the state Capitol . Businesses are hanging signs in their windows that read "  open for business to everyone ! " Both Arizona senators , Republicans John McCain and Jeff Flake , have publicly urged Brewer to veto . And according to the local newspaper in Prescott , state Sen. Steve Pierce , who voted for the measure , is now urging Brewer to pick up her veto pen . While the measure is not about same-sex marriage , a likely indicator of where Arizonans stand on the SB1062 is a Behavior Research Center 's Rocky Mountain Poll from last year . It found that a majority of Arizonans support same-sex marriage . Kim Fridkin , an Arizona State University professor of political science , noted that "  it 's an extreme measure even for  conservative  Arizona . " "  She 'll be viewed more reasonable than liberal " if she vetoes it , Fridkin said . A spokesman for the NFL , which will host Super Bowl XLIX , in Glendale next February , said the league is watching developments in Arizona . "  Our policies emphasize tolerance and inclusiveness , and prohibit discrimination based on age , gender , race , religion , sexual orientation , or any other improper standard , " Brian McCarthy said .	The fate of SB1062 rests with Brewer , who says she will "  do the right thing " for Arizona She cites her "  open dialogue on bills that are controversial " Conservative record might show what she 'll do ; LGBT advocates pin hopes on business ties NFL , which will host Super Bowl in Arizona next year , says it is monitoring situation But
CNN  -- Two Russian bombers have landed at a Venezuelan airfield , from which they will carry out training flights for several days , the Russian Defense Ministry said Wednesday . Russia 's Tupolev TU-160 , pictured here in 2003 , is a long-range strategic bomber . The Tupolev Tu-160 strategic bombers landed at Venezuela 's Libertador military airfield and "  will spend several days carrying out training flights over neutral waters , after which they will return to the base , " Interfax reported , citing the Russian Defense Ministry . Col. Alexander Drobyshevsky , a ministry spokesman , told Interfax that NATO fighters followed the bombers on their 13-hour flight over the Arctic Ocean and the Atlantic . "  All flights by air force aircraft have been and are marked by strict conformity to the international rules on the use of air space over neutral waters , " Drobyshevsky told Interfax . The U.S. will monitor the Russian training , said Pentagon officials who asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak on the information . On Monday , Russia announced it might hold joint naval maneuvers with Venezuela in the Caribbean . The declaration came in the wake of increased tension between Russia and the United States over Russia 's invasion last month of the former Soviet republic of Georgia , a U.S. ally that aspires to join NATO . Russia on Monday denied any link between that announcement and the conflict in Georgia , although Russia has criticized U.S. support for Georgia , and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has long antagonized Washington . Earlier this month , Chavez said Venezuela would welcome the Russian air force , according to Russian news agency Novosti . "  If Russian long-range bombers should need to land in Venezuela , we would not object to that either . We will also welcome them , " Chavez said on September 1 , according to Novosti . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this story	Russian bombers will use airfield for training over neutral waters , Interfax reports Russian Defense Ministry spokesman : NATO fighters followed bombers Venezuelan president had said he 'd welcome Russian air force , Novosti reports
CNN  -- Earl Lane , 35 , used to have a bad habit he thinks too many American men share : He never went to the doctor . Lane made decent money working at the popcorn plant near Marion , Indiana , but his job did n't come with health benefits . A doctor 's visit was way out of his price range -- or so he thought . A family member was on the board of the Indiana Health Centers . She told him he should at least get a physical there . The center charges patients on a sliding scale based on a patient 's income . Eventually , Lane gave into family pressure . "  And it 's a good thing I did . Going to the center saved my life . It was truly a blessing , " Lane said . "  The doctor tested my triglycerides , and then he tested them again because he just could n't believe the number . He kept asking ` Are you sure you feel OK ? ' " The test registered Lane 's triglycerides in the 2,000 range . A healthy person 's numbers are supposed to be around 150 mg/dl . An extremely high triglyceride number like Lane 's can be a sign of type 2 diabetes . Further tests showed Lane was diabetic -- dangerously so . "  I praise God that He keeps His Hand on me and in this case His Hand came through the Indiana Health Centers , " Lane said . Community health centers that qualify for federal funding could help some 22 million Americans , many of whom are uninsured . The centers often provide medical , mental health and dental services . For many it 's the only access to medical care they have outside of an expensive emergency room visit . And now these centers are going to play an even bigger role in helping people get access to care . U.S. manages disease , not health The Obama administration announced Wednesday its first big push to help educate uninsured people about the health coverage they 'll qualify for under Obamacare . The health care law expands who is eligible for Medicaid and makes insurance available to people who would n't have qualified before because of pre-existing conditions . Starting next January , all Americans must have health insurance or face a financial penalty . Open enrollment for state-based health exchanges that will provide this more affordable coverage will start in October . The Obama administration 's education effort comes in the form of $ 150 million . Grants will go to 1,159 community health centers that are spread out through all 50 states . Doctors working in fast-food restaurants Health centers will use these new federal grants to create bilingual education materials about changes in the law . Money will go to training so that medical staff knows how to sign patients up for insurance . Funding will also pay to hire some 2,900 additional workers who will do specific community outreach . Polls show a large percentage of Americans do n't know about the law or how it works . The Obama administration thinks these health centers can make a huge impact in spreading the word . Federally qualified health centers "  are the trusted resources not only of good care but of information in some of the neighborhoods that stand to benefit the most from the expansion of our health coverage , " Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said . "  The next few months represent an unprecedented opportunity for millions of Americans to get connected to the security , quality , and affordability health coverage provides -- in some cases for the first time ever . " Angela Curran knows a number of her clients at the Community Nurse Health Center will need help understanding Obamacare . The CEO 's health center in La Grange , Illinois , provides medical services to people concentrated in the Western suburbs of Chicago . She estimates more than 36,000 people in her area will qualify for insurance through the new state exchanges and the expanded Medicaid benefits . Community Nurse Health Association received a $ 74,586 grant through the new HHS initiative . Finalized rules let religious groups opt out of contraception "  There is a lot of work to be done to let people know that they will qualify and to even help them understand at a basic level what health insurance is , " Curran said . "  These are things many of us who have health insurance take for granted that people understand , how it works , but that 's just not the case if you have always grown up in an environment without it . "  We 'll explain the essentials like ` What does insurance mean for me ? ' We 'll tell them that preventative care will now be covered . We 'll explain how to maximize their benefits and how to look for a doctor in network . This will be a real learning curve for people . " Curran said her center will use the grant to train staff how to help people sign up for insurance . It will also help the center hire an additional staffer who will do a kind of Obamacare education blitz . "  If there is a library event , a park district gathering or a school registration meeting , we will be there letting people know , " she said . Myths about Obamacare President and CEO Elvin Plank said Indiana Health Centers have contacted all the hospitals in their coverage areas in preparation for their grant 's arrival . "  Since a lot of uninsured folks use emergency rooms for their primary care , we thought we 'd target patients there . Our staffers handling outreach will let people there know that they will no longer have to use the expensive emergency room any more to treat their chronic conditions . " Earl Lane , who continues to have help managing his diabetes from the Indiana Health Center in Marion , believes so much in the good that these centers can do , he 's joined their board . "  I know many men will forgo their own good health if it means they can have more money to feed their families , " Lane said . "  But now so many more people will be able to get access to primary care services because of this law , and now because of this grant , more people will know about it . The good Lord is clearly keeping an eye on all of us . " States saying ` no ' to Medicaid expansion , but low-income	$ 150 million in grants will help medical centers spread the word about Obamacare 22 million Americans use community health centers for medical treatment For millions , Obamacare will be the first time they 've ever had health insurance
JAIPUR , India  CNN  -- Baby Manjhi has no nationality , no legal mother and no clear path home from India to Japan to a father and grandmother who desperately want her . Baby Manjhi , a surrogate child , has been stuck in legal limbo . Her adoptive parents divorced before her birth . "  From deep inside my heart , I want to return immediately to my own country with my grandchild , " said Emiko Yamada , the girl 's grandmother . At just two weeks old , Manjhi Yamada is stuck in legal limbo -- the offspring of commercial surrogacy and a divorce before she was even born . Some countries and parts of the United States have banned surrogacy as a money-making venture , but India legalized it in 2002 . Under the practice , infertile couples are matched with local women to carry babies for $ 12,000 to $ 30,000 . Watch grandmother plead for baby 's release " It 's a booming business , worth an estimated $ 445 million a year . "  Cheap mothers are available here . There is so much poverty . ... It 's employment for them , " says Dr. Sadhana Arya with India 's Arya Hospital . "  You have treated the surrogate mother like an object , used her as a factory , produced something , given money for it . " But , she says , the final product "  is a live child . " Arya , who is part of the team now treating Manjhi , says such pregnancies -- dubbed "  wombs for rent " by critics -- can have a broader human toll . She feels especially anguished for the father and grandmother in this case . "  It is absolutely traumatic , especially for the grandmother , because they have a visa for a limited period of time , " Arya said . "  What happens if the period expires ? How do they manage the problem ? Where do they leave the baby ? Where does the baby stay ? Who cares for the baby ? " Baby Manjhi was created when a Japanese husband and wife paid a clinic in India to have the husband 's sperm and an anonymous donor 's egg implanted in the womb of an Indian surrogate . The plan worked . But a few months before Manjhi was born , the Japanese couple divorced . The intended Japanese mother decided she did not want the baby as well . She was born July 25 in Anand , a town near Ahmedabad in western India . Kaival Hospital , which contracted with the couple to create the child , has become extremely popular with foreigners from around the world who want surrogate children . As soon as Manjhi was born , her father , Ikufumi Yamada , and grandmother traveled from Japan to pick her up and take her to her new home . But Indian law stopped them . In order to get a passport for the baby , the mother must be present . In this case , neither the birth mother nor the mother who had originally sought the child wanted to be involved . Manjhi 's father looked into a legal adoption , but Indian law says a single man is not fit to adopt a baby girl . The Japanese Embassy says it can not help without some sort of travel documents from India as well . "  I think obviously India owes an obligation to speed up the legal and judicial process so that the child is able to travel as soon as possible , " said Indira Jaising , a senior advocate for India 's Supreme Court . Then , with Manjhi stuck in legal limbo , she became sick and had to be hospitalized . Without her birth mother around , the tiny child refused to eat and became dehydrated . She also contracted septicemia . Her father and grandmother were heartbroken as they found themselves in a legal mess with a sick baby girl in a country where they did n't know the law and did n't speak any of the languages . The father , who happens to be a doctor , has gone back to Japan to see patients and seek further legal counsel . The 70-year-old grandmother , Emiko Yamada , has stayed put . Uneasy about how the baby was created , she comes to the hospital to cradle her granddaughter day and night , and has become so attached , she says , she can not imagine going home without Manjhi . "  I am very worried and stressed . Why ca n't they let her father take his child ? " the grandmother says . Arya is one of two doctors now caring for the child . Her hospital had nothing to do with the surrogacy . Baby Manjhi was brought to her hospital in Jaipur because the Yamadas had a friend there who could help them communicate . The doctors have stabilized Manjhi . When they heard the extent of the child 's legal jeopardy , their immediate reaction was to get personally involved . "  I think this should end . There should be stricter laws , " Arya said . From Japan to America , people are coming to India in droves for surrogates . Peter Kaestner with the U.S. Embassy in India says demands on its staff from U.S. citizens with surrogacy issues in India are on the rise . "  Half of the citizenship cases that they do now in Mumbai are from surrogates , " Kaestner says . In this case , it 's a Japanese national who is facing the tangled legal and ethical issues surrounding the business of surrogacy . As for Manjhi , there is hope . She has finally been issued a birth certificate with just her Japanese father 's name on it , which might be enough to get her visa to travel to Japan . "  I will not leave India without her , no matter what , " the child 's grandmother says .	Commercial surrogacy in India is a booming business , worth an estimated $ 445M Baby Manjhi is in legal limbo as her Japanese father wants to bring her home India law forbids a single father to legally adopt a child "  I am very worried and stressed , " the child 's grandmother says
Rolling Stone.com  -- Tupac Shakur 's slew of posthumous works just got a little odder . The late rapper 's songs are set to be featured in an upcoming musical , "  Holler if Ya Hear Me , " which will hopefully hit Broadway in the 2013-14 theater season . Produced by Shakur 's mother , Afeni Shakur , the musical is an original story about two childhood friends in a fictional Midwestern industrial city as they struggle to meet their dreams in the face of tough circumstances . RS : The 50 coolest summer jams of all time "  Tupac was a prophet and I want everyone to see that , " director Kenny Leon -- whose credits include A Raisin in the Sun and Fences -- told Broadway.com . " -LSB- Holler if Ya Hear Me -RSB- is a present-day musical using all of Tupac 's music , but Tupac is not a character in the musical . " RS : Tupac Shakur 's Godmother added to FBI Most-Wanted Terrorists List Todd Kreidler , an associate director for Fences , wrote the book while choreography will be handled by Tony winner Wayne Cilento  Wicked , Sweet Charity  . The musical is currently being workshopped with no theater or casting announced . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Holler if Ya Hear Me " may come to Broadway in the 2013-14 season It 's being produced by his mother , Afeni Shakur Tupac is not a character in the musical
Congressional negotiators had no agreements to report Saturday , but they issued positive reports on their talks to end a partial government shutdown and avert a default on government debt . "  Cordial " was the word Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , used to describe his "  preliminary " discussions with Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . "  Good " discussions were going on among Senate leaders , said Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , "  so I think all of us want to support those efforts , and hopefully they bear fruit over the weekend . " Supporters stand by representatives and government shutdown For all the positive talk , the only actions Saturday fell into the "  no " category : -- Republican leaders said President Barack Obama rejected their proposal for a six-week debt limit extension . -- The Senate defeated a procedural measure to extend the debt limit with no strings attached . -- Reid said a proposal by a bipartisan group of senators , led by Republican Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , is no longer on the table because it treated opening the government as a "  concession . " Reid continues to demand that any plan include a "  clean " bill with no strings attached that raises the debt limit and reopens the government . Countdown to default The Treasury Department says it will be unable to pay the government 's bills unless the debt limit is increased by Thursday . The partial shutdown of government services has been in effect since October 1 . 7 crazy side effects from the shutdown Christine Lagarde , head of the International Monetary Fund , said Saturday the consequences of a failure to raise the debt limit would be dire for economies around the world . She spoke to CNN 's Richard Quest at an Institute of International Finance conference in Washington . "  You know , I 've just spent the last two days with representatives of about 188 countries around the world . I would n't say they are confident . I would say they are concerned , and they are very anxious to see this crisis resolved , because they know it 's going to impact on their economy , " Lagarde said . Senate Democrats meet with president Senate Democrats met with Obama for 75 minutes Saturday afternoon . A Senate Democratic leadership aide said the party is unified . "  Democrats are willing to negotiate on anything Republicans want to discuss as soon as we reopen the government and pay our bills , " said the aide . Another Democratic source said party leaders regard Republicans as lacking a coherent position . They hope McConnell can "  cut through the clutter , " the source told CNN 's Dana Bash . The sources , who are familiar with the talks , spoke on the condition of anonymity so they could speak candidly . Despite the lack of agreement , Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , said progress was being made . "  I think our Republican colleagues are moving in our direction with the fact that Obamacare is not a major part of the discussion anymore among most all Senate and many House Republicans , " he said . No votes on Sunday Before the White House meeting , the Senate 's second highest-ranking Democrat , Richard Durbin of Illinois , told CNN 's Deirdre Walsh that Democrats hoped to reach agreement with Republican negotiators before stock markets open Monday . Even if that optimistic timetable could be met , a deal could not be voted upon Sunday . Will 2014 election solve anything ? The Senate is scheduled to come back into session at 1 p.m. ET Sunday , but no votes are planned and Senators have been told their presence is not required . The House is not scheduled to meet until Monday afternoon . Even as he demanded a "  clean " bill , Reid said it was encouraging that McConnell had approached him to start their weekend talks . "  I hope that our talking is some solace to the American people and the world , " Reid said . He said McConnell had approached him . "  This has n't happened until now , " Reid said . Obama-Boehner talks stall Republican leadership told the Republican caucus during a Saturday morning meeting that the president will not accept their proposal to raise the debt limit for six weeks . Rep. Raul Labrador , R-Idaho , told CNN Saturday that "  the President rejected our deal . " Paul Ryan steps into budget fight The standstill came after a Friday afternoon phone call between Boehner and Obama in which they decided to keep talking . Rep. Adam Kinzinger , R-Illinois , said the President is waiting for a better offer . "  It does n't seem like the White House is serious at all about entering negotiations with us until they see what comes out of the Senate . If they get something out of the Senate that 's weaker than our negotiated position , it obviously strengthens their position , " Kinzinger said . While Democrats flat out rejected Boehner 's proposal , even some Republicans did n't like it . That 's because it lacked a mechanism in the House proposal to immediately reopen the government , which has been partially shut down since October 1 , prompting the furlough of hundreds of thousands of workers , the closing of national parks and an increase in public anger .	Senate Democrats hope McConnell will "  cut through the clutter " of GOP positions No agreements , but senators of both parties offer positive words The President "  rejected " House GOP proposal , Republican lawmaker says House Republicans have been sidelined
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of militants attacked American and Afghan troops in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday , opening fire on an outpost from multiple locations with rockets , mortars and heavy-caliber machine guns , according to an initial U.S. military report on the battle . U.S. troops walk past a group of armored vehicles on Saturday at a military base in Afghanistan . At least eight American troops and two members of the Afghan National Security Force died -- the largest number of Americans killed by hostile action in a single day in more than a year , according to CNN records . At least 13 Afghan police officers were captured in the attack , according to Haji Abdul Halim , the deputy governor of Nuristan province , where the battle took place . The fighting lasted about 12 hours , with the militants firing down on the joint U.S.-Afghan outpost from ridgelines above the base , a senior U.S. military official with direct knowledge of the first reports told CNN . The official said the report was preliminary and subject to change as more information came in . The official said portions of the outpost burst into flame and burned down , but was not able to say if the blaze caused injuries or deaths . Watch how attack involved hundreds of militants " The militants also fired from a local mosque , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force said . The Afghan Ministry of Defense said hundreds of militant fighters surrounded two outposts in the attack . The terrain and the weather worked against U.S. troops , the U.S. military source said . The attackers ' firing positions in the mountains made it tough for U.S. troops to fight back , and bad weather made it hard for troops to fire back effectively , the source said . Coalition forces repelled the attack , inflicting "  heavy enemy casualties , " and calling in airstrikes , the alliance said . The military source said air support arrived within 30 minutes , and that the attackers did not succeed in getting inside the outpost . The official asked not to be identified because the incident is under investigation and the Pentagon is trying to ensure families of the deceased are informed before the military says more . "  My heart goes out to the families of those we have lost and to their fellow soldiers who remained to finish this fight , " said Col. Randy George , commander of Task Force Mountain Warrior . "  This was a complex attack in a difficult area . Both the U.S. and Afghan soldiers fought bravely together ; I am extremely proud of their professionalism and bravery . " ISAF withheld the identities of the deceased until family members were notified . The U.S. does not have any indication that the death toll will rise , a U.S. military representative in Afghanistan told CNN . Before Saturday 's incident , the U.S. had announced plans to leave the post that came under attack . Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan , has said he wants to focus more on protecting Afghan civilians rather than holding remote outposts like the one that was attacked Saturday . The last time American troops suffered so many casualties in a single day was July 13 , 2008 , when Afghan militants attempted to overrun a base in the village of Wanat , also in eastern Afghanistan . At least nine Americans died that day , and the base was abandoned days later . Militants "  attempted to break into that base , " said Mark Laity , a NATO spokesman , a day after the attack last summer . They did make some penetration , he said , "  but overall they were repelled and they took very heavy casualties themselves . " Two days later , the base was "  disestablished , " ISAF said . The Wanat attack was the deadliest attack on U.S. troops in three years , and prompted a Pentagon investigation . The U.S. Army unit that came under attack did n't get enough intelligence that 200 insurgents were in the area and poised to attack , two officials told CNN in the wake of the battle . However , the failure of intelligence is only one angle the Pentagon investigated . The report has not yet been released . The U.S. military in Afghanistan declined to comment on comparisons between the Wanat attack and the one on Saturday . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and CNN 's Atia Abawi and journalist Matiullah Mati in Kabul , Afghanistan , contributed to this report .	NEW : Battle lasted 12 hours as hundreds of militants fired on outpost , official says Eight U.S. troops , two members of Afghan National Security Force killed in fighting Coalition forces say they called in airstrikes , repelled attack from militants Incident marks deadliest day for U.S. troops in Afghanistan since 2008
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korea has fired 25 short-range rockets from its east coast into open water , in what appears to be a "  provocative " action , a South Korean Ministry of National Defense spokesman said Sunday . "  We evaluate it as a firing demonstration in response to the joint drill between South Korea and the U.S. . We are currently additionally analyzing its intention , " said spokesman Kim Min-Seok , warning , "  North Korea should halt any actions that can stir military tension and create uneasiness to the neighboring countries . " South Korean officials said earlier that the North had fired only 10 rockets . The rockets appear to be FROGs , which stands for "  Free Rockets Over Ground . " They were developed in the Soviet Union before the advent of missiles , Kim said . "  It does not have a guidance system and is  a  free-fall system . North Korea had developed it in the '60s , " the spokesman said . Earlier Sunday , South Korea said the rockets appeared to travel about 70 kilometers into the Sea of Japan , according to defense officials who asked not to be identified by name as a matter of security protocol . Such actions have drawn criticism from South Korea and the West . The U.S. State Department said it 's aware of the reports of rocket launches by North Korea and is closely monitoring the situation . "  We once again call on North Korea to refrain from provocative actions that aggravate tensions , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said . But North Korea has defended the series of short-range launches it has carried out in recent weeks . "  It is justifiable self-defense behavior for us to conduct these military exercises in order to preserve peace in the region and to protect the safety of our people and our country , " the government said , according to state-run media .	NEW : South Korea says North fired 25 rockets in "  provocative " act North Korea must refrain from provocative actions , U.S. State Department says North Korea fired rockets toward the Sea of Japan , South Korea says North Korea called its actions "  justifiable self-defense behavior "
Paris , France  CNN  -- No matter whatever else happens in tennis ' clay-court season , Rafael Nadal is almost an automatic at the French Open . Nadal won an unprecedented ninth title at Roland Garros and now only trails Roger Federer on the men 's grand slam ladder after seeing off Novak Djokovic 3-6 7-5 6-2 6-4 on a third consecutive day of steamy weather in Paris , which did no favors for the Serb -- who appeared to vomit slightly in the last set . Their tussle could n't compare to last year 's five-set classic in the semifinals or their six-hour duel at the Australian Open in 2012 but the final outcome , to Nadal 's delight , is that he tied Pete Sampras on 14 majors , three behind the 32-year-old Federer . "  You are a great champion , Rafa , " Sampras said in an email sent to CNN . "  Congratulations on number 14 . " Nadal was supposed to be vulnerable here . He merely won one European clay-court title this year before Paris , his lowest haul since 2004 -- and that year the Spaniard skipped the campaign 's second major . There were upset defeats in Monte Carlo and Barcelona , and Nadal 's coach , Toni Nadal , admitted he only won in Madrid because his opponent , Kei Nishikori , was hurt . With every passing encounter against Djokovic at the French Open , the Serb had won more games and kept Nadal on court for longer . He was getting closer . His victory over Nadal in the Rome final in May , his fourth straight overall against the left-hander , gave his backers greater hope . "  My best was n't  like it was  against him in Rome , " Djokovic told reporters . Nadal , however , stormed into this year 's finale in record time -- for him -- playing a near flawless three final sets against 2013 finalist David Ferrer , crushing Andy Murray in the semis and lifting his game when it mattered against Djokovic , minus a rare hiccup late in the fourth set . "  Mentally I was so strong , " said Nadal , 28 . "  I really wanted to defeat him . When there were problems cropping up , I managed to find the solutions . " Yes , if Djokovic needed any reminding , Nadal at the French Open -- in a best-of-five format -- is a different character to the one that competes in prep tournaments in a shorter format . He 's 66-1 at the French , with those nine titles alongside . Despite that , the notoriously tough Toni Nadal said his nephew was "  not special . " "  If Rafa has done it , I 'm sure another can do it , " he told reporters . "  Rafael is not special ... another can do the same . But it 's not easy . To win nine in 10 years is for me , unbelievable . " Djokovic , in tears during the trophy presentation , will have to wait to complete his grand slam collection . He missed out , too , on reclaiming the No. 1 ranking from Nadal . While Nadal 's knees have constantly troubled the Mallorcan throughout his career , the heat has never been Djokovic 's friend . He suffered against Ernests Gulbis on Friday , the first time high temperatures were a factor this fortnight , but had enough to see off the rejuvenated Latvian in four sets . On Sunday -- unlike two days ago -- he donned a cap from the outset in an attempt to lessen the effects of the sun . Djokovic said in his post-match news conference it was "  normal that you have ups and downs " physically against Nadal at the French Open but his influential co-coach , Marian Vajda , blamed his two-match dip on a "  stomach problem . " He lamented his charge 's normally splendid return game . "  I was not happy with his return today , " Vajda told reporters . But he added , "  Rafa changed his serve very good , mixed it up and caught him a bit off balance . He served very smart , where to serve and Novak was a bit unsure . " As popular as Djokovic is for his dance moves , humor -- and chatting to ball kids during rain delays -- it was Nadal who received the louder applause as they walked on court . Djokovic is always playing catch up when it comes to matching Federer , Nadal , and even Murray , in support , at least at the start of proceedings . Both players were untroubled on serve until the eighth game , when Nadal 's forehand -- uncharacteristically -- went off . He missed three inside-out forehands to gift Djokovic a 5-3 lead . For the first time in six tries at Roland Garros , Djokovic claimed the opening set against Nadal . A more aggressive Nadal broke for 4-2 in the second , yet he did n't cruise thereafter . A double fault contributed to an immediate break back and the set went on serve until 6-5 . Serving to stay in the second set for a second time , Djokovic crumbled . Nadal let out a large roar after pummeling a forehand winner for 7-5 . The tennis was hardly scintillating but by the end of the second , Nadal 's forehand returned . The points and games were becoming extended , exactly the type of battle that favored Nadal . The outlook shifted . "  Without that second set , I do n't know if I have this trophy with me now , " said Nadal . A fired-up Nadal , the crowd still on the defending champion 's side and the issues with his body all seemed to weigh down Djokovic . He dumped a simple looking backhand volley into the net on a serve-and-volley to trail 2-0 . Djokovic 's frustration boiled over when he slammed his racket to the court after erring on a cross-court backhand at 2-4 . That seventh game would be pivotal . Nadal could n't convert a handful of game points but slammed the door shut when Djokovic suddenly found himself with a break point . He sealed the 10-minute game with the aid of trademark defense -- and an unforced backhand error from the Serb . It was a matter of "  when " not "  if " Nadal would break in the fourth and it came in the sixth game . But what happened next was n't in the script : A shaky Nadal forehand , double fault and errant smash handed Djokovic a lifeline , 4-3 . Such a nervy game from Nadal in a grand slam final is almost never witnessed . Wanting more tennis , the fans , for the first time , began chanting , "  Novak , Novak . " A re-energized Djokovic obliged to make it 4-4 . Djokovic 's time to pounce was now , but he let Nadal off the hook . Allowing Nadal to convert a forehand winner down the line , Djokovic pounded his head with his racket . Djokovic blew a 30-0 lead in the final game , undone by a double fault on match point after a fan called out during his earlier service motion , forcing him to start over . "  I was happy with  Novak 's  performance " in the tournament , said Vajda . "  Maybe he had these problems a bit , he was fighting himself . It 's always tough to lose in the final but I think he 's a fighter . He will move to the  next  grand slam . " Nadal sunk to his knees , and like women 's champion Maria Sharapova on Saturday after her victory over Simona Halep made the trek to the players ' box . The outcome was even sweeter for Nadal after a back injury rendered him less than 100 % in January 's Australian Open final against Stan Wawrinka . Before turning his thoughts to Wimbledon , where Nadal has been upset the previous two years , you can be sure he 'll be doing some celebrating Sunday night . And it 's in southwest Paris , again .	Rafael Nadal wins French Open for record ninth time Beats Novak Djokovic in four-set final Victory confirms Nadal in world number one spot Djokovic still searching for first French Open title
CNN  It 's been over six decades since the Korean Demilitarized Zone  DMZ  was established , creating a buffer zone between North and South Korea that 's often referred to as the world 's most tense border . But remaining relatively untouched for all those years has had an unintended effect on this 250-kilometer long , four kilometer wide no-man 's land . Home to five rivers and several mountains , it 's become a thriving natural habitat for thousands of plant and animal species . And if South Korea has its way , the DMZ will eventually be transformed into an ecology peace park . The proposal is high on Seoul 's agenda at this week 's Ramsar Convention , an international meeting on wetlands taking place in Switzerland . "  A Korean delegation to the standing committee meeting of the Ramsar Convention will brief international organization officials about the DMZ peace park plan to seek cooperation , " said an official of the Ministry of Unification , the government office responsible for inter-Korean relations , in a Korea Times report . "  It aims to broaden international support for the project , " added the official . North Korea not on board Apart from the thousands of soldiers stationed at the DMZ , the heavily fortified border is home to more than 1,200 varieties of plants and thousands of animal species -- including endangered wildlife like the Asiatic Black Bear and Amur leopard . It 's not the first time the idea to turn the DMZ into an ecology park has been raised . The South Korean government first introduced the plan in 2013 . It brought it up again in an official statement in 2014 , saying the park could become a symbol of peace between the two Koreas . The South 's Ministry of Unification even listed it as one of its new year plans for 2014 . So why enlist the international community 's assistance ? "  As the southern part of DMZ is under the control of the United Nations Command , it is important for Seoul to gain global support for the DMZ park plan , " reports the Korea Times . But the biggest challenge will be to persuade North Korea to get on board with the plan . Pyongyang has repeatedly rejected the idea , dismissing it as an attempt to make money off tourists .	South Korea hopes to gain international support for a plan to turn the Korean Demilitarized Zone into an ecology park Natural species have thrived for the last six decades since the area was declared a demilitarized zone
CNN  -- "  Liz and Dick " had nothing on this Lifetime movie . Like that previous Lifetime attempt , viewers on Twitter loved to hate "  Aaliyah : The Princess of R&B . " Fans of the late singer were none too pleased with it , and it 's little wonder that her family reportedly provided no support to it  none of her original songs were in the film either  . Original star Zendaya Coleman backed out of the movie earlier this year , saying it all seemed "  a little rushed . " One of her producers , Timbaland , made no bones about his dissatisfaction with the movie as well . Aaliyah had a very successful recording career , singing many hits before her tragic death at age 22 in a 2001 plane crash . The biopic -- especially some of the casting -- was seen as so bad that it spawned at least two hashtags , " #LifetimeBeLike " and " #LifetimeBiopic . " Below , a few good examples of the many , many tweets on the topic . Before the biopic aired , producers defended it . The Washington Post reported that executive producers Howard Braunstein and Debra Martin Chase , as well as Christopher Farley , the author of "  Aaliyah : More Than a Woman , " on which the movie was based , said it was their goal to present a tasteful tribute to the late singer . "  Biopics are hard , " Chase said . "  People have an opinion and social media allows them to voice that opinion . But at the end of the day , our goal was to make the best movie possible . " Tell us what you thought about the movie in the comments .	NEW : Producers defended the film Lifetime 's TV-movie about late singer Aaliyah received widespread disdain on Twitter Fans critiqued the casting , which they felt was all wrong Aaliyah 's family gave no support to the movie
CNN  -- At least three people were killed Sunday when a passenger train derailed near Toronto , Canadian officials said . All three people were employees of Via Rail Canada , Michelle Lamarche , a spokeswoman for the railway , said , calling it a "  very sad day for Via . " At least 45 passengers were injured , three severely , according to John Marginson , chief operating officer of Via . The derailment occurred around 3:30 p.m. in Burlington , about 40 miles southwest of Toronto , Lamarche said . The train , carrying 75 passengers , was traveling from Niagara Falls to Toronto , according to Lamarche . An investigation into the cause of the wreck is under way .	NEW : 45 passengers are injured , rail line official says Those killed were employees of Via Rail Canada The train was carrying 75 passengers
CNN  -- DMX wo n't sit down with Wendy Williams to talk about his legal troubles this week because of the rapper 's arrest Monday , his spokesman said . "  DMX , you are loved , but if you 're not here by Friday , we 've got to move on with our plans , " Williams said on her show Tuesday , hours after the rapper was arrested on charges of driving with a suspended license and having no car tag or insurance . The rapper , whose real name is Earl Simmons , has been arrested several times in his home state of South Carolina in recent months . He had been booked to appear on "  The Wendy Williams Show " in New York on Wednesday , but he 's decided to stay at home "  due to recent media scrutiny , " representative Domenick Nati said . "  The team apologizes to his fans who were anticipating his performance , but we are holding off on interviews and focusing on making music and organizing a world tour , " Nati said . Williams talked about his troubles on her show Tuesday . "  This is not this man 's fault . This man needs help , and that 's why I just wanted to have a conversation with him . I was n't trying to fix him . " DMX was pulling up to the Greenville-Spartanburg International Airport on Monday evening to catch a flight to New York when he was stopped . An airport police officer recognized him and realized he had recently been arrested for driving without a license , an airport spokeswoman said . He spent three hours in jail Monday night before posting bond , according to the Spartanburg County Detention Center website . "  Oh , DMX -- a mess " "  The problem is that with all the people he knows , and the drivers that he has access to , he decided to drive himself to the airport , " Williams said . "  Well , there 's nothing wrong with that . We all like to drive . At least , I like to drive . The problem is I have a driver 's license and plates on my car . " The plan had been for DMX to talk most of the hour with Williams before performing his 1997 hit "  Party Up  Up in Here  " with Swizz Beatz , she said . "  Y' all gon na make me lose my mind -- that song , " she said . "  Oh , DMX -- a mess , " Williams said at the conclusion of her comments . The run-in with the law Monday was his third in his home state in recent months , which included a citation for marijuana possession in Greer , South Carolina , in August . He was arrested then when an officer recognized Simmons and knew there was an outstanding warrant for his arrest for failure to appear in court for a previous charge , according to the arrest report . Simmons allegedly "  became very aggressive with his words and was making multiple idle threats " when the officer questioned him about "  a bag of green plant material I knew to be marijuana " near where he was sitting in a pickup truck , the report said . He was also arrested in Greenville , South Carolina , on July 26 on charges of driving under the influence , driving without a license and driving without a seat belt , police said . A state trooper stopped his 1978 Plymouth station wagon after he was allegedly "  traveling erratically , " the South Carolina Highway Patrol said . DMX was given a field sobriety test and failed , the agency said . DMX has faced various criminal charges in the past , including probation violation , illegal drug possession and animal cruelty . Maricopa County , Arizona , authorities said he was arrested five times after August 2007 . That included a May 2008 arrest on drug and animal cruelty charges , when Simmons attempted to barricade himself inside his Cave Creek home , sheriff 's deputies said . Simmons also ran into trouble while in prison , being placed on "  lockdown status " and forced to eat only bread and water for "  jailhouse infractions . " In February 2009 , he threw a food tray in anger at a corrections officer , according to the sheriff 's office . In 2010 he was sent to prison after violating his probation . Four days later , DMX was admitted to the Flamenco Mental Health unit for an undisclosed disorder . But before the litany of arrests , DMX had a promising music and movie career . He had a huge hit with "  Party Up  Up in Here  " more than a decade ago , and he also appeared in movies , such as "  Romeo Must Die . "	DMX cancels interviews "  due to recent media scrutiny , " representative says Williams : "  This man needs help , and that 's why I just wanted to have a conversation with him " "  Oh , DMX -- a mess , " she says The rapper was arrested for a third time in recent months Monday
CNN  -- In the tangled aftermath of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 disaster , two narratives have emerged -- one that most of the world subscribes to , and another that Russia and the rebels are pushing . In the first , MH17 was shot down by pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine , using a sophisticated Russian-built missile system . In the second , Russia and the rebels suggest several different scenarios for what brought the jetliner down , some of them bordering on the bizarre . Propaganda is nothing new in world politics . Since the beginning of time , everyone has put their spin on the events of the day . But the word from Washington about Russia 's take ? Take any information coming out of Moscow "  with a very large grain of salt . " "  I would also say that these are n't competing narratives from two equally credible sources here , " said Marie Harf , a U.S. State Department spokeswoman . "  The Russian government has repeatedly put out misinformation and propaganda throughout this conflict in Ukraine , so I would caution you from saying that these are two equally credible sources , although you 're happy to report it that way , but I would take issue with it . " The Russian mindset , says CNN 's former Moscow bureau chief , loves a good story . And the Russian narrative is meant to sway public opinion on who 's responsible for the jet 's downing . "  Do n't forget , the mentality of Russians is to think of conspiracy theories , " said Jill Dougherty . "  So when they hear something that is outrageous , they might believe it . " Here are some of the stories circulating in the Russian media . THE RUSSIAN TAKE : The passengers were already dead Rebel commander Igor Girkin suggested that many of MH17 's passengers were corpses -- already dead -- and put aboard the 11-plus-hour flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur . Those claims were made on Russia 's Russkaya Vessna website . "  A significant number of the bodies were n't fresh , " Girkin said he 'd learned , adding , their blood had been drained . He also reportedly claimed a vast amount of blood serum and medications were discovered in the wreckage . THE WORLD 'S TAKE : The information contradicts the Malaysia Airlines passenger manifest for Flight 17 that lists the 298 people who were alive when they boarded the regularly scheduled flight . For instance , Dutch passenger Pim de Kuijer was on his way to an International AIDS Conference in Australia -- a trip that was to be followed by a backpacking excursion there . The day of the crash , de Kuijer posted to his Facebook page a picture of him posing beneath aviator sunglasses and sporting a large travelers ' backpack . -- THE RUSSIAN TAKE : A Ukrainian fighter jet shot it down On the day of the crash , Russia 's radar system spotted a Ukrainian Air Force jet approaching the Boeing , said Russian Army Lt. Gen. Andrey Kartopolov . "  Its standard armament includes R60 air-to-air missiles , which are capable of locking and hitting targets from 12 kilometers  7 miles  and which are guaranteed to hit the target from the distance of 5 kilometers  3 miles  , " he said . THE WORLD 'S TAKE : That 's a claim that Ukraine has denied . And the United States and others have said the plane was brought down by a surface-to-air missile . "  The Russian government has a propaganda machine second to none , as these latest conspiracy theories demonstrate , " a U.S. official told CNN . -- THE RUSSIAN TAKE : Putin 's plane was the target According to some accounts in the Russian media , MH17 was traveling along almost the same route as President Vladimir Putin 's presidential plane , which was returning to Moscow from a summit in Brazil . Both planes have red , white and blue markings . "  The contours of the airplanes are in general similar , the linear dimensions are also very similar and regarding the coloring , from a sufficiently long distance , they are practically identical , " an aviation source was quoted as telling the news outlet , RT. . THE WORLD 'S TAKE : Another Russian media , the online news portal Gazeta.ru , reported that Putin 's plane has not flown over Ukrainian airspace for quite some time because of the conflict between the government and rebel forces . -- THE RUSSIAN TAKE : Do n't believe what you read on the Internet Rebel leader Alexander Borodai has maintained for days that MH17 was shot down , just not by his forces . He said they do n't have that capability . Asked about the trail of evidence that contradicted him , Borodai just rolled his eyes . "  It 's very easy to refute it , " Borodai told CNN 's Chris Cuomo . "  Almost all information that comes over the internet is practically all lies . " THE WORLD 'S TAKE : Western and Ukrainian intelligence say the rebels did have the means to bring down a jetliner . They were in control of a Russian missile system that once belonged to the Ukrainian military . A video reportedly showed the weapons system being carted out of eastern Ukraine into Russia . Intercepted conversations brag of an aircraft being shot down before the debris showed it was a civilian aircraft . A tweet from a rebel defense minister also bragged of the accomplishment -- before it was deleted . -- THE RUSSIAN TAKE : Did we mention it was the Ukrainians ? With the stakes so high even basic information online was being changed to shape facts . The Twitter site @RuGovEdits automatically tracks changes made by Russian government sites to Wikipedia . It has tracked dozens of edits from Moscow to Wikipedia entries about MH17 . In one case , one edit that said the plane was shot down by the pro-Russian rebels was changed less than an hour later by someone inside the Russian government to say : "  The plane was shot down by Ukrainian soldiers . " THE WORLD 'S TAKE : The Wikipedia entry now says the two sides are accusing each other . -- THE RUSSIAN TAKE : At first , the story did n't require such heavy media coverage . Russian newspapers downplayed the story just after the crash . THE WORLD 'S TAKE : The downing of the Malaysia Airlines made headlines instantly around the world . "  The Kremlin or the people that control the information , networks in Russia , decide how they are going to explain something , what the general narrative will be , and that is given to radio , TV , newspapers to a certain extent , etc. , " said Dougherty . "  They essentially are told , this is what you should say . " It proved too much for one reporter , RT 's Sarah Firth , who quit the network last week . "  I 've had many times over the five years I 've been at RT where I had a similar struggle and you 've watched the story handled in that way . And you felt very strongly that right away the narrative is being pitched -- a very specific narrative to the detriment to the facts and accuracy in reporting . " CNN 's Randi Kaye , Miguel Marquez and Sarah Aarthun contributed to this report .	A rebel commander says many of those on MH17 were dead before it was shot down Moscow claims the plane was shot down by a Ukrainian fighter jet Claim : MH17 was traveling along almost the same route as Putin 's presidential plane A rebel leader denies a string of evidence pointing to his forces shooting down MH17
CNN  -- Police are investigating after two UNICEF staff members went missing in Karachi , Pakistan , a United Nations spokesman said Sunday . The staffers went missing on Thursday evening , United Nations spokesman Vittorio Cammarota said . Police are in close contact with the UNICEF employees ' families , he said . The port city of Karachi is Pakistan 's financial capital . On Saturday , gunmen wounded a prominent Pakistani TV news anchor there . His brother linked the attack to the nation 's government , drawing a denial from military officials . Hamid Mir was shot three times by gunmen in a car and on two motorcycles near Karachi 's airport , his network Geo News -- a CNN affiliate -- reported . Amir Mir -- the targeted news anchor 's brother and a journalist himself -- said his brother believed ISI , Pakistan 's powerful intelligence agency , had plans to assassinate him . The Pakistani military public relations agency ISPR said that "  raising allegations against ISI or the head of ISI without any basis is highly regrettable and misleading . " In the same statement , a spokesman for that agency condemned the attack and "  prayed for  Mir 's  well-being and quick recovery . " CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	2 UNICEF staff members went missing in Karachi on Thursday , an official says Police are investigating and in close contact with the staffers ' families Gunmen also wounded a Pakistani news anchor in an attack there
Organizers of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar have been set a tight deadline by FIFA to explain how conditions are improving for migrant workers on the various building projects associated with the hosting of football 's showpiece competition . The world governing body are demanding a "  detailed report " by February 12 with "  information on specific steps " being taken to improve the situation . FIFA secretary-general Jerome Valcke wrote to Qatar 's Supreme Committee for Delivery and Legacy Thursday to request the assurances . Concerns over the welfare of migrant workers in Qatar was highlighted by an Amnesty International report last year , which reported on widespread abuse . It prompted FIFA president Sepp Blatter to describe the conditions as "  unacceptable " and he raised the issue with the Emir of Qatar on a visit to Doha last November . FIFA executive committee member Theo Zwanziger has been given the responsibility to monitor any progress and has held a series of meeting with human rights and labor organizations , including Amnesty and the International Labor Organization  ILO  . "  We are currently in the middle of an intensive process , which is exclusively aimed at improving the situation of workers in Qatar , " Zwanziger said in a statement released by FIFA . "  Ultimately , what we need are clear rules and steps that will build trust and ensure that the situation , which is unacceptable at the moment , improves in a sustainable manner . " The Qatar World Cup 2022 Committee was not immediately available for comment . Zwanziger is due before the European Parliament on February 13 , the day after the deadline for Qatar to report , in a hearing over workers ' rights in the Arab emirate . The executive committee will also receive an update at its March 20 and 21 meeting . "  FIFA firmly believes in the power of the World Cup in triggering positive social change in Qatar , including improving the labor rights and conditions of migrant workers , " it added . Since Qatar was awarded the 2022 World Cup it has been dogged by various controversies , with FIFA still to decide on an actual date for the competition . Acute summer temperatures in Qatar have led to fears over safety for players and spectators and Valcke told a French radio station earlier this month that he favored a winter World Cup with a November start . FIFA 's official position is that a final decision will be made in December 2014 .	Qatar given deadline over conditions for migrant workers on 2022 World Cup FIFA want detailed report by February 12 Amnesty International report last year highlighted the situation FIFA president Sepp Blatter said at time it was "  unacceptable "
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund opened up a massive 10-point lead in the German Bundesliga with a 2-0 win at Nuremberg on Sunday , their 13th win from 15 games . It gives Dortmund an excellent chance of claiming their first title in nine years , particularly with defending champions Bayern Munich struggling in seventh spot , fully 17 points behind the pacesetters . Dortmund made light of a snow blizzard and a hard pitch as goals either side of halftime by Germany defender Mats Hummels and Poland striker Robert Lewandowski were enough for a comfortable victory . It leaves them on 40 points with second-placed Mainz on 30 points . Mainz lost 2-1 to Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday . Coach Jurgen Klopp is trying to keep his young team grounded despite their big lead . "  I have never been able to , or even had to , consider the fight for the championship , so I do n't think it is relevant with so much of the season left to play , " he told AFP . "  It is more important we keep playing well . Every game is like a final for us , the next game is always the most important for me . " But even Bayern coach Louis van Gaal has all but conceded the championship . "  Lots might still happen but I think  Dortmund  are too far ahead , " van Gaal told AFP after his side 's disappointing 2-0 defeat at Schalke 04 on Saturday . Bayer Leverkusen stay third after a 3-2 win over Cologne earlier Sunday to take them to 29 points . Goals by Patrick Helmes , Swiss midfielder Tranquillo Barnetta and defender Stefan Reinartz sealed the win which leaves them just a point behind Mainz , who lost 2-1 to Eintracht Frankfurt on Saturday . With two rounds to go before the midwinter break , Leverkusen will welcome the return of Germany star Michael Ballack from injury when the Bundesliga resumes in January . In Spain 's La Liga , Villarreal reclaimed third place with a 1-0 home win over Champions League rivals Sevilla . Brazilian striker Nilmar scored his ninth league goal of the season after 29 minutes to leave his side seven points adrift of leaders Barcelona . Slumping Sevilla are 10 points further back after a third straight defeat .	Borussia Dortmund beat Nuremberg 2-0 to lead Bundesliga by 10 points Mats Hummels and Poland star Robert Lewandowski score the goals in each half Bayern boss Louis van Gaal all but concedes title to Dortmund Villarreal cement third place in Spain 's La Liga with 1-0 win over Sevilla
Condoleezza Rice for vice president ? Before we go A-to-Z with pros and cons , let 's start with why Romney 's team might have floated the Condi trial balloon now . If you were anywhere near a television this week you saw Mitt Romney getting booed at the NAACP convention for saying he would repeal Obamacare . It was running on a virtual loop all over cable news . Romney draws boos from NAACP , support from conservatives Then , suddenly , an exclusive report about a black woman being considered as Romney 's running mate pops up on the Drudge Report . Report sparks speculation of Romney-Rice ticket GOP sources say Matt Drudge is the go-to guy for a top Romney aide when he wants to change a narrative about his candidate . Now that we 've gotten the "  why now " out of the way , why not explore Rice the running mate . By most Republicans ' accounts , at the end of this report , you will see why Rice will likely not be Romney 's pick The pros There are many , beginning with the obvious : She is a black Republican woman , a political two-fer . And having a female on the ticket would make the influential Ann Romney happy . Mrs. Romney told CBS News earlier this month that they have been "  looking at that and I love that option . " Rice has never run for office but she is no stranger to presidential politics . She was by George W. Bush 's side during both of his campaigns . She 's an intellectual known for her powerhouse smarts and she has a good personal story . Rice was the only child of a black family growing up in the segregated South , whose fortitude landed her in unlikely GOP foreign policy circles . Rice is also a bit of a Renaissance woman . She is a concert pianist with a love of football . Her real dream job is to be NFL commissioner . The former secretary of state and national security adviser would bring some needed foreign policy chops to Romney 's ticket . The cons She was a central Bush administration player making the public case for the Iraq war , warning about Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction that turned out not to exist . "  There will always be some uncertainty about how quickly he can acquire nuclear weapons . But we do n't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud , " Rice told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer in September 2002 . Some GOP sources tell CNN say they ca n't imagine Romney would want to reopen wounds from the Bush years -- especially about what even Republicans call a mismanaged war . Rice is also at odds with the GOP base on immigration , telling CNN 's Candy Crowley not passing her boss 's legislation allowing a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants was one of her biggest regrets . Last but hardly least is Rice 's stance on abortion . She calls herself "  mildly pro-choice . " This is the reason you can sum up social conservative reaction to the Rice trial balloon with one word : nonstarter . Veteran conservative voice Richard Viguerie , one of the founders of the Moral Majority , said the notion of Romney picking Rice as his running mate would be a "  slap in the face " to conservatives . While Viguerie took issue with Rice 's position on abortion , he said she was part of those to blame for Republican losses in 2006 and 2008 which gave rise to the "  tea party rebellion of 2010 . " "  Putting Condoleeza Rice at the top of the VP short list is an insult to the conservatives , tea partiers and independents that are looking for a break with the old establishment Republican Washington that Rice represents , " he said . Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention , a longtime friend of Romney 's , bluntly told CNN that Rice 's stance on abortion disqualifies her . "  I love Condi Rice , I 'd love to see her in any role in Romney administration except vice president , " Land told CNN in a telephone interview . The issue , he said , is n't so much Rice -- it 's Romney . Conservatives already mistrust Romney on abortion , since he was in favor of abortion rights when he was governor of Massachusetts , a relatively liberal state on the issue . "  It would give oxygen again to all of those concerns and doubts about whether the Romney administration will be there when it really counts . Is it -LSB- his abortion stance -RSB- a preference and a conviction ? " Land asked . He said putting Rice on the ticket would suppress conservative turnout . Rice speculation stokes conservative reaction "  What it would do is turn some activists and contributors into mere voters and turn some voters into fishermen , " he said . Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council agreed . "  I think the governor needs someone that undergirds his stated pro-life position because of policy positions that he 's taken when he was governor . He has since changed those positions to be clearly pro-life but to underscore that and to reemphasize that especially with social conservative voters , he has to have a running mate that has impeccable , impeccable pro-life credentials , " Perkins said . The Susan B. Anthony List , a leading anti-abortion group , already e-mailed around a clip of Romney during the GOP primary race last year saying that the running mate he would consider would be anti-abortion . "  I would expect that they would all be pro-life and pro-traditional marriage , " Romney said in September 2011 . Romney was more explicit on the campaign trail in February . "  My vice presidential nominee will be pro-life , " Romney said at a rally in Shelby , Michigan . Despite widespread suspicion about the late-night Rice-for-VP leak , GOP sources tell CNN some of Romney advisers are pushing for her -- so much so that a prominent evangelical leader told CNN he called the campaign last week to ask about it -- and warned that picking Rice would be a big mistake . Condi 's view The Bush albatross and her position on abortion aside , there is one big reason Rice the running mate is unlikely to happen : She does n't want the job . Rice has said this in more of an airtight way than other contenders being buzzed about . "  I can not imagine myself running for office , " she told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " in January . "  Not because politics are so tough , but it 's just not me . " "  There is no way that I will do this because it 's really not me . I know my strengths and Governor Romney needs to find someone who wants to run with him . There are many people who will do it very , very well . I 'll support the ticket , " Rice reiterated on CBS News last month . What is Rice 's response to the Drudge "  exclusive ? " This may speak for itself : She did n't respond to an e-mail and her chief of staff told us her past comments stand , and that she is on vacation and not available for further comment .	A Drudge Report exclusive has stoked speculation about Condi Rice as a potential VP pick Rice would be a political two-fer as a African-American woman running mate Rice 's support for abortion rights would by problematic for social conservatives Rice herself has said fairly decisively that she is not interested in the job
CNN  -- It was wet , cold and windy , and he had n't been in contention to win golf 's oldest tournament for 10 years , but Darren Clarke finally made the breakthrough at the British Open on Sunday . Two decades after he first entered the season 's third major event , the 42-year-old made history as he triumphed by three shots from Americans Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson in its 140th staging at Royal St. George 's in England . Clarke , whose previous best finish was runner-up in 1997 , lifted the coveted Claret Jug at his 21st attempt -- breaking the record of the tournament 's previous longest wait , the 15-try streak that Zimbabwean Nick Price snapped in 1994 . He is the oldest British Open winner since Roberto de Vicenzo 's 1967 victory aged 44 , and the oldest of any major champion since 43-year-old Ben Crenshaw won the 1995 Masters . Ugly and unforgiving : Why Britain offers golf 's toughest test "  It 's been a long and bumpy road , I have had some good things happen to me and some bad things , but I 've had so much support from an awful lot of people , " Clarke said at the prize-giving ceremony . "  I 'd like to thank my parents and my fiancee Alison , and there 's someone up there watching as well . To everybody , thank you very much . " Clarke became the third player from Northern Ireland to win a major title in the past 13 months , following Rory McIlroy 's U.S. Open triumph last month and Graeme McDowell 's success at the same tournament last year . He is the first from his country to win the British Open since Fred Daly in 1947 . See highlights of the 2011 British Open on Golf.com Clarke 's agent Chubby Chandler now has three current major champions in his stable , with South African Charl Schwartzel winning the Masters in April before McIlroy 's eight-shot triumph at Congressional . Clarke has twice won World Golf Championship events , in 2003 and 2003 , while he has finished second on the European Tour 's money list three times . He famously helped Europe win the Ryder Cup against the U.S. in 2006 -- his fifth appearance in the prestigious teams event -- a month after his wife Heather died from cancer . Clarke dedicated his victory to his sons Tyrone and Conor , who were back in Northern Ireland where the family has returned after years living in London . "  It 's for the kids . They played Royal Portrush  golf course  this morning and were watching on TV , " he said . Clarke , who last finished in the top-10 when he placed third at Royal Lytham & St. Anne 's in 2001 , could afford to bogey the final two holes as he carded a level-par 70 . It was his worst score in four rounds at the links course , which has been buffeted by the weather this week , as he took home the $ 1.45 million first prize to the cheers of the crowd in Sandwich . Having started the final day one shot ahead of 27-year-old Johnson , Clarke faced a strong challenge from fellow 40-something Mickelson . The left-hander , seeking to add the British Open to his three Masters and one U.S. PGA Championship crown , carded three birdies and an eagle to grab a share of the lead . But Clarke restored his advantage as he also picked up two shots at the par-five seventh and then rattled off nine successive pars despite the difficult conditions , while his main rivals faltered . Mickelson 's challenge fell apart at the 11th hole , where he missed a routine short par putt . More bogeys followed at 13 , 15 and 16 as he finished with a 68 to be two-under 278 for the tournament . Johnson , seeking his first major title , drove out of bounds at the 14th and his double-bogey there handed Clarke a four-shot buffer . He also dropped a shot at 18 to fall back level with Mickelson . First-round leader Thomas Bjorn , whose father died in May , finished fourth on 279 after the 40-year-old Dane closed with 71 . He was followed by three Americans -- Rickie Fowler  72  , Anthony Kim  70  and Chad Campbell  69  -- who were tied for fifth on 280 . France 's Raphael Jacquelin was eighth on 281 , while Spain 's Sergio Garcia , Englishman Simon Dyson and U.S. Ryder Cup captain Davis Love tied for ninth on 282 . Five-time champion Tom Watson tied for 22nd after a closing with 72 , while McIlroy was equal 25th after a 73 . England 's Tom Lewis was the top amateur , with the 20-year-old tied for 30th as he fell away after sharing the early lead with Bjorn following his opening 65 . Defending champion Louis Oosthuizen of South Africa was tied for 54th on 293 after ending with a 77 .	Northern Ireland 's Darren Clarke wins golf 's British Open for the first time in 21 attempts The 42-year-old triumphs by three shots from Americans Phil Mickelson and Dustin Johnson He is the first player from his country to win golf 's oldest tournament since 1947 The small nation has now produced three major champions in 13 months
CNN  -- It worked in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . Now , taking their cue from social-media fueled uprisings in places like Egypt and Iran , a band of online activists hopes it will work on Wall Street . Kalle Lasn , co-founder of the counterculture magazine AdBusters , has taken to Twitter and other websites to help organize a campaign encouraging tens of thousands of Americans to hold a nonviolent sit-in Saturday in Lower Manhattan , the heart of the U.S. financial district . This past spring and summer saw a massive groundswell of populist demonstrations against authoritarian regimes in North Africa and the Middle East -- the Arab Spring of 2011 . In Tunisia , Egypt , Libya , Bahrain and Syria , protesters took to the streets and occupied public spaces to protest stagnant economies , lack of freedom of expression and regimes that seemed more concerned with consolidating power than addressing the needs of the people . Each of these revolutions began differently , but they all were organized and fueled by tech-savvy social media users , particularly on Facebook and Twitter . Lasn now wants to use the Internet for a protest in the United States . "  There 's a very visceral anger against the financial community , " Lasn said . "  Many people feel that these people who are financial fraudsters , who basically got away with it , have yet to be brought to justice ... It seems like we the people now have to congregate on Wall Street and other financial districts around the world and force the global economic system to move in a better , more just direction . " Adbusters ' protest campaign -- with the hashtag #occupywallstreet -- began in July with the launch of a simple campaign website calling for a march through the streets of Lower Manhattan and a sit-in at the New York Stock Exchange , just as demonstrators did in Tunis ' November 7 Square and Cairo 's Tahrir Square . The campaign got a sizable boost in August from the hacktivist group Anonymous , which released a short video urging its supporters to participate in the sit-in . Since then , the movement has seen the addition of planned protests in other countries , including Japan , Israel , Canada and a half-dozen European nations . The aim of #occupywallstreet is to draw 20,000 protestors to New York 's financial district , although Lasn hopes for as many as 90,000 . "  In Tunisia and in Egypt , the Internet was used to organize surprising numbers of people to get out into the streets and start a radical , democratic movement for regime change , " Lasn said . "  Of course , the situation here in America and many European countries is quite different . We 're not living under a torturous dictatorship , for one . "  Nonetheless , there 's a feeling that the global financial system , the heart of which is in the U.S. , in New York , that this system is somehow having its way with us , " he said . "  There 's a feeling that we need a revolution in the way that our economy is run , the way that Washington is run . " This is n't , Lasn stresses , an excuse for rioting and looting like the world recently witnessed in the United Kingdom . It 's a call for radical change , but in the tradition of nonviolent protesters like Mahatma Gandhi , he says . If protests turn violent , he fears the message will be lost . "  What we are hoping for is to have a very large number of people turn up in Lower Manhattan and start walking toward Wall Street peacefully , signs in hand , " Lasn said . "  If we have peaceful assemblies and debates about what our demands to President Obama should be , then bit by bit we can create a situation that will rival what happened in Egypt . " "  That would be a wonderful , energizing and positive moment to feel like we the people are in charge , " he said .	Internet activists have taken to Twitter , other sites to "  Occupy Wall Street " on Saturday Organizer says digital uprisings in places like Egypt and Iran are an inspiration The hacktivist group Anonymous urged its supporters to participate in the sit-in
CNN  -- All 24 hostages held captive by a hangun-toting student in northeast Wisconsin were freed Monday night , after several hours of being confined inside a high school classroom , police said . Marinette Police Chief Jeffrey Skorik told reporters just before 8:30 p.m.  9:30 p.m. ET  that the hostages -- 23 students and a female teacher -- were safe and would soon be reunited with their families . The chief did not immediately divulge the condition or whereabouts of the suspect , whose name has not been released . The young male took over the classroom about 3 p.m. Monday , as classes were ending at Marinette High School . He prevented anyone from leaving the room and eventually communicated with police through a teacher , Skorik said . The chief announced shortly before 8 p.m.  9 p.m. ET  Monday that five hostages -- all students -- had been released . The hostage-taking student had no previous run-ins with the law , according to Skorik , adding that he had "  no idea " about the suspect 's motive . A Marinette school administrator called police at 3:48 p.m.  4:48 p.m. ET  Monday , after most students had left for the day , reporting that an armed student had gone into a classroom and taken those inside hostage . Bradley Behrendt , a city councilor , told CNN that he was two blocks from the school when about 15 police squad cars pull up and several officers come out , with their vests on and holding guns as they entered the school . "  They were just going like crazy , " Behrendt said of the police response . By about 7 p.m. , about 40 law enforcement personnel had converged on the scene , according to Skorik , with more coming in as the night went on . They included hostage negotiators who set up inside the school , according to Skorik . They had not talked directly with the student some three hours into the incident , but did get regular updates from the teacher . Skorik said that the hostage-taker is a student at Marinette High , and that he believed -- though he could not confirm -- the student was assigned to the class that he took over . Police know the identity of the student , though they have n't name him publicly , and have talked with his family members . Skorik said law enforcement believe the the young male , armed with a single handgun , acted alone . The incident riled residents of the Wisconsin city of about 11,600 residents , which borders Lake Michigan . Several hundred people gathered about a half-mile from the school , said Behrendt , but they were restricted by police from going any closer . Prior to word of the hostages ' release , law enforcement urged parents who did n't know where their children were to go to the Marinette County Courthouse , where they could see those on the affected class 's roster , talk with police and get help from mental-health counselors . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : All 24 hostages are safe and free , after being held by an armed student NEW : They were taken hostage around 3 p.m. at a Wisconsin high school The suspect had released five hostages earlier in the night Police say the hostage-taking student acted alone , do n't know his motivation
CNN  -- Efforts to remove cats from Macquarie Island , a sub-Antarctic island and World Heritage Site , have indirectly led to environmental devastation , according to a report published in the Journal of Applied Ecology . Finch Creek on Macquarie Island in 2007 shows lack of vegetation on the island compared to 2001 ... The removal of cats has led to a boom in the island 's rabbit population -- another species introduced by humans -- causing widespread devastation to the island 's vegetation . According to the study 's lead author , Dr. Dana Bergstrom of the Australian Antarctic Division : "  Satellite images show substantial island-wide rabbit-induced vegetation change . By 2007 , impacts on some protected valleys and slopes had become acute . We estimate that nearly 40 percent of the whole island area had changed , with almost 20 percent having moderate to severe change . " The removal of the invasive species from Macquarie Island , situated halfway between Australia and Antarctica , also serves as a wider warning about human interference in ecosystems and how good intentions can go awry . It is a case from which important lessons must be learned , according to the report 's authors . The scientists behind the study claim that the Macquarie Island is a rare example of so-called "  trophic cascades " -- the knock-on effects of changes in one species ' abundance across several links in the food chain . As well as species extinction , in extreme cases it can even lead to an ecosystem "  meltdown " . "  This study is one of only a handful which demonstrate that theoretically plausible trophic cascades associated with invasive species removal not only do take place , but can also result in rapid and detrimental changes to ecosystems , so negating the direct benefits of the removal of the target species , " says Bergstrom . Macquarie Island was discovered in 1810 with the remote island 's seal and penguin population targeted for the fur trade . Cats were introduced to the island soon after to eat rats and mice that threatened to eat the sailors ' grain stores . It was sealing gangs who then brought rabbits to the island in 1878 to give sailors something to eat . The rabbits provided easy prey for the island 's cats , helping their number to grow , but the rabbit population was also causing catastrophic damage to the island 's vegetation . Myxomatosis , a disease fatal to rabbits was introduced to the island in 1968 to try and curb their number . It worked at first as rabbit numbers fell from a peak of 130,000 in 1978 to less than 20,000 ten years later and vegetation recovered . However , with fewer rabbits as food , the cats began to eat the island 's native burrowing birds , so a cat eradication program began in 1985 . The last cat on the island was killed in 2000 , and Myxomatosis had failed to keep rabbit numbers in check ; their numbers bounced back and in little over six years rabbits substantially altered large areas of the island . According to Bergstrom : "  Increased rabbit herbivory has caused substantial damage at both local and landscape scales including changes from complex vegetation communities , to short , grazed lawns or bare ground . " Bergstrom hopes that the problems facing Macquarie Island are a cautionary tale for conservation agencies : "  Interventions should be comprehensive , and include risk assessments to explicitly consider and plan for indirect effects , or face substantial subsequent cost , " says Bergstrom . The cost to remedy the problems of Macquarie Island is estimated at $ 16 million .	Absence of cats left rabbit population to devastate Macquarie Island 's vegetation Cats and rabbits are invasive species introduced to the island in 19th century Sub-Antarctic Macquarie Island provides cautionary tale of interventions and risks
CNN  -- A New Hampshire hospital worker was sentenced to 39 years in prison Monday for causing a multistate outbreak of hepatitis C last year , according to a news release from the U.S. attorney 's office in New Hampshire . David Kwiatkowski pleaded guilty to seven counts of tampering with a consumer product and seven counts of obtaining controlled substances by fraud in New Hampshire 's U.S. District Court , according to a plea agreement filed in August . Thirty people were diagnosed with the virus that attacks the liver and can be fatal . Ten months after he was diagnosed with hepatitis C , Kwiatkowski began working at New Hampshire 's Exeter Hospital in April 2011 . Investigators said Kwiatkowski stole syringes of the painkiller fentanyl from patients who were scheduled for surgery . "  Kwiatkowski used the stolen syringes to inject himself , causing them to become tainted with his infected blood , before filling them with saline and then replacing them for use in the medical procedure , " the U.S. attorney 's office in Concord , New Hampshire , said in a statement . "  Consequently , instead of receiving the prescribed dose of fentanyl , patients instead received saline tainted by Kwiatkowski 's infected blood . " According to the plea agreement , Kwiatkowski told an investigator , "  I 'm going to kill a lot of people out of this . " Before moving to New Hampshire , Kwiatkowski worked as a traveling medical technician for hospitals in Arizona , Georgia , Kansas , Maryland , Michigan , New York and Pennsylvania , officials in those states said . Kwiatkowski was fired from an Arizona hospital in 2010 after a fellow employee found him passed out in the men 's room with a syringe floating in the toilet , according to documents obtained by CNN . A spokeswoman for the Arizona Heart Hospital said Kwiatkowski was immediately fired , and he relinquished his license as a radiologic technologist . Controversy surrounds health care contract workers CNN 's Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Former medical technician sentenced to 39 years in hepatitis C outbreak David Kwiatkowski injected himself with painkillers , then used syringes on patients Thirty people were diagnosed with the virus that attacks the liver Kwiatkowski worked in New Hampshire , Arizona , Georgia , among other states
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina -- They line up early every Saturday morning at the decrepit gymnasium that houses the La Matanza Barter Club . Nelly Vasquez and her 6-month-old daughter , Antonella trades wool for food . Club members shuffle in carrying sacks stuffed with everything from homemade clothing to homegrown vegetables , set up their stands and begin a day of bartering . The La Matanza Barter Club in the working-class Buenos Aires neighborhood of Isidro Casanova is one of more than 100 that now function throughout Argentina . They provide a vital service for people who are short on cash by helping them make ends meet . Each item brought to the club is given a value by its owner , who then trades it with other members for whatever goods they are offering . "  What we do here is a fair and honest trading . I look at this like a job , and I work hard at it , and it helps me live better , " says Deolindo Farias , 66 , who brings fresh bananas and mandarins every week and trades them for household items like flour and sugar . Barters Clubs boomed in Argentina following the country 's 2001 economic meltdown when jobs , security and cash were scarce . Club officials say during 2002 more than 2 million people participated in the clubs on a regular basis . In recent years , as Argentina 's economy bounced back , fewer people showed up , but ever since the global financial crisis hit last year , they say the barter clubs are more popular than ever . Watch how the clubs are helping poor Argentines " "  It 's a reality now . In these past few months there has been a big increase . For example , we now have 400 people every Saturday . It used to only be 300 . People are traveling here from other neighborhoods so they can barter too , " says Juan Maccarone , president of the La Matanza Barter Club . Nelly Vasquez , 29 , goes to the club because she has no other options . She lost her job at a clothing factory last year , and has been going to the barter club every week since January -- often with her six-month-old daughter , Antonella , in tow . "  I come here because I do n't have a job , and this is the only way for me to survive and get the things that I need , " says Vasquez , who trades wool and women 's shoes for pasta and rice . For others , the barter clubs offer something that every consumer on a budget seeks : a bargain . "  If you go to the supermarket , they charge 10 or 15 pesos for a bottle of cooking oil . Here , I can get it with 50 or 80 club credits . That 's only 4 or 5 pesos -- that 's a big difference , " says Maria Rosa Araya , 37 . By all accounts , Argentina was the first Latin American country to have the barter clubs . The idea has now spread to other countries , like Uruguay , Colombia and Venezuela . There 's even a burgeoning barter club circuit across the Atlantic Ocean in Spain . Organizers say barter clubs are evidence that in tough times , economies can thrive -- or survive -- on their own , when it 's the people calling the shots . "  The golden rule at barter clubs is to offer an honest product for an honest price , " says Ruben Ravera , co-founder of Argentina 's Red Global de Trueque  Global Barter Network  . "  It 's a concept that could help solve the world 's economic problems . Think about it , " he says .	Barter clubs opening around Argentina show extent of country 's economic crisis Members -- often poor and unemployed -- trade food , clothes The clubs first opened during Argentina 's 2001 economic meltdown
CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin never misses an opportunity to show off his ` action man ' credentials and used a pre-Games visit to the Winter Olympics venue at Sochi to hit the ski slopes . Putin did not test out the runs which will be used by the world 's best in a little over a month , but instead strutted his stuff at an adjacent ski complex run by gas giant Gazprom . Putin , who has staked his personal reputation on making the Games a success at the Black Sea resort , will likely spend several days inspecting the facilities , which come with a reported $ 50 billion price tag . "  In the next days , the president will closely inspect the mountain and coastal sites and again verify the preparations made for the opening of the Olympic and Paralympic Games , " a Sochi 2014 spokesman said . His arrival in Sochi comes in the aftermath of two deadly explosions in Volgograd , which left over 30 people dead and cast fears over security arrangements for the Winter Games . Security , already tight , has been ratcheted up across Russia and in particular around Sochi . Putin visited a hospital in Volgograd on New Year 's Day to speak with survivors of the blasts before heading 700km north to Sochi . He has cultivated a ` tough guy ' image in the past -- not least as an accomplished judo player -- reaching 6th dan and a similar rank in karate . Putin has variously been pictured horse-riding bare-chested and swimming in a mountain stream in Siberia while on vacation . He has also played ice hockey and sat in a bobsled used by the Russian team preparing for their home Olympics . His prime minister , Dimitri Medvedev , also donned a black ski suit to ski alongside Putin and later inspect facilities .	Vladimir Putin hits the slopes in Sochi Russian president dons skis on a visit to Winter Games host city Practices on runs adjacent to the pistes used for Olympic competition Visit comes amid security fears after attacks on Volgograd
CNN  -- Monday night 's third and final presidential debate was a bittersweet occasion for the Twittersphere . The previous two presidential debates , and one equally entertaining vice presidential debate , have provided rich material for the wits of Twitter . Their rapid-fire commentary turned what could have been dry television into deeply entertaining multi-screen experiences . As many pointed out on Twitter , the micro-blogging service is like Mystery Science Theater for live television . This debate , which took place at Lynn University in Boca Raton , Florida , is the last for the current election cycle , which will end when voters go to the polls on November 6 . The meme of the evening did not stem out of one candidate 's gaffe , but from a well-executed zinger  the words "  gaffe " and "  zinger " will officially be retired on November 7  . Responding to a criticism from Romney about the size of the U.S. Navy , Obama said : "  You mentioned the Navy , for example , and that we have fewer ships than we did in 1916 . Well , Governor , we also have fewer horses and bayonets , because the nature of our military 's changed . We have these things called aircraft carriers where planes land on them . " Obama foreceful in final debate , Romney plays defense The hashtag #horsesandbayonettes and parody account @Horsesbayonette quickly followed . Other popular moments included moderator Bob Schieffer slipping up and saying "  Obama bin Laden , " the repeated use of the word "  tumult " and whether or not the U.S. should "  divorce " Pakistan . The volume of tweets was a bit lower this round , with 6.5 million tweets sent during the hour and a half event , according to Twitter . The previous debate had 7.2 million tweets , the first 10 million  a record for a U.S. political event  . Patrick W. Gavin -- I 'm really going to miss you guys 's live-tweeting of debates for the next four years . Jeffrey Goldberg -- No event in the history of Boca Raton has started later than this debate . tomfitzgerald -- Got ta love Lynn University 's sense of humor . Students wearing t-shirts that say , "  We 've never heard of you , either . " #lynnedebate PeterLandau -- Our presidential candidates should be doping . This debate would be greatly improved by performance-enhancing drugs . wheezywaiter -- This split screen is making it easy to imagine a Romney/Obama Siamese twin . W. Kamau Bell -- President Obama has that "  I have Bin Laden 's head in a bag beneath the desk . " look in his eyes . #mockthevote #debate Donald J. Trump -- Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden . The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden . #debate Scary Beans -- Stop congratulating The Navy Seals for killing Bin Laden . Some guns and also some bullets killed Bin Laden . #debate Andy Borowitz -- Both candidates ' use of the numbers 1 through 5 underscores the importance of keeping Sesame Street . #debate cody christman -- A 15 year old talking about the debate on twitter is like a Canadian discussing palm trees with a polar bear David Fear -- "  You clearly think the beer in question is less filling ! " "  No , no , that is not accurate , I clearly said it . Tasted . Great ! " #debate jamisonfoser -- Obama : "  I know you have n't had a chance to execute foreign policy . " FACT-CHECK : Romney organized multinational Luge competition . Felix Salmon -- Governor , I 'll see you your Mali and raise you a Chad . You 're not going to leave Chad hanging , are you ? BradMcCarty -- According to Twitter , the Giants are leading Mitt Romney in game 3 . Jon Mooallem -- Chose the baseball game . Somebody 's actually going to win that . Hank Green -- The Giants Game 7 is ensuring no one in San Francisco is watching the Debate . How is Mitt ever going to reach them !? awsamuel -- America , if all you want is a president whose policy is "  go after the bad guys " , my 6-year-old stands ready to serve . #debate Barack Obama -LSB- Parody account -RSB- -- Wait , so Tumult is n't one of Romney 's sons name ? #debate Ben Greenman -- Romney : "  I 'm not going to wear rose-colored glasses . " As groovy as that would be . Bill Dixon -- If life were good , Mitt Romney would say "  binder full of NATO allies . " #mockthevote #debate david carr -- Romney : Love me some drones . My drones will dronier than the drones we now have . Arianna Huffington -- So no daylight at all btw the two on drones and Afghanistan . This is more of a meeting than a debate . michaelshure -- Latin America is great because it is a time-zone opportunity ? WORST PANDER EVER #current2012 Matthew Reichbach -- Obama should have picked up a mic and dropped it after that #horsesandbayonets line . Cory Byrom -- I saw Horses and Bayonets at SXSW back in 2010 . They slayed . #debate jonathanwald -- Lone debate correspondent for Horse & Hound finally has a fresh lede . John Kerry -- I think POTUS just sank Romney 's battleship azizansari -- "  What are you guys going to be for Halloween ? " #BetterDebateQuestions nickgillespie -- Governor , you get a phone call that Candy Crowley is on her way to moderate a debate . What do YOU do ? Some Dude -- Did we get married to Pakistan during a drunken weekend in Vegas ?? Was Zach Galifianakas involved ? #debates kumailn -- To divorce Pakistan , you 'd just have to say "  divorce " three times . #islamjoke #lookitup #debate anamariecox -- I went on an apology tour once and I was sorry I did . Matt Binder -- "  Do n't say Obama Bin Laden . " - Bob Schieffer preparing for the debate "  Obama Bin Laden " - Bob Schieffer at the debate #debates CNN 's Doug Gross , John Sutter and Brandon Griggs contributed to this story .	The final presidential debate elicited 6.5 million tweets in 90 minutes The breakout topic of the night was a line about "  horses and bayonettes " Other trending topics included everyone loving teachers and if Obama went on an "  apology tour "
A few weeks ago , I said Mitt Romney 's Hispanic outreach was not visible to the naked eye . I try to call 'em as I see 'em , even when it means criticism of my own party . Today , I see a Romney Hispanic blitz . Latino-Palooza is underway . Hispanic volunteers are holding events , making phone calls , knocking on doors . Romney began to spend significant resources on Spanish TV ads in swing states with a sizable Hispanic population . He 's doing an interview with Telemundo , speaking to the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and participating in a Univision Candidate Forum , all this week . My unsolicited advice to Romney : CONNECT ! For the love of God , Mitt , acknowledge you are in front of Latinos . It 's OK to talk to different communities about specific issues that affect them more than others . If done correctly and with sincerity , it is called speaking to your audience . If it strikes an inauthentic note , it 's pandering . Earlier this year , Romney spoke to the Latino Coalition . He mentioned "  Latino " twice , once while thanking his hosts . Recently , he spoke at an event in Miami , Florida . You may have thought it was taking place in Miami , Ohio . He made no comments specifically targeted to the thousands of Hispanics braving the heat and humidity to hear him . Romney never mentioned foreign policy toward Latin America , not even Cuba . How someone fails to do that in the heart of Cuban-American Miami is puzzling . Barack Obama , for his part , has been working the Latino community . In the past six months , it 's reached a fever pitch . The Democrat National Convention was a parade of Latinos : elected officials , celebrities , singers , students and even an undocumented young woman , representing the Dreamer students who would qualify for legal status under a potential Dream Act . Obama knows winning the Latino vote is key . Just as crucial as the margin of victory is the level of turnout . Obama 's task is to maintain his current numbers of 65 % to 68 % support and increase voter enthusiasm . Romney must chip away at Obama 's lead . He will have a difficult time winning the election with his Hispanic poll numbers hovering around 30 % . Hispanic events provide an opportunity to ask tough questions . Romney and Obama have some explaining to do . Like many other voters , Hispanics want to hear more specifics from Romney and Obama . Whether its economic policy or foreign policy , they would like the candidates to get past lofty platitudes . Many Hispanics live in Florida , Nevada and Arizona , which have been disproportionately affected by the foreclosure crisis . They want to know how they are going to get out of houses that are underwater and mortgages that are overwhelming . Hispanic unemployment has run significantly higher than the national average  now 8.1 %  during the Obama administration . It is still high at 10.2 % , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . On education , Hispanic dropout rates continue to be higher than the national average . Last year , it was estimated by one study to be as high as 28 % . These are real problems that require real solutions . We want to hear concrete steps towards opportunity . Then there is immigration . Note to Romney : Take a deep breath . Close your eyes and jump ! You must address this issue . Continuing to avoid it turns it into an albatross around your neck . Romney needs to move beyond his positions during the primary . He promised to veto the Dream Act . He should then tell us if and how he plans to confront the predicament these young people face . Proposing to staple a green card to the diploma of foreign students graduating from U.S. universities does not cut it . While he 's at it , he should say what he plans to do about the administrative order issued by the Obama administration that provides Dreamers temporary status for two years . If he becomes president , will he revoke it or will he let the order stand for at least the initial two-year period ? A simple yes or no will suffice . There also needs to be a responsible plan to deal with securing our borders and enforcing our immigration laws but also providing a practical and humane solution for the 11 million undocumented people already here . Unless it 's meant as a lame attempt at humor , "  self-deportation " is not an adequate response . Talking of self-deportation , there 's a question as to whether Kris Kobach , the Kansas secretary of state who advocates the concept and is credited as the architect of Arizona 's controversial SB1070 law , is an adviser or a supporter to Romney . Which is it ? Romney has not publicly embraced Dreamers , but he 's had no difficulty embracing the guys who give us nightmares , such as Sheriff Joe Arpaio , U.S. Rep. Steve King of Iowa and Kobach . How should Hispanics feel about that and what role , if any , would any of them play in a Romney administration ? Obama has his share of explanations to give . Many Latinos have felt great economic pain during his administration . Some of us , who do n't think we should give one inch to anti-democratic regimes in Latin American , did not like seeing Obama in a discussion of missile defense , tap then-Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on the knee and promise more flexibility in a second term . What does that mean vis-a-vis the likes of Fidel Castro or Hugo Chavez ? In 2008 , Obama promised Hispanics he would pass comprehensive immigration reform . He had a majority in the House and Senate and a powerful mandate for his first two years , and he failed to so much as present a plan , much less push for its passage . Blaming Republicans for his broken promise is silly . He passed his other priorities , including health care reform and the stimulus package , with practically no Republican support . Those first two years , where Obama showed will , he found a way . He chose not to make immigration a priority . Why should we believe him now ? How does he plan to pass any meaningful reform in his second term when 1  he will be a lame duck from day one ; and 2  he will in all likelihood have a Republican-controlled House and very divided Senate ? Obama has not been known to cultivate congressional allies , Democrat or Republicans . Passing controversial legislation will not be easy . Four years ago , Obama chanted , "  Si , se puede ! "  Yes , we can !  He 's grown older and grayer ; so have we . He could n't and did n't in his first term . He 'd be well-served to acknowledge that and take some responsibility , instead of just laying the blame elsewhere . Hispanics are disappointed in Obama and distrustful of Romney . Both of them have seven weeks to change that . The clock is ticking .	Ana Navarro : Romney is furiously wooing Latino voters now . Some advice : Connect ! She says at events , he fails to acknowledge Latinos ' concerns , but he must for support She says Romney seems allied with immigration hardliners such as Sheriff Joe Arpaio Navarro : Obama 's let down Latinos significantly ; both candidates must convince them
CNN  -- Written off by all and sundry as the most expensive flop in English Premier League history , Fernando Torres is seemingly back in business . Four goals in two games have transformed the misfiring striker from the on-pitch personification of Chelsea 's recent problems to perhaps the man who can earn Rafael Benitez a bit more time in the club 's managerial hotseat . "  I said before that if the team play well and create chances he will score goals , " Benitez said after Torres netted twice in Saturday 's 3-1 win at Sunderland -- Chelsea 's first victory in eight EPL games . "  It 's fair to say that we are watching a Torres with more confidence and belief . I was analyzing his movements and adjusting a few things . It 's a question of confidence and differences in movements . The most important thing is that he appears confident . " The victory kept Chelsea third ahead of Sunday 's Manchester derby -- seven points behind leaders United and four adrift of second-placed City . It capped a week which started with Chelsea 's embarrassing group-stage exit from the Champions League and which will end with the squad traveling to Japan for the Club World Cup . Torres ended his two-month drought with two goals in Wednesday 's 6-1 thrashing of Danish team Nordsjaelland , but the next day he had an immediate reminder of his earlier struggles from the man he is seeking to follow as a Chelsea hero . Didier Drogba , back training with the club to keep fit for next month 's Africa Cup of Nations , put on a lavish dinner for last season 's Champions League-winning team -- spending a reported $ 1.3 million as he had special commemorative rings made for his former colleagues . Torres did not attend the affair laid on by the player who kept him out of the Chelsea starting lineup following his $ 80 million move from Liverpool -- Drogba , the fan favorite who finally delivered the European title that owner Roman Abramovich has always craved , with his last kick for the club before moving to China . Whether it served as a catalyst for Saturday 's performance , only Torres knows , but the Spain international shrugged off the lethargy that followed his promising start to this season as he looked more like the man who starred for Benitez at Liverpool . Torres opened the scoring in the 11th minute from Eden Hazard 's cross for his first in the EPL since October 6 , and made it 2-0 at halftime with his first successful penalty in English football after Sebastian Larsson tripped Ramires . Torres hit the crossbar soon after the break , but compatriot Juan Mata followed up to score , and Sunderland dropped into the relegation zone despite a consolation from Adam Johnson . It was Benitez 's first league win in four games since replacing the sacked Roberto Di Matteo , a hugely unpopular appointment with the Chelsea fans . "  Little by little we are adjusting things , but if we have more confidence , with the quality we have we will win games , " said the Spanish coach , who will now seek to repeat his 2010 Club World Cup success with Inter Milan -- after which he was promptly sacked having fallen out with players and officials at the Italian club . "  It 's important to have an opportunity to win any trophy , but especially this one , " Benitez said . "  It was a great experience for me and I hope it will be for my players . I got to the final in 2005 and won the tournament in 2010 . " Arsenal ended a four-match winless run by beating fifth-placed West Brom 2-0 thanks to two penalties from Mikel Arteta -- the first coming after an apparent dive from fellow Spanish midfielder Santi Cazorla . "  There was zero contact , it was n't even close . I am not sure what the referee saw , " West Brom manager Steve Clarke said . "  It was a bad decision for us and obviously changed the shape of the afternoon . We knew the longer the game went the more pressure would come on Arsenal . " Arsene Wenger 's team had dropped to 10th after last weekend 's defeat by Swansea , but climbed back up to sixth as the London side bounced back from the midweek Champions League loss to Olympiakos . Norwich 's 4-3 win at eighth-placed Swansea was marred by the arrest of one of the home team 's fans for an alleged racist gesture . Norwich 's Cameroon defender Sebastien Bassong complained after being abused following a second-half goal from Robert Snodgrass that put Norwich 4-2 ahead . "  Within 10 minutes of the report the stewards had got hold of the TV footage , replayed it , identified the alleged person in question and within that period he was arrested for a racially aggravated public order offense , " said a Swansea spokesman . "  The matter is with the police , but from the club 's point of view we abhor racism and we have worked hard over the years to make this a family club . We will look into it and a further statement will follow in due course . " Spanish striker Michu scored twice for Swansea to move top of the EPL scoring charts with 12 , lifting him above Manchester United 's Robin van Persie and Liverpool 's Luis Suarez . Torres now has six , and 11 in all competitions this season . Southampton moved out of the bottom three for the first time this season , beating fellow promoted side Reading 1-0 to be equal on points with Aston Villa and Wigan . Villa drew 0-0 with mid-table Stoke , while two goals from James McCarthy earned Wigan a 2-2 draw with bottom club Queens Park Rangers . QPR set a new record of 16 EPL games without a win , beating Swindon 's unwanted mark from the 1993-94 season , as new manager Harry Redknapp had to settle for a third successive draw despite taking a second-half lead through striker Djibril Cisse following defender Ryan Nelsen 's first-half equalizer .	Fernando Torres scores twice for the second time this week in Chelsea victory Spain striker has ended two-month drought which coincided with team 's struggles Chelsea 's 3-1 win at Sunderland is first in EPL under new boss Rafael Benitez Swansea fan arrested for alleged racist gesture during 4-3 defeat by Norwich
CNN  How much information is too much information ? When British tennis player Heather Watson said in a post-match interview that she lost her Australian Open round due to "  girl things , " she sparked a debate about menstruation that quickly spread across the world . "  Has sport 's last taboo been broken ? " wondered commentators , after the 22-year-old described feeling "  light-headed " and "  low on energy , " putting it down to her period . "  We talk about sex quite openly , we talk about breast enlargements , we talk about so many things that people do n't even bat an eyelid about these days , " former British number one tennis player , Annabel Croft , told CNN . "  Yet this particular subject never gets discussed . And I can understand why -- it 's a bit uncomfortable viewing is n't it ? " said the founder of her own line of leak-proof underwear called "  Diary Doll . " "  But the fact that Heather said what she said in a very innocent , charming way , I think it made people think ` wow ' this does happen to athletes at that particular time of the month . " With the world 's media scrutinizing their every move , it often feels as though nothing is out of bounds when discussing the physical and mental conditions of elite athletes . Indeed , Argentine footballer Javier Mascherano did n't bat an eyelid as he told reporters he 'd torn his anus in a goal-saving stretch during last year 's World Cup . While English cricketer Michael Yardy flew home early from an international tour in 2011 , revealing he was suffering depression . "  Women 's business " So why the silence when it comes to a fact of nature that affects most female athletes -- and in Watson 's case apparently influenced the outcome of her match ? "  Even grown women in the office , when they make the walk from their cubicle to the bathroom discreetly tuck a tampon or pad up their sleeve or decide whether to carry their purse with them -- not to hide the blood itself , but the fact that they 're bleeding , " Karen Houppert , author of "  The Curse : Confronting the Last Unmentionable Taboo , Menstruation , " told CNN . She said the secrecy was partly to do with workplaces historically being "  men 's spaces , " which women have adapted to . "  I think it 's also linked to sexuality in ways that makes people feel uncomfortable , " Houppert added . "  Girl things " While Houppert supported Watson 's candor , she said describing menstruation as "  girl things " perpetuated a culture of concealment . "  I wish she could have just been direct about it , because I think that adds to the weirdness surrounding this topic , " said Houppert . "  Our history of talking about menstruation is really full of euphemisms that people have used for centuries : Wrong time of the month ; Communists in the summer house ; The misery ; Under the weather ; Weeping wound ; Package of troubles . " Could the British number one tennis player have actually set back feminism in the sports arena by bringing up her period in the first place ? "  It 's potentially problematic for women because our periods can get used against us , " said Houppert . "  It 's easy to dismiss a woman as ` oh she 's on her rags ' if someone is angry or emotional . It 's a way of discounting the validity of what a woman is saying . " Professional cyclist , Inga Thompson , said there was a fine line between openness and undermining women 's sporting abilities . "  I feel very protective of our sport . You do n't want to pull the ` girl card , ' because we 've fought so hard for equal representation , " she told CNN . "  It 's true that the day before or the day after I started my period , I was a little weaker . Was I ever so weak that I felt I lost a race because of it ? No . " In Croft 's case , she once felt so dizzy from her period she had to walk away from a Grand Slam match -- "  I did n't feel like I could talk about why I had to do this . Like so many female athletes I suffered in silence , " she said . Man up ? Every woman is different and menstruation need n't be the deciding factor on the playing field . After all , British runner Paula Radcliffe told the BBC she had her period when she broke the world record at the Chicago Marathon in 2002 . In some cases , professional cyclists naturally miss periods due to low body weight , said Thompson . On the tennis circuit , players sometimes take the pill to skip their period during a major competition said Croft , who recalled the immense pressure of playing at Wimbledon in a white skirt , with her period , and the world 's camera lenses trained on her every move . "  It 's a nightmare , particularly because the skirts are flapping up in the wind the whole time and you definitely do n't want to have an accident , " she said . "  There is only one toilet break a set -- and matches can go on a long time ! " Breaking the cycle So does that mean Watson has heralded a new era of openness among female athletes ? "  What she has done is open up a world debate , and I think it will be easier to talk about it in the future because that subject has been broached now . I think it 's been quite groundbreaking , " said Croft . "  But whether or not a journalist is brave enough in a press conference to ask : ` Did you lose today because you had your period ? ' I 'm not sure if that 's ever going to be the case . " Insight : Bouchard stays calm over tennis ` Twirlgate ' Big interview : Goolagong -- ` Sunshine Super Girl ' who defied prejudice	British player Heather Watson loses match due to ` girl things ' Sparks global debate about whether menstruation is sport 's ` last taboo ' Openness applauded by some , others concerned it could damage equality
Paul Walker 's death sent "  Fast & Furious " producers to the editing room to find a way to salvage what they 've shot for the franchise 's seventh installment , a source close to the production told CNN . Walker 's ex-cop character , Brian O'Conner , has been central to five of the first six "  Fast & Furious " stories and was returning to the next release set to hit theaters July 11 , 2014 . Many millions of dollars are at stake , considering the franchise has sold $ 2.6 billion in tickets around the world since 2001 . But the filmmakers have to be careful in deciding how they bring Walker 's character to an end in the series , unless they replace him with another actor . Walker , 40 , and the rest of the cast were on a short break for Thanksgiving when he stepped into a red 2005 Porsche Carerra GT for a short ride around a Santa Clarita , California , business park Saturday afternoon . Investigators believe the car , driven by Walker 's friend Roger Rodas , was speeding when it clipped a light pole and was engulfed in flames , killing both men . Man arrested for stealing part of Paul Walker Porsche wreckage Universal Pictures confirmed Tuesday that they 've put production on hold "  for a period of time so we can assess all options available to move forward with the franchise . " A well-placed source shared details with CNN about what 's gone on behind the scenes . Walker had been set to fly back to Atlanta by Monday for the resumption of filming . Filming , which began in the Georgia capital three months ago , was already behind schedule and only about 50 % completed , according to the source . His death left the producers , cast and crew in confusion , the source said . Editors began reviewing frame by frame what had already been shot with Walker , including outtakes , for footage that might be incorporated into a rewritten script , the source said . They were looking for ways to piece together new scenes with Walker , perhaps using computer-generated imagery , or CGI . The script writers have been considering how to rewrite the story to end Walker 's character . If O'Conner is killed off while street racing -- a key element in each film -- Walker 's fans could be offended . Stars who died during production Without a creative answer , producers could be forced to start over without Walker 's character , possibly delaying the film that Universal counted on to be a tent pole for its summer releases . Universal Pictures executives flew from Hollywood to Atlanta where they met Wednesday night with the producers and crew to discuss the possibilities . Executives with the insurance company that bonded the production are also involved in the decisions , the source said . Until decisions are made , the production crew is out of work with no idea how long the shutdown will last . They will be paid until Friday , when they are suppose to leave Atlanta , the source said . The plan to send the cast and crew to Abu Dhabi for filming is also on hold , the source said . The appropriation of Paul Walker	Paul Walker 's ex-cop character has been central to 5 of the first 6 "  Fast & Furious " films Filmmakers have to decide how they bring Walker 's character to an end Walker 's car crash death left producers , cast and crew in confusion , a source says Insurance execs who bonded the production are involved in the decisions , source says
