The emerging process of 3-D printing , which uses computer-created digital models to create real-world objects , has produced everything from toys to jewelry to food . Soon , however , 3-D printers may be spitting out something far more complex , and controversial : human organs . For years now , medical researchers have been reproducing human cells in laboratories by hand to create blood vessels , urine tubes , skin tissue and other living body parts . But engineering full organs , with their complicated cell structures , is much more difficult . Enter 3-D printers , which because of their precise process can reproduce the vascular systems required to make organs viable . Scientists are already using the machines to print tiny strips of organ tissue . And while printing whole human organs for surgical transplants is still years away , the technology is rapidly developing . "  The mechanical process is n't all that complicated . The tricky part is the materials , which are biological in nature , " said Mike Titsch , editor-in-chief of 3D Printer World , which covers the industry . "  It is n't like 3-D printing plastic or metal . Plastic does n't die if you leave it sitting on an open-air shelf at room temperature for too long . " The idea of printing a human kidney or liver in a lab may seem incomprehensible , even creepy . But to many scientists in the field , bioprinting holds great promise . Authentic printed organs could be used for drug or vaccine testing , freeing researchers from less accurate methods such as tests on animals or on synthetic models . Then there 's the hope that 3-D printers could someday produce much-needed organs for transplants . Americans are living longer , and as we get deeper into old age our organs are failing more . Some 18 people die in the United States each day waiting in vain for transplants because of a shortage of donated organs -- a problem that Anthony Atala , director of the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine and a pioneer in bioprinting , calls "  a major health crisis . " An ` exciting new area of medicine ' Bioprinting works like this : Scientists harvest human cells from biopsies or stem cells , then allow them to multiply in a petri dish . The resulting mixture , a sort of biological ink , is fed into a 3-D printer , which is programmed to arrange different cell types , along with other materials , into a precise three-dimensional shape . Doctors hope that when placed in the body , these 3-D-printed cells will integrate with existing tissues . The process already is seeing some success . Last year a 2-year-old girl in Illinois , born without a trachea , received a windpipe built with her own stem cells . The U.S. government has funded a university-led "  body on a chip " project that prints tissue samples that mimic the functions of the heart , liver , lungs and other organs . The samples are placed on a microchip and connected with a blood substitute to keep the cells alive , allowing doctors to test specific treatments and monitor their effectiveness . "  This is an exciting new area of medicine . It has the potential for being a very important breakthrough , " said Dr. Jorge Rakela , a gastroenterologist at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix and a member of the American Liver Foundation 's medical advisory committee . "  Three-D printing allows you to be closer to what is happening in real life , where you have multiple layers of cells , " he said . With current 2-D models , "  if you grow more than one or two layers , the cells at the bottom suffocate from lack of oxygen . " To accelerate the development of bioprinted organs , a Virginia foundation that supports regenerative medicine research announced in December it will award a $ 1 million prize for the first organization to print a fully functioning liver . One early contender for the prize is Organovo , a California start-up that has been a leader in bioprinting human body parts for commercial purposes . Using cells from donated tissue or stem cells , Organovo is developing what it hopes will be authentic models of human organs , primarily livers , for drug testing . The company has printed strips of human liver tissue in its labs , although they are still very small : four by four by one millimeter , or about one-fourth the size of a dime . Each strip takes about 45 minutes to print , and it takes another two days for the cells to grow and mature , said Organovo CEO Keith Murphy . The models can then survive for about 40 days . Organovo has also built models of human kidneys , bone , cartilage , muscle , blood vessels and lung tissue , he said . "  Basically what it allows you to do is build tissue the way you assemble something with Legos , " Murphy said . "  So you can put the right cells in the right places . You ca n't just pour them into a mold . " Ethical concerns Not everyone is comfortable with this bold new future of lab-built body parts , however . A research director at Gartner Inc. , the information-technology research and advisory firm , believes 3-D bioprinting is advancing so quickly that it will spark a major ethical debate by 2016 . "  Three-D bioprinting facilities with the ability to print human organs and tissue will advance far faster than general understanding and acceptance of the ramifications of this technology , " Pete Basiliere said in a recent report . "  These initiatives are well-intentioned , but raise a number of questions that remain unanswered , " Basiliere added . "  What happens when complex ` enhanced ' organs involving nonhuman cells are made ? Who will control the ability to produce them ? Who will ensure the quality of the resulting organs ? " Bioprinted organs are also likely to be expensive , which could put them out of reach of all but the wealthiest patients . Murphy said Organovo only uses human cells in creating tissues , and does n't see any ethical problems with what his company is doing . "  People used to worry about doing research on cadavers ... and that dissipated very quickly , " he said . "  We do n't think there 's any controversy if you 're producing good data and helping people with health conditions . " Most experts , including Wake Forest 's Atala , do n't think we 'll see complex 3-D-printed organs , suitable for transplants , for years if not decades . Instead , they believe the next step will be printing strips of tissue , or patches , that could be used to repair livers and other damaged organs . "  We are very eager to put pieces of tissue to work for surgical transplants , " said Organovo 's Murphy , who hopes his company will be ready to begin clinical trials within five years . Of course , any use of 3-D-printed tissue in surgical procedures would require approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration . That review process could take up to a decade . By then , the notion of a surgeon putting a 3-D-printed kidney into a patient may not seem so bizarre . Then again , this swiftly evolving technology may create new moral conundrums . "  The ethical questions are bound to be the same concerns we have seen in the past . Many major medical breakthroughs have suffered moral resistance , from organ transplants to stem cells , " said Titsch of 3D Printer World . "  Will only the rich be able to afford it ? Are we playing God ? In the end , saving lives tends to trump all objections . "	3-D printers may someday be producing complex -- and controversial -- human organs Their precise process can reproduce vascular systems required to make organs viable Doctor : "  It has the potential for being a very important breakthrough " Researcher : Bioprinting will spark a major ethical debate by 2016
CNN  -- I was recently diagnosed with brain cancer . This was shocking news . Sitting across from a doctor holding a clinical folder with your name on it , and hearing him say the words "  low-grade glioma , " "  language and comprehension areas of your brain , " "  surgery " and "  chemotherapy " is a very weird experience . My first idea was to seek other opinions . Maybe this hospital is wrong . Maybe there are other places that would n't need to do surgery . Maybe there is a laser , a chemical , an ancient tradition , a shaman , a scientist , a nanorobot . I felt incomplete about the way that the medical system was handling my situation . Being "  diseased " is like a state of suspended life . Can I work ? Have fun ? Be creative ? Not really . When you are declared "  diseased , " you become a set of medical records , therapy , dosages , exam dates . It 's as if you disappear , replaced by your disease . I immediately asked for my clinical records in digital format , and left the hospital . TED.com : A new understanding of cancer My main objective -- the best thing I felt that I could do -- was to make my digital information available on the Internet , in formats that would allow people of multiple cultures , skills , professions and inclinations to access , use , recombine and redistribute it . Why would I want them to access this information ? To help me find the best cure for myself , and in the process to produce substantial social change by redefining the word "  cure . " But when I went home to publish my medical records , all I could do was send them to specialized professionals , either by duplicating the CDs and mailing them or by copying their closed format and uploading them somewhere . I had no direct access to my own information , since I use Linux and OSX rather than the files ' Windows-based viewer . As a software engineer , I found software and programming tools to hack the files and make them open -- but a nontechnical person would have difficulty making use of their own medical data . I needed , first of all , something which I could easily share , maybe allowing people to open it from their browsers , or even from their smartphones . TED.com : New strategy in war on cancer So I opened up my medical records and converted the data into multiple formats : spreadsheets , databases , metadata files in XML and video , image and sound files . And I published them on The Cure . The responses have been incredible . More than 200,000 people have visited the site and many have provided videos , poems , medical opinions , suggestions of alternative cures or lifestyles , personal stories of success or , sadly , failures -- and simply the statement , "  I am here . " Among them were more than 90 doctors and researchers who offered information and support . The geneticist and TED fellow Jimmy Lin has offered to sequence the genome of my tumor after surgery -- in an open-source platform , of course . And the Italian parliament has been debating a motion to make all patients ' medical records more open and accessible , which would be amazing progress in my country . Within one day I also heard from two different doctors , who recommended similar kinds of surgery . The first version is "  awake surgery , " which monitors the brain in real time as different parts are touched . The second is a variation in which electrodes are placed on the brain during surgery , and then a brain map is produced  with the patient awake  and used during a second surgery  with the patient fully unconscious  . TED.com : Your genes are not your fate Existing portals and websites that allow patients and ex-patients to exchange stories and opinions already exist . But we 're talking about something different . I see a cure as a dynamic process , in which multiple doctors , professionals , artists , scientists and others join as a society -- to converse , support each other , be open to various contributions and shape solutions that merge humanity , technology , technique , philosophy and art . Creativity and "  normal life " become part of the process and bring "  diseased " people back to life . To me , a true cure is complete , is human , and has dignity . And it never ends . Such a cure is a dialogue in which "  experts " maintain their status -- and in fact , an enormous thank you goes out to all the extremely qualified professionals who are constantly responding to my calls -- but the whole process opens up to possibility . TED.com : The potential of regenerative medicine And this is exactly what is happening : We are creating a cure by uniting the contributions of surgeons , homeopaths , oncologists , Chinese doctors , nutritionists and spiritual healers . The active participation of everyone involved -- both experts and ex-patients -- is naturally filtering out any damaging suggestion which might be proposed . To achieve this kind of cure , we must be open to strategies from different cultures and philosophical orientations . And we must embrace a wider , more profound discourse about the ways in which information circulates digitally . For now , I 'm following a complex strategy developed with the help of a series of doctors and experts who responded to my open-source cure site and have suggested a variety of therapies to deal with the disease . As of now , my cancer growth has stopped . We are waiting for the next test results to decide when and if to proceed to surgery . How can you be involved ? Tell us about excellent techniques and technologies from around the world that can effectively confront low-grade glioma . We have explored many opinions in Italy and Europe , but fewer outside . Share your stories and experiences , the solutions you have found , the fraud you have encountered . Send us videos , poems , images , audio or text that you see as relevant to a scenario in which art and creativity can help form a complete and ongoing cure . Or tell us , "  I am here ! " -- alive and connected , ready to support a fellow human being . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Salvatore Iaconesi .	Salvatore Iaconesi : I was diagnosed with brain cancer at the age of 39 He says he decided to put his medical records online , invite world to help find a cure More than 200,000 people have visited site ; many have provided valuable information , support Iaconesi : I 'm following a complex set of therapies before deciding on surgery
CNN  -- Retail stores across Colorado sold nonmedical marijuana to adults for the first time Wednesday . As someone who has worked on reforming marijuana laws for nearly three years , I decided to take part as a customer and get in line . Advocates , industry members and media stayed away from partying New Year 's Eve to get up early to commemorate the historic day . We began at 3D cannabis dispensary at 7 a.m. with a press conference . We joined city and state representatives at Medicine Man dispensary later in the morning . The atmosphere was reminiscent of a concert or sporting event . People who braved the cold stood in line and made small talk . A lot of people , particularly those over 50 , said "  It 's about time , " and told stories about arrests spanning decades for using marijuana . It was like a wedding or Election Night , with lots of picture-taking , hugs and congratulatory wishes -- except it was 7 a.m. and coffee and cocoa took the place of beer and wine . I waited alongside three fairly young men who drove nine hours from Nebraska to take part . Behind them was a couple from Chicago who insisted their decision to go to Denver was not solely based on buying state-regulated marijuana -- but it played a significant role . Many others were local marijuana users looking forward to experiencing what only medical marijuana patients had been accustomed to in Colorado . Once in earshot of the "  budtenders , " the conversation was fairly surreal . I asked for a strain perfect for after work , something to make me relax and help me sleep -- a Marijuana Merlot . I was told two Indica strains are solid sellers for this purpose : Tahoe Triangle and Ogre . Tahoe Triangle had a light pine smell ; Ogre was more musty and pungent like you might imagine a hairy monster would be . I went with the Ogre with thoughts of Shrek in my mind . The stores are fully backed by the state and local governments , and have been given a cautious green light by the federal government to proceed as planned . Colorado voters approved Amendment 64 , which legalized pot for recreational use , because they believe marijuana prohibition is more harmful than good and wastes resources . Colorado 's previous efforts to decriminalize the plant -- remove criminal penalties for possession of small amounts of marijuana while it still remained technically illegal -- have already proven cost effective , practical and safe . According to the Colorado Center on Law and Policy , the amendment 's decriminalization alone would save the state $ 12 million in 2012 . In the last decade , the state has averaged more than 10,000 arrests and citations per year for minor marijuana possession . The number of arrests has dropped over the last year to below 4,500 , but this number represents high increases in arrests for public consumption . Public consumption is a primary issue ahead of us . Using marijuana in public is still illegal in Colorado , and the Denver City Council has been engaging in a long back and forth to define "  open and public use . " The current definition is n't specific enough for the post - Amendment 64 era . The proposed law in Denver would allow for open and public use as long as it 's on private property with permission of the owner or lessee . Smoking is not allowed on city sidewalks , parks or the downtown mall . Law enforcement rarely arrested anyone for public use before Amendment 64 , when possession charges were the primary prohibition . We expect this number to stabilize and decline as law enforcement , decision-makers and users establish a culture of responsible use . Fortunately , use and consumption laws will soon be a civil issue in Denver , not a criminal one . On the way back to the car after making my first fully legal and regulated marijuana purchase , I saw the guys from Nebraska again . I handed them educational brochures created by local reform advocates that provide various resources , address the effects and caution for consuming potent edibles , and generally explain the law . The young men thanked me , jumped in their Jeep with Nebraska license plates and Denver Bronco covers and took off . The state is addressing potential harms of using marijuana with public education , safety and health outreach efforts . It felt good to put this new reality in action with cautionary discussions with the Nebraskans and others throughout the day . Colorado is leading the nation in a new way to control marijuana , focusing scarce law enforcement resources away from arresting responsible users . It is satisfying to be part of that process , and it feels incredible to be in a position to promote safety and positive experiences for adults who are now law-abiding . They are pioneering an end to prohibition just by being regular people , standing in line , and behaving with friendly cheer and good spirits on the first day of 2014 . The sky did n't fall in the Mile High City . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Art Way .	Art Way bought marijuana at a store in Colorado on first day of legal pot for adults Way : In line , the mood was celebratory , with people saying "  it 's about time " Way : Arrests for possession have plummeted , but you can get arrested for public use He says Colorado is leading the nation in a new way to control marijuana and save money
CNN  -- As nearly 600 days under siege sap the life and dignity out of the Old District in the Syrian city of Homs -- leaving malnourished men with legs like noodles and soot-stained children to dig through homes turned into rubble for bits of firewood -- diplomats in a picturesque Swiss city bicker over aid . "  The situation is unbearable and inhuman . Food , there is none . Medical supplies , there is none . Milk for children , there is none . It is beyond words . " Mohammed Abu Yahay tells CNN through a crackly Skype connection . Diplomats at the Geneva II peace negotiations in the Swiss city reached a yet to be executed deal to evacuate some women and children , according to United Nations mediator Lakhdar Brahimi , but for those affected , the meek agreement is little more than a consolation prize . " We will fill our stomach with stones . We do n't want to eat . We do not want your food or your aid supplies . We want to break the siege . There is nothing here anymore ! " an angry resident yells in one of several social media videos posted online this week by activists hoping to draw attention to their plight . The Geneva peace talks seemed to matter little to residents living on perpetually empty bellies who demanded all parties put aside their differences to break the almost two-year siege of Homs rather than agree to a temporary solution from a reluctant regime . " We ask Geneva to break the siege and make us safe roads and get us out of here . I need an urgent operation on my leg . ... We have been around one year and eight months under the siege , and also we do n't want Ban Ki-moon ... to be worried about us anymore . They have been worrying for more than a year and seven months . Poor them , " an elderly man with crutches sarcastically says in a video posted on social media websites . The International Committee of the Red Cross also urged more action , saying that while the aid organization welcomes the agreement to evacuate women and children from the Old City , "  a one-shot evacuation will not solve all the problems on the ground , " adding that "  it is very crucial to allow impartial humanitarian aid into Homs , " Dibeh Fakhr , an ICRC spokesman , told CNN Monday . The appeals appeared to fall on deaf ears , as the opposition Syrian National Coalition and the Syrian government delegation complained to the media Monday about the failures of the other party . Inside Syria 's most dangerous city The United States blamed the Syrian government for the dire situation , accusing it of waging a "  kneel or starve campaign . " "  The regime is blocking all convoys of aid to Homs , and has been doing so for months . The U.N. with the Red Cross has been trying to get aid these aid convoys through to the city of Homs ; the regime is blocking it . The situation is extremely urgent . Anything the regime says to the contrary is wrong , " a senior U.S. official told CNN . As the bitter winter cold retains its hold on the restive city , activists and residents say starvation and the lack of basic medical care claim lives regularly as Syrian troops and some opposition forces prevent the delivery of aid , according to a report from Human Rights Watch last month . "  Protein , all types of vitamins , vegetables , fruits -- all this is has been extremely scarce over the past eight to 10 months . So for children above the age of 2 and the elderly above 60 , they are most vulnerable to the symptoms of malnutrition , and this is where we see the highest rates of mortality . " Dr. Mashwan Abo Abdu a neurologist residing in the Old City told CNN . Tree leaves , grass , olives and stale grain are all that 's on the menu at many homes in the old districts of Homs , where many residents say they struggle to get just one meal a day on the table while loved ones with preventable diseases languish in a makeshift medical clinic with "  medieval health care . " "  The world must help us ; they ca n't watch us drown in a sea of suffering , pain and death and do nothing after more than one and a half years of being under siege " the Rev. Frans , a Dutch Jesuit and longtime Syrian resident , said in broken Arabic on social media . Months after the start of an uprising against the government of President Bashar al-Assad , the western city and once-thriving industrial center gave birth to an armed rebellion . That triggered a brutal Syrian troop bombardment in what human rights groups called an act of collective punishment on the city . Over the course of several months , Syrian forces , backed by Hezbollah militants , moved in on the so-called capital of the revolution . They pushed insurgents out of one neighborhood after another until troops established a chokehold around the neighborhoods of Old Homs , separating the district from the Khalidiya area and wresting control of the strategic border city of al-Qusayr . The approximately 3,000 people left behind suffered in silence for months without a single international aid convoy or international observer breaching the siege as food and medical stores dwindled along with the calcium in children 's bones , the milk in mothers ' breasts , and the protein in fathers ' muscles . "  I have personally seen so many infants die due to lack of adequate treatment or professional care because we have no pediatricians , incubators , or obstetricians . So from the moment a child is conceived , they suffer under this siege , " said Dr. Abo Ramez , who along with colleagues , issued a list of needed medical supplies to the international community , including powdered milk for infants and vials of electrolytes . In the gray ruins of the Old City , a simple fall may shatter a child 's thin , malnourished bones , and stunted toddlers smile with teeth blackened by decay as they play hide-and-seek . Doctors tell CNN that without intervention from the international community , "  more people will die . " "  I think that there is a lack of pressure from the international community on the barbaric regime . It is inhuman that they are fighting us over a loaf of bread . Cutting of water , electricity , and preventing any aid organization from entering . This situation reflects poorly on the international community to help these besieged areas , " Ramez said . Palestinian refugees starving to death in Syrian camp , human rights groups say	The Old City of Homs in Syria has been under siege for nearly two years Food and medical supplies have been cut off , leaving hungry , angry residents behind The Geneva peace talks produced a small deal to evacuate women and children "  We do not want your food or your aid supplies . We want to break the siege , " resident says
CNN  -- An ancient race that lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert may have been among the first to use cannabis for medical or religious purposes . Researchers believe an ancient Gushi shaman may have consumed or burned pot for medical or religious purposes . Nearly two pounds of the plant was found stashed in the tomb of a Gushi shaman . It was high in the chemical compounds that provide its psychoactive properties . "  It had evidence of the chemical attributes of cannabis used as a drug , " said Dr. Ethan Russo , an author of a study published in the Journal of Experimental Botany . "  It could have been for pain control . It could have been for other medicinal properties . It could have been used as an aid to divination . " The Gushi people were a Caucasian race with light hair and blue eyes who likely migrated thousands of years ago from the steppes of Russia to what is now China . A nomadic people , they were accomplished horsemen and archers . Chinese archaeologists excavating a network of 2,500 tombs near the town of Turpan in the Xinjiang-Uighur Autonomous Region unearthed the shaman 's grave , which contained the cannabis , along with a trove of artifacts such as bridles , archery equipment and a rare harp . The shaman is thought to have been about 45 years old when he died . Many of the bodies recovered in the area were found in an incredibly well-preserved , almost mummified condition . The shaman , however , was a skeleton . "  The deceased was laid out on the bottom of this tomb on a little bier , " Russo said . "  This individual seemed to be very high status because of the variety and quality of the grave goods , including the equestrian equipment , the archery equipment and the large amount of cannabis . " Russo said no pipe for smoking the cannabis was found in the shaman 's tomb . Researchers think he might have eaten the cannabis or possibly put it on a burning fire to create fumes . They do n't think it was used to make hemp clothing or rope , as some other early cultures did . Genetic analysis of the plant suggests it was cultivated rather than gathered from the wild . This find is not the first or the oldest example of ancient people using cannabis , but it may be the best studied . "  There may have been older finds of cannabis , but not with this level of scientific investigation attached to them , " Russo said .	About two pounds of potent cannabis found stashed in Gushi shaman 's tomb The Gushi were horsemen and archers who lived 2,700 years ago in the Gobi Desert Archaeologists found shaman among 2,500 tombs of mummies , bridles , rare harp No pipe in grave , leading researchers to surmise shaman ate or burned cannabis
CNN  What do you get when you combine Japanese culture , rock and musical theater ? Chaos . Or more precisely KAO = S -- a band of spellbinding musicians presenting vivid visual performances unlike anything you may have ever seen . Following the devastating tsunami in 2011 , the trio came together with the mission of creating something beautiful out of the turmoil . The result is an unusual musical style that blends the vocals and raw acoustic guitar of frontman Shuji Yamagiri with traditional Japanese instruments like the three-string Tsugaru-shamisen played by a musician known as Jack . The two instrumentalists are accompanied by powerful sword dancing from "  Lady Samurai , " aka Kaori Kawabuchi . "  Music gives me imagination or inspiration by just listening to it . It 's like I tell a story by using my body , " Kawabuchi says of dancing with a samurai sword known as a katana . "  I get an image from the sound by the  band  members under the conditions on that day , energy given by the audience , and the atmosphere . " Kawabuchi 's energetic sword dancing is a fluid , swift selection of movements that translate the musicians ' deeply personal sound into a visual spectacle for the band 's growing international audience . Since their conception , the band has played several high-profile gigs outside of Japan , including at the venerated annual SXSW music and media festival in Austin , Texas . They 've also completed a tour of the United States as well as performed for fans at festivals in Germany and England . Band leader Yamagiri adds : "  A strength and characteristic of our band is , we have -LSB- Kawabuchi -RSB- between us , and through her movement , she expresses the feeling of sadness and delight that we try to express in our play , using her body . "  I think it makes it easier for an overseas audience to understand . She can deliver feminine delicacy and tenderness , and also intensity , which is even stronger than men . " Watch the video to learn more about how KAO = S is turning their live gigs into a visually stimulating sensory experience .	KAO = S is a Japanese band formed in the aftermath of the 2011 tsunami Made up of three members , the band fuses Japanese culture with music Performances include masks , kimonos and samurai sword dancing The trio hope to create a new Japanese style by elevating their live performance
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Jaime Escalante , the math teacher portrayed in the 1988 film "  Stand and Deliver , " died Tuesday after a battle with cancer , according to the actor who played him . Escalante , 79 , was surrounded by his wife , children and grandchildren when he died at his home in Roseville , California , said Edward James Olmos . Olmos visited Escalante 's bedside Monday night , he said . "  We lost one of the true giants of education and inspiration in this country , " Olmos said . "  He really made us understand that it did n't matter what color , race , creed or ethnicity any of us are . " Olmos disclosed earlier this month that Escalante was "  seriously ill " with cancer and needed help paying for his medical care . He held a fundraiser in Los Angeles , California , for him last week . "  Stand and Deliver " told the inspirational story of how Escalante turned the failing calculus program at Garfield High School in east Los Angeles into one of the top in the nation . The movie depicted events of 1982 when his inner-city student 's test scores were questioned by officials . Those who were retested had their passing scores reinstated . Escalante became a hero for educators , earning him entrance to the National Teachers Hall of Fame and the Presidential Medal for Excellence in Education . "  During his tenure at Garfield High School , many of our students excelled in learning , aspired to a higher education and went on to become very successful in various careers , " Los Angeles School Superintendent Ramon Cortines said . "  Today , they are living testaments to a teacher who demonstrated how high expectations coupled with constant support can overcome obstacles to a quality education . " The Garfield High math program floundered after Escalante left in 1991 for a teaching job in Sacramento , California . He also hosted a PBS television series that promoted math and science careers . He retired from teaching and returned to Bolivia in 1999 , where he was born in 1930 . Escalante recently returned to California for medical treatment . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Escalante , 79 , died at his home in Roseville , California Teacher turned around failing calculus program at a Los Angeles high school Escalante was portrayed by actor Edward James Olmos in the 1988 film "  Stand and Deliver "
Tampa  CNN  -- Perhaps it was because Rep. Michele Bachmann was in her element at the CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate . With her campaign flagging , the founder of the Tea Party Caucus in Congress delivered a surprise body blow to the GOP front-runner , Texas Gov. Rick Perry . Challenging Perry on his 2007 executive order that required Texas schoolgirls to receive vaccinations against the sexually transmitted HPV virus , Bachmann suggested the governor acted for purely political reasons . "  I just wanted to add that we can not forget that in the midst of this executive order there is a big drug company that made millions of dollars because of this mandate . We ca n't deny that , " Bachmann said . She went on to point out that at the time of the executive order , Perry 's former chief of staff was a top lobbyist for Merck , the manufacturer for the HPV vaccine . "  The drug company gave thousand of dollars in political donations to the governor , " Bachmann said . "  And this is just flat-out wrong . " Fact check : Did Bachmann 's drug lobbyist claims ring true ? The moment came as CNN moderator Wolf Blitzer was about to turn to former Sen. Rick Santorum for his take on the controversy . But Perry was given a chance to respond . "  The company was Merck , and it was a $ 5,000 contribution that I had received from them . I raise about $ 30 million . And if you 're saying that I can be bought for $ 5,000 , I 'm offended , " Perry replied . Bachmann , who was reluctant to do battle in last week 's debate in California , could have landed a knockout punch . She could have asked : "  So governor , what is your price ? " But she allowed the debate to move on . Still , the congresswoman from Minnesota revived a long-running but largely overlooked complaint about Perry . Adversaries of the Texas governor have said for years he is a "  crony capitalist . " Jim Hightower , the man Perry beat in his first statewide race for Texas agriculture commissioner , often says there are three ways to look at the state 's longest-serving governor -- "  cronyism , phonyism and goofyism . " Perry 's allies can brush off Hightower . But not former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin . In her strongest indication yet she may enter the race for the GOP nomination , Palin strongly condemned Perry 's actions in an interview on Fox News after the debate . "  This is crony capitalism . That 's part of the problem we have in this country . People are afraid , even within our own party , to call one another out on that , " Palin said . Perry was in damage control for most of the night . The first question of the debate came from a tea party activist who wanted to know how the candidates would change Social Security and sell the reforms to Florida 's crucial senior citizen voters . But the opening round was really about the Texas governor , who has called Social Security a "  Ponzi scheme . " Read more about whether Perry is conflicted on Social Security "  It has been called a Ponzi scheme by many people long before me . But no one 's had the courage to stand up and say , ` Here is how we 're going to reform it , ' " Perry said . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney tried to pin down his arch rival on what exactly that overhaul would look like . "  Do you still believe that Social Security should be ended as a federal program ? " Romney asked . "  I think we ought to have a conversation , " Perry replied . "  We 're having that right now , governor . We 're running for president , " Romney shot back . "  And I 'll finish this conversation , " Perry answered . Fact check : Is Social Security a "  Ponzi scheme ? ' For most of the night , the debate was about Perry . That 's usually a sign a candidate is winning . Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman and Santorum tried on several occasions to draw the Texas governor into their own rhetorical duels , to no avail . That 's usually a sign a candidate is losing . "  Let me say for Rick to say that you ca n't secure the border I think is pretty much a treasonous comment , " Huntsman said . It was an attempt to hit Perry on border security by resurrecting the Texas governor 's controversial comment that Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke would be guilty of treason if he took actions to stabilize the economy during an election cycle . Perhaps it was too much for the audience to absorb . Perry took his knocks . But his status as a front-runner was still intact , at least for the moment . On Thursday , Perry is scheduled to visit Virginia . That 's not a terribly important primary state for Republicans . But it is a crucial battleground in the general election , a sign of Perry 's Texas-size confidence . The trick for the rest of the GOP field is to convince Republican voters the race is not over yet .	Most of debate centers on Texas Gov. Rick Perry -- usually a sign a candidate is winning Rep. Michele Bachmann goes after Perry on his HPV vaccine order for schoolgirls Ex-Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney again attacks Perry on Social Security Perry 's status as GOP front-runner remains intact , at least for the moment
CNN  -- Former champion Maria Sharapova was the biggest name to fall as she lost an epic three-set match with fellow-Russian Maria Kirilenko on a wet and windy opening day at the Australian Open . Sharapova committed 66 unforced errors to lose 7-6 3-6 6-4 in a match that lasted a marathon three hours and 21 minutes . It was a disappointing early exit for 14th seed Sharapova and continued a poor recent run in majors after she lost in the second round at Wimbledon and third round at the U.S. Open last year . The 2008 winner told reporters . "  I could be disappointed or I could take it as it is and just go back on the court and keep working . "  I choose option two . It 's just a bad day . A bad day 's not going to stop me from doing what I love . "  I 'm still going to go back on the court and work hard and perform . I 'll be back here on a Saturday of the second week , so you watch . " The anticipated second-round clash between returning Belgian Justin Henin and fifth seed Elena Dementieva will occur after they both negotiated the first round . Henin made her return to a grand slam after a 20-month retirement by beating compatriot Kirsten Flipkens 6-4 6-3 , before Dementieva conceded just three games to see off Vera Dushevina 6-2 6-1 . Both players are in form with wild card entrant Henin reaching the final at Brisbane a fortnight ago in her first tournament back , while Dementieva won the Sydney International last week after beating world number one Serena Williams in the final . Henin 's fellow-returning Belgian Kim Clijsters hardly needed to raise a sweat as she beat Canadian qualifier Valerie Tetreault 6-0 6-4 . The U.S. Open champion raced through the opening set in just 23 minutes , and while she took her foot off the accelerator in the second , the match was always within the 15th seed 's keeping . Last year 's runner-up and second seed Dinara Safina was made to battle for her first win beating Magdalena Rybarikova 6-4 6-4 in 89 minutes , while fellow-Russian and third seed Svetlana Kuznetsova was a straight-sets winner over Anastasia Rodionova 6-1 6-2 .	Former champion Maria Sharapova is the biggest name to fall in the first round of the Australian Open The Russian is beaten 7-6 3-6 6-4 by compatriot Maria Kirilenko in a match lasting over three hours Justine Henin and Elena Dementieva both through to set up a mouth - watering second round showdown
CNN  -- Iran flaunted a new generation of centrifuges and mastery of the nuclear fuel cycle Wednesday as President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , clad in a white lab coat , was on hand to load domestically made fuel rods into the core of a Tehran reactor . Also announced was an intent to start production of yellowcake , a chemically treated form of uranium ore used for making enriched uranium . United Nations sanctions ban Iran from importing yellowcake . Domestic production would further Iran 's nuclear self-sufficiency . In a speech outlining the latest developments , Ahmadinejad said Iran was willing to share its nuclear knowledge with other nations that subscribe to the watchdog International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  . The U.S. State Department , however , dismissed Iran 's announcements as bluster for a domestic audience . "  We frankly do n't see a lot new here . This is not big news , " said spokeswoman Victoria Nuland . "  In fact , it seems to have been hyped . The Iranians for many months have been putting out calendars of accomplishments and based on their own calendars they are many , many months behind . State-run Press TV broadcast live images of the Tehran event , hailed by the Iranians as a major scientific advancement for the Islamic republic . The first Iranian nuclear fuel rods , produced by Iranian scientists at the Natanz facility in central Iran , are to be used at the Tehran Nuclear Research Center , which Iran says is used primarily for medical purposes . The Tehran facility creates radio isotopes used for cancer treatment , Press TV reported , adding that 850,000 cancer patients were in dire need . Ahmadinejad had announced in a speech marking the 33rd anniversary of the Iranian revolution last week that Iran would be unveiling something big . Wednesday , he lashed out once again at Western powers who , he said , attempt to monopolize nuclear technology and prevent other nations from acquiring a key energy source . Ahmadinejad , surrounded by photos of assassinated Iranian nuclear scientists , said Iran has shown up the West . Tehran 's latest activities have spiked tensions with Western powers , which believe Iran 's atomic ambitions are focused on building a bomb . "  I am not so worried about the fuel issue but I am worried about the advanced centrifuges , " said Arnie Gundersen , chief energy adviser with the nuclear consulting group Fairewindes Associates . "  If they are better ,  Iran  can make enriched uranium faster , " he said . Nuclear power plants use uranium that is enriched to 5 % , Gundersen said . Making a nuclear bomb requires uranium to be enriched 20 % or more , he said . That means the centrifuge must spin at 50,000 revolutions per minute for a longer amount of time . A more sophisticated centrifuge would make the process easier , Gundersen said . "  To be able to make any centrifuge , let alone a high-speed centrifuge , is technologically a very substantial step , " he said . A November IAEA report found "  credible " information that Tehran has carried out work toward nuclear weapons -- including tests of possible bomb components . Subsequent punitive measures against Iran have disrupted its economy . In response to the latest European Union sanctions on the energy and banking sectors , Iran is cutting oil exports to six European countries : the Netherlands , Spain , Italy , France , Greece and Portugal , Press TV reported Wednesday . Despite Iran 's drift away from the international community , Tehran 's leaders have refused to bow down , insisting its nuclear program is intended for civilian energy purposes . In January 2008 , the semi-official Fars news agency reported that Iran was able to produce everything it needs for the nuclear fuel cycle , making its nuclear program self-sufficient . But it was not clear that Tehran actually had the technology to turn enriched uranium into fuel rods . Then , last month , Iran said it had succeeded in building and testing a nuclear fuel rod , or a stack of low-enriched uranium pellets bundled together at the core of a nuclear reactor . The IAEA 's governing council has adopted a resolution expressing "  deep and increasing concern about the unresolved issues regarding the Iranian nuclear program . " Iran called the November IAEA report a fabrication aimed at bolstering U.S. accusations that Iran is working toward making a bomb . "  We will never ever suspend our enrichment , " Ali Asghar Soltanieh , Iran 's permanent envoy to the IAEA , said in November .	NEW : The State Department dismisses Iran 's announcements as bluster Iran says it has developed advanced centrifuges and will start yellowcake production Ahmadinejad says Iran is willing to share its knowledge with other nations The developments are hailed as major achievements
CNN  -- This bizarre-looking concoction of glass , liquid and tubes could one day bring a whole new meaning to the idea of natural lighting . The new "  bio-light " concept designed by Dutch electronics company Philips creates light in the same way that bioluminescent living organisms like fireflies and glow worms do . The phenomenon of bioluminescence is created by a chemical reaction where an enzyme called luciferase interacts with a light-emitting molecule called luciferin . In the bio-light a collection of hand-blown jars -- held in place by a steel frame -- contain a measure of bioluminescent bacteria which glow green when fed methane gas -- in this case through individual silicon tubes routed through a household waste digester . Harnessing these biological techniques could help redefine how we consume energy in the home , says Philips . "  Designers have an obligation to explore solutions which are by nature less energy-consuming and non-polluting , " says Clive van Heerden , senior director of design-led innovation at Philips Design . "  We need to push ourselves to rethink domestic appliances entirely , how homes consume energy and how entire communities can pool their resources , " van Heerden said in a statement . Jim Haseloff , a plant biologist from the UK 's University of Cambridge says the bio-light is a very provocative idea . "  It 's appealing because it brings two things together which you would n't normally associate , " Haseloff said . "  I do n't think you want to imagine that everyone 's going to start putting bacterial cultures into their own home for lighting but as a way of exploring the idea it 's quite interesting , " he added . It part of a wider swing to sustainable technologies , Haseloff says , but he does n't see bioluminescent lights competing with LED and other low-energy lights in the future . "  When you move out of the normal  lighting  area -- illuminated walkways and things like that -- where things could essentially be growing and delivering light for free , that 's where you 're going to have applications . " Philips envisages similar applications , perhaps using glowing plants to illuminate road verges or as warning strips on flights of stairs . It also says these same bioluminescence techniques could be used as a diagnostic indicator of pollution levels or even as a biosensor for monitoring diseases like diabetes . Philips says the bio-light would be more suited to providing mood lighting than "  functional illumination . " It forms part of a wider Philips Design 's Microbial Home project which imagines an "  integrated cyclical ecosystem " in the home where traditional waste is recycled to address sustainability issues .	Bio-light concept looks at new biological ways of creating light Bioluminescent bacteria exposed to methane gas glow green Dutch electronics company Philips exploring idea of domestic cyclical ecosystem
CNN  -- Ooh , burn ! You know that tribute to Woody Allen 's lifetime achievement at the Golden Globes on Sunday night ? Well , it left out one tiny detail , says his son . "  Missed the Woody Allen tribute , " Ronan Farrow tweeted , "  did they put the part where a woman publicly confirmed he molested her at age 7 before or after Annie Hall ? " That 's a reference to Allen 's adopted daughter , Dylan , who accused the director of molesting her 20 years ago . So , why would Allen 's own son allude to the allegation ? It 's part of the messy , convoluted story that is Woody Allen 's personal life . Accusations Farrow is the child Allen fathered with actress Mia Farrow .  Or is he ? More on that later Mia Farrow also adopted several other children -- Dylan among them . After a 12-year relationship , the couple split after Mia Farrow learned that Allen was having an affair with Soon-Yi , a daughter Mia Farrow adopted before she began dating Allen .  Soon-Yi is now Allen 's wife  . The same year , Dylan said Allen inappropriately touched her .  A court case was later dropped  . "  I 'm scared of him , his image , " Dylan -- who goes by another name now -- told Vanity Fair in October . "  I have never been asked to testify . If I could talk to the seven-year-old Dylan , I would tell her to be brave , to testify . " Woody Allen 's lawyer Elkan Abramowitz told the magazine that Allen still denies the allegations . Award show Which brings us back to Sunday night where Allen , 78 , was honored with the Cecil B. DeMille Award . Right before the segment aired , Mia Farrow tweeted she 'd be switching the channel : "  Time to grab some icecream & switch over to #GIRLS " But Ronan Farrow went for the jugular with his tweet . And his mom retweeted it -- as did many , many others . 5 things we learned from the 2014 Golden Globes Reaction The reaction was swift and mixed . Many took Farrow 's side , including correspondent Luke Russert  son of legendary journalist Tim  who tweeted a link to the Vanity Fair article . Others said Allen 's personal life should n't take away from his filmmaking achievements . "  Sorry to hear @RonanFarrow 's rage , and @thelist which fuels it , but Woody is one of the greatest film directors and deserved the tribute , " tweeted Antonio Vantaggiato . Paternity Now , on to that bit about Ronan Farrow maybe , possibly not being Allen 's son . In the Vanity Fair interview , his mom calls Frank Sinatra the great love of her life and said the two "  never really split up . " Asked if her son was Sinatra 's , Mia Farrow answered , "  Possibly . " Ronan 's response ? "  Listen , we 're all * possibly * Frank Sinatra 's son . " When a parent really is n't yours Ronan talks Allen , Sinatra	Ronan Farrow is Woody Allen 's son ... or is he ? An adopted daughter accused Allen of molesting her Allen is married to another adopted daughter
CNN  -- Nigerians staging a daily protest in the capital said Saturday they are fed up with their government 's indifference to the abduction of nearly 300 schoolgirls , even as the Nigerian president once again promised to bring them home . For 11 days , the protesters in Abuja have demanded Nigeria do more to rescue the girls , who were kidnapped more than three weeks ago by the Islamist terrorist group Boko Haram . They vow to sit every day until the girls are rescued . "  We need to keep this up every day , " protest organizer Rotimi Olawale told CNN . "  We are saying that we want our girls alive . " Saturday , President Goodluck Jonathan said he was worried about the girls and he thanked other countries , including the United States , that have pledged support in finding them . "  We promise the world that we must get these girls out , " Jonathan said . U.S. support for Nigeria U.S. first lady Michelle Obama on Saturday condemned the "  unconscionable " kidnapping of the girls , saying in the White House weekly radio address it was the work of "  a terrorist group determined to keep these girls from getting an education . " Earlier this week , Obama tweeted a photo of herself with a sign that said #BringBackOurGirls . U.S. and British officials are in Abuja to help Nigeria 's government look for the girls , plan rescue missions and advise on ways to subdue Boko Haram . President Barack Obama has directed his administration to do everything possible to help the Nigerian government , the first lady said . ` Nothing has been done ' Scrutiny of the Nigerian government 's response to the kidnappings has escalated . A report Friday from Amnesty International says authorities knew at least four hours before the attack that Boko Haram was on its way to raid the girls ' boarding school in the northeastern town of Chibok . The report 's findings echo accounts of a number of the girls ' parents and villagers , who have described to CNN an ineffective military response in the days and weeks after the girls were taken . "  Nothing on the ground . Nothing , " a Nigerian father told CNN . "  For  21 days , nothing has been done . " A young mother from Chibok said all that families have left is hope . "  If 23 years ago somebody had abducted me , taken me away and killed my dreams , where would I be today ? I might be dead , " Aisha Yesufu said . "  And for those kids , for nobody to care ? " Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , took credit for the mass kidnappings in a video that surfaced this week . He said he planned to sell the girls into slavery . In a published interview Friday with Al-Hayat , a semiofficial Saudi newspaper , Saudi Grand Mufti Abdulaziz Bin Abdullah Al-Sheikh , a key religious leader in the Muslim world , condemned Boko Haram as a terrorist organization . He described it as an organization "  set up to smear the image of Islam " and said the group is "  not right and misguided , because Islam is against kidnapping , murder and aggression . " Not enough troops to respond ? The Amnesty International report alleges that after Nigerian commanders were informed of the pending attack , they were unable to raise enough troops to respond . A military contingent of between 15 and 17 soldiers and a handful of police officers in Chibok were unable to fend off as many as 200 Boko Haram fighters who stole the girls from their beds , the report says . The Nigerian government claims it responded with troops , helicopters and airplanes in the immediate aftermath of the mass abduction . "  It is a very painful period for all of us , " Nigerian Defense Minister Musiliu Olatunde Obanikoro said . "  We 've had sleepless nights trying to bring this to an end . Right now our primary concern is how that can be achieved and not disclose the details of where they are and whether they are in units or they are in one central location . " Nigerian officials have frequently been criticized for failing to prevent Boko Haram 's deadly attacks , particularly in the terror group 's stronghold of northeastern Nigeria . At least 2,000 people have died in violence in northern Nigeria this year alone , Amnesty said . The most recent Boko Haram attack killed at least 310 people in a town that had been used as a staging ground for troops searching for the missing girls . CNN EXCLUSIVE : Nigerian girl who escaped Boko Haram says she still feels afraid CNN 's Vladimir Duthiers , Isha Sesay , Slma Shelbayah and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Nigerians stage a daily protest urging a better government response Nigerian President vows "  to get these girls out " First lady Michelle Obama made her first solo White House weekly address Key Muslim leader criticizes Boko Haram
CNN  -- A volcano near southwest Colombia 's border with Ecuador erupted on Saturday , leading the government to issue a "  red alert " for the region . The Galeras volcano is shown on January 17 , 2008 , from Pasto , Colombia . There were not believed to be any fatalities or injuries in the blast , which happened at about 7:10 p.m. ET  12:10 a.m. Sunday GMT  , said Carlos Lineras of the Colombia Institute for Geology and Mines . The institute issued an evacuation order for about 7,000 people living near the Galeras volcano . The volcano is not in a heavily populated region . Galeras has erupted several times since it became active again in 1989 . The only fatalities were in 1993 , when nine people -- all scientists or tourists in or near the volcano 's crater -- were killed .	No deaths , injuries feared from eruption , authority says 7,000 people ordered to evacuate from nearby Galeras volcano Volcano is in southwest Colombia , near border with Ecuador
CNN  -- Lance Armstrong has defiantly posted an Internet picture of himself with the seven Tour de France winner 's jerseys he received for performances that have been expunged from the history books . The American 's victories from 1999 through 2005 have been annulled by cycling 's ruling body following a damning report by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency , which made allegations of systematic drug use that he refused to contest . The 41-year-old was banned for life , has been ordered to return his prize money and also faces a $ 12 million lawsuit from a former sponsor . Lance Armstrong quits Livestrong entirely However , Armstrong -- who has never admitted any wrongdoing -- made his stance clear this weekend on social networking website Twitter , where he has 3.8 million followers . With a status reading "  Back in Austin and just layin ' around ... " Armstrong posted a picture of himself lying in his lounge with the seven yellow jerseys framed on the wall . His Twitter profile used to say "  7-time Tour de France champion " but now it reads "  Raising my 5 kids . Fighting Cancer . Swim , bike , run and golf whenever I can . " The fallout from the scandal has resulted in Armstrong severing all ties with his Livestrong cancer charity . The Texan stepped down as the organization 's chairman last month . CNN iReport : To wear or not to wear ? Your views on the Livestrong bracelet "  Lance Armstrong has chosen to voluntarily resign from the board of directors of the Livestrong foundation to spare the organization any negative effects as a result of controversy surrounding his cycling career , " read a statement from the foundation 's chairman , Jeff Garvey . "  We are proud of Lance 's indelible contributions to the global effort to eradicate cancer and his on-going personal commitment to improving the lives of its survivors . The foundation will continue to grow its free services for cancer survivors , advocate on their behalf and fulfill the mission Lance created 15 years ago . " British Armstrong effigy causes outrage The picture of Armstrong and the seven yellow jerseys has been retweeted almost 4,000 times , drawing a mixture of support and outrage from the online community . "  Wow , you really do display all the symptoms of someone sociopathic . I think you 'd benefit from psychoanalysis , " wrote one Twitter user . "  Smug and deluded , " said another . "  Was that him laying around ? or lying around ? " Sponsor sad at loss of Lance Armstrong 's ` great story ' However , Armstrong is still a hero to some after overcoming testicular cancer to win cycling 's toughest race seven times in a row , in an era when many of the sport 's biggest names were linked with doping . "  You earned all of them !!! " wrote one Twitter user . "  Level playing field ... this is awesome !!! " said another . Armstrong has never officially failed a drug test , but the USADA report detailed the ways in which he avoided being caught and claimed that positive tests had been covered up . He has raised hundreds of millions of dollars for charity through the Livestrong foundation .	Lance Armstrong posts picture of his seven yellow jerseys from Tour de France victories He has been stripped of the 1999-2005 titles after refusing to answer drug charges American was accused of systematic doping but has never admitted any wrongdoing The Twitter picture has provoked a mixture of criticism and support for the 41-year-old
CNN  -- While many changes to Americans ' health care outlined in the the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act do n't take effect until 2014 , a Supreme Court ruling expected this month could stop those changes from coming at all . The act , often referred to as "  Obamacare , " is a step toward guaranteeing insurance coverage for all Americans and received enough support to pass in Congress in 2010 . However , the Supreme Court agreed to hear arguments on several of its core issues in March . The court may rule on the issues by the end of this month . Basics : Health care reform issues No matter the ruling , most Americans will be affected . Here are some of the issues being discussed right now : Business owners One hundred and sixty million Americans receive health care from their employers , many of whom set their own rates for their employees . If the court rules against the act , employees might face higher premiums , fewer network providers , higher-deductible plans and more stringent regulations on adding adult dependents . What is Corporate America 's Plan B to safeguard employees and industry if the act is struck down ? Here are some insights : Employers ' ` plan B ' if health reform is axed Employers bear brunt of health insurance hikes Small business owners If you run your own company , the act has a lot of good in store for you -- that is , if you know how to access it . Many small business owners across the country who do offer health coverage have n't taken advantage of , or did n't even know about , a tax credit that helps offset giving employees insurance . Why would n't small business owners take advantage of this ? CNNMoney answers that question and talks about what might happen if only parts of the act are kept : The health care tax credit few are taking What 's at stake for small businesses National spending Being insured helps safeguard against pricey medical bills . However , a report released Tuesday from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services suggests that the act wo n't limit national health spending . In fact , it predicts that spending will skyrocket after a brief recession-induced dip . Growth in health spending does n't necessarily correlate with growth in health care costs , but what does it mean ? Here 's a projection : Health spending growth to stay low , then jump America 's youth For today 's young adults , health care comes last . If you ca n't afford to feed and clothe yourself , why budget for something that has n't happened yet ? However , youth get sick too , and their future bank accounts might take a toll if the act is repealed -- or if they do n't insure themselves , period . Additionally , the ones who do insure themselves tend to forgo expenditures elsewhere  like graduate school  to make ends meet . Young adults skip health care as medical debts rise For 20-somethings , health care hangs in the balance Senior citizens Health reform has been the belle of the senior citizen community , saving Medicare beneficiaries a collective $ 3.7 billion dollars on their medication costs since its inception in 2010 . One of the reform 's aims is to close the "  donut hole , " or portion of senior citizens that ca n't pay for medication out of pocket , by 2020 . Read how Medicare has been affected by health care reform : Medicare : Seniors saved $ 3.7 billion on medicine Doctors at risk Increases in insurance coverage and changes in Medicare help patients avoid footing hefty medical bills , but sometimes their doctors pay the price . Read why some doctors , especially those in private practice , are running out of money : Doctors going broke Doctors : We could go out of business Silver linings Just because a negative ruling would give health insurers and states the ability to opt out of reform-era options does n't mean they 're going to . UnitedHealthcare , the nation 's largest health insurer , said that while it will take cues from competitors , it will maintain some of the act 's key mandates regardless of the court 's decision . Moreover , there is strong bipartisan support for state-created health care exchange programs , many of which have been set into motion , where those seeking insurance can look for subsidized coverage . UnitedHealthcare to keep some health care mandates Exchanges could survive even if health reform law dies The fine print Very few people take the time to read bills in their entirety , but should we ? CNN investigates lesser-known changes to the health care system tucked into "  Obamacare . " Check out these tidbits : 10 lesser-known effects of health care reform law	The Supreme Court will rule on the Affordable Care Act this month No matter the ruling , most Americans will be affected For more on the Affordable Care Act , check back with CNN.com / health
CNN  -- Lifetime will premiere an hour-long documentary that pays tribute to Cher 's mom Georgia Holt on May 6 . "  Dear Mom , Love Cher " will focus on the singer 's family history and features interviews with Holt , her daughters Cher and Georganne LaPiere Bartylak , and grandchildren Chaz Bono and Elijah Blue Allman . The documentary will begin with Holt 's childhood in rural Arkansas and chronicle her six "  tumultuous " marriages while she helped Cher to pursue a career . ` General Hospital ' anniversary portrait The documentary also features a never-before-heard duet performance with Holt and Cher , along with the long-lost recordings Holt taped more than three decades ago that Cher has re-mastered for commercial release later this year . ` Great Gatsby ' : 6 new character posters "  This project started as a gift for my mom 's 86th birthday . Like most things in my family , it was initiated by my sister Georganne , who asked me if I could update mom 's album , " said Cher in a statement . So I went big ... I 'm known in the family for doing that . My sister and I are proud of our mom and we want to share her with the world . My mom is exactly like Rocky . She never gives up ! " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Lifetime will premiere a documentary that pays tribute to Cher 's mom on May 6 "  Dear Mom , Love Cher " will focus on the singer 's family history The documentary features a never-before-heard duet performance with Holt and Cher
More than half of the ballot boxes from last weekend 's Mexican presidential election -- 54.5 % -- will be individually recounted , the executive secretary of Mexico 's Federal Election Institute said Wednesday . That represents 78,012 ballot boxes , Edmundo Jacobo Molina told reporters . The political parties will supervise , review and watch over the recount , which will be carried out by the election institute , he said . The announcement came as the official ballot count in Mexico 's presidential elections began Wednesday and as the presumptive president-elect sought to consolidate his reported victory even as a challenger refused to concede . Enrique Pea Nieto received the most votes , according to preliminary results released the night of Sunday 's balloting , and according to a quick count released by the election institute , known by its Spanish acronym IFE . The quick count gave Pea Nieto a margin of victory of between 6.07 and 7.65 percentage points . But Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador , the candidate for a progressive coalition , has said he has evidence of irregularities at most of the 143,000 polling stations and wants a full recount . Lopez Obrador demands recount in Mexican election vote Lopez Obrador made a similar demand after losing in 2006 to Felipe Calderon . The process that started Wednesday is intended to check all election returns recorded in each district and can carry out recounts in certain cases . IFE predicted a final count on Sunday . Officials have called this election the most transparent in Mexico 's history . It was the first election in which scanned copies of district-by-district election returns were posted on the Internet . But accusations have arisen of electoral manipulation by Pea Nieto 's party -- the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI . The party , which was in power for 71 years before being voted out in 2000 , was known for being corrupt and authoritarian . Its apparent victory last weekend would mark a triumphant return after 12 years of rule by the right-wing National Action Party , known by the acronym PAN . But supporters of Lopez Obrador accused the PRI of having returned to its old ways of corruption . Political tensions flare after Mexican presidential vote Daniel Avila , a representative for the anti-Pea Nieto student movement #YoSoy132  I am 132  , told CNN en Espaol that his group had already received 1,100 allegations of vote-buying , stuffed ballot boxes and intimidation . The group has photos , video and audio proof of these violations , the group said . "  What we 're going to try to do is find all these people to get testimonies , and then take that evidence to the IFE , " Avila said . Lopez Obrador supporters pointed to long lines that were reported at the Soriana chain of supermarkets . Voters flocked to the stores to use gift cards handed out by the PRI in exchange for votes , some allege . Calls to PRI offices were not returned . Mexican election regulators said they were investigating the allegations related to the gift cards . The electoral authorities should question the owners of the chain , said Irma Erendira Sandoval , a political analyst at the National Autonomous University of Mexico . Wednesday 's count will help determine whether there was fraud , she said . "  This is a fundamental stage where the transparency and cleanliness of the entire election is at stake , " she told CNN en Espaol . According to the group Alianza Civica  Civic Alliance  , which seeks to ensure elections are free and fair , a poll of Mexican voters found that nearly 30 % reported being exposed to at least one example of vote-buying or coercion . Taking advantage of the fact that election returns are available online , critics began circulating copies of what they described as suspicious returns . One such document shared by PRI opponents is an electoral return from a district in Michoacan . It appears to show that 362 of 732 registered voters cast ballots , but that the PRI won 945 votes . For his part , Pea Nieto , in an interview with "  NewsHour " on PBS , praised Mexico 's democratic system and said he was putting his trust in the electoral authorities . "  We have electoral tribunals that will be responsible for addressing these issues and attending to these complaints , the ones filed by candidate Lopez Obrador , " he said . Ballots will be recounted in cases where the difference between the top two finishers is 1 percentage point or less ; where the number of annulled votes is greater than the difference between the top two ; where all the votes go to one party ; and where there are obvious irregularities such as the votes not adding up . Lopez Obrador must wait until Sunday to formally submit any application for a recount to the Federal Election Tribunal . Avila , the youth activist , acknowledged that Pea Nieto will likely be confirmed as president , but contended that that was because of PRI 's alleged maneuverings . "  The amount of evidence we present does not matter . It is a fact that Enrique Pea Nieto will remain , " he said . "  We have had a position since before the election that this was being imposed by fraud , and it 's what we 've been seeing . " Opinion : Is Pea Nieto good news for Mexico ?	The political parties will supervise , review and watch over the recount , IFE chief says The official ballot count began Wednesday Preliminary results give victory to PRI 's Pea Nieto
CNN  A top al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader -- who a few years ago was in a U.S. detention facility -- was among five killed in an airstrike in Yemen , the terror group said , showing the organization is vulnerable even as Yemen appears close to civil war . Ibrahim al-Rubaish died Monday night in what AQAP 's media wing , Al-Malahem Media , called a "  crusader airstrike . " The Al-Malahem Media obituary characterized al-Rubaish as a religious scholar and combat commander . A Yemeni Defense Ministry official and two Yemeni national security officials not authorized to speak on record confirmed that al-Rubaish had been killed , but could not specify how he died . Al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at its detention facility in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . In fact , he was among a number of detainees who sued the administration of then-President George W. Bush to challenge the legality of their confinement in Gitmo . He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia 's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists , a program that U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , characterized as "  a failure . " In December 2009 , Sessions listed al-Rubaish among those on the virtual " ` Who 's Who ' of al Qaeda terrorists on the Arabian peninsula ... who have either graduated or escaped from the program en route to terrorist acts . " The United States has been active in Yemen , working closely with governments there to go after AQAP leaders like al-Rubaish . While it was not immediately clear how he died , drone strikes have killed many other members of the terrorist group . Yemen , however , has been in disarray since Houthi rebels began asserting themselves last year . The Shiite minority group even managed to take over the capital of Sanaa and , in January , force out Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi -- who had been a close U.S. ally in its anti-terror fight . Hadi still claims he is Yemen 's legitimate leader , and he is working with a Saudi-led military coalition to target Houthis and supporters of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh . Meanwhile , Yemen has been awash in violence and chaos -- which in some ways has been good for groups such as AQAP . A prison break earlier this month freed 270 prisoners , including some senior AQAP figures , according to a senior Defense Ministry official , and the United States pulled the last of its special operations forces out of Yemen last month , which some say makes things easier for AQAP . CNN 's Anas Hamdan and Merieme Arif contributed to this report .	AQAP says a "  crusader airstrike " killed Ibrahim al-Rubaish Al-Rubaish was once detained by the United States in Guantanamo
Lusaka , Zambia  CNN  -- "  What are we going to call the country ? What is the flag going to look like ? What is the currency going to be called ? " These are not questions most six-year-olds are concerned with -- unless you are Mulenga Kapwepwe . "  I grew up in an environment where the struggle for the country , the liberation of this country , was very much a part of the conversation in the home , " says Kapwepwe , a renowned Zambian playwright and daughter of the country 's former vice president , Simon Kapwepwe . "  For me , Zambia is not an abstract concept , " she says . "  It 's something that I heard being birthed in the house that I lived in -- even the name of the country , the answer came from our house . Literally . My father coined the name and it was agreed that this country would be called Zambia . " Act One : Curtains up From a young age , Kapwepwe was surrounded by the changemakers who helped liberate the African nation from British colonial rule . An artistic child , it was not uncommon to find a young Kapwepwe at the theater or opera with her father enjoying the performance right beside her . His encouragement for Kapwepwe to follow her passion into the arts has led to a fruitful and illustrious career as one of the nation 's most beloved and respected playwrights . Undaunted by her lack of formal theater education , Kapwepwe began writing her own plays early on in her career . "  I 'd begun to write the history of my tribe , " she recalls . "  And as I got into it and I dug into it , I thought this would make a really good play , but I did n't know how to write a play , " explains Kapwepwe . "  I told myself , ` Well , I do n't think Shakespeare went to a playwright school so I 'm sure I do n't have to . " And she was right . Over the years , Kapwepwe , who is also the chairperson of the National Arts Council , has received countless accolades for her theater work . Her plays all focused on issues that dug deep into the history and culture of Zambia , looking at the role female leaders played in traditional life prior to colonization , and questioning why this is no longer the case . Act Two : Build it and they will come Away from the stage , Mulenga has involved herself with many projects to try help Zambian youths . She has built libraries in Lusaka , Zambia 's capital , to give young children the opportunity to read and further educate themselves . "  One thing about books and my father , is that we had a lot of books when we were growing up . So I got into building libraries because I feel other people must have the same experience that I had . And especially for me the people who might not have the opportunity . Kapwepwe would eventually build not one , not two , but three temples of literature in Lusaka . "  What would a library in Africa look like ? You know , a library is about knowledge , and a place where you can get knowledge , but also , we kind of mix it up with the traditional African hut , where you discuss things and you are mentored . You get knowledge and you interact , there 's drama . There 's also sorts of things going on . " Act Three : A lasting legacy That ingenuity to inspire Zambian youth led the vivacious playwright to her next endeavor -- a record label . After stumbling across traditional native music at the National Archive , Kapwepwe wanted new ears to hear its majesty . "  I thought let me get the music and give it to young people so that they can work with it and then they can put it back into the public ear , " says Kapwepwe says , record label has so far produced three albums . The cultural ringmaster 's ambition would n't stop there . Kapwepwe went on to found the Lusaka Youth Orchestra to provide teens with a space to embrace music , as well as create a youth sports team -- the Chilenge Girls football team -- to keep young girls "  off the streets . " A true tour de force for Zambian arts and culture , Kapwepwe has no plans to slow down anytime soon . In fact , her next goal is direct a film . Ultimately she 's unafraid of failure because to this patron of the arts , if you do n't try , then you wo n't succeed . She says : "  Do n't abandon your ideas . You can scale them down . You can reshape them . You can do whatever it is , but keep at it . Perseverance . And you learn , keep learning , and ducking and diving until you get what you want . That 's been my lesson . Success is wonderful , but so is failure . " WATCH : Writer captures life in Malawi	Mulenga Kapwepwe is the daughter of former Zambian vice president , Simon Kapwepwe Born in 1958 , she was just six years old when the country gained its independence Surrounded by changemakers , Kapwepwe takes inspiration from Zambia 's history "  If you do n't know where you 're coming from then you wo n't be able to articulate your present "
CNN  -- Virgin America topped the latest airline satisfaction rankings from Consumer Reports , the first time the 6-year-old airline has appeared on the list . The airline was lauded for its seating , in-flight entertainment and baggage handling , even though it charges $ 25 for the first and second checked bags . "  While other airlines on the list like Southwest and JetBlue have done a very good job of satisfying fliers , Virgin America is a cut above in the eyes of our readers , " said Amanda Walker , a Consumer Reports senior editor , in a statement . Although Virgin America has been around since 2007 , this is the first time the magazine survey received enough reader responses to include the carrier in the ratings . Virgin America scored an 89 on Consumer Reports ' 100-point scale . Spirit Airlines ranked at the bottom of the list for its check-in , cabin service and seating . It also received 50 out of 100 , one of the lowest scores for any company the consumer organization has ever rated , Consumer Reports reported . Airlines collect $ 6 billion in baggage fees After top-scorer Virgin America , Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways , which both scored an 85 , rated highly for their check-in ease , cabin-crew service and baggage handling . Southwest allows two free checked bags , and JetBlue allows one . JetBlue outshone Southwest in the categories of in-flight entertainment and seating comfort . JetBlue and Southwest came in first and second place , respectively , in a recent J.D. Power & Associates survey of airline passenger satisfaction . Virgin America was not mentioned in that ranking . Consumer Reports bases its airline ratings on a survey of 16,663 subscribers conducted by the Consumer Reports National Research Center . Survey respondents were asked to rate their airlines ' check-in process , cabin service , cabin cleanliness , seating , in-flight entertainment and baggage handling . And the most satisfying airline is ... The full report is available to subscribers online at ConsumerReports.org and in the July issue of Consumer Reports magazine . An online preview is available to non-subscribers .	Consumer Reports readers give high marks to Virgin America Southwest Airlines and JetBlue Airways also did well in the magazine 's airline rankings Fee-driven Spirit Airlines did n't rate well with readers
CNN  -- The head of the Irish Catholic Church , Cardinal Sean Brady , admitted Wednesday that the church 's response to abuse had been "  hopelessly inadequate . " "  The church must continue to deal with the enormity of the hurt caused by abuse of children by some clergy ... and the hopelessly inadequate response to that abuse in the past , " Brady said Wednesday . Church leaders must "  own up to and take responsibility for any mismanagement or cover-up of child abuse , " he said . The cardinal also apologized for his role in the church 's investigation into an abusive priest in 1975 . "  I want to say to anyone who has been hurt by any failure on my part that I apologize to you with all my heart , " he said at St. Patrick 's Cathedral in Armagh , Ireland . "  I also apologize to all those who feel I have let them down . Looking back I am ashamed that I have not always upheld the values that I profess and believe in , " Brady said , according to a copy of the remarks released by Ireland 's Catholic Communications Office . Has the Catholic Church reached a tipping point ? The deeply Catholic country has been badly shaken by a government-backed report that found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other Catholic Church authorities in Ireland covered up child abuse by priests from 1975 to 2004 . Child sexual abuse was widespread then , the report found . Pope Benedict XVI said Wednesday he has finished writing his official statement , or pastoral letter , on the child abuse scandal facing the Catholic Church in Ireland . He will sign the letter Friday and send it "  soon after , " Benedict told the faithful in an address on St. Patrick 's Day . "  My hope is that it will help in the process of repentance , healing and renewal , " he said . Brady has been under fire over the investigation into the Rev. Brendan Smyth , one of the country 's most notorious child-abusing priests . Cardinal haunted by handling of abuse case Brady 's office said Tuesday the cardinal -- then a priest and teacher with a doctorate in canon law -- had been asked to investigate two complaints against Smyth in 1975 but had no decision-making power . He reported his findings to Bishop Francis McKiernan , his office said , and McKiernan recommended Smyth get psychiatric help . But John Kelly , founder of Irish Survivors of Child Abuse , said Brady should not have remained silent about what he learned in the course of investigating Smyth , who later was convicted of dozens of counts of child abuse in both Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic . Smyth died in prison . "  He 's basically using the Nuremberg defense -- he was carrying out orders , " Kelly said , in reference to the justification many Nazis used in their war crimes trials after World War II . There has been particular outrage over the revelation that two boys who filed complaints against Smyth were asked to sign confidentiality statements as part of Brady 's investigation . The oaths of secrecy were "  to avoid potential collusion " between the two boys as church officials investigated the case , the Catholic Communications Office said this week . Despite his criticism of Brady , Kelly said it would not necessarily do any good for the cardinal to resign . "  He 's lost all moral authority to lead , but by replacing him , it wo n't resolve the problem , " Kelly said , arguing the Vatican would "  just replace guys with other guys . " The best solution , he said , would be for the Roman Catholic Church to let secular authorities deal with accusations of abuse , rather than trying to handle them itself . "  They have to accept secular authority , and they can get on with the business of religion , " Kelly said . "  It would be in the church 's own interest . Resignations in themselves are n't the answer . " Four Irish bishops tendered their resignations in the wake of the government-backed report . The pope has been under fire since it was revealed a priest suspected of abusing children was allowed to move into his diocese when he was Archbishop Joseph Ratzinger in Germany in 1980 . The Archdiocese of Munich and Freising said in a statement Monday it must have been clear at the time that the priest -- whom multiple sources identified to CNN as Peter Hullermann -- was coming to get therapy for allegedly molesting children . He was convicted of abuse in 1986 after Ratzinger moved to Rome . Hullermann was suspended Monday . Hundreds of allegations of sexual or physical abuse of children by Catholic clergy have come to light in Germany , Austria and the Netherlands this year CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin , Germany , contributed to this report .	Cardinal Sean Brady apologizes for his role in 1975 abuse investigation Brady : Church leaders must take responsibility for abuse cover-ups Catholic church hit by hundreds of abuse allegations this year
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Brandon Boyd blends into his Venice , California , neighborhood like any other resident . Brandon Boyd , front man for Incubus , is going on the road with the band in July . He surfs . Shuns Starbucks in favor of the local smoothie shop . Walks his French bulldog , Bruce . Oh , he also paints and makes music with his multiplatinum rock band , Incubus . The quintet hits the road on a North American summer tour in July , and just released a greatest hits collection called "  Monuments and Melodies . " The packaging features artwork by Boyd , who held his first solo art exhibit at Mr. Musichead Rock Art Gallery in Los Angeles last fall . The showroom is on the Sunset Strip , a stone 's throw from the clubs that were host to Incubus ' first gigs . The most spectacular paintings are large , fantasy-inspired pieces drenched in burgundy or aqua . Usually , the artwork springs to life in a corner of the singer 's kitchen , where an easel permanently resides . It 's a zen-like space , with high ceilings , glossy concrete floors and warm , burnished wood . But instead of the requisite Buddha statue , there 's a rubber rabbit 's head for inspiration . The muse seems ironic and appropriate , especially since Boyd swears his home was a brothel back in the 1900s . CNN talked to Boyd about collaboration , the fulfillment of art and finding the perfect wave . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Is n't it ironic that you had your first solo art show before your first solo album ? Brandon Boyd : I 've actually thought very little about solo work up until just very recently . Most of it is because in my band , Incubus , it is very much a collaborative effort . I do what I do in the band , and everyone plays their respective parts , but in the end , we are sort of a democratic process . We meet in the middle for a lot of the songs , and I think that 's why we sound the way we do -- because it 's sort of five minds meeting in the middle . With my art thing , it 's completely self-indulgent . Watch the singer discuss his art " CNN : So what does art fulfill in you that you do n't get out of music ? Boyd : To me , it 's like the difference between a pen and a paintbrush . Music draws from almost the identical place as art does , which really is that intangible -- it 's like you 're pulling from the ether . I do n't know where it comes from . Nobody really does . It sort of arrives when it wants to . ... I 've been painting and drawing and taking pictures as long as I 've been writing music -- and I 've actually been drawing longer than I 've been writing music . I did n't go around looking for it . It kind of found me . CNN : Your parents always encouraged you to explore your artistic side . Boyd : My parents are wonderful , and I 'm really lucky -- but my mom has always been almost exclusively a right-brained person . She goes completely on her feelings of things , on her intuition , and so she instilled that in my brothers and I. And she also instilled in us from a very young age the importance of visualization -- visualization as a tool towards manifestation in your life . And so , from a very young age , if I did n't feel well , she 's like , "  Well , draw what 's happening and draw a solution . " If I had a stomach ache , I would draw a picture of my stomach , and I would draw what I thought the bad germs looked like -- and , you know , they had little robber masks on and stuff . And then I would draw a good germ , and of course it had a cape , and some tights , and he had a washcloth in his hands , and he could fly around and clean up the bad germs . And for some reason , I would always feel better afterwards . CNN : Did you ever visualize and draw what you wanted to achieve in terms of your music career , too ? Boyd : Sometimes , yeah . But the guys in the band -- we kind of grew up together , and when they were like , "  We want to play music , let 's start a band . You should be the singer , " I was like , "  OK . " I 'd never written anything before , I had never even really sang , but they knew that I knew how to draw , so it seemed logical that maybe I could write lyrics or carry a tune . So I always just sort of visualize lines , I would visualize a melody , and then sound it out to them , and they would help me sort of guide it through the instruments . And eventually , I got good enough at it that I was able to do it completely on my own . CNN : When you finish a painting , is it very much like finishing a song or finishing an album ? Boyd : Yeah , there is definitely a sense of accomplishment . Very rarely is there any confusion as to when a painting or a song is finished . You just know when it 's done . Someone wise once said when they were asked the question , "  How do you know when you 're done with a painting ? " And they said , "  How do you know when you 're done making love ? " I always thought that was a great analogy . CNN : Did you ever think , "  I need a fall-back job , like being an accountant , or a lawyer , or someone who works for IBM ? " Boyd : I feel very blessed , but no . I knew from a very young age that these were the things that I was supposed to do , and I actually made some very adult decisions when I was a teenager based on the knowledge that this is what I was going to do . There was really no question about it . CNN : What else do you want to do ? Boyd : Painting and art are obviously in my focus , but I dream about getting a really big tube at the Bonsai Pipeline sometime in the near future .	Incubus ' Brandon Boyd has been indulging in a love of painting Band has new greatest hits album out , will hit the road in July "  These were the things I was supposed to do , " says Boyd
CNN  The vast majority of airport employees with direct access to the tarmac and airplanes do not go through any daily security screening , and only two of the country 's major airports have systems in place that require all employees with secure access to pass through metal detectors , a CNN investigation has found . CNN was given exclusive access to one of those , Miami International Airport , and on a recent afternoon , employees lined up at a checkpoint where they passed through a metal detector as they reported to work . They gathered their belongings , swiped their badges and opened a door that leads down to the airport 's secure ramp area . "  One of the greatest vulnerabilities for this airport and probably any other major airport like MIA is the insider threat , " Lauren Stover , the airport 's security director told CNN . Miami has four checkpoints for employee screening , five vehicle access gates manned by airport workers , random background checks of employees and a mandatory security awareness class for all employees among a myriad of other security measures . The only other major airport that conducts full employee screenings is Orlando , Florida , according to interviews with aviation officials . There is no federal requirement that the baggage handlers , mechanics , cleaning crews and other employees with access to the airfield and other secure areas get screened as passengers do . They are typically subject to a criminal background check and might get randomly screened while at work . By contrast , those who work at the gates , such as restaurant employees , pass through TSA security checkpoints . It 's an issue that will be discussed on Tuesday at a hearing of a House Homeland Security subcommittee and follows a high-profile case in Atlanta . Federal agents broke up a gun smuggling operation at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport in December , arresting a Delta baggage handler and passenger . The baggage handler brought the guns to work , entered the gate area and passed the weapons onto a passenger who had already gone through security . The passenger transported guns on about 20 Delta flights from Atlanta to New York last year , according to the arrest affidavit . Atlanta , unlike Miami and Orlando , does not use metal detectors to screen workers with access to secure areas . A spokesperson told CNN , "  We have expanded random inspections and increased our police presence . " In addition , the general manager of Atlanta 's airport is expected to announce security changes at the upcoming hearing , according to a source familiar with his testimony . Delta declined to discuss specifics , but a spokesman said "  safety and security are always Delta 's top priority . " CNN contacted 20 major airports across the U.S. to ask about security protocols for the so-called "  back of the airport " employees . A spokesperson for Seattle Tacoma International Airport said employees with access to restricted areas do not have to pass through metal detectors but do carry badges verified by biometric scanners . Representatives of other airports , such as Los Angeles International Airport , Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport and McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas , said some employees with restricted access pass through metal detectors while others do not . "  Not all employees are required to go through metal detectors , " Sgt. Karla Ortiz with the Los Angeles Airport Police told CNN . "  There are several layers of security that are in place and part of that is training everyone that we are all responsible in ensuring the safety of our airports . " Representatives from eight airports deferred CNN 's questions on metal-detector screenings for employees to the Transportation Security Administration , which did not provide further information on the topic . Logan International Airport in Boston , Philadelphia International Airport and George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston did not respond to CNN 's repeated requests for comment . Even Miami 's strict security protocol could be vulnerable , according to Stover . "  It 's not 100 percent foolproof , and we know that people are going to exploit the vulnerabilities that they can find , " she said . "  We 're not just looking for terrorist activity . We have a range of threats . " Last year , the airport confiscated 209 employee ID badges for security violations . The airport has nearly 34,000 employees with ID badges , and 33,150 who have access to restricted areas . Airport police , emergency responders and federal law enforcement are the only ones who do not go through the checkpoints , Stover said . Miami began screening all employees through checkpoints after a 1999 drug smuggling plot in which dozens of ramp and food workers were arrested . A 2007 firearm and drug smuggling case in Orlando 's airport led to full employee screening as well . In response to the investigation of the smuggling that brought firearms from Atlanta to New York , Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , called on the TSA to require all airline and airport employees to undergo physical screening every time they enter secure areas of airports . Schumer referred to the lack of physical screening as a "  gaping loophole in airport security " in a letter addressed to TSA Acting Administrator Melvin Carraway . "  When guns , drugs , and even explosives are as easy to carry on board a plane as a neck pillow , then we have to seriously -- and immediately -- overhaul our airport security practices , " Schumer said in January . In a statement , the TSA said it was "  taking these recent incidents very seriously and has taken immediate steps to enhance site security at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport and other major U.S. airports . "  TSA is implementing or considering a range of measures , including additional requirements for employee screening ; conducting additional , randomized security countermeasures at employee access points ; and introducing additional security patrols by TSA teams of law enforcement and screening professionals to specifically address these concerns . "  Additionally , TSA has created a working group with representation from airport security partners to further develop plans for improving security . " The TSA identified workers with access to secure areas of airports as one of the greatest potential threats to aviation , according to a 2009 report by the Government Accountability Office . The report said costs for full screening of airport and airline employees could range from $ 5.7 billion to $ 14.9 billion for the first year of implementation . The entire TSA budget for 2015 is $ 7.3 billion . Wayne Black , a Miami-based security expert told CNN , "  We have a saying in our business : Budget driven security will always fail . "  You do n't have to be a security expert -- a fifth-grader can tell you if you are checking at the top end , at the front end of the airport , you 've got to be checking the back end of the airport , " he said . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Most airport workers not subject to daily security screenings , a CNN investigation finds Only two major U.S. airports regularly screen all employees This issue will be discussed at a House Homeland Security subcommittee hearing
InStyle  -- On August 25th , Claudia Schiffer -- the youngest of the crop of so-called "  original supermodels " who made their mark on fashion in the late 1980s and early 1990s -- will turn the big 4-0 . To celebrate , InStyle took a look back at the top six , and offers updates as to where they are now . Claudia Schiffer , 40 Then : Schiffer was only 17 when Karl Lagerfeld enlisted her to model for Chanel ; a subsequent ad campaign for Guess played up her resemblance to the actress Brigitte Bardot and turned her into an international star . Now : The German-born model , who 's married to filmmaker Matthew Vaughn  he directed "  Kick-Ass "  , recently gave birth to her third child and continues to pose part-time for brands like Chanel , Ferragamo , Alberta Ferretti  she 's the face of their signature fragrance  and Yves St. Laurent . See all the original supermodels : then and now Cindy Crawford , 44 Then : The all-American Crawford appeared on hundreds of magazine covers . She also pitched Pepsi , hosted the MTV series "  House of Style , " and married the movie star Richard Gere .  They divorced four years later . Now : Re-married in 1998 to businessman Rande Gerber , Crawford has launched several successful businesses of her own , including an eponymous Home Collection and a line of anti-aging skincare products called Meaningful Beauty . Cindy Crawford 's secret to feeling sexy Naomi Campbell , 40 Then : Discovered at 15 while window-shopping in London 's Covent Garden , Campbell quickly went from being an in-demand catwalk star to posing for numerous magazine covers , many of which had never before featured a black model . She represented Nars , Ralph Lauren , and Prada , appeared in music videos for Madonna , Michael Jackson , and the Notorious B.I.G. , and dated Mike Tyson , Robert DeNiro , and Eric Clapton . Now : Although plagued by personal scandals , Campbell is still a fashion-world star . Next month , Dolce & Gabbana will celebrate "  the 25th anniversary of her career " with a party and limited edition T-shirts  proceeds will benefit her charity , Fashion For Relief . 10 ways to live like a supermodel Linda Evangelista , 45 Then : Canadian-born Evangelista got her start when she was spotted by a talent agent at a Miss Teen Niagara pageant in 1978 . Ten years later , she lost a number of major runway bookings when she suddenly swapped her then-shoulder-length hair for a boyish , close-cropped style , but her ever-changing ` do eventually became her trademark . A face of Revlon , Donna Karan , and Versace , she famously told a reporter in 1990 that she and her supermodel colleagues "  do n't get out of bed for less than $ 10,000 a day . " Now : Evangelista has worked more or less steadily for the last twenty years -- recent gigs include ad campaigns for Prada , Talbots , and John Galliano . Try on Linda Evangelista 's famous crop Elle Macpherson , 47 Then : A leggy blonde Australian known within the industry as "  The Body , " Macpherson appeared on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue a record five times . She also kept a foot in the high-fashion world , walking runways for designers like Azzedine Alaia and John Galliano . Now : The model-turned-entrepreneur 's signature lingerie line , Elle Macpherson Intimates , is a best-selling success , stocked at Bloomindales , Saks Fifth Avenue , and Neiman Marcus . She 's also launched a skincare collection , called  of course  "  The Body , " and recently became the host of "  Britain 's Next Top Model . " And , in March , she made a triumphant return to the runway , closing Louis Vuitton 's buzzed-about Fall 2010 show . Elle Macpherson 's trick to looking great in a bikini Christy Turlington , 41 Then : A face of Missoni , Valentino , Chanel , Revlon , and Calvin Klein , Turlington starred , alongside Linda , Cindy , and Naomi , in George Michael 's model-packed video for "  Freedom ! 90 . " Now : The yoga devotee has launched two active-wear brands , Nuala and Mahnuala , and is a partner in the all-natural ayurvedic skincare line , Sundari . This year , Turlington -- who 's married to actor/director Ed Burns -- released a documentary , "  No Woman No Cry , " about at-risk pregnant women around the world and co-starred with models Karen Elson and Natalia Vodianova in Louis Vuitton 's Fall 2010 campaign . And what about Helena Christensen and the rest of the original supermodels?Find out what they 're up to on InStyle.com now ! Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Claudia Schiffer turns 40 on August 25 Although plagued by personal scandals , Naomi Campbell is still a fashion-world star Evangelista 's recent gigs include ad campaigns for Prada , Talbots , and John Galliano
UTTAR PRADESH , India  CNN  -- An Indian police office grabs two fists-full of a suspect 's hair ; twists and then lifts until the suspect 's feet dangle off ground . The suspect : A 6-year-old girl accused of stealing 280 rupees or about 6 dollars . The incident resulted in one officer being fired , another suspended . Charges against the girl were dropped . It was all caught on tape in February of this year . Harcharand Singh and his wife . Mr Singh says their son , accused of thief , died in police custody . Two years earlier in another Indian state another caught on tape moment . A police officer watches as a crowd beats an accused thief . Then the policeman binds the suspect and ends up dragging him behind a motorcycle leaving large raw patches of skin on the suspect 's body . The accused survived the thrashing . Two officers were fired in the incident but were later reinstated by a panel that blamed the crowd . Brutal police tactics are all too common in India according to the latest report by Human Rights Watch in India . Naureen Shah with Human Rights Watch says the report is based on interviews with 80 police , 60 alleged victims and other experts . "  The police are taking the law into their own hands . " Shah says . "  They are acting as a vigilante force and they 're saying this is a bad guy instead of building a case against him we 're going to kill him , we 're going to take these harsh measure cause it has to get done . " "  Police administration are meant to protect , but they are becoming predators . " Harcharand Singh says . He is the father of a suspect he says died in police custody . Singh and his wife are dirt poor and partially blind . They sit on a bed with tears in their eyes as they speak about losing their son Pradeep . They say police hauled Pradeep away one night accusing him of being involved in a car theft and shooting . Days later they say he died in police custody . Police refused to comment on the case or the report . "  We are scared . " Mother Ram Vati Singh says through tears . "  What else can we do ? We have no money so that we can leave or put up a fight with the police . " The case was one of dozens highlighted in the Human Rights Watch report used as yet another example of what they say is out of control police behavior . Watch a report on abuse cases " But the report also revealed something else . The terrible conditions police work and live in . Many live in police stations for days even months at a time unable to go home to see their families because they are expected to be on call 24 hours a day 7 days a week . Some work and live in tents in scorching temperatures . Their bathroom facilities are often wretched . Their cooking facilities sometimes made up of bricks with fire wood . The number of cases and pressure to solve them is intense . Police also say they are short staffed . One police official told us in his jurisdiction there are 70 police for a population of 250-thousand people , something CNN is unable to independently confirm . There are no computers for reports so police officers fill everything out by hand . Some departments even run out of paper to write the reports according to the Human Rights Watch report . Former Delhi Police Commissioner Ved Marwah says the conditions are dire . "  The policemen are treated very inhumanly and that 's why he gets desensitized and brutalized by his living and working conditions an by his interaction with the common citizen and with his superiors and that desensitization is reflected in the way an average policeman deals with the public at large . " Marwah says . Marwah says there is also interference from politicians in police investigations . "  Politics plays a very negative role . " He says . Today 's politicians , every politician there are good politicians and bad politicians , every politician looks upon it as a profession and he 's there to make a quick buck and when he gets that control over the police , he uses an misuses not to ensure that the police enforces the rule of law , but to see that the police commits or does n't commit a particular action to help him in his personal ends . " Efforts to reform police activities were ordered by India 's supreme court three years ago . Marwah and Human Rights Watch both agree the ruling was never implemented . However the current government is promising changes . But Marwah says until it really happens , the abuses by and to police will continue unabated . "  Because ultimately the police , unlike the army , is absolutely under political control . He says "  If those who control the police have no will to reform it , then nothing is going to happen . "	Video shows girl being physically abused by police , rights group says Human Rights Watch says some police are becoming vigilantes Report also shows poor conditions that police are expected to work under The government has promised changes
CNN  -- Jeannie Longo-Ciprelli would be remembered as the greatest female cyclist of her generation even if she had never been an Olympic champion . Longo-Ciprelli : Fourth time lucky in Atlanta in 1996 . For much of her career , the Olympic gold was the one honor to elude the French rider . Misfortune , it seemed , was to be her fate every four years , regardless of how many world championships she won in between . In 1984 the first women 's Olympic road race coincided with Longo-Ciprelli 's rise to dominance in the sport . Well-placed going into the final lap , she appeared set to challenge in the sprint , only to be knocked off in a collision . By 1988 , Longo-Ciprelli was a three-time road race world champion , as well as a double winner of the women 's Tour de France , and the clear favorite for gold in Seoul . But a broken hip a month before the Games derailed her preparations . Although she recovered enough to ride the road race , she could manage just 21st place . Tactical error More disappointment followed in Barcelona in 1992 as Longo-Ciprelli paid the price for a tactical error . With three kilometers to go , she raced away from the peloton and crossed the line in celebration . But she had failed to realize that Kathy Watt , an unheralded Australian , had slipped away from the lead group apparently unnoticed with a lap to go , and finished 20 seconds further in front . Four years later , in Atlanta , Longo-Ciprelli , finally cracked her Olympic jinx . At 37 , Longo-Ciprelli was no longer the dominant presence she had once been , but she still possessed the ability to raise her performance for the biggest races , as she had proven by winning her fourth road race world title in 1995 . Her preparations were typically unorthodox -- while her rivals were acclimatizing to the Atlanta heat , Longo-Ciprelli trained alone in the mountains of Colorado , arriving just two days before the race . The race itself was run in a sudden downpour , which sent many riders crashing and skidding and had the rest struggling to stay on their bikes . Unruffled , Longo-Ciprelli broke clear with two other riders and then launched her gold-winning solo attack 11 kilometers from the finish . Longo-Ciprelli was back for her fifth and final Olympics in Sydney in 2000 at the age of 41 , this time claiming bronze in the time trial -- and event in which she had also won silver in 1996 . E-mail to a friend	Cyclist 's Olympic record : 1 gold medal , 2 silver medals , 1 bronze medal Cyclist was born October 31 , 1958 , in Annency , France By 1988 Longo-Ciprelli was a three-time road race world champion
A new study of over a million women reports smokers more than triple their risk of dying early compared with nonsmokers , and that kicking the habit can virtually eliminate this increased risk of premature death . Smoking remains the leading causes of preventable death in both the United States and the United Kingdom . Lead study author Richard Peto , a professor at the University of Oxford in the U.K. , and his colleagues conducted one of the largest studies looking at the hazards of smoking and the benefits of quitting among women born around the 1940s . These women were among the first generation of females to smoke regularly throughout their lifetimes , and tracking these women into the 21st century provided the most comprehensive look at the prolonged effects of smoking , as well as the benefits of quitting . TIME.com : Largest ever survey on global tobacco use issues dire warnings "  Only in the 21st century could we observe directly the full effects of prolonged smoking , and of prolonged cessation , on premature mortality among women , " said Peto in a statement . Between 1996 and 2001 , the researchers recruited 1.3 million female participants ages 50 to 65 . The women filled out questionnaires detailing their lifestyles , medical status and sociodemographic factors . The researchers followed up and resurveyed the women three and eight years later . At the start of the study , published in the journal Lancet , 20 % of the women were smokers , 28 % were former smokers and 52 % never smoked . Each of the women was registered in the U.K. 's national health system , so their deaths and cause of death were recorded . By 2011 , 66,000 had passed away . The researchers found that women who smoked cigarettes throughout their adult years had three times a greater risk of dying compared with nonsmokers and women who quit well before middle age . They were much more likely to die of smoking-related causes like lung cancer , heart disease and stroke . Even light smokers who smoked one to nine cigarettes per day had two times the mortality rate of nonsmokers . TIME.com : 5 smartphone apps that promote smoking More encouraging , however , was the positive effect that quitting seemed to have on the women 's life span . Those who quit smoking before they reached 40 avoided more than 90 % of the increased risk of premature death from cigarettes , while women who stopped even earlier -- before age 30 -- avoided 97 % of the added risk . And it 's never too late , the authors write , to stub out those cigarettes . "  Even cessation at about 50 years of age avoids at least two-thirds of the continuing smoker 's excess mortality in later middle age , " they write . The hazards of smoking on health and mortality for women who continued to smoke past 40 , for example , were 10 times greater than among women who quit before age 40 . Rachel Huxley , a professor at the University of Minnesota who wrote an accompanying editorial to the study , says that the latest data on women are a welcome addition to existing knowledge , which have underestimated the full impact of smoking on women . "  Unlike in men , we have had to wait until now to fully understand the hazards of smoking and the associated benefits of quitting in women , " she says . "  This is because smoking only first became popular among women born in the 1960s -- decades later than men -- and because of the long time lag between smoking and disease onset , we 've had to wait until these women were in their 50s to really see the damage to health that smoking has . " TIME.com : The major toll of secondhand smoke Huxley and the study authors note that compared with those who do n't smoke , women who smoke are at greater risk of heart disease than male smokers . Although the underlying mechanisms are largely unknown , researchers speculate that smoking 's effect on dampening the potentially protective effects of estrogen on the heart might put women smokers at a higher risk for heart disease than men who light up . Behavioral factors , like the fact that women tend to inhale more deeply than men , may also play a role . "  We just do n't know , but it 's intriguing and warrants further study , " says Huxley . Although smoking rates have largely declined in the West since the 1940s , new evidence suggests the practice may be on the rise in developing countries . In August , the World Health Organization released a report showing global smoking rates remain strong , with 1 in 10 women picking up the habit . More people from middle-income countries are smoking , and women are starting at younger ages . Given these trends , data on the long-term health effects of smoking are desperately needed , says Huxley . "  The main message is that quitting smoking works , and the sooner the better . " TIME.com : How much weight will you gain after you quit smoking ? TIME.com : Teens and tobacco use : Why declines in youth have stalled This story was initially published on TIME.com . Women who give up smoking extend lives by 10 years	A new study examines more than a million women in the United Kingdom Women who smoke throughout adult years have three times the risk of dying Women smokers are also at a greater risk of heart disease than male smokers Quitting smoking before middle age can virtually eliminate this risk
CNN  -- Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy appointed three new commanders Tuesday , just days after he shook up the country 's powerful military leadership . He tapped leaders to head the navy , the air force and the air defense force , Morsy spokesman Yasser Ali announced on state TV . The president sent the previous leaders into "  retirement " on Sunday , alongside Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi and Lt. Gen. Sami Anan , once the country 's top military rulers . Morsy appointed Staff Maj. Gen. Abdel-Monen Bayoumi al-Terras as head of the air defense force , Staff Vice-Marshal Younes Elsayed Hamed as commander of the air force , and Staff Rear Adm. Osama Ahmed el-Gendy as head of the navy , Ali said . The fact the announcement came from Morsy directly , and not his defense minister , suggested the president is determined to take control of the military , which has been a mainstay of Egyptian politics for the past 60 years . Morsy assumed office June 30 and has moved quickly to assert his authority . Is Morsy making himself an emperor ? Also Tuesday , the president honored Tantawi , presenting him with the country 's top state medal , the Order of the Nile . Anan received the distinguished Order of the Republic medal later in the day . Both men have been named as advisers to Morsy , the country 's first freely elected president . No details of the new posts have been announced . Tricky game of power Meanwhile , Egyptian forces continue to battle militants in the Sinai Peninsula , the state-run al-Ahram newspaper reported , citing security sources . One soldier was wounded and one militant was captured in the clashes , the sources said . Source : Yemen forces attack Defense Ministry The military campaign was launched after an attack at a border post last week that left more than a dozen troops dead . Morsy dismissed several security officials and the governor of northern Sinai province in the wake of the attack .	Egyptian president names navy , air force and air defense force commanders The move comes just days after he shook up the country 's powerful military leadership Morsy assumed office June 30 and moved quickly to assert his authority
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama 's January 17 train trip from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to Washington is intended to make the inauguration the most open and accessible in history . President-elect Barack Obama 's train ride from Philadelphia to Washington will pose myriad security risks . But it is also presenting the U.S. Secret Service with security problems . Miles and miles and miles of them . In addition to the well-publicized "  whistle stops " in Philadelphia ; Wilmington , Delaware ; and Baltimore , Maryland , the Presidential Inauguration Committee says the public will have the opportunity to view the train at other locations along its 137-mile route . But the committee has not indicated where those sites will be , and the Secret Service has yet to release what security restrictions will be in place . Security experts say the train ride presents traditional threats to the VIPs on board , as well as countless buildings , homes and warehouses along the route . And there are non-traditional vulnerabilities : scores of bridges and tunnels that could be sabotaged . And , two environmental groups have warned , terrorists could take a page from al Qaeda 's playbook , using existing infrastructure , in this case chemical plants along the route , as an attack method . In a letter to the Secret Service , Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth wrote that they were worried that security efforts focused on the Obama entourage "  might not extend to the larger community which may suffer serious consequences in case of even one moderately successful terrorist release of ultrahazardous chemicals . " "  We will be urging Mr. Obama and -LSB- Vice President-elect Joe -RSB- Biden to re-consider " plans to travel by train , the groups wrote . In response , Secret Service spokesman Eric Zahren told the groups , "  Please be assured , the U.S. Secret Service is working closely with federal , state and local agencies to maintain a safe and secure environment for all of our protectees . " Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff , whose department includes the Secret Service , said he is confident of the agency 's abilities to protect the president-elect . "  Remember , the Secret Service has taken the president to Iraq and to Afghanistan , to some very hostile places around the world . I 'm comfortable that we have the skills , working of course with state and local authorities , to protect the president-elect in Pennsylvania and Baltimore and Washington , D.C. , " Chertoff said . Chertoff said he is aware of the environmental groups ' concerns . "  I suspect it 's being done , frankly , largely as a public relations ploy , " he said . "  I do n't think there 's any particular threat from chemical plants along the train route . " iReport.com : Send your photos from the train stops A former Secret Service agent said the agency has had experience with presidential train trips and said authorities typically install chemical , biological and radiological detectors along the route . Amtrak and the Secret Service will not say whether Obama 's train car will be armored , though experts say special cars have been used in the past . "  Security will be provided in the air , on the ground and in the water , " said Amtrak Police Department Chief John O'Connor . "  It 's a daunting challenge , but there are many , many police departments that are working together to make this happen . " Once the train reaches its final destination , the presidential inauguration itself will offer an attractive target for terrorists because of "  the historic significance of the nation 's first minority president , " a U.S. intelligence assessment said . The report hastened to add that no specific threat has been detected thus far . The document says the swearing-in of the first minority president "  increases the potential threat , particularly stemming from individuals on the extremist fringe of the white supremacist movement . " But it adds that no such groups are known to have threatened the inauguration so far . The report further noted that "  lone offenders " not connected to organized groups pose the greatest potential threat because such offenders are often the most difficult to detect . The document says there have been some reports of lone offenders making threats but no indication that any of the potential threats "  have progressed past rhetoric to operational planning . " CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Security experts say trip poses threats to buildings , bridges , tunnels along route Environmental groups say terrorists could use chemical plants along route in attack Former Secret Service agent says chemical detectors could be installed along route At inauguration , lone offenders pose greatest risk because of difficulty detecting them
CNN  From Liverpool to Los Angeles -- Steven Gerrard 's move to California has been confirmed . The former England captain will play Major League Soccer with LA Galaxy after deciding to bring an end to his 17 years at Anfield . "  I 'm very excited to begin the next chapter of my career in the United States with LA Galaxy , " Gerrard told the American ' club 's website . "  The Galaxy are the most successful club in Major League Soccer history and I am looking forward to competing for more championships in the years to come . Gerrard , 34 , is expected to arrive in LA in July where he will team up with Bruce Arena , the Galaxy coach . The MLS club did not disclose details of how long Gerrard had signed for . "  My discussions with Bruce Arena and Chris Klein were extremely positive and the future of the team is very bright , " said Gerrard , referring to the Galaxy president . "  I am committed to helping the LA Galaxy compete for trophies and to having an impact in Los Angeles and I will give my all for the club . "  In the meantime , I will continue to give everything for Liverpool for the remainder of this season before joining up with the Galaxy . " Speaking to Liverpool 's in-house TV channel last weekend , the player himself confirmed that the U.S. would be his next destination . "  I can tell the supporters at the moment that it will be America , " he said . "  But I 'm not over the line with any team just yet . I 'm close and as soon as I know , I 'll make the announcement , I 'll do the bits and bobs that I need to do . "  Then we try to go and win a trophy and forget about Steven Gerrard for a bit . " Gerrard says his decision to move to the U.S. came after discussions with Brendan Rodgers , the Liverpool manager , in which he was told that he would no longer be a regular starter . "  There was more than one moment that has made me come to this decision , but I think the key conversation or moment was with the manager when he sat me down not so long ago and said it was time to manage my games for me and for the team , " Gerrard said . "  I 'm bright enough to realize it is the right thing for everyone , but when you 've been a starter and a mainstay in the team for such a long time , it was a very difficult conversation to have with the manager . "  I accept it and I 'll continue to give everything I 've got , whether I 'm starting , coming off the bench or whatever , but that was the key conversation that swung me to deciding to come away for a short while . "  I had an idea it was going to come at some time - I 'm a human , not a robot . I 'm not 24 . I wish I was 24 , I wish I 'd met Brendan when I was 24 because I think I 'd be sitting here talking about a lot of titles that we 'd won together . " Gerrard , who has scored four goals in his past two games , made his Liverpool debut in November 1998 as a raw teenager . He won 114 international caps for England before retiring after the 2014 World Cup where he captained his country . While he never managed to win the English Premier League trophy , Gerrard did win eight trophies during his time at Anfield . Gerrard won two FA Cups , three League Cups and the UEFA Cup in 2001 . But his greatest achievement came in 2005 when he led Liverpool to an unforgettable Champions League triumph against AC Milan in Istanbul . Liverpool , which finished second to Manchester City last season , has struggled this campaign . It lost the services of Luis Suarez , its top scorer , when the Uruguayan opted to join Barcelona . Daniel Sturridge , the England forward , has missed most of the season with injury while players which joined the club in August have struggled to make an impact . Liverpool is currently eighth in the Premier League , 17 points behind leaders Chelsea .	Steven Gerrard to join Los Angeles Galaxy in July Liverpool midfielder set to leave Anfield club at end of season Gerrard made Liverpool debut in 1998 Led club to Champions League title in 2005
McDonald 's restaurants in many Chinese cities have been eerily quiet this past week . The fast food giant is enormously popular in China where it has 2,000 outlets , each one typically overflowing with hungry crowds . But many McDonald 's addicts have been forced to go cold turkey as numerous branches have yanked flagship burgers off the menu amid a tainted meat scandal . The food scare broke when a video surfaced in Chinese media last week , showing appalling practices in a Shanghai food-processing factory that supplies ingredients to many international restaurant brands . Since then , the tainted meat supply has been found to reach across China , all the way to Hong Kong , and even to Japan . How was the scandal uncovered ? A reporter from a Shanghai broadcaster secretly filmed inside the food processing plant of Shanghai Husi Food , a subsidiary of U.S.-based food supply giant OSI Group . The footage captured workers handling food with their bare hands . Several scenes showed them picking up meat that had fallen on the floor and returning it directly into the processing machine . One worker , his face concealed behind a surgical mask , turned to the camera and stated , "  foul meat , " referring to the meat being handled . Shanghai Municipal Food and Drug Administration  FDA  subsequently investigated the factory and found that expired beef and chicken products were processed and repackaged with new expiration dates . Amongst the tainted products , they were able to trace forged production dates on more than 4,300 cases of smoked beef patties , with more than 3,000 cases already sold . Who was affected ? Husi had been supplying chicken and beef products to branches of McDonald 's , Papa John 's , Burger King , Starbucks , KFC , and Pizza Hut in several cities in China . Since the scandal broke , all the brands have cut ties with Husi 's parent company OSI Group , except for McDonald 's . The golden arches will continue to work with the food supplier in China , eventually shifting to a Husi food plant in Henan province , which was described as the "  newest state-of-the-art facility " by OSI CEO Sheldon Lavin . McDonald 's has worked with OSI for more than half a century internationally , and for more than 22 years in mainland China , a spokesperson surnamed Xu told CNN . Meanwhile , beef and chicken products at most McDonald 's in northern and central China are unavailable . Branches in southern China , which use a different meat supplier , are largely unaffected . Xu also said the products will slowly return to menus after August 3 . In Hong Kong , McDonald 's previously stated that it does not use products from Husi . It later backtracked the claim after local government issued a ban on the import and sales of Husi products . As a result of the ban , chicken nuggets , chicken filets , as well as several vegetable products and iced lemon tea are now temporarily unavailable at the city 's McDonald 's branches . Japan 's McDonald 's have also been affected as 20 % of the meat for chicken nuggets there were supplied by Husi . It has since stopped importing chicken from China and introduced a tofu and fish version of the McNugget . The scandal has led to "  negative impact on sales and consumer confidence , " the company 's Japanese unit said in a statement . "  Our sales and profit expectations have been reduced . " Who was held responsible ? Although no one has fallen sick as a direct result of the tainted meat supply , Shanghai 's FDA has closed the Husi plant at the center of the scandal , and detained five employees for questioning . Meanwhile , Shanghai 's top official has pledged to mete out "  severe punishment " for anyone involved in the incident , China Daily reported . OSI Group is conducting its own internal investigation , promising "  swift and decisive action " against those responsible . It has also announced a number of organizational changes that it says will better ensure food safety at its China subsidiaries . This includes taking the previously separate and decentralized China operations and shifting them under the global management umbrella . It will also launch an Asia Quality Control Center in Shanghai and a three-year , RMB 10 million  $ 1.6 million  food safety campaign . Is China doing enough for food safety ? Food safety has long been a top concern for China , affecting domestic and foreign companies . In 2008 , a major scandal erupted over tainted infant formula that killed several babies and left thousands more ill . Earlier this year , Wal-Mart recalled donkey meat after it was found to be contaminated with fox meat . Yum Brands , the owner of KFC and Pizza Hut , has just emerged from a food safety scandal that began in late 2012 . The latest Husi scandal comes amid a revision of China 's food safety laws . Earlier this month , the National People 's Congress released a draft version of the law on its website , seeking public opinion . It promised harsher punishment for offenders . "  Over past years , punishment for food safety violators has been increased but it still lags far behind that in developed countries . There should be much higher punishment for offenders , " an anonymous industry insider told China Daily .	Expired meat was repackaged and sold to fast food chains in China McDonald 's is the only brand that will continue to work with the meat supplier China has 2,000 McDonald 's branches across the country China 's food safety law is currently being revised
CNN  -- President Barack Obama and rival Mitt Romney have targeted Ohio with incessant campaigning , a slew of television ads and nonstop political phone calls . The importance of the Buckeye State can not be overstated : Ohio has not voted for the loser in the presidential election since 1960 . In other words , as goes Ohio , so goes the nation . "  They 're just going to badger voters over and over again until they cast a ballot , " said Paul A. Beck , a political science professor at the Ohio State University . "  It does n't really matter where they pick up the votes , so the campaigns are everywhere . They 're visiting all over the state and running ads everywhere . " Obama and Vice President Joe Biden have visited Ohio 10 times in the past 30 days , including a rally in Dayton on Tuesday . Romney and his running mate , Paul Ryan , have stumped 21 times . It is the second most-visited state on the campaign trail , behind only Florida , another swing state . The Obama campaign has flooded the Ohio airwaves with $ 57 million in advertising ; Romney for President has spent $ 34 million -- anything to pick up the state 's vital 18 electoral votes . Five things we learned from the final debate In fact , Beck said , all political ad space in the major TV markets has been purchased through the November 6 election . "  Ohio is ground zero for the jobs debate , " GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos said . Castellanos , who was a top media adviser to the 2004 Bush-Cheney re-election campaign and a Romney adviser in 2008 , said Ohio is "  a microcosm of American swing voters : Reagan Democrats ; suburban soccer moms ; and even Up-Tinos , upwardly mobile Latinos , an increasingly important target for both parties . " If the campaigns needed any more ammo for their efforts , they got it on Monday . The latest collection of polls in Ohio shows a razor-thin margin separating the candidates . The CNN Poll of Polls shows Obama at 48 % and Romney at 45 % in the Buckeye State . "  It 's a very critical state , " CNN Chief National Correspondent John King told Wolf Blitzer on Monday . "  Right now , you have that slight lead for the president ; Gov. Romney 's team would say it 's a tie . " Pundits say that Ohio is a must-win state for Romney , that his chances for the necessary 270 electoral college votes become nearly impossible without carrying Ohio . "  This is the big one , " King said . The Romney campaign also has focused on three typically Republican states that went for Obama in 2008 : Indiana , North Carolina and Virginia . Getting those three states , plus Ohio , would be crucial in electing Romney as the nation 's next president . By contrast , Obama could win by picking up Wisconsin , Iowa and Ohio . "  You could make an argument the president should just camp out right here in the Midwest , " King said . At the center of it all is Ohio , one of the nation 's great industrial states , with 11.5 million people . Cleveland , Akron , Youngstown and Toledo have traditionally voted Democrat in support of the auto , steel and tire unions , while Cincinnati and Columbus have leaned Republican . Obama carried Ohio in 2008 52 % to 47 % over John McCain , riding a wave of increased Democratic voter turnout over 2004 and winning traditionally Republican areas . But whether Obama can rally his base in the same numbers remains one of the lingering questions this election season . Campaign enters final stretch "  It 's too close to call , " said Ohio State 's Beck . "  The outcome is probably going to depend on turnout and how good of a job the campaigns do in getting out their faithful . " Buoyed by polling that shows Obama enjoying a wide margin among female voters  53 % to 41 %  , Biden stumped in Canton , Ohio , on Monday , chiding Romney for his "  binders full of women " response when the GOP hopeful was asked at the last debate about pay inequities in the work force . "  He started talking about binders . Binders ? " Biden said . "  Whoa ! " Romney leads among men by a similar margin . The gap between Obama and Romney has narrowed in the past month . Ahead of the first presidential debate , Obama enjoyed as much as a 10 percentage point advantage , and many political experts believed the election was virtually over . But then came Romney 's October surge . "  It 's very simple : Once again , it 's all coming down to Ohio , " said William Galston , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution and former policy adviser to Bill Clinton . "  I feel quite confident this time around that whoever wins Ohio will be the next president of the United States , and I very much suspect that the campaigns agree with that proposition . " Beck attributes Romney 's comeback to three issues :  $ cents the first presidential debate , which most people believed Romney won .  $ cents the events in Libya that resulted in the deaths of four Americans , including Ambassador Christopher Stevens .  $ cents voters alienated by Obama who wanted to like Romney . Ohio newspapers ink their 2012 presidential picks "  The first debate let people who were looking for reasons to support Romney and made them feel that he was of a presidential caliber , " Beck said . He said he is paying close attention to the blue-collar Democratic areas in the northern part of the state , where race could play a factor in the voting . The auto bailout has played out well in Ohio  one in eight jobs is connected to the auto industry  , and Beck said many blue-collar types would like to support Romney but have trouble relating to him because of his track record of shipping jobs overseas . "  They just do n't resonate with Romney , " Beck said . "  But they 're not heavily attracted to Obama . " Obama and Biden have campaigned hard in Ohio and Michigan on Romney 's opinion piece that said to let Detroit go bankrupt , repeating the refrain "  Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive . "  A billboard in the Ohio city of Defiance , where GM has a plant , carried that same message for four weeks , but not before stirring a swirl of emotions . "  A lot of people here were offended by it , Republicans and Democrats alike , " said Mayor Bob Armstrong , a Democrat . "  The message was just not a good message . " The Defiance mayor said he hopes Americans "  stop all the bickering " and "  get behind our president , whoever it might be , and put all this behind us . " In a sign of voter enthusiasm , more than 1.4 million Ohioans have voted or requested an absentee ballot since early and absentee voting began on October 2 . Almost a third of Ohioans voted early in 2008 , in large numbers for Obama . Republicans say they 're better organized this time around and hope to make inroads there . One thing 's for sure , Beck said , Ohio voters can expect more campaign stops by the candidates , more phone calls , more political mailings . "  We 're pretty well-balanced between the two parties , " Beck said . "  And that means both candidates are going to court Ohioans because both sides feel they can win . " Six undecided voters in six swing states CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	As goes Ohio , so goes the nation : Ohio has n't voted for loser since 1960 Obama has spent $ 57 million in ads ; Romney has spent $ 34 million Latest CNN Poll of Polls shows Obama with a razor-thin margin Professor says getting out the base will be key
President Barack Obama met Wednesday with Hillary Clinton , his former secretary of state and potential Democratic successor , for about an hour in the Oval Office , a White House official said . The event was not on Obama 's schedule , and details on what the two discussed were scant . "  As is well known , President Obama and Secretary Clinton enjoy getting together in person on a regular basis . This afternoon they met privately in the Oval Office for about an hour to catch-up and enjoy an informal discussion on a wide range of issues , " the White House official said . Nick Merrill , Clinton 's spokesman , told CNN in an email that her camp will "  defer to the White House on any details . " It 's the first time the two have met in person since August , when they both attended a party at the Martha 's Vinyard home of Vernon Jordan , an aide to former President Bill Clinton . Obama was vacationing there with his family , and Clinton was there for a book signing event . More recently , Clinton has backed Obama 's decision to overhaul immigration rules and forestall deportations for the undocumented parents of U.S. citizens through executive action . Clinton , who lost to Obama during the hard-fought 2008 battle for the Democratic presidential nomination , is expected to make a decision about whether she 'll run again in early 2015 .	Hillary Clinton visited President Barack Obama for about an hour in the Oval Office on Wednesday The White House described the visit as informal and did n't offer details on what the two discussed
CNN  -- Imagine a world where anyone could be like Tony Stark in the "  Iron Man " movies -- manipulating 3-D images in thin air . That future could be a lot closer than you think . A Silicon Valley startup called Meta is creating augmented-reality glasses that will let you interact with virtual objects in the real world . "  It elicits this very magical effect where you could literally place holograms on the real world , reach out and touch them with your hands , " said Meron Gribetz , Meta founder and CEO . Gribetz , 28 , is the brains behind the technology . Originally from Israel , he moved to the United States seven years ago to study computer science and neuroscience at Columbia University . As a student , he began contemplating what the next computer could be . "  All I knew was that I wanted an infinite computer screen , and I wanted to be able to touch holograms and stick them on parts of the real world , " he said . Gribetz launched the company in December 2012 and moved to California with help from Y Combinator , which helps fund and nurture promising tech startups . He now lives and works with 25 employees in a Los Altos mansion overlooking Silicon Valley and has four other properties where employees sleep at night . "  We all live together , work together , eat together , " he said . "  At certain key points of the year we have mattresses lined all around the living room . " It 's not a typical work environment , but what Gribetz is creating is far from ordinary . He believes Meta glasses could change computing as we know it . "  The fundamental game changer that we 're bringing to the table is this application that allows you to take your phone , tablet and soon personal computer and project them in 3-D in your environment when they 're not actually there , " he said . If this happens , it could usher in the next generation of computing using your hands and a pair of glasses . He believes the potential applications are endless . "  We 've had surgeons apply for this because they want to be able to perform surgery while seeing a 3-D CAT scan , " Gribetz said . "  We 've had architects apply for this because they want to be able to build houses with their hands collaboratively . " Eventually , Gribetz says , the glasses could also be used for 3-D Skype sessions . "  You could actually put on these glasses and see a 3-D render of your mother from all the way across the country in New York sitting on the chair in your room here in California , " he said . The first version of the glasses , a developer edition , is selling for around $ 700 . The glasses are set to be delivered in December , Gribetz said . Meta is also creating 3-D apps that range from virtual Lego to surgery applications . But soon developers from around the world will have a chance to weigh in . "  We 're going to start off by perfecting five or six applications that showcase the differences from other form factors , " Gribetz said . "  But soon thereafter we 're going to open this up to developers worldwide , and they 're going to come up with things that we could n't even imagine . " In a demonstration video provided by Meta , a woman uses the glasses to sculpt a virtual vase with her fingers before printing it in 3-D , while others play chess on a virtual board . So how does the technology work ? "  The glasses are ... a two-part system . The first is a 3-D output display that 's built with a stereoscopic pair of see-through augmented-reality glasses . The 3-D output display allows you to see the holograms in 3-D , " Gribetz said . "  The 3-D scanner scans your environment and tells the computer where to place the 3-D graphics relative to the user and the world . " Unlike Google 's rival Glass eyewear , which has a smaller screen and is primarily controlled by your voice , Meta glasses could have the potential for an infinite screen controlled by your hands . "  Google is going to take one category of wearable computing , the notification machine , " Gribetz said . "  Meta is a graphical solution that 's going to allow people to build ` Iron Man ' - like interfaces and interact with digital information in a much more natural way graphically . " Until then , there are some limitations . The first version can only be used indoors . The company also is working on increasing the field of view , improving latency issues and making the glasses smaller and less bulky . Within two years , Gribetz says , the glasses will be as sleek as a pair of Ray-Bans . But stylish specs with built-in computer technology do raise the inevitable questions about privacy . "  I 'm highly concerned with those issues . ... I have a fundamental belief that when you and I are talking and you 're recording information about me , I should know about it , " Gribetz said . "  There will be an LED light indicating that you 're being recorded if that 's the situation . " If Gribetz has his way , hardware like the desktop computer , keyboard and mouse could soon be a thing of the past . "  We 're looking to change the way people interact with computers by making them much more natural , " he said . "  Every application from the 2-D world can enter the 3-D world now . It really represents a huge shift from 2-D computing . "	A startup is creating glasses that let you interact with virtual objects in the real world Glasses let you place 3-D holograms in real world , then reach out and touch them CEO of startup Meta : The potential applications are endless "  We 're looking to change the way people interact with computers , " he says
A 29-year-old former U.S. Marine who has been jailed in Iran since 2011 and accused of being a CIA spy says in a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry that his confession was made under duress . "  For over 2 years I have been held on false charges based solely on confessions obtained by force , threats , miserable prison conditions , and prolonged periods of solitary confinement , " Amir Hekmati says in the letter , which was obtained and published by the Guardian and whose authenticity the family vouched for to CNN . "  This is part of a propaganda and hostage taking effort by Iranian intelligence to secure the release of Iranians abroad being held on security-related charges . " Hekmati adds that Iranian intelligence told his court-appointed lawyer that he could be released in exchange for two Iranians being held abroad . "  I had nothing to do with their arrest , committed no crime , and see no reason why the U.S. Government should entertain such a ridiculous proposition , " writes Hekmati , who has dual U.S.-Iranian citizenship . "  I do not wish to set a precedent for others that may be unlawfully  obtained  for political gain in the future . While my family and I have suffered greatly I will accept nothing but my unconditional release . " Father fears he may never see his son imprisoned in Iran Though Hekmati has been able to send and receive letters , it was not clear how this letter -- dated September 1 -- was sent . The newspaper reported Wednesday that the letter had been smuggled out . Born in Arizona and raised in Nebraska before settling with his family in Flint , Michigan , Hekmati joined the Marines in 2001 out of high school . He finished his service four years later as a decorated combat veteran with tours in Iraq . Afterward , he translated Arabic as a contractor and helped train troops in cultural sensitivity . Hekmati 's family said he had gone to Iran to visit his grandmother but was arrested in August 2011 , accused by Iran 's Intelligence Ministry of working as a CIA agent . In December 2011 , Hekmati appeared on Iranian state television maintaining that he had been sent to Iran by the CIA . Family pleads for his release At trial , whose proceedings were not public , prosecutors accused him of trying to infiltrate Iran 's intelligence system in order to accuse Iran of involvement in terrorist activities , according to the semi-official Fars news agency . In January 2012 , he was convicted and sentenced to death . Two months later , an Iranian court dismissed the lower court 's death sentence and ordered a retrial . In Washington , spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki said the State Department had received a copy of the letter from Hekmati 's family . But , she added , "  We have not had any communication with Iran on the issue of a prisoner exchange . " In a statement issued last month , Kerry said the espionage charges were false and urged the Tehran government to release him "  safely and as soon as possible . " Hekmati 's mother has visited her son in Tehran 's Evin Prison ; she says his father has terminal cancer . Diplomatic relations between Washington and Tehran have been broken since 1980 , during the hostage crisis that followed the 1979 Islamic revolution . Iran claims it hanged CIA , Mossad spies	Amir Hekmati cites "  force , threats , miserable prison conditions " He says Tehran wants to exchange him for other prisoners He is a decorated Marine who served from 2001 to 2005
CNN  -- It 's 35 years after the release of Fleetwood Mac 's groundbreaking album "  Rumours , " and Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham are holding hands . Maybe it 's true that absence makes the heart grow fonder . Or maybe it 's a put-on , knowing that fans are still intrigued by the complicated interpersonal drama that drives the band . "  Rumours " gave listeners a voyeuristic peek into the messy romantic lives of the quintet . "  Go Your Own Way " was Buckingham 's anguished kiss-off to Nicks . "  Do n't Stop " was Christine McVie 's song of encouragement to her soon-to-be ex-husband , John McVie . A special anniversary reissue of "  Rumours " is now available , with expanded and deluxe versions featuring previously unreleased demos and early takes , along with a dozen live recordings from the group 's 1977 world tour . At 35 , still the ` perfect album ' In April , Nicks and Buckingham will join drummer Mick Fleetwood and bassist John McVie for their first tour in three years . In addition to their arsenal of beloved hits , they 're hoping to crowd-test three newly recorded tracks . "  We have two brand new songs and one really , really old song , " Nicks said . The "  old " tune predates Fleetwood Mac : an unreleased nugget written for the "  Buckingham Nicks " LP , which marks its 40th anniversary this year . The two "  new " tracks were penned by Buckingham . Last year , he went into the studio with Fleetwood and McVie to record eight songs they hoped would become the catalyst for a new Fleetwood Mac album . But Nicks had reservations . "  We really did n't want to rent a house for a year and then make a whole record with 13 , 14 , 15 songs on it , then have most of the people who are thinking about buying it buy one song , " she explained . "  So we did the three songs , and we 'll see how the world reacts to that . If they love those three songs , then maybe they might talk us into doing something else . " Maybe Nicks and Buckingham 's hand-holding is n't for the cameras . Maybe it 's to remind each other that despite their differences , they remain personally supportive and unified in their commitment to the juggernaut that is Fleetwood Mac -- even if it means playing mostly vintage hits for their upcoming tour . "  That 's okay , " Buckingham conceded . "  That 's part and parcel with what we do . " "  We laugh , " added Nicks , "  but  the classics are  why we all have a beautiful house . "	It 's the 35th anniversary of Fleetwood Mac 's groundbreaking "  Rumours " A special anniversary reissue of "  Rumours " is now available In April , the group will tour for the first time in three years
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Three professors and a former professor at Columbia University 's Teachers College received hate mail this week , the New York Police Department said . It 's the campus that was shaken by several bias crimes directed at black and Jewish professors in 2007 . Columbia University 's Teachers College is once again the target of a hate campaign . Three professors received manila envelopes Tuesday with images of swastikas in them . The fourth , a former professor who is an African-American , was sent a manila envelope containing an image of a noose , according to NYPD deputy commissioner Paul Browne . Among those receiving a swastika image was Elizabeth Midlarsky , a Jewish psychologist who has studied psychological principles in the context of the Holocaust , police said . In 2007 , her office door was spray-painted with a swastika .  A swastika is the right-angles cross symbol used on Nazi Germany flags  . The NYPD Hate Crimes Unit is leading the investigation into the incident . No arrests have been made . "  The TC community deplores these hateful acts , which violate every Teachers College and societal norm , " said an e-mail Wednesday to faculty and students from the college 's president , Susan Fuhrman ; and dean , Tom James . No arrests were been made in the 2007 incidents . Police declined to say if they believe there is a connection between those cases and the mailings this week .	Three professors , one former one at Columbia University receive hate mail this week Jewish psychologist at Teachers College among those receiving swastika In 2007 , same psychologist 's office door was spray-painted with a swastika NYPD Hate Crimes Unit is leading investigation ; no arrests made
Madrid health authorities have put down Ebola patient Teresa Romero Ramos ' dog , Excalibur , despite protests to save the animal 's life . The dog was sedated before being euthanized , according to health authorities . Its body was moved , following protocol , to a place where it could be cremated . Excalibur 's death comes despite a public push , including a Change.org petition signed by about 400,000 people . "  It would be much easier to isolate or quarantine the dog just as they have the victim 's husband , " the petition stated , rather than forcing Romero and her husband to lose "  one of the family . " Romero is a nurse 's assistant at Madrid 's Carlos III hospital , where she is believed to have gotten Ebola while caring for missionaries being treated for the virus there . She is in isolation at the same hospital . Her husband is also there under observation , though he has n't shown any symptoms of Ebola . Hospital worker with Ebola ` doing better ' Health authorities put down Excalibur because of concern it may have become infected with Ebola . That raised questions : Can dogs really get Ebola and spread it to humans ? What about other animals ? In Africa , Ebola infection "  has been documented through the handling of infected chimpanzees , gorillas , fruit bats , monkeys , forest antelope and porcupines , " WHO says , though researchers think fruit bats are what they call the virus ' "  natural host . " Studies on dogs transmitting the infection are not as conclusive . During the 2001-2002 Ebola outbreak in Gabon , scientists from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention found signs of the virus in around 25 % of dogs living in the affected area of the country . Yet none of the animals became symptomatic or died of the disease during the study period . "  The only conclusion that may be safely drawn from this study is that the animals encountered Ebola virus  and their immune systems responded  , " Margaret H. Gilbert , a clinical veterinarian and assistant professor of medicine at Tulane National Primate Research Center , wrote in an email to CNN . "  Whether or not dogs shed Ebola once their immune systems encounter it remains to be seen . " When other wild animals like chimpanzees are infected with the virus , "  the infection is highly lethal and causes huge outbreaks and massive population declines , " the scientists wrote in their published paper . How did Spanish nurse catch Ebola ? Dogs may excrete infectious Ebola particles in their urine , feces or drool , the scientists wrote , as has been observed with other animals . "  Asymptomatically infected dogs could be a potential source of human Ebola outbreaks , " they wrote .	Madrid health authorities euthanize the dog , which will be cremated Excalibur the dog belonged to Ebola patient Teresa Romero Ramos Romero tested positive for the virus and is in isolation Studies on dogs transmitting the disease are not conclusive
CNN  -- I was half asleep when I first read the news , so I was sure I must have misunderstood . The words on the small screen in my hand said , "  Rest in Peace , Jim . " I sat up and looked at the phone again , trying to make sense of it . I could n't . My friend Jim had died suddenly , unexpectedly at the age of 56 . Soon , an avalanche of grief rolled across Facebook , carrying a mix of shock , sorrow , disbelief -- and genuine love . I had met Jim Sutherland many years before when we were both on staff at CNN . But we never really worked together , and we did not become friends back then . In fact , I 'm not sure we ever spoke . Friendship came much later , when we connected on Facebook , and Jim became an unlikely part of my everyday life . I learned about his family , his interests , his intensity . And I discovered his many talents and strong political beliefs . Social media had come along and created a new way to have a friend . He had continued working in media production , but his passion -- I should say one of his many passions -- was playing the trumpet , which he did brilliantly . I went to hear him play , in person , but our friendship was almost completely online . I have often used quotation marks in the past when referring to a Facebook "  friend " with more than a touch of sarcasm . Are Facebook connections really friends ? I have absolutely no hesitation in using the word to describe my relationship with my dear friend Jim , whose absence from my daily life has left a palpable emptiness . I miss him . Something has truly changed in my life because he 's gone . And I 'm not alone . Hundreds and hundreds of people have poured out their emotions in that electronic community . At times , it feels as real , as close , as if we were standing in the same room . In some respects , we are closer . Online , people express themselves with a special openness . They do n't have to wait their turn to speak , and the ones with small voices or introverted personalities can convey big , profound , touching emotions . Online we can develop a kind of intimacy that eluded us in the nonvirtual world . On social media , we can share -- as Jim so often did -- big and small parts of our life , without worrying that others are too busy or simply not interested in hearing it . Facebook allows us to renew contacts with people thousands of miles away , an extraordinary resource for those of us who have lived and worked around the world , and have cherished friends thousands of miles away . Messages for Jim came from distant lands . Many wrote as if he were still there ; as if he were reading all our comments , surely about to answer , or at least click "  like . " His sister Holly told me the family has drawn comfort from the outpouring of love , including from people he never met in person . "  Rest in peace my friend , " so many have said , adding their personal touch , "  Enjoy that great jazz gig in the sky . " "  May your soul fly free . " People commented on his intensity and his compassion . Friends posted poems and pictures ' and urged Jim to "  shake things up " in his new digs . Some asked him to say hello for them to others who have moved on . Several said they had never met Jim in person , but their online friendship had developed into something truly meaningful . Among them was another man called Jim Sutherland , whose connection was based on their shared name . I had already heard that story years ago from Jim on his Facebook page For a time , Jim was posting a picture of his morning cappuccino , displaying his flowery foam designs . He frequently changed his profile image . Some were playful , others serious . He posted his father 's or his mother 's photograph in honor of Veterans Day or some other special occasion . He spoke of his childhood as a military brat , of his father 's heroism in wartime and his mother 's own heroics while Dad was away . He linked videos of his recording sessions , praised other musicians and argued for social justice . In occasional conversations , some on his page , some in private messages , he taught me about cinematography , he jovially explained the meaning of the military expression "  Hua ! " -- "  Heard , understood , acknowledged " he said . "  Hua ? " he asked ? "  Hua ! " I dutifully replied . Jim was one of those guys with an opinion about everything . Facebook was perfect for him , and he was perfect for us , the ones who wonder around the edges and jump in for a quick dip every once in a while . Mostly , he shared his views and his ideas , and he supportively commented on what the rest of us did and said and showed about our lives . During my first few months on Facebook , I occasionally posted some of my articles on world politics , and Jim was quick to comment and debate . He loved politics and almost always took a strong leftist position , always displaying a steady social conscience . Whether you agreed or not , there was no denying that he came to it from concern for other human beings . Eventually , I decided to leave politics out of my Facebook life -- although I occasionally slip -- and to try to make it more casual , about friends , leaving other social media , Twitter and LinkedIn , for more controversial matters . Jim , on the other hand , put it all out for the world to see , or at least for all his friends to see . He had a modern version of integrity that went well with his intensity . I stayed out of his political battles but often enjoyed reading them , watching him fearlessly take on the world on every topic . Since the morning I learned of Jim 's death , I 've started hesitating a bit before reaching for the phone in search of the latest updates . Facebook , I have discovered , can sometimes bring very sad news . That 's because , as I have learned , it brings news about very real friends . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis was shocked by the death of a friend on Facebook She says the news pointed up that Facebook friends can be real friends Online , people express themselves with a special openness , she says
Washington  CNN  -- What is the state of Congress today ? How about a public shouting match at a committee hearing , with Republican Chairman Darrell Issa then cutting off the microphones while the top Democrat sought to make a statement . After the unseemly theatrics Wednesday , Issa conceded that a nearly year-long investigation of Internal Revenue Service targeting of conservative groups may be approaching what he called a "  dead end . " "  It may well be that we have gotten to the bottom of it , " Issa told reporters after former IRS manager Lois Lerner again refused to testify before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee by invoking her Fifth Amendment rights . An aide to Issa said the committee chairman had yet to decide on whether to pursue contempt charges against Lerner . Such uncertainty raises questions about whether Republicans who have alleged the targeting order came from political higher-ups , even the White House , can win a legal battle to compel Lerner to provide testimony . "  Without that , it may dead end with Ms. Lerner , " Issa said of the probe . Republicans contend the IRS targeted groups seeking tax-exempt status for extra scrutiny for political reasons , because organizations with names that included "  tea party " and other conservative-themed words and phrases got screened . The IRS , the Obama administration and Democrats reject any political motivation , noting that liberal groups also came under extra scrutiny because of their names . Lerner , who was put on administrative leave and then retired last year from the IRS , headed the unit that did the screening . So far , she has refused to testify before Congress on the matter , and did so again Wednesday before the panel chaired by Issa . The move infuriated Issa , who has led a Republican investigation that so far has failed to find any political motivation behind the targeting . Issa adjourned Wednesday 's session over the objections of Democratic Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland , who shouted back that the chairman 's actions were "  absolutely un-American . " As Cummings demanded to be heard , Issa declared , "  We 've adjourned , " and signaled to the committee to cut the microphones by running the edge of his hand across his throat . Cummings continued , speaking loudly because of the lack of amplification . "  I am a member of the Congress of the United States of America . I am tired of this , " Cummings yelled . "  You can not just have a one-sided investigation . There is absolutely something wrong with that . " Afterward , Issa told reporters that the purpose of the hearing was to see if Lerner would waive her Fifth Amendment rights and answer questions . When it became clear she would not , there was no reason to continue , the chairman from California said . "  Mr. Cummings did not raise a point of privilege or a point or order , " Issa said , noting that he initially recognized Cummings for a question . "  He went into an opening statement . Opening statements had already been completed . " Pressed further , Issa said he had the microphones cut because Cummings continued to talk during "  an adjourned meeting . " "  He was actually slandering me at the moment that the mics did go off by claiming that this had not been a real investigation , " Issa complained . To Cummings , the issue involved allowing Democrats on the panel to have a say . "  We were basically shut out completely , " he told reporters , criticizing Issa and Republicans for repeatedly distorting the panel 's findings through "  cherry picking information , of sending just a few lines from various transcripts . "	NEW : Chairman Issa says his investigation needs testimony from former IRS official Ex-IRS manager Lois Lerner refuses to testify , invoking Fifth Amendment rights Issa adjourns a committee hearing , enraging Democrats who wanted to speak The panel 's top Democrat calls Issa 's move "  absolutely un-American "
CNN  A human rights official has apologized for his part in an alleged racism incident involving Chelsea supporters on the Paris Metro , but has insisted he is not a racist . Richard Barklie was one of three men identified by the UK 's Metropolitan Police in a video showing what appears to be a group of Chelsea fans preventing a black man from entering a train , following the English club 's UEFA Champions League game against Paris Saint Germain last Tuesday . The group of supporters can be heard chanting on the train : "  We 're racist , we 're racist and that 's the way we like it . " A director of the World Human Rights Forum , Barklie has issued a statement through his lawyers admitting his involvement "  in an incident when a person now known to him as Souleymane S. was unable to enter a part of the train . " However , the Chelsea season-ticket holder , who was formerly a Royal Ulster Constabulary and Police Service of Northern Ireland officer , denies he participated in the chanting and "  condemns any behaviour supporting that . " The statement read : "  Pending formal engagement with police our client is anxious to put on record his total abhorrence for racism and any activity associated with it . "  As someone who has spent years working with disadvantaged communities in Africa and India he can point to a C.V. in human rights work which undermines any suggestion he is racist . "  Today a senior official in the World Human Rights Forum confirmed their support for him . " ` Sincerest apologies ' The black man who was physically stopped from getting on the Paris Metro , identified as Souleymane S , has said those found guilty should be "  locked up . " Barklie offered his "  sincerest apologies for the trauma and stress suffered by Mr Souleymane , " while saying he "  has an account to give to police which will explain the context and circumstances " of the incident . The statement went on to explain that the 50-year-old Barklie has traveled to Chelsea matches for over 20 years "  without incident " and that he traveled alone to Paris for the UEFA Champions League clash . Barklie -- whose image was released by the Metropolitan Police along with two others -- insists he "  has no knowledge whatsoever " of the identities of the other people seen in the video footage of the incident . The statement added that the Metropolitan Police have said arrangements are in hand "  to take the investigation to the next stage . " Chelsea condemnation Chelsea confirmed Friday that it had suspended five people from attending games at its Stamford Bridge stadium and has apologized to the victim . A club spokesperson also said that owner Roman Abramovich was "  disgusted " by the incident , while manager Jose Mourinho said he was "  ashamed . " Mourinho invited Souleymane S. to attend the return match against Paris Saint Germain at Stamford Bridge , while at Chelsea 's English Premier League home match against Burnley Saturday -- its first game since last week 's incident -- fans were seen holding banners reading : "  Black or white , we are all blue " and "  No racism at the Bridge . That 's the way we like it . " Former Chelsea player Paul Elliott , a member of the English Football Association 's Inclusion Advisory Board , has welcomed the positive response in the UK to what happened . "  In 21st-Century , multi-racial Britain , sport is the catalyst and the key that engages and unites . For me it 's the most potent weapon for breaking down barriers , " Elliott said at the British Ethnic Diversity Sports Awards . "  The response to the Paris Metro incident has been so uplifting . Society has self-policed it , in the sense that it is so obviously unacceptable to people in the 21st Century . " West Ham video Rivals supporters have also had their say on the Paris Metro incident , with West Ham fans poking fun at their Chelsea counterparts in what has proved to be a viral hit . A video posted online shows Hammers supporters on their way to an English Premier League game against Tottenham Sunday , saying "  this is how we do it at West Ham " as they welcome a black man onto a train .	A human rights official admits his involvement in Paris racism incident Richard Barklie says he did not take part in racist chanting The 50-year-old has apologized to the victim for his part
Washington  CNN  -- Defense Department officials are under a Justice Department order to preserve all e-mails and documents that may be related to the ongoing investigation into leaks to the news media of national security information , a senior Pentagon official confirmed Monday . First on CNN : Intel chief rolls out new measures aimed at plugging leaks "  We are complying with the preservation order , " the official told CNN . Defense Department officials may not delete or destroy any e-mails or documents that might be related to the leak investigation , said the official , who spoke on the condition of not being named . "  You ca n't start shredding , " he observed . Kerry : White House : ` Not involved in leaks The order potentially could cover thousands of civilian and military personnel who work on military intelligence and surveillance programs . It also could include members of the Defense Intelligence Agency and other organizations , such as the National Security Agency , which focus to a large extent on eavesdropping overseas . However , the official said the Justice Department is clear it 's only interested in information related to the current leak investigation . The official said the next step could be for personnel to be interviewed . "  We would certainly expect DoD officials to be interviewed " if they are likely to have information on the leaks , he said . The investigation was sparked by recent leaks of classified information , including the revelation in May that a mole had been working to help thwart a Yemen bomb plot targeting the United States , and the disclosure of the classified drone program in Afghanistan and Pakistan . Opinion : Obama leak ` scandal ' is wildly overblown	"  We are complying with the preservation order , " a senior Pentagon official says The order potentially could cover thousands of civilian and military personnel The official says the next step could be for personnel to be interviewed
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate Judiciary Committee approved the bipartisan "  Gang of Eight " immigration reform bill on Tuesday , sending the measure to the Senate floor for consideration and giving the bill 's backers their first major legislative victory . Members of the Democratic-controlled panel voted 13-5 in favor of the measure . If enacted , the plan would constitute the first overhaul of the nation 's immigration policy since 1986 . "  The dysfunction in our current immigration system affects all of us and it is long past time for reform . I hope that our history , our values , and our decency can inspire us finally to take action , " Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy , D-Vermont , said . Spectators cramming the committee room applauded and cheered loudly following the vote . The panel 's 10 Democrats were joined in supporting the bill by three Republicans : Arizona 's Jeff Flake , South Carolina 's Lindsey Graham , and Utah 's Orrin Hatch . Flake and Graham are two of its four Republican authors . Opinion : ` Rogue ' DHS unions follow Obama 's lead on deportation Both party leaders in the Senate appeared supportive of the effort , a positive sign for backers hoping to win a solid majority in the full chamber . "  I think the ` Gang of Eight ' has made a substantial contribution to moving the issue forward , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  I 'm hopeful we 'll be able to get a bill that we can pass here in the Senate . " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , praised the "  masterful " job of Leahy in navigating roughly 300 proposed amendments and advancing the 844-page bill to the floor . Immigration reform is a priority for both parties in Washington and so far is one example of bipartisanship this year on major legislation in a sharply divided Congress . A key political aim involves Republicans hoping to attract more Hispanics to their side , while Democrats wishing to keep that growing voter bloc squarely in their camp . Latinos voted overwhelmingly for President Barack Obama 's re-election . He congratulated the committee on its work and urged the Senate to bring the bill to the floor at its earliest possible opportunity . "  The legislation that passed the Judiciary Committee with a strong bipartisan vote is largely consistent with the principles of commonsense reform I have proposed and meets the challenge of fixing our broken immigration system , " he said in a statement . "  None of the Committee members got everything they wanted , and neither did I , but in the end , we all owe it to the American people to get the best possible result over the finish line . " The measure approved by the Judiciary panel would create a 13-year path to citizenship for most of the country 's 11 million undocumented immigrants . Bipartisan House immigration talks foundering , Republican warns It aims to strengthen border security while raising the cap on visas for high skilled workers and establishing a new visa program for low skilled workers on America 's farms and elsewhere . Proponents say the change is necessary to permanently and fairly resolve the status of undocumented residents . Critics insist the proposed change amounts to amnesty , rewarding those who chose to break the country 's immigration laws . Sen. Jeff Sessions , R-Alabama , is leading the charge against the "  Gang of Eight " proposal and is a tough critic . He has tried to derail the bill at nearly every turn , arguing that adding millions of newly legalized workers to the mix over the next few years will only hurt the most vulnerable segments of the American work force . He also has raised security and other concerns . "  This will be a hammer blow to the wages and employment opportunities of American workers $ " both immigrant and native born , " Sessions said in a statement after the vote . "  This bill is bad for workers , bad for taxpayers and $ " as immigration officers have pleaded for us to hear $ " a threat to public safety and the rule of law , " he said . In a defeat for backers of expanded gay rights , the committee did not approve a pair of Leahy-sponsored amendments bolstering federal support for bi-national same-sex relationships . Specifically , Leahy had proposed recognizing same-sex marriages in which one spouse is an American , and allowing U.S. citizens to sponsor foreign-born same-sex partners for green cards given proof of a committed relationship . Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , the most prominent Republican in the "  Gang of Eight , " was among those who called Leahy 's amendments a poison pill virtually certain to destroy GOP support for the measure . Immigration bill is Democratic plot , House conservative says Leahy 's amendments could be considered again when the bill is taken up by the full Senate . Doing so , however , would be little more than a symbolic gesture , as the proposals have virtually no chance of winning the 60 votes almost certainly needed to clear the 100-member chamber . Earlier this month , Sen. Richard Durbin , D-Illinois , noted the possibility that an upcoming ruling by the U.S. Supreme Court on the federal Defense of Marriage Act could render the whole issue moot . "  The DOMA ruling could change this whole debate , " Durbin said . "  They could eliminate DOMA and impose obligations on our federal government  relating to  same gender marriage , and that would dramatically change what we 're trying to achieve . " The House is working on its own version of immigration reform .	Senate Judiciary Committee passes "  Gang of Eight " immigration reform bill Measure passes panel in a 13-5 vote , advances to full Senate NEW : President Obama urges Senate to swiftly consider the measure Panel does not approve a pair of gay rights amendments
EW.com  -- Who was the last male monarch who had not previously been Prince of Wales ? Do n't know the answer off the top of your head ? Neither did Arthur Chu , who ended his 11-game winning streak on Jeopardy! Wednesday night when he incorrectly answered the final question of the night . Chu lost to Diana Peloquin , someone who the controversial Jeopardy! star calls "  a bit devious "  in a good way  . We caught up with him over the phone to see how he 's feeling , who his favorite movie villain is , and who he took some selfies with before heading back home to Ohio . What happened -LSB- Wednesday -RSB- night ? Well , I lost . I think Alex Trebek actually pointed it out ; he saw how I was feeling that day . I was really fatigued , and I was sort of losing my mojo . And Diana , to her credit , picked up on the strategy I was using , and she used it herself to great effect . You said she picked up on your strategy  $ " was she the first competitor to do that ? Other people tried to do it , but I think some people were n't prepared to play in a way different than they 'd practiced . Diana had the advantage that she watched me for a whole day before having to play because she was an alternate the day before , and so she had that time to prepare and she 's also a little bit devious . She 's a very clever person , I hope she does well in her future games . You have this title as a Jeopardy! villain , do you remember the first time you saw a mention of that in media ? There was someone who wrote a tweet , I think they were being tongue-in-cheek , they posted a picture of my face and were like , ` This is the face of a Jeopardy! villain , can anyone stop him ? ' And that meme sort of ran out of control . EW : ` Jeopardy! ' champ Arthur Chu 's winning streak ends -- VIDEO You 've humorously embraced that title of villain . Did it get to you at first , or was your initial reaction , "  oh , that 's funny " ? It 's really more of an antihero thing . People are saying , antiheroes are big now , people say I 'm the Walter White of Jeopardy! , or like I was Moneyballing Jeopardy! . It was something that made Jeopardy! different for a while and I think a lot of people appreciated that . There was this awesome video by these Taiwanese animators that shows me as literally a super villain with super powers . I loved that . I said , that justifies this whole media thing by itself . If you could be any TV or movie villain , who would you be ? I always sympathize with Syndrome in The Incredibles because it totally was like , if you do n't have super powers , why not use your brain to try to figure out a way to give yourself super powers ? I do n't see why that 's a bad thing . Ken Jennings might have just been much naturally better than me at Jeopardy! , but should n't we be encouraging people that if you do n't necessarily have the natural talents to exceed at something without trying , than succeed at it by trying . So the fact that The Incredibles showed the bad guy Syndrome as evil because he wanted to give everyone the chance to have super powers , that never sat well with me . I see it from the other perspective : If you can use your brain , and figure out inventions or tricks to compensate for your natural disadvantages , that 's what science is about , that 's what progress is about . So do you have any natural talents ? -LSB- LAUGHS -RSB- There 's no way to get money in Jeopardy! without knowing the answers to questions . But it 's just like any other sport . It 's not just about athletics , it 's about the playbook . Everyone who plays in the NFL is good enough to play in the NFL for the most part , and then it comes down to which team was better coached , which team had the better strategy going into the game , which team used their resources most effectively . And I do n't see a game show as being any different . Who could you tell about your winning streak after the taping ? I ended up telling my family over Christmas , because I had to explain why I could afford to buy my brother a TV . -LSB- LAUGHS -RSB- A lot of my friends said they were sure that I 'd lost on my first episode ; they said they were sure the way I was promoting it , like telling everybody to come watch it with me , like , ` that must have been his only game , he must want people to support him . ' -LSB- LAUGHS -RSB- EW : Public service announcement : It 's time to cram for the ` Jeopardy! ' online test What category would you ace , no question ? -LSB- LAUGHS -RSB- A category on , let 's see , text adventure computer games from the 1980s . I would smoke that category . That 's something I know way too much about compared to how important it is in life , but that 's one of my expert categories . What entertainment are you into , what are you watching ? My wife and I really liked Orange is the New Black , we really liked Alpha House on Amazon , and Betas , also on Amazon . Actually , one of the best things about Betas is this quote , where there 's a character named David Chu , and he says this awesome thing that I wish I 'd thought of it earlier . But this would be my quote for people who do n't like watching me play on Jeopardy! : ` That sounds like a ` you ' problem , like a Chu problem . ' So that 's my tagline . Do you talk to Diana ? I messaged her on Monday , saying , ` are you ready for what the media is going to do to you on Wednseday ? ' because I had n't anticipated the story about me would blow up so big . And she was like , ` No , I have no idea what to do ! I 'm freaking out ! ' And I was like , ` you 'll be fine . ' -LSB- LAUGHS -RSB- What was really cool was that I happened to run into her mom and her best friend in the airport when I was going to fly back to Ohio after the taping and they actually , they had nothing but good things to say . We took some selfies and everything and it was cool . So how are you feeling ? Obviously , I wish I had gone on to be Ken Jennings . But we ca n't all be Ken Jennings . In fact , the evidence suggests most of us ca n't be Ken Jennings . I do n't know how he did it . I like to think I 'm the best mere mortal in Jeopardy! . There 's Dave Madden , then there is Ken Jennings , who is n't human . It 's like if we were doing basketball rankings , I 'd be the best normal basketball player in history and then you 'd have Michael Jordan and you know , Ken Jennings would be like , God or something . You 're like the the Jeopardy! champion of the people , basically . Yeah , yeah . I 've had people say that . They 're like , Ken Jennings seemed like he was n't trying , it seemed like it was easy for him . Whereas for you , this guy was saying to me , for you it seemed like you struggled a lot . So it was much more human , it made me feel like I could do that . And I was like , that 's the message I want to send to people . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Chu ended his 11-game winning streak on Jeopardy! Wednesday night He had been cast as a bit of a villain on the show Says he wishes he had gone on to be Ken Jennings
CNN  Really good people . That 's how Judy Law of Oxford , North Carolina , described her neighbors Jerome Faulkner , 73 , and his wife , Dora , 62 . The couple were found dead Thursday by West Virginia authorities , their bodies hidden under a mattress in a red Chevrolet truck after two police officers were shot and wounded at the scene . "  They kept to themselves , but when someone needed them , they were there , " Law said of the Faulkners . "  I ca n't even begin to understand why something like this happened . " The first sign of something amiss came Thursday morning , when Law woke to sirens and fire trucks congregating about 500 feet up the road at the Faulkners ' home in Oxford . Granville County Fire Marshal Doug Logan said the blaze was set intentionally , destroying the house . Video showed that it left little more than the home 's front steps , its foundation and some scorched framing . The county 's sheriff , Brindell B. Wilkins Jr. , told CNN affiliate WRAL that the Faulkners had been at home when two men came in , set their house ablaze and took off with the couple in their pickup truck . They 'd be found dead hours later . "  Jerome Faulkner  and his wife were good , fine people , " said Logan . "  They were the kind of people that would give you the shirts off their back . "  Why would anyone want to do this to them ? " West Virginia police shot at during traffic stop More than 200 miles to the northwest , two police officers from the town of Lewisburg , West Virginia , pulled over a white Chevrolet SUV with North Carolina plates after learning it had been reported stolen . As the officers were conducting the traffic stop on Interstate 64 , a red Chevrolet truck pulled up alongside them , West Virginia State Police Lt. Michael Baylous said . The driver of the truck then "  pulled a handgun and shot at both officers , " he said . Group : Ambush attacks on officers increase The drivers of both Chevrolets fled . The man behind the wheel of the red truck "  went over the hillside and was eventually taken into custody , " while the other motorist "  drove behind a guardrail on the interstate and hid for a short amount of time , " Baylous said . "  Eventually , he walked up to the interstate and turned himself in to law enforcement without incident , " the State Police lieutenant added . One of the suspects , 21-year-old Eric Campbell , was in the South Regional Jail in Beaver , West Virginia , on Friday , corrections Officer Jonathan Keller said . He is being held on two counts of malicious assault and two counts of attempted homicide , all charges related to the police shootout . His father , Edward Campbell , is now in a West Virginia hospital but will face the same charges , according to Baylous . He said the pair are from Alvin , Texas , a Houston suburb some 1,200 miles from where they were found . "  We believe if the West Virginia police had not have stopped them that this crime spree would have continued on , " said Wilkins , the Granville County sheriff . "  And it 's no telling from the investigation at this point what we 're going to find . " Neighbor of victims : ` It 's senseless ' The West Virginia police officers who the father and son pair allegedly shot and wounded were taken to Greenbrier Valley Medical Center in nearby Ronceverte . Lewisburg Mayor John Manchester said Friday morning that the officers are both doing fine after undergoing minor surgeries . "  I 'm thankful that the officers will make a full recovery , " the mayor said . "  Officers put themselves in dangerous situations every day . You never know what will be following you out the door . " While the Campbells were arrested in the shooting of those two officers , it was not immediately clear what charges the father and son will face in connection with Jerome and Dora Faulkner . Their deaths have already shaken people in Oxford , a tight-knit town of about 8,000 people 30 miles northeast of Durham . Jerome Faulkner was chief of the Cornwall Volunteer Fire Department in Oxford before retiring . One of his two sons , with the Raleigh Fire Department , followed him into the field , according to Logan . Law , for one , is having trouble understanding how something so bad could happen to such good people . "  It 's senseless , " she said . CNN 's Kevin Conlon , Dave Alsup and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Fire marshal : Blaze was intentionally set at victims ' North Carolina house The victims "  would give the shirts off their back , " the fire marshal adds Authorities found their bodies in a truck driven by a man involved in a police shootout
CNN  -- One hot summer morning in Monrovia , Liberia , I came across a group of young men who had been snatched from their classrooms by paramilitary groups and turned into child soldiers . They had been drugged and forced to rape , torture and kill people . At the end of our talk , they said : "  We just want to go back to school . " The oldest was 16 . Educating these youths meant more than imparting knowledge . Information alone would n't satisfy the thirst of these war victims-turned perpetrators . Their faith in education was immense . They thought it would bring meaning to their lives . They wanted to understand what humans are made of , they wanted ethics and wisdom and skills to master acceptance or apply compassion . In short , they wanted their dignity back . And besides crucial economic , peace and health factors , this is what education is all about . Education is the most efficient weapon with which to address the world 's most pressing problems . And as a new analysis released by UNESCO 's Education for All Global Monitoring Report Team demonstrates , education 's transformative power knows no boundaries . Investing in education , especially for girls , result in substantial benefits for their health and productivity . It also increases democratic participation and empowers women , according to the UNESCO report , "  Education Transforms Lives . " The research reveals that if all women had a primary education , child marriages and child mortality could fall by a sixth and maternal deaths by two-thirds . With a visceral instinct to protect their children from harm , mothers work miracles every day to provide their children with education . One day in Uganda , a woman who was dying from AIDS because of an unfaithful husband , told her eldest daughter that she had made her choice . Rather than buy medicine to save her own life  this was before anti-retroviral drugs were widely available and affordable  , she would spend her money to send her daughter to school . She asked her child to become a doctor and help save her people from this devastating disease . Julian Atim , whom I met after her mother had passed away , indeed became a doctor . She created the first alliance of Ugandan health workers to fight HIV in a country where professionals tend to leave in droves and practice abroad for economic reasons . Julian went on to study at Harvard University before returning to the war-torn rural area of northern Uganda , where for the longest time she was one of two doctors serving a population of 300,000 . She did n't only study medicine ; at 35 , she 's also an expert in advocacy and human rights . There are countless mothers like Julian 's out there , and they are everywhere -- mothers for whom education does n't merely prepare one for life , education is life . Yet 57 million children are out of school . This means we are yet to make free and compulsory education a priority . The world leaders who are about to meet at the U.N. General Assembly should do everything in their power to meet this goal now and look at this effort as the safest investment into our common future . Beyond all the conflicts tearing the world apart , it is the human aspiration to learn and grow that might hold us together . Education is our guiding hope . You ca n't change your life if you do n't know how . Education saves lives , averts hunger , promotes tolerance and gives purpose . People overcome impossible odds thanks to education . For example , if all women had secondary school , they would know how to feed their children . They would know the hygiene rules that they should follow . And they would have a stronger voice in the home to ensure proper care . This change would save more than 12 million children from being stunted -- a sign of early childhood malnutrition . Learning gives us the means to lead meaningful lives and a proper education will awaken the desire to benefit others . The difference between a primary and secondary education can improve tolerance towards people of another race by 50 % , according to the UNESCO report . Arguing that we should all get better educated to become better people does n't mean that the need for basic education is n't dire . Recently , on Chime for Change , I published an astonishing story brought to me by journalist Veronique Mistiaen and her colleague , photographer Fjona Hill , about the practice of trokosi in rural Ghana . The trokosi practice calls for virgin girls to be sent to the shrines of fetish gods to pay for crimes committed by one of their relatives . They become living sacrifices , protecting their families from the gods ' wrath . Some stay at the shrines for a few years ; others for life . The young girls become slaves to the priest . They live with a rope tied around their neck , fighting hunger and working from dawn to dusk . The Ghanaian government outlawed the practice in 1998 and over the years about 3,000 of the trokosi slaves have been liberated , but many more have been brought to more remote shrines . A young woman named Millicent Thenkey tried to defend herself but learned the hard way that the law was n't enough to protect her . She had been allowed to go to school while preparing to take her final initiation at Kilkor shrine in Ketu South district . There , she learned that the practice was a violation of human rights . She reported her initiation to the police and took her parents to court -- something no one had dared to do before . But her parents refused to attend the hearing and the police did n't force them , so the case was thrown out of court and Millicent became a slave . As she pursued her investigation , interviewing priests and families , Mistiaen met a priest who told her : "  We just heard that trokosi was against the law and that women were human beings and needed to be treated as equal . We had n't ever heard before that women needed to be treated as equal . " This is how deep the need to educate is . But there is a school now in the area , and the priest admits that education will succeed in eradicating slavery even where the law has failed . "  The new generations are learning new things , reading about the world . I do n't think they will be interested in sitting behind the shrine wearing this hat of mine , " he said . Aristotle thought that an uneducated man was as good as dead . Julian 's mother chose her daughter 's education over her own life . Torgbi Abiaeu , the priest in Ghana , reluctantly admitted the defeat of tradition by education . In all these cases , the conclusion remains the same . It is education that makes life worth living and the best I can wish to anyone is to never stop learning . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mariane Pearl .	UNESCO releases a report that shows education can radically transform people 's lives Mariane Pearl : Education is the most efficient weapon to combat world 's pressing problems She says if all women had a primary education , child mortality could fall by a sixth Pearl : It is education that makes life worth living ; we should all never stop learning
CNN  -- A Massachusetts child rape suspect fled after cutting off his GPS monitoring bracelet , then -- days later -- returned home , beat and tied up his stepfather before stealing his gun and about 200 rounds of ammunition , police say . Gregory Lewis remained at large Saturday , according to Southbridge police , who warn that he "  is still considered armed and dangerous . " The 26-year-old was arrested on August 5 , then arraigned the next day on four felony child rape charges , according to police . He was let go on bail and required to wear a monitoring bracelet . But more than a month later , on September 15 , police learned Lewis severed that bracelet and drove off in his parents ' 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokee , according to Detective Sgt. Carlos Dingui . Authorities announced on Facebook on September 20 -- the same day he was spotted hundreds of miles away in Kentucky -- that the Southbridge resident had fled and was wanted "  for several outstanding felony arrest warrants . " The next reported sighting of Lewis in his hometown -- a community of about 17,000 people located 20 miles southwest of Worcester -- was Thursday , the day of the assault on his stepfather , according to Dingui . "  This gentleman was literally shackled and held in the home , with a metal shackle , " Southbridge police Chief Daniel Charette told CNN affiliate WCVB . Dingui said Lewis handcuffed him to prevent police from being called . Later that night , surveillance images released by police showed Lewis in a convenience store about 30 miles southwest in Vernon , Connecticut . It 's not known where he went next , including whether he was still in New England . The suspect left Southbridge with his stepfather 's Beretta 9mm semiautomatic handgun , according to Dingui . He also took approximately 200 rounds of ammunition . Montana teacher initially given 31 days in rape of student now gets 10 years CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	Gregory Lewis , 26 , was arrested on felony child rape charges , then freed on bail Police : He later cut off his GPS monitoring bracelet , drove off in parents ' Jeep Authorities say Lewis returned to his home , beat and tied up a family member , left with a gun "  Lewis is considered to be extremely dangerous , " police say
CNN  -- Thank you , David Chase , for not changing the ending . Earlier Wednesday , Vox ran a long profile of Chase that quoted him as saying that Tony Soprano , whose fate was left hanging in the show 's famous , sudden cut to black , had lived . The news was , very quickly , everywhere . But it appears that the sphinx-like Chase was taken , perhaps , too literally . In a statement , his publicist said , "  A journalist for Vox misconstrued what David Chase said in their interview . To simply quote David as saying , ` Tony Soprano is not dead , ' is inaccurate . There is a much larger context for that statement and as such , it is not true . "  As David Chase has said numerous times on the record , ` Whether Tony Soprano is alive or dead is not the point . ' To continue to search for this answer is fruitless . The final scene of ` The Sopranos ' raises a spiritual question that has no right or wrong answer . " Glad that 's settled . Seriously . For seven years , viewers have puzzled about the scene that closed out "  The Sopranos . " In that finale , there were ominous portents afoot : a mysterious man in a Members Only jacket , daughter Meadow 's cross against traffic to meet everyone at a restaurant . And Tony , despite having ended therapy with Dr. Melfi and beaten the New York mob , was still gripped by angst . So the cut to black , jarring and in the middle of "  Do n't Stop Believin ' , " was a shock . If we wanted some conclusion about Tony 's life -- whether he lived or died -- it was going to go unresolved . Forever . It was perfect . It was perfect because "  The Sopranos " was as much about the pointless details of life as it was about the classic arcs of storytelling . For every brutal whacking , there was a Russian escaping through the Pine Barrens . For every guilty verdict , there was a guy who did n't get caught . As Matt Zoller Seitz writes in New York magazine , " ` The Sopranos ' was never about ending mysteries , it was about recognizing and exploring the mysteries of everyday life : the mysteries of personality , motivation , conditioning and free will , as expressed through behavior and conversation and action , and as translated into metaphor through fantasies and dreams . " Yeah , maybe the cut to black did n't have the neat resolution of a pulp novel . But thematically it was of a piece with the rest of the series , which was always as much about uncertainty and the struggle for reconciliation as it was about mob justice . For years , Chase has refused to say what happened to Tony . Some critics thought it was his way of telling the viewers who loved the violence -- and ignored the more philosophical aspects of the show -- to go f *** themselves , to borrow a phrase . Chase did n't see it that way . He just thought it was unnecessary . That did n't stop fans from grasping at details as if they 'd wandered into a Dan Brown novel . And this guy spent thousands of words and dozens of clips to arrive at his ultimate conclusion . Listen : Sometimes you die surrounded by loved ones , waiting for the light , exclaiming , "  Oh wow oh wow oh wow . " Sometimes your scarf gets tangled in a car axle and breaks your neck . But , most of the time , you just go on , trying to make sense of it all and never succeeding . Now that Chase has let the pendulum swing once again , let 's hope it keeps swinging . To "  know " the ending of "  The Sopranos " is no more useful than knowing that Rosebud was a sled settles the meaning of "  Citizen Kane . "  Sorry , spoiler alert .  Some things are better left unsettled . Do n't get any ideas , Matt Weiner .	David Chase gives interview in which he talks about end of "  Sopranos " Statement says Chase 's words about Tony living were misconstrued Leaving end unsettled is truer to Chase 's vision
CNN  Famed cosmologist Stephen Hawking has proved his comedy chops on shows like "  The Big Bang Theory , " and now he 's trying his hand at musicals . Hawking has partnered with the silly lads of Monty Python to recreate the signature "  Galaxy Song " from their 1983 film "  The Meaning of Life . " The collabo is in honor of Saturday 's Record Store Day , when the 7-inch single will be available for sale . The accompanying video is guaranteed to be the most awesome thing you see today . In it , fellow scientist Brian Cox rails against the inaccuracies in "  Galaxy Song " when a fed-up Hawking , who has ALS , zooms up in his wheelchair and knocks over Cox . Hawking continues singing the song in his signature computerized voice . Hawking then launches into the stratosphere for a trippy ride and lesson on the cosmos . The scene is derived from a filmed bit that Monty Python uses during its live shows . 40 years of ` Holy Grail ' : The best of Monty Python "  Galaxy Song " song was written by Python member Eric Idle , along with John Du Prez , and is "  an intricate and informative lecture on the enor-mity of the Universe fashioned into a bewitching and , above all , highly amusing pop song , " according to the comedy troupe 's site . Hawking 's version is available for download . It 's not Hawking 's first music gig ; he 's also featured on the Pink Floyd song "  Talkin ' Hawkin . ' " The original version of "  Galaxy Song " is below . A sampling of the lyrics : "  Just remember that you 're standing on a planet that 's evolving and revolving at 900 miles an hour . That 's orbiting at 19 miles a second so it 's reckoned . A sun that 's the source of all our power . The sun and you and me and all the stars that we can see are moving at 1 million miles a day . In an outer spiral arm at 40,000 miles an hour of the galaxy we call the Milky Way . "	Stephen Hawking is a famed cosmologist and mathematician He sings Monty Python 's "  Galaxy Song " in a hilarious new video
CNN  -- Not everyone wishes others well in fulfilling their New Year 's resolutions . Giyen Kim has gone from 190 to 186 pounds in four weeks . A doctor says that 's "  very reasonable . " On a video that Giyen Kim recently posted on iReport.com about her frustration with trying to lose weight , one user commented , "  Who cares how much you have lost you are still a fat a ** . Stop eating and go to the gym . " In the past , Kim might have cried and turned to a pint of ice cream for comfort , she reflected . But this time , she hit the gym -- a reaction she views as a revelation . "  I think that when you are doing what you need to be doing , things like that do n't matter , " she said . See Kim talk about losing weight Kim , 34 , is one of many CNN readers who are using CNN 's iReport.com to share frequent updates of progress on their New Year 's resolutions . iReport.com : Share your journey to change Kim started out at 190 pounds on January 1 with the intention of losing about a pound or two a week throughout the year . Lately she has been cooking more for herself and trying to stay away from foods that have refined carbohydrates . She also tries to eat one vegan meal every day , but still occasionally indulges in bacon , the namesake for her blog Bacon is My Enemy . She exercises six days a week , mostly cardio , but wants to work on strength training and resistance training . She would also like to take step classes . So far she 's shed four pounds in four weeks , but the pace feels slow compared with her diet regimens in the past , she said . She found that those extreme diet plans were not realistic options in the long run for maintaining a comfortable weight . Still , Kim maintains a positive outlook on her situation . "  No matter if you get derailed , if you just pick yourself up again and get back on track , it makes a big difference , " she said . "  If you 're in a place of feeling good about yourself , regardless of how your self-image has been in the past , it propels you to go forward . " Dr. Melina Jampolis , a physician nutrition specialist from San Francisco , California , said losing a pound per week is very reasonable . At most , Kim could probably lose an additional half-pound to pound a week , "  but any more than that and she would probably be losing water weight and muscle , " Jampolis said . Jampolis recommends that Kim keep a daily journal of what she eats , and review it to see where she might be able to cut 50 to 100 calories , and where there might be hidden calories in her diet . Kim should also make sure she is varying the intensity , duration , and type of workout , Jampolis said . "  As she loses weight and becomes more fit , she is burning fewer calories doing the same thing , so it is critical to change things up , " Jampolis said . But generally Kim 's current pace is great -- "  At that rate , she will be down another 20 pounds by summer ! " Jampolis said . As far as Kim 's professional goals , she has secured an interim position at a non-profit organization , and continues to do video blogs for Momversation.com . The market for freelance writers is tough , particularly with many newspapers struggling , she said . Still , Kim is optimistic about following her dream to become a writer . "  I 'm not optimistic about our economic future as a country , but as far as me and my journey to find happiness , and accomplish some of these goals that I 've had -- weight loss and following my writing passion -- absolutely , I 'm still really positive about it , " she said .	iReporter Giyen Kim has been losing a pound per week since the start of 2009 She exercises six days a week , eats one vegan meal per day Dr. Melina Jampolis says a pound a week is a reasonable pace Share your journey to change with iReport.com
Cairo  CNN  -- A few hundred protesters gathered Friday in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , calling for a civil state and an end to military rule . The rally began after iftar , the evening meal that marks the breaking of the fast during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan , and was organized by Egyptian activists , political groups and a few of the country 's Sufi orders . It was a protest meant not only to highlight the importance of unity , but also to contrast the message of a massive demonstration that took place in the same location in late July -- one that had brought out tens of thousands of Islamists demanding the implementation of Islamic law in Egypt . During Friday 's rally , many participants chanted slogans such as , "  No terrorism , no sectarianism , Egypt is a civil state , " "  Peaceful , peaceful " , and "  Down with military rule . " Egyptian Sufi leader Alaa Eddin Abu el-Azayem , who addressed the crowd later in the evening , told his audience , "  An Egyptian civil state is the only choice for Egypt . " Sufism is a mystical branch of Islam . Brief clashes broke out earlier between protesters and security forces -- at one point both sides were throwing rocks and bottles at one another . Calm was restored a few moments later . Last Friday , a non-violent protest in Tahrir Square quickly turned chaotic , as the demonstrators were chased by military through surrounding streets .	Friday 's protest was meant to contrast one in late July Then , demonstrators demanded implementation of Islamic law in Egypt Protesters Friday changed "  Egypt is a civil state " and "  Down with military rule "
CNN  -- A California man convicted of the 2006 arson murders of five U.S. Forest Service firefighters was sentenced to death Friday . Raymond Lee Oyler was sentenced Friday to die for the arson murders of five firefighters . Raymond Lee Oyler , 38 , of Beaumont was convicted in March of five counts of first-degree murder . The convictions included two special circumstances : that the murders were committed during an arson and that multiple murders were committed . Oyler also was convicted of 11 counts of arson and 10 counts of use of an incendiary device in those arsons . The imposition of the death penalty by a judge was a formality . A jury earlier recommended capital punishment for Oyler . Watch as Oyler 's sentence is read " Firefighters Mark Loutzenhiser , 44 ; Jess McLean , 27 ; Jason McKay , 27 ; and Daniel Hoover-Najera , 20 , died October 26 , 2006 , during the Esperanza fire outside Los Angeles . Fueled by Santa Ana winds , the wildfire enveloped their engine . The fifth firefighter , Pablo Cerda , 23 , died October 31 , 2006 , at Arrowhead Regional Medical Center , where he had been taken after suffering burns over 90 percent of his body . Days before being charged in Esperanza fire , Oyler had been arrested and charged with two counts of arson in a June 2006 fire in the Banning Pass area . The 41,173-acre Esperanza fire destroyed 34 homes and 20 outbuildings , mainly in the Twin Pines and Poppet Flats areas , which had been under mandatory evacuations . The firefighters died trying to protect a partially built house in Twin Pines , a rural mountain community . CNN 's Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report .	Raymond Oyler formally handed death sentence for five firefighter deaths Jury convicted Oyler of five counts of first-degree murder , 11 counts of arson 2006 fire outside Los Angeles , California , killed the five firefighters Esperanza fire destroyed 34 homes in Twin Pines area outside Los Angeles
Fes , Morocco  CNN  -- Fes is Morocco 's oldest city , and in many ways , it feels like a window on history . It 's home to the world 's largest , living medieval settlement , as well as to thousands of professionals dedicated to keeping the flame of traditional craftsmanship alive . A champion of antiquity , Fes shows off its old-world charm to all who visit . City within a city The oldest section of Fes is the walled settlement , or medina , of Fes El Bali . Originally built in the 9th century , the area comprises a twisted network of alleys and souks too narrow for cars . The medina 's 100,000 residents navigate the streets on donkeys and mules . The old town has 11,000 historic buildings , including the 14th century Bab el Guissa Mosque and the University of Karueein -- the oldest continuously operating university in the world . " -LSB- The medina -RSB- is a mix of many kinds of details that belong to different periods historically , " says Alaa Sadi , an Iraqi architect who has renovated a 15th century riad , or traditional house , in Fes . "  Here , there 's plaster work you can see in Egypt and Babylon ; it is very old . " Preserving craftsmanship Though Fes El Bali is a UNESCO heritage site , it 's fallen into disrepair over the centuries . About 4,000 buildings , including private homes , are in near ruin . To combat the damage , the Moroccan government is investing around $ 40 million in renovation projects . "  The medina is like a big museum ; you can not touch anything there without respect , " says Sadi . "  What it needs is a group of people to take responsibility of preserving its architectural features . " Restoration is n't straight-forward . Often , traditional craftsman need to be called in to ensure buildings are properly restored . The Bab el Guissa Mosque , for example , needed to be repaired following a renovation gone wrong in the 60s . "  We found that the roof had been repaired with concrete . We had to remove all the concrete and restore the roof with the original cedar wood , " recalls Fouad Serghini , the director general of Ader-Fes , a government agency dedicated the old city 's rehabilitation . "  In general , our method of restoration uses the same materials we used in the past . " Hide tanning In Fes , there 's no shortage of traditional artisans  at last count , the city boasted 40,000  . Perhaps one of the most iconic sites is that of the city 's tanneries , including the 11th century Chouara Tannery . Artisans there have been using the same methods to wash , tread and dye animal skins for thousands of years . "  The artisans are the ones who keep this city alive . Without them , I believe Fes would have been gone a long time ago , " says Ibrahim Mouhib , a 24-year old fashion designer who incorporates traditionally reared leather and textiles in his work . To ensure traditional craftsmanship never disappears , an artisan school called Cfqma Fes Crafts opened five years ago just outside the medina walls . There , 150 master craftsman teach the next generation of artisans a range of 25 different crafts . "  It is very difficult to find apprentices who have the ability and the desire to choose these crafts , because they are very difficult . It takes a lot of time for an apprentice to learn these professions , " says Aziz El Ouahbi , the center 's marketing manager . Aziz envisions not only preserving these ancient crafts , but one day creating an industry for them in the international arena . "  We can develop the image of the artisans and import their work abroad , " he says . Interactive : Morocco 's best food Daisy Carrington contributed to this story from London	Fes is Morocco 's oldest city In the old town , locals get around with donkeys and mules The old town houses 11,000 historic buildings , including the oldest university
CNN  UPDATE : Jonathan Hyla said in an phone interview Monday that his interview with Cate Blanchett was mischaracterized when an edited version went viral around the Web last week . "  She was n't upset , " he told CNN . "  When you watch the entire interview in the full context , you can see she instigates a lot of the ridiculousness that ensues in the interview . " Blanchett ended the interview laughing , Hyla said , and "  she was in on the joke . " This article has been updated and includes the unedited interview . If you 're going to interview Cate Blanchett , please have some good questions prepared . Blanchett was talking to Jonathan Hyla of the Australian TV show "  The Project " in conjunction with "  Cinderella , " but Hyla 's offbeat questions led to an awkward few minutes . Hyla thought he 'd begin the interview on a casual note , saying Blanchett would be a good person to have a beer with . Blanchett was having none of it . "  This date is not going well ; I do not drink beer , " she responded . After some more back-and-forth , with an apparently sometimes testy , sometimes punchy Blanchett trying to steer the topic of conversation back to the film , Hyla finally tried another angle . "  How were you able to get that cat to do what you wanted  it  to do on a leash ? " he asked about a cat Blanchett 's nasty stepmother has in the film . "  I tried to put my girlfriend 's cat on a leash , and it just never works for me . " That was enough for Blanchett . "  That 's your question ? That 's your f *** ing question ? " she asked . She stood up and awkwardly presented her hand . The interview was over . Hyla took it well . He later posted that it was "  the best worst interview I 've ever done . " Hyla later tweeted the unedited interview after an edited version went viral .	A Cate Blanchett interview goes awry The interviewer tries to ask Blanchett casual questions But "  Cinderella " star seemingly does n't take well to one of them
CNN  -- Comedian Joan Rivers died in a New York hospital Thursday afternoon , a week after suffering cardiac arrest during a medical procedure , her daughter said . "  She passed peacefully at 1:17 p.m. surrounded by family and close friends , " Melissa Rivers said in a written statement . The funeral for Rivers will be at Temple Emanu-El in Manhattan on Sunday , according to temple spokeswoman Elizabeth Fezrine . Details , including the time and if the public will be allowed to attend , are not yet known , she said . Joan Rivers : A pointed , pioneering comedian Rivers , 81 , had been on life support at Manhattan 's Mount Sinai hospital , where she was taken after she stopped breathing at the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic last Thursday . Rivers was undergoing an apparently minor elective procedure at the clinic when she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest , according to the New York Fire Department . Paramedics took her by ambulance to Mount Sinai Hospital , about a mile from the clinic , where she was initially listed in critical condition . The outpatient clinic is now being investigated by the New York State Department of Health , spokesman James O'Hara said . Joan Rivers : In her own words Her death also has triggered an investigation by the New York medical examiner 's office , its spokeswoman , Julie Bolcer , told CNN . "  The cause and manner of death will be announced at some point , " she said . The Rivers family made very little information about her medical condition public , finally confirming Tuesday that she was on life support . "  My son and I would like to thank the doctors , nurses , and staff of Mount Sinai Hospital for the amazing care they provided for my mother , " her daughter said . "  Cooper and I have found ourselves humbled by the outpouring of love , support , and prayers we have received from around the world . They have been heard and appreciated . ' Melissa Rivers and her son Cooper have spent the past week by Rivers ' hospital bedside , rushing there last Thursday when they learned of her illness . ` My mother 's greatest joy in life was to make people laugh , " Melissa Rivers said . "  Although that is difficult to do right now , I know her final wish would be that we return to laughing soon . " Share your memories The clinic has not responded to repeated calls from CNN about the state 's investigation . Yorkville Endoscopy 's website says it is an "  ambulatory surgical center " that has been "  approved by the Department of Health . " The description of its accreditations is blank . "  Yorkville Endoscopy is a state of the art facility , staffed by highly experienced endoscopists whose mission is to provide safe and compassionate care to patients and their families , " the website says . Tributes from Joan 's friends Tributes to Rivers and her long career included one from former first lady Nancy Reagan , whose close circle of friends included Rivers . "  Joan Rivers was not only a dear friend , but one of the kindest and funniest people I ever knew , " Reagan said . "  I doubt there 's anyone who has n't laughed at her or with her until they cried . Today our tears are those of sadness . I know I join millions in saying , ` Thanks for the good times Joan , we will truly miss you . ' My love and deepest sympathy go to Melissa and Cooper . " Former CNN host Larry King knew Rivers for 45 years . "  She knew no boundaries , " King said . "  Everything was funny to her . You could n't really object because she took no prisoners . " Hollywood mourns a friend Donald Trump , who chose her as the winner on a season of "  Celebrity Apprentice , " said Rivers "  was stronger at the end than she was at the beginning . She had unbelievable stamina . " Ryan Seacrest , who worked with her on E! shows , called Rivers "  a trailblazer in so many ways . " Liza Minnelli said Rivers was "  my dear friend . " "  I will miss her but I will always remember the laughter and friendship she brought into my life , " Minnelli said . Opinion : Joan Rivers gave misfit girls permission to dream E! and NBCUniversal , producers of Rivers ' TV show "  Fashion Police , " sent condolences to her family on "  this incredibly sad day . " "  For decades Joan has made people laugh , shattered glass ceilings and revolutionized comedy , " the studio said . "  She was unapologetic and fiercely dedicated to entertaining all of us and has left an indelible mark on the people that worked with her and on her legions of fans . She 's been a much beloved member of the E! family for over 20 years and the world is less funny without her in it . Today our hearts are heavy knowing Joan will not be bounding through the doors . " People we 've lost in 2014 See more about the people of comedy at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Marisa Marcellino , Susan Candiotti and Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	New York medical examiner 's office will investigate Rivers ' death Joan Rivers ' funeral will be at Temple Emanu-El in Manhattan on Sunday She was undergoing a procedure at clinic , she suffered cardiac and respiratory arrest Rivers , 81 , had been on life support at Manhattan 's Mount Sinai hospital
New York  CNN  -- A motorcyclist has been charged with pulling a driver from his SUV and beating him in a clash with bikers on a Manhattan roadway that was captured on video , New York authorities said Saturday . Kaliq Douglas , 27 , of Brooklyn , did not enter a plea during his arraignment on allegations of gang assault and assault with intent to cause bodily injury , according to the Manhattan District Attorney 's Office . The case brings to eight the number of people charged in the case , NYPD spokeswoman Annette Markowski said . Authorities say Alexander Lien was chased by bikers after he initially bumped one during a biker rally on September 29 . When his SUV was surrounded by several bikers , Lien called 911 , told police he feared for his life and drove off , running over bikers and critically injuring one . Lien 's wife and 2-year-old daughter were in the vehicle with him . Lien has not been charged . The chase that followed ended in traffic . Police say Lien 's windows were smashed . He was dragged out of the SUV and beaten . He was treated and released from a hospital . A judge set bond for Douglas at $ 25,000 , according to the district attorney 's office . The NYPD , which has appealed for the public 's help in identifying people in photos , has n't ruled out more arrests or charges . The beating went viral after a video of the incident was posted online . Of those arrested , at least three have been indicted by a grand jury . Three NYPD officers are under investigation for allegedly waiting several days to tell their superiors they were at a rally where the SUV driver was beaten and kicked . Outlaws or stunt artists ? Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Kaliq Douglas , 27 , of Brooklyn makes his first court appearance Douglas is charged with gang assault in the September 29 incident Alexander Lien was chased by bikers after he hit one during a rally Video shows Lien being dragged out of the SUV and beaten
CNN  -- A first half goal from Milan Jovanovic gave Serbia a shock 1-0 win over 10-man Germany at the World Cup on Friday to throw Group D wide open . Germany suffered an early blow in Port Elizabeth when leading striker Miroslav Klose was sent off for his second yellow card , shortly before Jovanovic fired Serbia in front . Lukas Podolski then saw his second half penalty , given following a handball by Nemanja Vidic , blocked by Serbian goalkeeper Vladimir Stojkovic . The result was perennial challengers Germany 's first defeat at the group stage of a World Cup tournament since 1986 , when then-West Germany were beaten by Denmark . That year , the three-times world champions went on to reach the final . It also marked the latest setback for the tournament 's traditional giants following Switzerland 's win over Spain and Mexico 's win over France . German coach Joachim Loew admitted it was a big setback for his team . "  We had a lot of problems , the double yellow card for Klose , they got the first goal , then we failed to score from the penalty spot -- all in all it was difficult to come to terms with all this , " he told AFP . "  We 're devastated of course but I 'm still confident we will go through to the last 16 . we have our fate in our own hands still and a good goal difference . " The result lifts Serbia 's chances of qualifying from group D following their 1-0 defeat by Ghana in their opening game . They are now tied with Germany on three points following the Germans ' 4-0 win over Australia . A win for Ghana over Australia on Saturday would put the west African side firmly on course for a place in the last 16 -- while a win for Australia would leave all four teams tied on three points Match winner Jovanovic turned in Nikola Zigic 's header from close range following good work down the right by the impressive Milos Krasic on 38 minutes . Two minutes earlier , Germany had been reduced to 10 men when Klose picked up his second yellow card of the game for a clumsy challenge on Dejan Stankovic . Klose , who is chasing Brazilian striker Ronaldo 's record of 15 goals in World Cup tournaments , had earlier been booked for catching Branislav Ivanovic 's ankles , and suspension will now rule him out of Germany 's final group game against Ghana on June 23 . But Klose appeared to be a victim of some fussy refereeing by Spanish official Alberto Undiano Mallenco , with seven other players also picking up bookings for minor offences . Germany came close to equalizing in the last minute of the half following a series of corners when Sami Khedira slammed a shot against the bar but Serbia 's defenders scrambled away the rebound . Serbia , one of Europe 's most impressive sides in World Cup qualifying , had seemed happy to concede possession and defend deep in the early stages with German midfielders Khedira and Mehsut Ozil struggling to find space in the center . Podolski flashed an early volley wide of the Serbian goal and Thomas Mueller combined neatly with Bastian Schweinsteiger on 30 minutes to play in Klose , but the German striker was called offside before putting the ball into the net . Serbia 's main threat came from Krasic down the right , with Holger Badstuber and Philipp Lahm both picking up bookings for fouls on the CSKA Moscow midfielder . Aleksandar Kolarov went close from the second of those , clipping a freekick from the edge of the penalty area just wide of the post . Germany pressed hard for an equalizer early in the second half and looked to be back in the game when Serbian defender Nemanja Vidic was punished for a handball in the penalty area in a virtual repeat of the incident that saw his side concede a penalty in their opening defeat by Ghana . But Podolski 's low shot was solidly blocked by goalkeeper Vladimir Stojkovic diving to his left . Podolski had already twice gone close , flashing a shot across the goal from Ozil 's defense-splitting pass and then shooting into the side netting after being set up by the same player . Serbia almost increased their lead on 66 minutes when the ever dangerous Krasic cut in from the left to set up Jovanovic but the striker 's low placed shot bounced to safety off the inside of the post . Zigic then glanced the top of the bar with a header , again from a cross from the right by Krasic .	Milan Jovanovic scores for Serbia from close range in first half German striker Miroslav Klose sent off for second yellow card Serbian goalkeeper Stojkovic saves Lukas Podolski 's second half penalty Loss is Germany 's first defeat in World Cup group stage since 1986
CNN  -- The village of Iitate in Japan 's Fukushima prefecture was once home to 6,000 people . Today , however , it is essentially a ghost town , evacuated after the accident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant just 25 miles  40 kilometers  away following the Tohoku earthquake in March 2011 . While former residents can return to Iitate during the day , it 's still an eerie scene -- children 's toys lie abandoned in yards , bicycles rust on front porches and only an occasional truck passes through its quiet streets . For elderly couple Yukio and Masayo Nakano the last 20 months have not been easy . Yukio lived had lived in his home in the village for more than 60 years , moving in just after World War Two . "  I ca n't describe it . It 's hard living in the temporary housing , and it 's very stressful mentally , " he says . The difficult situation has also taken its toll on his wife Masayo . "  I 'm lonely . We 're getting old , " she says . "  I think every day how long I can survive in this situation . " Only one building -- the town 's nursing home -- has permanent residents . Following consultation with their families and the Japanese government , the 80 or so people living there were allowed to stay despite the evacuation order . Miyoko Sato , a former Iitate resident who left after the nuclear accident , returns to work there each week for a very simple reason . "  These people will stay here for the rest of their life , " she says . "  And I cherish them just like a family member . But I do n't know if our village will be able to come back anytime soon . " However some are trying to make the village inhabitable for all : crews who have the hazardous task of trying to clean up from one of the worst nuclear accidents the world has ever seen . They perform repetitive tasks -- wiping down buildings with damp cloths , and using high pressure hoses to clean drainage systems along the streets . Workers are also clearing a layer of top soil in Iitate , as well as the numerous other affected areas of Fukushima prefecture . But it 's an endless task , as it 's a region that 's roughly the size of greater Tokyo . So far , it 's not clear what the government intends to do with the countless bags of contaminated dirt . Some critics , including experts on radiation , call the government 's clean-up efforts "  meaningless " and say that using high pressure hoses simply spreads the radiation . Others contend that wiping down a building with a wet rag is pointless , particularly when the wind blows from the nearby forest which is still contaminated . Iitate 's Mayor , Norio Kanno , has heard those arguments but insists they have to start somewhere . "  We have a responsibility to clean up and decontaminate this land . I ca n't accept the idea that we give up . And it 's hard for some people to just start a new life elsewhere , " he says . Yukio Nakano remains hopeful that he and his wife can return to their home one day . "  But we do n't know when that will happen . It 's hard to predict our future , " he says .	Japanes village evacuated after meltdown of rectors at Fukushima Daiichi power plant Former residents can return during the day only Clean up efforts are pain-stakingly done by hand Many are critical that the clean-up is ineffective
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Most Americans know of the Zapruder film of the JFK assassination -- the one and only visual recording of the killing of an American president . Less known is another controversial recording -- this one an audio tape -- of the other Kennedy assassination , that of the president 's younger brother . It is the one and only sound tape of the RFK murder in 1968 . Sen. Robert F. Kennedy was fatally shot in a Los Angeles hotel while making his own bid for the White House five years after President John F. Kennedy 's murder . That long-forgotten sound recording -- uncovered by a CNN International senior writer and highlighted on CNN BackStory in 2009 -- is now at the heart of an ongoing court effort by convicted RFK assassin Sirhan Sirhan to win a new trial or freedom . In their first in-depth court filing , prosecutors this month addressed the existence of the tape and a controversial analysis of it by an audio expert : the sounds of 13 shots can be counted on the tape , even though there were only eight bullets in Sirhan 's sole gun , which he had no opportunity to reload . So , was there a second gunman involved in RFK 's assassination ? Just as the Zapruder film raised questions in some theorists ' minds about whether a second gunman was involved in JFK 's death , the audio tape is being used as evidence in Sirhan 's new legal effort to assert a second assassin was involved in RFK 's murder . In documents filed this month in federal court , California Attorney General Kamala Harris acknowledged the existence of the recording of the RFK shooting made by freelance reporter Stanislaw Pruszynski , who was covering Kennedy 's presidential campaign and was about 40 feet away from the hotel kitchen pantry shooting . Acoustic expert Philip Van Praag , featured in the CNN BackStory program , said his analysis of the tape concluded that at least 13 shots were fired . That meant a second gun had to be involved , according to his analysis . In her overall legal argument , Harris dismissed the second-gun assertion , citing "  debunking " evidence . But California 's top prosecutor was finally forced to engage the second-gun analysis , and that legal development marked a new chapter in one of America 's great political tragedies -- RFK 's death -- and the case of the man convicted of his assassination , according to Sirhan 's attorneys . RFK assassin faces parole board Prosecutors ' engagement of the second-gun argument was stated clearly in court papers , when the California attorney general said about Sirhan 's petition : "  Petitioner at most has shown that , according to Van Praag , two guns could be heard firing 13 shots in an audiotape of the shooting . " At another point , Harris stated : "  The mere possibility that more than one firearm was discharged during the assassination does not dismantle the prosecution 's case . " Convicted RFK assassin denied parole William F. Pepper , a New York attorney now representing Sirhan , said this month 's court filing raised public "  recognition " of a second gunman now being advanced by Sirhan and his attorneys . Mindful of a nation 's pain surrounding the Kennedy assassinations , Pepper is careful to note he was a political supporter of RFK in the 1960s . He adds that in 1999 , he represented Rev. Martin Luther King 's family in a wrongful death lawsuit concerning King 's April 4 , 1968 , murder and successfully persuaded a Memphis , Tennessee , jury to find Lloyd Jowers responsible as an accomplice in the King assassination . Pepper believes Sirhan was hypno-programmed to be a diversion gunman for the real assassin in RFK 's murder . "  What is of interest is that there now seems to be more recognition of the fact that there was a second shooter , well positioned to put three bullets into the Senator from close powder burn range behind him , whilst Sirhan was always some distance in front of him , " Pepper said in an e-mail to CNN . Sirhan 's insistence on the presence of a second gunman is highly controversial -- and it is questioned by some , such as legal expert Robert Shapiro , the defense attorney who gained prominence for successfully defending O.J. Simpson in the 1990s . Sirhan seeks prison release In fact , when Shapiro was in his last year of Loyola Law School in Los Angeles in 1968 , he was at the Ambassador Hotel where RFK was shot . Shapiro had just heard Kennedy 's speech after winning the California primary for the Democratic presidential nomination , but Shapiro said he was in a room next to the pantry where Kennedy was fatally wounded and Shapiro only heard , not saw , the gunfire , he said . "  So let 's say that there was a second gun . Does that relieve him of any responsibility ? " Shapiro said of Sirhan . "  Even if there is a second , third or fourth gun , it 's irrelevant to his claim that he 's not responsible . " Shapiro remembers the night of RFK 's assassination as "  horrifying and one that you 'll never forget . " "  That 's like 44 years ago . Unbelievable . I remember it vividly , " Shapiro said . "  I think about it now when I go by there and see a school being built there , " on the site of the old Ambassador Hotel . "  It 's interesting , but conspiracy theories will come out on every single case imaginable , " he added . Shapiro is n't a party in the latest court action . In rebutting Sirhan 's contentions , Harris criticizes the method of analysis used by the acoustic expert . "  As reflected in Van Praag 's declaration , his conclusions depend on numerous assumptions he made in recreating the shooting , such as the location of Pruszynski 's recorder , the make and model of the ` second ' gun , the location of this second gun during the shooting , and the number of shots fired by petitioner before he was grabbed by others , " Harris wrote in court papers . Prosecutors rebut jailed RFK assassin 's claims in freedom quest "  Moreover , Van Praag 's tests necessarily involved his own personal interpretation of whether impulse sounds in the recording were actually gunshots . In turn , there is no dispute herein that Van Praag 's interpretation or opinion about the number of shots and firearms is not universally accepted by acoustics experts and that the opinions of qualified experts are available to rebut or challenge Van Praag 's controversial opinions , " Harris said . Harris further stated that even if it could be proven "  that a second gunman successfully shot Senator Kennedy ,  Sirhan  would still be guilty of the charged crimes " under California law . Countering that , Sirhan 's defense argues he was hypno-programmed to be the diversion , and that is based on a psychological examination by Daniel Brown , an associate clinical professor in psychology at Harvard Medical School who has interviewed Sirhan for 60 hours over three years , Pepper said . "  The inescapable conclusion was that Sirhan was subject to hypno-programming which involved the use of drugs and hypnosis , " Pepper said in an e-mail . "  Consequently , he was not in control of his actions on that night and can not be legally responsible for them . "  I mention , as well , that Dan Brown 's conclusion was precisely the same as that of Dr.  Edward  Simson-Kallas , who extensively examined and worked with Sirhan when he was in prison right after the trial , " Pepper said . Simson-Kallas was a prison psychologist , according to court papers . "  That these techniques were developed and used by the CIA over a 50-year period was also well documented , in our brief , by Professor Alan Scheflin , the leading expert on these practices , " Pepper wrote to CNN . Scheflin , of the Santa Clara University School of Law , is an expert in the field of mind and behavior control . Because Sirhan was under the mind control of conspirators , he was n't legally responsible for his actions , and he should be freed or given a new trial , his attorneys contend . The attorney general , however , said the psychological evaluation of Sirhan is undermined by a failure to provide "  any concrete evidence ... about when , where and how  Sirhan  was programmed , about the identity of the ` malevolent hypnotist , ' or about how the hypnotist happened to find  Sirhan  as his or her ideal subject for mind control . "  Without any independent evidence that  Sirhan  was actually hypno-programmed against his will to write about his intention to kill Senator Kennedy , to plan the murder , and to shoot Senator Kennedy on June 5 , 1968 , Brown 's opinions about the possibility of mind control are insufficient evidence of actual innocence , " Harris wrote . Sirhan and his legal team have until February 22 to file in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles their response to the attorney general , Pepper said . Was there a second RFK shooter ?	California attorney general responds in-depth for the first time to an audio tape of RFK 's shooting Convicted assassin Sirhan was hypno-programmed to be a diversion for real gunman , his lawyers say A long-lost audio tape belonging to a reporter reveals a second gun , an expert says
HONG KONG , China  CNN  -- The global "  war on terror " ca n't be won if people are living in "  desperate " conditions , Archbishop Desmond Tutu told CNN . Archbishop Desmond Tutu says "  war on terror " will be thwarted by poverty , disease and ignorance . "  You can never win a war against terror as long as there are conditions in the world that make people desperate -- poverty , disease , ignorance , et cetera , " the Nobel laureate said . Tutu is in Hong Kong , where he is due to give a lecture on conflict resolution , reconciliation and forgiveness . He said the disparity between the rich and poor in parts of the world causes instability and insecurity , but added that he was hopeful the relationship between the two was becoming clear . "  I think people are beginning to realize that you ca n't have pockets of prosperity in one part of the world and huge deserts of poverty and deprivation and think that you can have a stable and secure world , " he said . The former head of South Africa 's Anglican church is an advocate of reconciliation , and he often speaks out against violence and is a frequent critic of human rights abusers . Tutu also discussed with CNN the military junta in Myanmar , formerly Burma . Tutu described the rulers of that southeastern Asian county as "  a military dictatorship that is running dead scared of a woman . " He was referring to fellow Nobel Prize winner Aung San Suu Kyi , a leading dissident and pro-democracy activist there . Aung San Suu Kyi 's politics have led to her being held in varying degrees of detention off and on since 1989 . "  The fact of the matter is she has nothing except her moral authority , " said Tutu , adding that he believed recent street protests against the junta could signal an end to military rule . Tutu was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1984 for his vocal opposition and leadership against South Africa 's apartheid system -- a government-sanctioned policy of racial separation which ended in 1994 . E-mail to a friend	Tutu : Global "  war on terror " ca n't be won if people in "  desperate " conditions Archbishop tells CNN poverty , disease , ignorance fueling conflict Nobel laureate says Myanmar government "  running scared "
Thought your fingerprint was secure ? Think again . The unique pattern on the tip of your fingers can easily be copied and used to access your most personal information . As PIN numbers and passwords prove redundant in protecting data , tech companies are looking to convert bodily features into secure identity authenticators . Bionym , the Toronto-based biometrics technology company , have introduced The Nymi -- a wristband that measures heartbeats to authenticate identity . Its embedded sensor reads the electrical pulses produced by your heartbeat , which is unique to each of us . "  You leave your fingerprints everywhere - you actually leave this impression which can be copied , " said Karl Martin , CEO and founder of Bionym . "  In the future , you go into a store , you go to the terminal , you tap with your wrist and that 's it . You do n't actually have to go through any of the friction of pulling out a credit card . Your name pops up when you get to the ATM - you do n't have to enter a card or a pin because it knows who you are , " he added . A future filled with devices that automatically recognize who you are may seem a bit daunting , however , as hackers become more successful in accessing personal information , these smart devices look to save users a lot of hassle . "  Our vision of the future is essentially everything that can be intelligent will be personalized to you , and will behave differently based on who 's there . " says Martin This new world of smart devices and the "  Internet of Things " is a far cry from the past where anti-virus applications were the only way to keep hackers out . Now , such software is child 's play for those eager to get a hold of our information . "  In the old world it was all about keeping your data in the center of a network and building walls as high as you could with firewall , antivirus , all these boundary controls , " said Alastair Paterson , CEO of Digital Shadows , a cyber-threat intelligence company . "  Today 's world just does n't work like that anymore , " he added .	Fingerprints are left everywhere and passwords can easily be hacked Technology firm Bionym have introduced a wristband that authenticates your heartbeat Transactions will be fluid as devices , banks and stores will instantly recognize who you are
CNN  -- Chris Rock is best known for two things : being funny and being crass . "  If you 're the president you only have two jobs : peace and money , " Chris Rock said . "  This is what people come to see . I 'm just doing my show , " the comedian said with a laugh . He 's also known for his political commentary , but there 's one person he 's having a lot of trouble making fun of -- president-elect Barack Obama . This is apparent in his new DVD "  Kill the Messenger , " which combines three shows from his international tour : New York ; London , England ; and Johannesburg , South Africa . "  It was a tour nobody wanted to do ... because the general perception is that comedy does n't translate , " Rock said . But thanks to the Internet , the world is a lot smaller than it was even 10 years ago . And people are digging the same jokes , he said , including ones about John McCain and Sarah Palin . As the DVD readies for release on January 20 , CNN talked with Rock about his lack of Obama jokes , Inauguration Day and why racism will never die . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : I watched the special last night , and I noticed that you did a lot of jokes about John McCain -- his age , his war hero story -- but not so many about Barack Obama . Is it harder to make fun of Obama ? Chris Rock : He 's just one of those guys , you know , like Will Smith . There 's no Will Smith jokes . There 's no Brad Pitt jokes . You know , what are you going to say ? "  Ooh , you used to have sex with Jennifer Anniston . Now you have sex with Angelina Jolie . You 're such a loser . " What do you say ? "  Ooh , your movies are big . You make $ 20 million . " There 's nothing to say about Brad Pitt . CNN : Why is Obama like that ? Rock : It 's like "  Ooh , you 're young and virile and you 've got a beautiful wife and kids . You 're the first African-American president . " You know , what do you say ? CNN : As time goes on do you think it will get easier ? Rock : Of course , as time goes on . At some point he 's going to -- there 's always slip-ups . No one can survive that level of scrutiny without occasionally making it easy for a comedian . CNN : Let 's talk about the inauguration . Are you going ? Rock : No , I have to go to Sundance -LSB- Film Festival -RSB- . I 've got a movie premiering at Sundance . So I have to go to the whitest place in America -- Utah . CNN : What 's it going to be like for you on Inauguration Day ? Rock : It 'll be a cool day . It 's weird . I 've never watched an inauguration . I 've never watched anyone get sworn in . You know , it 's like Election Day and then you look up and somebody else is the president two months later . It was never like , "  I ca n't wait till tomorrow . Oh my god ! They 're going to swear in Jimmy Carter ! " CNN : Are you going to watch this one , though ? Rock : I 'll put it this way -- like any business is going to be getting done while this guy is getting sworn in . Like I 'm going to be in a meeting . Everything is going to stop for however long it takes . Hope they get to it -- hope it 's not like I got ta listen to three different versions of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " or something . I hope it 's not like Rosa Parks ' funeral , where everybody f *** ing speaks . CNN : What are you hoping Barack Obama does for this country ? What do you think is his most important task ? Rock : You know , if you 're the president you only have two jobs : peace and money . That 's it . I mean , it 's like , what did Clinton do ? We were at peace and we had a budget surplus . That 's it . That 's the gig . The closer you get us to those two goals , you know , that 's pretty much the gig . Is that too much to ask for ? CNN : At one point in your act , you said , "  Racism will never die . It will only multiply . " Why do you believe that ? Rock : Well , it 's never going to die . Maybe it wo n't multiply . Is racism going to end ? No . It 's not even race . People are always going to , you know , find something wrong with people who are not the exact same as them . That 's just what it is . Black , white , short , tall , religions , whatever . People are bad , man . CNN : How was it different playing for an audience in Africa ? Rock : You know it 's weird -- it really was n't that different . I mean , that 's why I love this special . People are the same wherever you go . And if they were n't , they would n't laugh at the same s ** t . If they were so different they would n't know what I was talking about . CNN : Stand-up comics I 've talked to in the past say they like their shows to appear spontaneous . But your new DVD stitches together three shows , illustrating to the audience how scripted comedy can be . Why did you decide on that format ? Rock : You know , I do n't believe in that "  come up with stuff on the spot . " I mean , honestly , that 's why I think comedy , stand-up comedy , always plays such a back seat to music . Like , would you go see a singer if you thought he just came up with the songs ? They would n't give out Grammys for songs that they just came up with . You 're going to go see someone at Radio City or Madison Square Garden , I think you 'd like to know that they have an act before you spend $ 75 . So yeah , when you say "  came up with it right there , " that 's really cute when you paid $ 8 to get in and two-drink minimum . When the ticket 's $ 75 , that 's a whole other mindset .	Comedian Chris Rock to release "  Kill the Messenger " DVD January 20 There are no Barack Obama jokes , Rock says , just like there are no Brad Pitt jokes Rock : Playing for international crowds not that different than playing in U.S. "  Stand-up comedy always plays such a back seat to music , " Rock says
CNN  -- A 6.8-magnitude earthquake struck Friday off the coast of Alaska , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The Geological Survey initially measured a 7.1-magnitude quake , but later downgraded it slightly . It was 22 miles deep , the Survey reported . The earthquake occurred 120 miles east-southeast of Atka , Alaska , in a sparsely populated part of the Aleutian Islands known as the Fox Islands . The epicenter was 1,030 miles west southwest of Anchorage , the Geological Survey said . It prompted a brief tsunami warning for coastal areas of Alaska , from Unimak Pass , Alaska to Amchitka Pass , Alaska , the West Coast and Alaska Tsunami Warning Center said . That warning was later cancelled . No destructive tsunami happened -- and no tsunami danger exists along the coasts of Alaska , Canada or the U.S. West Coast , the center said . The quake similarly posed no risk of a destructive Pacific-wide tsunami , the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said . There were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . A 7.2-magnitude earthquake occurred in almost the same spot in June , according to the Geological Survey .	NEW : The U.S. Geological Survey now says the quake had a 6.8 magnitude The earthquake did not trigger a tsunami Quake prompts tsunami warning for some coastal areas of Alaska The quake poses no risk of a destructive Pacific-wide tsunami
On Monday morning , the first porn app for Google Glass was announced . Unfortunately , the app violated the most recent additions to Google 's developer policies for the futuristic eyewear , which ban sexually explicit material . The pornographic app for Glass was released by MiKandi , an adult app store that has a successful Android app store for adult apps . Using the application , Google Glass wearers could look at photos and watch videos filmed using Google Glass . The company wanted to expand from first-person point of view videos to one-on-one interactions between adults who both have Glass . Now it seems that business plan will need to be altered . Google added a new section to its developer policies for Google Glass late last week that prohibits apps from delivering sexually explicit content . "  Our policies make it clear that Glass does not allow Glassware content that contains nudity , graphic sex acts , or sexually explicit material . Any Glassware that violates this policy will be blocked from appearing on Glass , " a Google spokesperson said . The same section promises harsh penalties for any app featuring child pornography . Google also bans gratuitous violence , hate speech and gambling on Glass . The connected Glass headset features a tiny screen above the right eye that can display Internet content . The device is still in beta mode and is not expected to go on sale to the general public until late this year or early 2014 . More than 10,000 people have visited the landing page for the porn app , and a dozen Glass owners have signed up with the app , MiKandi CEO Jesse Adams said in a blog post . He said the company made sure it was following the Google Glass developer terms when it started creating the app two weeks ago , but those rules were changed by Google just before the app 's launch . MiKandi will comply with the new rules , and plans on rolling out a new app that somehow does n't include any of the forbidden content . "  Although the app is still live and people are using it , at this point we must make changes to the app in order to comply with the new policies . Expect to see changes to the application tomorrow , " Adams said in a blog post . This is not the first time the adult company has gone up against Silicon Valley giants . In 2011 , Apple sent the company a cease and desist letter for using the phrase "  app store " in its tagline . It has also had apps rejected from the iOS and Android app stores before . Google Glass is a completely new product , and the public is still figuring out how and if it will be used . The company is working hard to avoid a sullied reputation for the wearable computer before it it is publicly released . How it feels to wear Google Glass	The first pornographic app for Google Glass was announced on Monday morning Google quickly added a section to its developer policies banning sexually explicit material The company behind the app plans on altering the product to comply with the new terms
Sunset Hills , Missouri  CNN  -- An orange X was painted on homes destroyed in a Missouri town during a series of fast-moving Midwest and Southern storms that left at least seven people dead , dozens injured and even more without a home . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon on Saturday toured a neighborhood in Sunset Hills , a St. Louis suburb . "  The devastation in this neighborhood was complete , " Nixon said . "  Many of the houses we saw that were standing had the orange X on them , which means they 're going to knock them down , not even try and repair them . Bottom line  is  significant property loss . " Residents from Mississippi to Missouri spent the first day of the New Year assessing the damage and sifting through piles of debris . Three people died in the small northwestern Arkansas town of Cincinnati , which reported power outages after the strong storm went through , said Ann Upton , Washington County 's emergency management deputy . Two additional fatalities occurred in a trailer in Dent County , Missouri , according to Mike O'Connell of the state department of public safety . The storm also struck a trailer near Rolla , Missouri , about 106 miles southwest of St. Louis , according to the governor 's office . One person died Friday and a second occupant , an 80-year-old woman , died of her injures Saturday , O'Connell said . The storm injured residents and destroyed some 25 homes in Phelps County , home to Rolla , after it earlier left more than a dozen people hospitalized in northwestern Arkansas , medical officials said . "  As soon as I shut the door everything started rumbling underneath me , " Rolla resident Jason Stevenson told CNN affiliate KPLR . "  The whole house looked like it imploded . I got picked up and down at least three times I know of before I come to a slamming halt up against a small little tree in front of the house . " Michael Spencer , a relief worker with the American Red Cross , said some residents in Arkansas , Missouri and Mississippi already were working on their recovery plan . "  It 's been just a little bit over 24 hours and families are just beginning to pick up the pieces of their lives again , " Spencer said Saturday from Cincinnati , Arkansas . "  The roads are littered with power lines , there 's tons of debris in fences and trees , " he said , but residents are making their way to shelters to get and offer assistance . More than 30 people were gathered at the Central United Methodist Church of Cincinnati on Saturday morning to meet with Red Cross workers , Spencer said . Similar efforts are under way in Missouri and Mississippi , he said . As those states began recovery , forecasters warned of more potentially severe weather elsewhere . The National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for eight counties in Alabama and three counties in Florida on Saturday . The watch extends to 5 p.m. CST . "  Unfortunately , this storm system is not letting up and we are dispatching additional Red Cross teams as the storms continue to plow across the country , " Spencer said . In Arkansas , six homes and four chicken production facilities were destroyed , while five homes suffered moderate to heavy damage , said Matt Garrity , Benton County 's manager of emergency services . A fire station , three buildings and one store were also damaged , said Garrity , and an airport that serves northwestern Arkansas was closed due to debris in the area . "  We are in part of tornado alley , " he said . "  So even a small storm does a lot of damage . " In Mississippi , the storm system knocked out power to nearly 20,000 homes in the central part of the state , said Mara Hartman , a spokeswoman for Entergy Corporation . Elsewhere , the storm caused injuries and damage in Pulaski and Laclede counties in Missouri , knocking out power at Fort Leonard Wood , a U.S. Army post that took a direct hit from a suspected tornado , according to Laclede County Emergency Management spokesman Gail Teter . Four people at the base were treated for minor injuries after the storm hit , the army said . The tornado cut through several miles from the training areas into where families live . CNN affiliate KMOV on Friday broadcast images of heavy damage -- including destroyed homes and overturned vehicles -- in Sunset Hills , about 15 miles southwest of St. Louis . "  It 's causing havoc , " said Sunset Hills police spokeswoman Donna Palasky . Nixon declared a state of emergency in Missouri Saturday and toured a neighborhood where a suspected F-3 tornado struck , though there were no serious injuries . "  One young family , two young adults and a 9-year-old , scurried into their basement and hid in a cubbyhole and their entire house was blown away , " he told CNN . "  If they had n't gone down there they certainly would have had very serious injuries , if not death . " The storm also left heavy structural damage to buildings in its wake -- including a popular shopping center and Catholic church -- in the town of Fenton , some 18 miles southwest of St. Louis , said Fenton Deputy Fire Chief Jeff Heidbreder . In the nearby town of Ballwin , police spokesman Jim Heldmann said the storm caused heavy damage to homes and buildings , but no injuries were reported . CNN 's David Ariosto , Mark Bixler , Reynolds Wolf , Tom Laabs , Erica Henry , Aaron Cooper and CNN Radio 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report	NEW : Missouri 's governor declares a state of emergency Red Cross begins recovery help , preps for more damage Resident recalls being thrown from house National Weather Service issues more tornado watches Saturday
CNN  -- The World Health Organization on Friday reported 2,500 confirmed cases of swine flu in 25 countries , with 44 deaths from the disease . A researcher investigates swine flu at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia . In the United States , the total number of confirmed cases of the H1N1 virus , as swine flu is officially called , nearly doubled to 1,639 from the day before , with reports coming from 43 states , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported . The U.S. Navy said Friday that 12 crew members aboard the USS Dubuque have been diagnosed with swine flu . The amphibious transport dock ship had been due to deploy on June 1 to the South Pacific on a humanitarian mission , Cmdr. Joseph Surette , a Navy spokesman , said Tuesday . The ship was being scrubbed and disinfected , and its remaining 370 crew members were given Tamiflu as a precaution , Surette said . Navy officials said the ship could still be deployed in an emergency , but would remain in port in San Diego , California , until commanders determine the crew is suitable to deploy . Dr. Sylvie Briand , acting director of the Global Influenza Program for the World Health Organization , said the agency will remain at pandemic alert level 5 -- one step away from its highest level -- because while there are an increasing number of cases , there is no evidence of the community transmission outside North America that would push the alert to level 6 . Of the 44 deaths reported , two were in the United States and 42 in Mexico , which has the highest concentration of swine flu cases , with more than 1,100 . President Obama , speaking on the H1N1 virus during a town hall meeting for Latinos , said Americans should continue to take basic precautions such as frequently washing their hands . He also said the country should prepare for a particularly tough flu season this fall . "  The virus may not have been as virulent as we once feared , but we 're not out of the woods yet , " Obama said . Briand of WHO said many of the new cases being reported are imported -- returning travelers bringing them into their countries -- and cases resulting from close contact with those already infected , such as family members . Meanwhile , Britain 's health secretary announced Friday that his country 's Health Protection Agency has sequenced the full genetic code of the H1N1 virus , the first step in producing a European prototype of a swine flu vaccine . "  This is critical in understanding how the virus operates and identifying the crucial parts of the virus that can be used in vaccine manufacture , " said a statement from the agency . "  Researchers hope that European manufacturers will be able to take delivery of candidate vaccine prototypes in the coming months so preliminary steps to mass vaccine production can begin , " the statement said .	World Health Organization reports 44 deaths in Mexico and the United States U.S. Navy says 12 crew members aboard USS Dubuque diagnosed with virus European agency says it has made critical first step to creating vaccine
CNN  -- President Obama has repeatedly stated , "  We are tougher than the times we live in . " Although the president may not have intended to signal a whole new approach to our future , the line has Churchillian implications . Speaking of tough times , he could call on Americans to recognize we face at least a decade of rough sledding , ask us to face the challenges and express confidence that we shall prevail . The tough times approach differs radically from the prevailing wisdom that if we merely did X , Y or Z , we would be rolling in clover again . All we need to do is cut deficits , reduce taxes some more and lighten up on regulations , and the nation will be back on the right course . Others foresee the bottoming out of the housing market , within two years or so , as the turning point to recovery . Harvard economist Kenneth Rogoff argues that intentionally inflating the dollar is the "  the only practical way to shorten the coming period of painful deleveraging and slow growth . " In general , politicians prefer President Reagan 's manner , which was oozing with optimism . And they are leery of sounding like President Carter , who spoke of malaise and called for sacrifices . But times have changed . The American people must be prepared for what is coming , or they will lash out with even more anger against failed promises . Take the most elementary issue : Nobody reasonable , on the right or the left , denies that we lived beyond our means for decades , financing our indulgence by taking loans from the Chinese , Japanese and British , among others , as well as hocking the assets of our future generations . Now the time has come that we must pay back , and that means reducing the deficit . Such payback means , by definition , that while we once could float a lifestyle that cost , say , 120 % of what we earned , now we shall have to do with lifestyle that costs , say , 80 % of our income , with the rest going to pay down what we owe . After decades of indulgence and accumulating debt , our accounts can not be settled in a few years . According to a report in NPR , using recent Congressional Budget Office projections , the debt could reach $ 13 trillion in 10 years . Even if we get the "  grand bargain " and $ 2 trillion to $ 4 trillion is cut , that means the 10-year deficit could still remain between $ 9 trillion and $ 11 trillion . True , we do not have to bring it down to zero , but we still have quite a burden with which to contend . If we must pay for that deficit by raising taxes , we will have less money . If we must cut services , such as health care , to pay down the debt , people will have to buy these services themselves . And we should pay down our personal debt for our own future and that of our children . That means for the next decade or even longer , Americans will have to do with less , from buying new clothes to going on vacations . I am hardly the only one who foresees a "  lost decade . " A recent Atlantic magazine article argues that even by 2011 , 2012 , even 2014 , the employment rate may decline very little and describes the current economic climate as "  a trauma that will remain heavy for quite some time . " Heidi Shierholtz of the Economic Policy Institute predicts that "  many factors are pushing against a quick recovery . ... Things will come back . But it 's going to take a long time . " Frustration to such shortfalls is mounting . A recent Bloomberg poll found that 72 % of the people who responded think the country is on the wrong course economically . The president 's approval rating is tanking , but that of Congress is even lower . A New York Times/CBS poll found that only a paltry 12 % of respondents approved of Congress . As I see it , "  Washington " can do relatively little to spare Americans at least 10 years of austerity . But , public leaders can prepare people for what is coming and make a virtue out of doing with less , of paying back what we owe even if it hurts  $ " without implying that recovery is right around the corner or that something drastic can be done so we will not have to pay more taxes and do with less services . If it turns out that Easy Street is much nearer than I expect , then people prepared for "  tough times " will rejoice . But if they believe the economy will bounce back quickly , and in reality face prolonged austerity , we must expect even more angry outbursts . We 've avoided the violent demonstrations seen in Greece , the massive demonstrations against inequality seen in Tel Aviv and the random torching of cars common in riots in Germany , France or Britain . If Obama can speak candidly about the coming tough times and the shortfalls we all will have to accept as part of the cure , he may do better ; we most assuredly will . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	Amitai Etzioni : Despite promises and proposals , there is no quick fix for economy Obama 's "  We are tougher than the times we live in " should be a policy , he writes Etzioni : Americans will have to do with less and sacrifice for at least 10 years He says years of indulgence , living beyond our means will take years to redress
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- In one of the shortest session in its history , the Senate 's final session of the year lasted a total of 12 seconds Monday . Democrats kept the Senate in session over the holiday season . Only one senator , Democrat Jack Reed of Rhode Island , was in the chamber to gavel open the Senate and adjourn it until January 3 . Monday 's event was the latest in a series of "  pro forma " sessions the Senate has called . Pro forma means "  for the sake of formality " and these micro sessions are part of the last political scuffle between the White House and the Democratic-led Congress . Democrats are keeping the Senate in session to block President Bush from making any recess appointments . During congressional recesses , a constitutional mechanism allows the president to fill top government posts for up to one year without Senate confirmation . Nearly all the senators left the Capitol for the Christmas holiday nearly a week and a half ago , but only one senator is needed to keep the Senate in session . During the session last week , Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , opened and then immediately gaveled the Senate session to a close . Wednesday 's session lasted for 11 seconds . In all , he spent 57 seconds in the chamber . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , announced December 19 that he would keep the Senate open with a series of pro forma sessions through mid-January . Talks had just broken down with the White House on a deal that would have allowed the president to make dozens of those appointments if he agreed not to appoint one controversial official , Steven Bradbury , as the permanent head of the influential Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department . Bush declined to accept the Democrats ' offer , and Reid refused to approve Bradbury because of concerns about his involvement in crafting legal opinions for the administration on interrogation techniques of terrorism suspects . Similar sessions were conducted over the Thanksgiving recess . Other Democrats -- including Sens. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts , Byron Dorgan of North Dakota , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Ben Cardin of Maryland and Chuck Schumer of New York -- will share the duty of presiding over the "  pro forma " sessions next month . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Lisa DesJardin contributed to this report .	Senate holding "  pro forma " sessions to block recess appointments Democrats , President Bush disagree over Justice Department appointment Only one senator needed to keep Senate in session
CNN  NASA 's New Horizons spacecraft is closing in on Pluto and its five moons . Soon we will see what no one has ever seen before : Crisp , clear pictures of the tiny , icy world . "  The pictures are what we 're all waiting for , " Alan Stern , New Horizons principal investigator , told CNN . Up until now , the best images of Pluto have been a few pixels shot by the Hubble Space Telescope . The images , released in 2010 , took four years and 20 computers operating continuously and simultaneously to produce , according to Marc Buie of the Southwest Research Institute in Boulder , Colorado . They show what NASA called an "  icy and dark molasses-colored , mottled world that is undergoing seasonal changes in its surface color and brightness . " That 's not a very glamorous description , but NASA said the images confirmed Pluto is a "  dynamic world that undergoes dramatic atmospheric changes , not simply a ball of ice and rock . " New Horizons is aiming its Long-Range Reconnaissance Imager  LORRI  telescope at Pluto to help navigate the final 135 million miles  220 kilometers  of its 3 billion mile journey . Besides LORRI , the space probe is packed with cameras and other instruments . By mid-May , we should get "  better than Hubble " photos . We 'll also see Pluto 's five moons : Charon , Nix , Hydra , Kerberos and Styx . Stern expects new "  optical navigation images " to arrive any day now . "  I think of Pluto as a kind of a Christmas present that 's been sitting under the tree " waiting to be unwrapped , Stern said . "  I just ca n't wait to see what 's there . " New Horizons was launched on January 19 , 2006 . It will arrive at Pluto on July 14 , 2015 . The probe is 27 inches  0.7 meters  tall , 83 inches  2.1 meters  long and 108 inches  2.7 meters  wide . It weighed 1,054 pounds  478 kilograms  at launch . New Horizons was launched before the big debate started over whether it 's a planet . For the scientists on the New Horizons team , Pluto is very much a planet -- just a new kind of planet . "  New Horizons is on a journey to a new class of planets we 've never seen , in a place we 've never been before , " says New Horizons Project Scientist Hal Weaver of APL . "  For decades , we thought Pluto was this odd little body on the planetary outskirts ; now we know it 's really a gateway to an entire region of new worlds in the Kuiper Belt , and New Horizons is going to provide the first close-up look at them . " Some interesting tidbits about Pluto : -- Pluto is classified by NASA as a dwarf planet . -- It has five known moons : Charon , Nix , Hydra , Kerberos and Styx . -- Pluto is about two-thirds the diameter of Earth 's moon . -- It probably has a rocky core surrounded by ice . -- It 's one of a group of objects that orbit beyond Neptune in the Kuiper Belt . -- Pluto is about 20 times as massive than Ceres , the dwarf planet between Mars and Jupiter that will be explored by the Dawn spacecraft on March 6 , 2015 . -- Pluto has a 248-year-long elliptical orbit around the sun . -- From 1979 to 1999 , Pluto was actually closer to the sun than Neptune . -- Pluto was discovered in 1930 by Clyde Tombaugh at the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff , Arizona . -- It was named by 11-year-old Venetia Burney of Oxford , England .	Earth 's first probe to Pluto is beginning its long approach with the icy world New Horizons will let us see the tiny planet for the first time ; it will arrive at Pluto in July
CNN  The former Navy SEAL who says he fired the shot that killed Osama bin Laden says he does n't care if people believe him . "  The most important thing that I 've learned in the last two years is to me it does n't matter anymore if I am ` The Shooter . ' The team got him , " Robert O'Neill said in an audio interview with freelance journalist Alex Quade , a former CNN correspondent , that aired Friday on CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  Regardless of the negativity that comes with it , I do n't give a f *** . We got him . " "  AC360 " obtained the audio interview from Quade , who conducted a series of interviews with O'Neill over the past 18 months . The killing of bin Laden will go down in history , O'Neill said . "  But I do n't care if I 'm ` The Shooter , ' and there are people who think I 'm not . So whatever . " The audio interview follows an interview published this week in The Washington Post , in which O'Neill publicly identified himself as the SEAL who killed the leader of al Qaeda in 2011 . The 38-year-old O'Neill had previously revealed details of the mission to Esquire magazine . But he was hesitant to attach his name to the account until his identity was linked to the story on a military blog earlier this week without his consent . O'Neill told the Post that other SEAL team members were involved in the raid , including Matt Bissonnette , who detailed the group 's experiences in his memoir , "  No Easy Day , " written under the pseudonym Mark Owen . O'Neill , who had been serving as a SEAL for 15 years at the time of the bin Laden raid , had participated in other missions , but he said he feared this mission would be his most difficult . In the audio interview with Quade , he said the members of SEAL Team Six talked about the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . He and other team members believed they would not return alive from the mission to get bin Laden . "  Well , you have to go pump yourself up to go die . So we would talk about this , " O'Neill said . " ...  It was a  group of guys who knew time on Earth was up , so you could be honest with each other . And we all accepted and nobody was afraid . It was really cool . " He also said when he identified himself as the shooter to the families of 9/11 victims , they thanked him for closure . "  He died afraid , and he knew we were there to kill him . And that 's closure , " he said in the audio interview . Did Robert O'Neill really kill bin Laden ? O'Neill 's move to go public is a controversial one , as it violates an unspoken military rule : Do n't seek attention for your service . "  We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety or financial gain , " said an October 31 letter to the Naval Special Warfare ranks from commanding officer B.L. Losey and force Master Sgt. M.L. Margaraci . In the audio interview , O'Neill says he believes some details about the bin Laden mission , such as how he was killed , were no longer classified because they had been repeatedly leaked in the aftermath by high-level officials . "  Once anyone says anything at that level , it 's not classified , " he said . " ... I was told by people that I ca n't even say I 'm a Navy SEAL , so I do n't give a f *** what they think . " Twenty-three SEALs and their interpreter launched the assault on the bin Laden compound just after midnight on the morning of May 2 , 2011 . They shot and killed bin Laden 's two bodyguards , one of bin Laden 's sons and the wife of one of the bodyguards . They also wounded two other women . O'Neill has told his story before in a lengthy profile in Esquire in 2013 , in which O'Neill was described not with his real name but only as "  The Shooter . " In the Esquire piece , O'Neill / The Shooter was said to have encountered al Qaeda 's leader face-to-face in the top-floor bedroom of the compound in Abbottabad where he had been hiding for more than five years . The Shooter said the al Qaeda leader was standing up and had a gun "  within reach , " and it was only then that the Shooter fired two shots into bin Laden 's forehead , killing him . That account was in conflict with the narrative in "  No Easy Day . " Another member of the secretive SEAL Team 6 , which executed the bin Laden raid , told CNN 's Peter Bergen the story of The Shooter as presented in Esquire is false . According to this serving SEAL Team 6 operator , the story is "  complete BS . " But in the audio interview , O'Neill dismissed the criticism . "  Even now , I mean , there are guys now saying that I am full of s *** , " he said . " ... You only know what you were told unless you were in the room . And unfortunately for me , there was two people in the room , and one of us is dead and that 's Osama bin Laden . " CNN 's Slma Shelbayah , Peter Bergen , Anderson Cooper , Jack Gray and Charlie Moore contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Robert O'Neill says he was told he ca n't even identify himself as a Navy SEAL O'Neill says in an audio interview that he does n't care about the criticism " There are people who think I 'm not " the shooter , he says O'Neill , 38 , gave the interview to former CNN correspondent Alex Quade
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- A Florida man who admitted to the near-fatal beating of his two-year-old son while teaching him how to box remained behind bars Thursday , facing felony charges . Lee Willie Dejesus , 23 , of Homestead , appeared in court Wednesday night wearing a green protective vest reserved for those on suicide watch , reported CNN affiliate WFOR . A judge denied him bail . Dejesus ' son was on life support Thursday , said Ed Griffith , spokesman for the Miami-Dade state attorney 's office . Griffith said it was his understanding that the child was being kept on life support so his organs could be donated . Dejesus is charged with aggravated child abuse with great harm , a first-degree felony , and aggravated child neglect with great harm , a second-degree felony . Griffith said once prosecutors are notified the child has been taken off life support and pronounced dead , they are poised to file first-degree murder charges against Dejesus . Miami-Dade police said Dejesus was watching the child while his mother was at work Monday night . He told police that he put on boxing gloves and struck the child about 15 times on his face , head , torso and shoulders over a period of 15 minutes , punching him so hard at one point that the boy fell off the bed and struck his head on the tile floor . The child was rushed to Children 's Hospital where he underwent surgery for bleeding on the brain . A criminal complaint alleges that Dejesus waited to call for medical help for as long as an hour after the boy became unresponsive . He eventually called 911 after the boy 's lips became blue , according to the complaint . Dejesus initially told police that the boy was beaten by a babysitter before admitting he was responsible , the complaint says . In Session 's Aletse Mellado contributed to this report .	NEW : Lee Willie Dejesus , 23 , has been charged with felonies that could be upgraded to murder Dejesus says he was teaching his son how to box The boy is on life support and not expected to recover , police say
CNN  -- Birders define "  a big year " as an informal competition to see who can spot the most species of birds in a certain area in a calendar year . Let me start off with a disclaimer : I am a bit of a bird nerd . Not a serious birder by any stretch  I have never gone on vacation specifically for the birds , for example ... well , not a long one , anyway  , but my iPhoto has been known to contain more than a few shots of birds , and my iPhone does have iBird Explorer Plus . Oh , and as a child , my dad and I would spend the occasional summer afternoon in the country listening to records of bird calls . However , just because I like birds does n't mean I am predisposed to liking a movie with a lot of birds in it . I am a huge baseball fan too , but am perfectly able to recognize a bad baseball movie when I see one . "  Major League 2 , " anyone ? In addition , a good film needs to have something to it in addition to the surface subject matter . What I am trying to say is , just because this is a film about birding does n't mean it 's a film about birding . Stu Preissler  Steve Martin  , Brad Harris  Jack Black  and Kenny Bostick  Owen Wilson  are three birders who may  or may not  be attempting a Big Year . The thing is , it 's such a competitive field that those attempting such a feat tend to keep the information to themselves , so as to not inspire the competition . Paying possum is a big part of a Big Year . The head of a corporation , Stu is nearing retirement age . He wants to quit the rat race , do something for himself  A Big Year , natch  and settle down in Colorado with his wife , Edith  JoBeth Williams  . Of course his corporate underlings , smarmily played by Kevin Pollak and Joel McHale , continuously try to pull him off the road and into the board room . Brad , in his mid-30s and divorced , is low on funds and morale . He 's stuck in a job he hates and aches to do something truly great . As a birder , this means breaking the world record held by Bostick  almost always referred to by his surname with a mix of derision , awe and envy by his fellow birders  . For Stu and Brad , while the undertaking of a Big Year is exciting , it 's also a means to an end , not the end itself , and the journey is at least as important as the result . One of the joys of this film is watching their excitement when some El Ni  o weather phenomena means that there 's a likelihood of a mass of grounded birds  a storm in Florida  or a super rare sighting  a pink-footed goose , rarely seen in the U.S.  . To the arrogant and absurdly colorfully attired Bostick , however , the Big Year is personal and more about him than it is about the birds . It 's his record , and his status as world champion is more important to him than anything , even his devoted wife , Jessica  Rosamund Pike  . Bostick is constantly promising to hang up his binoculars and start a family , only to receive a call with a rare bird sighting somewhere across the country and hit the road again . Stu and Brad quickly become friends and repeatedly run into each other throughout the year in far-flung parts of the continent , and travel they do . "  The Big Year " takes them from Maine to Key West to Arizona to Attu Island , Alaska , the westernmost island in the Aleutians , closer to Russia than it is to the Alaskan mainland  of course the production did n't actually shoot there , but they did shoot in the Yukon  . The scenery and wildlife on display are at times breathtaking . The thing is  up on my avian soapbox , again  , I can see the appeal . After all , birds are amazing creatures . They can fly , which is amazing in and of itself , and oh , by the way , is n't one of the most common dreams the one where you 're flying ? Add to that their place in evolution , their diversity , strength and behavioral differences , and they 're pretty interesting creatures . While it 's mostly about the humans in the cast , the sheer number of birds on display  stay for the running list during the closing credits  is astonishing , with some quite interesting  and in one case downright touching  bits of bird trivia thrown in . It 's not hard to see how large groups of people could get caught up in the activity . In fact , a 2006 survey by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Department puts the number of birders nationwide at 48 million . That same year , the activity created 671,000 jobs and added $ 36 billion to the U.S. economy . At the heart of "  The Big Year " is the idea that we all have our passions , and why are any passions any weirder than any other ? Surely , on a list of odd obsessions , birding ranks far below hoarding or , say , dyeing your dog to look like a panda . Supporting turns are all solid , with special notice to the always lovely Rashida Jones as Ellie , the female bird nerd who captures Brad 's interest , and Anjelica Huston as the comically and aptly named Annie Auklet . Dianne Weist and Brian Dennehy are perfectly cast as Brad 's parents . If there 's ever been a non-related trio that looks more like a real family , I 'll eat my special birding hat . Kidding . I do n't have one ... yet . "  The Big Year " is a charming , uplifting and heartwarming film , and when it 's funny  which is often  , it 's very funny indeed . It has a simple but compelling story to which everyone , birders and non - , can relate , great chemistry between Martin and Black , and a heart . It 's nice to see a film that does n't have a mean streak and also does n't talk to adults like they are idiots . "  The Big Year " is rated PG . There 's a minor swear word or two , but that 's about it .	"  The Big Year " stars Steve Martin , Jack Black and Owen Wilson The title refers to a competition among bird watchers The film includes a bit of bird trivia as well some nice supporting performances
CNN  -- A special prosecutor appointed in a controversial case of an alleged rape in Maryville , Missouri , promised on Monday to review the case "  without fear and without favor . " "  I know that this case has raised a variety of concerns in northwest Missouri , so please know this : This case will be thoroughly reviewed , " Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said . "  I can also assure you that politics , connections or any other reason you can think of will not play a role in our review of this case . It will be the evidence , as it is in every case that we review , " she said . A judge appointed Baker as special prosecutor days after a different prosecutor , who dropped charges , said he 'd request the move . The alleged victim , a teenage girl , says a teenage boy raped her when she was 14 . The initial prosecutor , Nodaway County Prosecutor Robert L. Rice , has said he dropped a sexual assault charge against the boy because the girl and her relatives refused to cooperate . "  There was insufficient evidence to prove a criminal charge beyond a reasonable doubt , " he said in a statement . A charge against the boy 's friend who was accused of recording part of the incident on an iPhone was also discontinued . But the case got new life this month after The Kansas City Star featured it and CNN interviewed the alleged victim , Daisy Coleman , and her mother . Why Anonymous wants justice in Missouri rape case After this month 's reports , Rice said last week that he 'd ask a court to appoint a special prosecutor . CNN does not typically identify alleged victims of sexual assault but has done so in this case because Daisy and her mother , Melinda Coleman , have chosen to go public . Both appeared on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Monday , one day before a planned protest in support of Daisy at the Nodaway County Courthouse . The teenager said she and her mother would probably not be going . "  We were pondering it , but it sounds almost as if it would n't be safe for us to go just because of all the people in Maryville being very angry with the case right now . But we are thinking about it , and we are very thankful for all the people attending , " Daisy said . When asked what she and her daughter are hoping for , Melinda Coleman told Tapper that they just want to be heard and to have the case looked at "  fairly , and with some enthusiasm . " "  We were disappointed that they did n't really do the job . They did n't really collect the evidence , and they did n't seem to care from the beginning . Anything above that would just be extra , " she said . CNN 's Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Without fear and without favor , " says County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker NEW : She was appointed after a different prosecutor dropped charges in the case The alleged victim says she was raped when she was 14 Her mother tells CNN she and her daughter want to have the case looked at "  fairly "
It was a journey that those who lost their lives in Flanders Fields would never make . Seventy bags of soil , one from each of the Commonwealth War Grave cemeteries and battlefields in Flanders , Belgium , have arrived in London on a Belgian Navy frigate , where they will form part of a memorial garden to remember those who died in the bloodshed of World War I . As part of a somber ceremony attended by British and Belgian dignitaries alike , the bags of soil were moved Friday onto a decomissioned British warship , HMS Belfast . On Saturday they were being taken to Wellington Barracks near Buckingham Palace . There they will complete the symbolic memorial garden forming a circular soil bed that references the opening in the roof of the Menin Gate in Ypres , from which poppies rain down each year on November 11 , and bears the words of John McCrae 's famous poem , "  In Flanders ' Fields . " But the public will have to wait a while before they can visit the garden , which opens on 9 November 2014 immediately after the Cenotaph ceremony to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the start of World War I. For Andrew Wallis , curator of the Guards Museum and brainchild of the project , the garden is about emphasizing the importance of remembrance to younger generations . "  The fact that you and I can stand here today as free people , to have free thoughts and to do free actions : somebody actually fought and died for that freedom that we enjoy today , " he told CNN . "  There was a generation of people who marched away from Wellington Barracks and never came home . "  If we are to get the generation of tomorrow to understand what this is about , for us to pass the torch of remembrance to them , we have to help them understand the significance of this sacrifice . " The memorial garden is just one manifestation of a bond between the UK and Belgium that predates the battles of World War I . The Grenadier Guards , an infantry regiment of the British Army , can be traced back to 1656 when it formed in Bruges to protect the exiled Charles II , and it was the Welsh Guards that liberated Belgium at the end of World War II . The initial idea was hatched five and a half years ago after Queen Elizabeth II 's Birthday Parade , but Wallis admits pulling off the project has been a challenge . "  It takes a very long time to get planning permission for something like this right in the heart of royal London , and to get all the various agencies involved to give their agreement . "  It 's been an uphill struggle , but we 're there now and we 're very grateful for everyone for their support . " However , the project is only just over halfway towards reaching its funding goal of # 700,000  $ 1,150,000  and for the rest Wallis is looking closer to home than Flanders . "  The Belgian people have already produced # 420,000 , " he said . "  So it 's time for the Brits to step up and help us complete this unique memorial to the fallen . "	70 bags of soil from WW1 cemeteries , battlefields in Belgium taken to London They will form part of a memorial garden to remember those who died Garden will open on November 9 , 2014 at Wellington Barracks in London That date coincides with the 100th anniversary of the start of World War I
Budget Travel  -- If you love big-ship cruising but crave a more intimate experience , then the small boats plying the rivers of Europe -- and beyond -- are just the ticket . Budget Travel 's Trip Coach answers readers ' top questions about river cruising : Why am I hearing so much about river cruising these days ? Imagine sailing the Nile past the temples of Luxor , floating by medieval castles on the German Rhine , or tooling along the Mekong through aging French colonial towns in Laos -- all from your own private balcony . If this sounds pretty appealing to you , you 're not alone . About 215,000 North Americans will sail on riverboats this year , up nearly 60 percent since 2004 . The spectacular growth has led to a surge of options across Western Europe and in far-flung destinations like China and Russia . It 's also ushered in a host of impressive improvements . Outfitters are introducing new ships with larger cabins and upscale touches such as floor-to-ceiling windows and private balconies . Even on older boats , however , river cruising has inherent perks : The ships are smaller , so the service tends to be more personal and the atmosphere among passengers is more familiar . Also , on most lines all excursions , food and drinks  including beer and wine at meals  are included in the cost of the trip , so there 's no need to touch your wallet once you set sail . How do I choose the best company for me ? Here 's a fact that might help simplify things : 75 percent of North American passengers travel with one of just five river cruise operators . Chances are , you will , too . Of the five , the winner of our Readers ' Choice poll , Viking River Cruises , is the largest , with 24 percent of the entire market and a reputation for generous promotions , including frequent two-for-one deals . Although it 's headquartered in Los Angeles , Viking specializes in European itineraries , with 18 ships that cruise most of the Continent 's major waterways . Uniworld River Cruises , the next-biggest , has a more boutique , upscale ambience  think plush guest robes and designer body-care products  to go along with its slightly higher prices . The bargain of the bunch is Grand Circle Travel , which hosts group tours for "  mature Americans " that tend to be cheaper and longer , albeit on ships that are a bit older and smaller . The most cosmopolitan is Avalon Waterways : One third of its passengers hail from English-speaking countries other than the U.S. , and it has the newest fleet in the game , averaging just 2 years old . Rounding out the top five is AMA Waterways , which focuses on European destinations -- and local wines . Thoughtful pairings are served at every meal . Budget Travel : 15 places every kid should see How can I get the best deal ? Unlike the price slashing you 'll find on big-ship ocean cruises , which have thousands of cabins to fill , last-minute discounts on riverboats are rare -- all the more reason to plan strategically . If your travel dates are flexible , you can often find two-for-one deals in the off-season  which in most of Europe is late autumn to early spring  . If not , consider inviting friends and family and angle for a bulk discount . Every operator has one . With Avalon , for instance , a group 's 16th passenger comes along for free . Finally , think about booking your trip  la carte instead of buying one of the packages that operators typically offer , which often lump together cruising , land tours and hotel accommodations . Booking just the boat portion of the trip can save you big . Uniworld 's 12-day Highlights of China & the Yangtze package , for example , starts at $ 3,099 . But only three nights of the itinerary are actually spent aboard a riverboat . You could choose to book the cruising portion separately , through Uniworld 's charter , Victoria Cruises , plan the rest of your trip yourself , and sail for as little as $ 470 . Budget Travel : The world 's most amazing hotel pools What about extra costs ? The travel world is rife with hidden fees these days -- except here , for the most part . Some companies include port charges  a standard fee of about $ 100 to $ 150 for a 7 night European cruise  in the original listed price , but others mention it only in the fine print and charge passengers separately . As mentioned , alcoholic drinks are free during mealtime on most ships , but if you 're craving a cocktail at some other point , that will be extra , too . One thing to note : Gratuities are n't automatically added on to river cruise bills as they are with ocean cruises . At the end of a river cruise , envelopes are passed around with suggested  but entirely voluntary  tip amounts written on the front . Budget Travel : 5 popular European river cruises Can I bring my kids along ? Keep these guidelines in mind : If you 're under 50 , you 'll be considered young ; if you 're under 30 , you 'll be a downright novelty ; and if you 're under 4 , then sorry . No dice . Some companies , however , are starting to offer family-travel incentives . Uniworld , for example , is introducing two new itineraries this fall in which 4 - to 18-year-olds travel for half price . That said , whether you want to bring them is another matter . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	About 215,000 North Americans will sail on riverboats this year , up nearly 60 percent since 2004 Service on smaller ships tends to be more personal Unlike the price slashing you 'll find on big-ship ocean cruises , last-minute discounts are rare
CNN  -- Our nation is experiencing a Crisis of Sheer Bottoms . Lululemon recently had to recall its popular yoga pants for being see-through , and now schools across the country are banning leggings from the classroom . Panic everyone ! Girls are walking around with the outlines of their panties showing ! And while this practice is n't what my mother would call "  proper ladylike demeanor , " the personal choice of girls to wear leggings has come under attack . Pajamas in public : The battle of appropriate vs. comfy It 's the result of a common misunderstanding that leggings are pants . They are not . Yet a few girls ' confusion on whether or not leggings are pants should not ruin the true comfort and convenience of leggings for those who understand the difference . I ask you , school administrators , if you have ever tried to put on a pair of freshly dried jeans in the morning , after the bliss of wearing your lightweight , loose PJs . The shock of restriction can be depressing . Devastating . Morale-killing . There are simply some days I can not mentally handle the thought of wearing pants . And it is in these moments of mental weakness that I turn to my knight in shining cotton-spandex-blend : leggings . LZ Granderson : Parents , do n't dress your girls like tramps I make this choice mainly because of the way leggings create a similar silhouette to pants -- one that can not be achieved by wearing other trouser-alternatives such as shorts , skirts or dresses -- without creating the dreaded muffin top . In fact , if you 're going to restrict anything , it should be the extremely distracting bulge that occurs when an individual has on a pair of too tight , too low-rise jeans . Muffin tops are universally uncomfortable and unflattering and should be banned as such . Leggings , however , fulfill a niche within the wardrobe of every woman . They 're neither pants nor tights . When paired with a tunic -- a top that covers the outline of a lady 's underwear -- the resulting look is perfectly nondistracting , and shows less skin than shorts or skirts . It 's flattering and a more slimming look than the extra thickness leggings would add under a skirt or dress -- the only way some schools want them to be worn . Ultimately , fashion is a form of self-expression , and students should be allowed to experiment with their personal style , especially during the formative years of middle and high school . Fashion trucks bring style to you The problem we have here is an educational one . As places that aim to encourage self-improvement and development , schools should work toward teaching students why social norms -- like not wearing leggings as pants -- develop before they force students into following questionable dress code solutions . Teach a girl that a fish is not a cow before showing her how you would catch it , rather than forcing her to eat the fish with a side of steak in an attempt to demonstrate the difference . Otherwise , you might just end up with more muffin tops . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lucie Zhang .	Leggings can be school attire when worn correctly , fashion blogger Lucie Zhang writes Schools should focus on student development rather than wardrobe , she says Have an essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN  -- Wayne Rooney scored a hat-trick as champions Manchester United retained their 100 % English Premier League record this season with a remarkable 8-2 thumping of injury-hit Arsenal at Old Trafford . United dominated the Gunners who suffered their worst ever Premier League defeat . With Manchester City winning 5-1 at Tottenham also on Sunday , it proved a superb day for the two Manchester clubs , who are level at the top with a maximum nine points from their three games . What now for Arsenal and Fabregas ? In contrast , north London rivals Tottenham and Arsenal are struggling at the other end of the table , with Tottenham at the bottom without a point and Arsenal fourth from bottom with just one point . Arsenal , who sold star players Cesc Fabregas and Samir Nasri this month , were always struggling to cope with the home side once Danny Welbeck headed United into the lead following hesitancy in the defense . And Arsenal then wasted a golden chance to level when captain Robin Van Persie 's penalty was saved by United keeper David De Gea after Jonny Evans pulled back Theo Walcott . United soon made them pay when Ashley Young curled home a superb second before Rooney 's brilliant free-kick made it 3-0 . Walcott pulled a goal back for Arsenal just before half-time from an acute angle , but United restored their advantage with another trademark Rooney free-kick in the 64th minute . By now , United were running riot , and Nani made it 5-1 after being left free in the penalty area to clip the ball into the net . Substitute Park Ji-Sung added a sixth before Van Persie scored from close range to make it 6-2 . Arsenal then had defender Carl Jenkinson sent off for a second yellow card -- meaning the club have had a player dismissed in each of their first three matches . And soon after , Rooney completed his hat-trick from the penalty spot after Walcott 's foul on Nani . The humiliation was completed when Young matched his first-half strike with another superb effort in injury time . The defeat , the first time Arsenal had conceded eight goals in a league game since 1896 , increased the pressure on manager Arsene Wenger , with new signings expected to arrive before the deadline for trades on Wednesday . "  Of course it hurts , it 's humiliating , but you could see that we had not recovered physically in the second half from Wednesday night 's win over Udinese , " Wenger told the official Arsenal website . "  We were short in some areas , that is for sure . They have class and they punished us . It was 3-1 at half-time and I think that was harsh against us . "  We missed a penalty , we had a chance to get back to 3-2 . We tried desperately to get back but we opened ourselves up and were punished . Their finishing was great today , " added the Frenchman . United 's performance was matched by the dazzling display of big-spending rivals Manchester City , with Bosnian striker Edin Dzeko scoring four goals in their rout of Tottenham at White Hart Lane . With Frenchman Nasri in fine form on his debut following his move from Arsenal , City were too strong for Spurs , and they went ahead in the 34th minute when Dzeko scored from Nasri 's cross . And the duo combined again seven minutes later when Dzeko scored with a clever back-header from Nasri 's cross . Dzeko completed his hat-trick early in the second half when he tapped in Yaya Toure 's cutback . The home side pulled a goal back when Younes Kaboul headed in Rafael van der Vaart 's corner . But Sergio Aguero soon restored the three-goal advantage with a brilliant drive from outside the penalty area . And Dzeko curled home his fourth and Manchester City 's fifth in injury time . The result leaves Harry Redknapp 's side without a point along with Blackburn and West Bromwich Albion , who suffered their third straight defeat 1-0 at home to Stoke Sunday . In Sunday 's other Premier League match , Newcastle beat Fulham 2-1 at home with two goals from striker Leon Best .	Wayne Rooney scores a hat-trick as Manchester United thrash Arsenal 8-2 It is the first time Arsenal have conceded eight goals in a league game since 1896 United are level at the top with Manchester City , who hammer Tottenham 5-1
Wired  -- Growing up in Colorado , Calvin Seibert spent a lot of time at construction sites . Back then , the artist was thousands of miles away from an ocean , but that did n't stop him from building castles out of the massive mounds of sand . "  In the evening when everyone left for work and before the sun set , I 'd find a pile of sand and start making stuff , " he recalls . A few decades later , Seibert is still making sand castles , though today they tend to be much , much more sophisticated . His castles resemble less the complicated towers and moats of fairy tales and more the brutalist structures of his architectural inspirations like Paul Rudolph , Gottfried Bohm and Giovanni Michelucci . "  I always had an affinity for architecture which I attribute to growing up in a neighborhood and town that was constantly under construction , " he says . "  As I was becoming more aware of the architecture in the wider world , Brutalism was one of the styles of the moment . " Read more : Incredible historical photos from one of the world 's best museums With their exacting geometric shapes and sharp edges , you might think his sculptures require molds or other helpful gizmos . But Seibert , who 's fabricated sculptures for years as an artist 's assistant , has a surprisingly simple tool kit : A 5-gallon pail to haul water and sand , a plastic placemat for leveling surfaces and a little chunk of plastic for getting those sharp edges . "  It 's literally a plastic $ 1.50 tool you pick up at a hardware store , " he says . The key to getting those precise shapes  aside from lots of practice , Seibert says  is making sure the texture of the sand is just right . Sand that 's too dry is weak and crumbly . Too wet , and it 's hard to shape . There 's no perfect ratio , but Seibert explains the ideal texture is similar to the sand you 'd find if you dig about 6 inches down on the beach . "  It 's easy to pack and will hold long enough to maintain the form . " Seibert shapes everything by hand , roughly packing each piece of a structure and then refining and leveling it with his simple tools . This is an entirely different method from the elaborate sandcastles you see in competitions , which are actually made by building an enormous solid block of sand then carving into it like a sculptor does with a hunk of stone . Carving means dragging and dragging means a rougher , more jagged surface . Seibert 's castles are perfectly smooth , like the top of an hand-sanded piece of wood . "  I 'm really just packing things together like a child might build a sandcastle , " he says . "  You get a much smoother surface by doing it this way . " Read more : Striking Photos of the Rooms Where VIPs Shape History He tends to build his castle right at the edge of the tide , close enough to have easy access to water in case he has to dampen his piles of sand , but far enough to ensure the structures are safe during the building process . Seibert says he 's not attached to his creations , in fact , he likes the idea that they 're temporary . "  It 's about the process , " he says . "  Building ` sand castles ' is a bit of a test . Nature will always be against you and time is always running out . Having to think fast and to bring it all together in the end is what I like about it . " Each summer , Seibert has followed a routine : "  I walk to Penn Station , take the train out to Jones Beach , I walk for 40 minutes so I 'm so far out I can build a castle and have it be there several days later because no one 's bothered it , " he explains . But this year things will be a little different . The artist is devoting his entire summer to sand projects , and he might even end up with a book of his work sometime later this year . "  I 'm actually going to spend this summer doing nothing but building sandcastles , " he says . "  I wo n't be working , except on the beach . " Read more on WIRED : China 's giant new warplane will look awfully familiar to the U.S. air force Amazon could save Twitter from a fatal stall Check out early storyboards from the original Star Wars trilogy Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Calvin Seibert constructs geometric sand castle sculptures with precision He only uses a pail , a plastic placemat and a $ 1.50 plastic tool for the edges Seibert shapes everything by hand , roughly packing each piece
CNN  The day after a CNN investigation uncovered airport employees access airplanes and tarmacs without undergoing daily security screening , officials admitted that no one checks criminal backgrounds after workers are hired . "  It 's fair to say that once an employee survives an initial background check ... which gives them access to the airport ... they do n't go back and check criminal history ? " asked Rep. John Katko , R-New York , chairman of a House Homeland Security subcommittee , on Tuesday . "  That is correct from my knowledge , " said Gary Perdue , the FBI 's deputy assistant director of counterterrorism . These security loopholes and others threatening U.S. airports were critiqued at a hearing before the House Subcommittee on Transportation Security , where lawmakers questioned current regulations guiding airport security . The hearing followed three recent breaches in Atlanta , including a gun smuggling operation in December , involving a Delta baggage handler and passenger . The baggage handler allegedly brought the guns to work , entered the gate area and passed the weapons onto a passenger who had already gone through security . A CNN investigation found that only two of the nation 's major airports -- Miami International Airport and Orlando International Airport -- require all employees with secure access to pass through metal detectors . The Miami airport also conducts random criminal background checks after hiring employees . Miguel Southwell , the general manager of Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , where the breaches occurred , expressed support for implementing full screening of employees with access to secure areas of the Atlanta airport Tuesday , but he did not specify if and when this screening will begin . "  We recognize that 100 % screening of airport employees has operational and cost challenges , " Southwell said in his written testimony . "  But the unmistakable fact , as recent events suggest , is that we need to be consistently vigilant in our efforts . " "  Any system is only as strong as its weakest link , " Southwell added . Southwell said the Atlanta airport will begin reprogramming employee badges to limit the number of points employees can enter secure areas of the airport . Mark Hatfield , the acting deputy administrator of the Transportation Security Administration , said the TSA is now examining these breaches to determine what investments and policy changes may be necessary . Hatfield cited a 2008 study by the Homeland Security Institute that concluded random screening of airport employees proved nearly as effective as 100 % screening , but he added an updated study could benefit current discussions . Katko questioned the logic of spending billions of dollars per year on passenger screening while not implementing similar security for employees . "  What good is all the screening at the front door if we are not paying attention enough at the back door ? The answer is common sense , " Katko said In 2014 , the TSA performed 7,234 hours of random employee screening in Atlanta and 257,979 hours of nationally , but at Tuesday 's hearing , Hatfield said the Atlanta breaches show U.S. airports remain "  open " and "  porous " to threats . "  We can do better , " he said .	Security loopholes threatening U.S. airports are critiqued at a hearing before a House panel Congressman : What good is screening passengers if we never check airport workers ?
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Catherine Schmidt-Jones , or Kitty as she 's known to her friends , is , in her words , "  an obscure music teacher in Champaign , Illinois . " Kitty Schmidt-Jones , whose Connexions modules have been viewed over 7 million times But that 's not strictly true : Schmidt-Jones is far from obscure . Through her online music courses , she has reached thousands of people and her teaching material has been viewed online -- over 7 million times . Schmidt-Jones is just one of a growing number of professors and teachers who are using the Web site Connexions  cnx.org  to reach potential students . And what 's more , they 're doing it for free . Connexions was set up by Rice University professor Richard Baraniuk in 1999 . He wanted to produce learning materials for his electrical engineering students , but was frustrated by how expensive and slow it would be to produce a textbook . "  The access was going to be limited -- it would only be available to just a few students from the United States , " he told CNN . "  In the developing world , it would basically not be available at all . "  And the production process is just incredibly slow . For example , to get Pluto out of all of our nation 's textbooks will take a decade . By then , Pluto will be reinstated as a planet , so we 'll have to put it back in . " So Baraniuk decided to do something different . At the time , he was learning about Linux software . It dawned on him that its open source concepts could be adapted for education . "  I realized that there was a better way that was enabled by information technology , where we could author textbooks as a community and make them free and open for people to use and reuse , " he explained . On the Connexions Web site , authors can upload bite-sized chunks of learning materials called "  modules . " Modules can be strung together to form whole courses , or "  collections . " Anyone can build a collection from any combination of modules -- so , for example , a module on Shakespeare 's Hamlet could appear in collections on literature , Elizabethan history or dramatic arts . This building-block approach means that courses can be adapted both for personal use and by teachers who can tailor each collection for a particular curriculum , class or even an individual student . To ensure the quality of its content , the site supports peer-review and endorsement of modules by third parties and all material is attributed to the author . And once a collection is assembled , a textbook version can be printed on demand through third-party Qoop for around $ 24 -- considerably less than the cost of most college textbooks , but still enough to pay the author a slice of the royalties . "  A lot of the back-end that 's been handled by traditional publishers can be handled very efficiently by this new breed of information technology , " Baraniuk explains . "  So we can lower the cost for everybody , sometimes to zero for materials that are online . " The Connexions formula is certainly working . Today , the site has nearly 5,000 modules written by university professors , school teachers and other educators , and while most are in the sciences  reflecting its roots  the arts and humanities are growing . The content attracts 600,000 users a month , ranging from K-12 children to university-level engineering students . Fifty percent of its traffic comes from outside the United States , with 30-40 percent coming from the developing world . And as the site grows , Baraniuk is seeing a rise in the number of people using its modules , especially in the arts and humanities , for informal learning . Even governments are starting to notice its potential . Connexions recently obtained an Official Memo of Understanding to supply Vietnam with course materials , with more partner countries in the pipeline . And Connexions is crossing language barriers , too . While most of the site 's modules are in English , the site 's volunteer translators help meet the demand for educational materials in other languages , where translation and production of traditional textbooks is often prohibitively expensive . "  My particular book in Connexions is fairly popular , " Baraniuk explains , "  But I was translated by three volunteer engineering students in University of Texas , El Paso and my book is far more popular in Spanish than it is in English . "  That really gives you a sense of the global reach . " But perhaps its most striking benefit is the site 's ability to connect talented educators who would not have considered going the traditional publishing route , like Catherine Schmidt-Jones , with people who want to learn but do n't have access to books . Those authors are seizing the opportunity to pass on their knowledge . "  I do n't think any publisher of music textbooks would even have looked at my material , " Schmidt-Jones told CNN . "  For me to go to a publisher and say , ` Hey I 'm a really good writer , you should look at my textbooks ! ' -- I do n't think that ever would have happened . " While she writes with her students in mind , Schmidt-Jones 's work has been used by people from North America to Australia , Argentina to Uganda . She gets emails every week from teachers and students who 've found her material helpful : "  Your explanation of minor keys and scales saved my theory life . Thanks , " reads one example . "  Thank you for the great explanation of perfect intervals ! It was very helpful to our class , " reads another . It 's this response that 's prompted her to write more for the site . "  Doing something that 's so wildly popular , it makes me feel good about myself . It 's a pat on the back that I 'm doing the right thing and that people appreciate it , " she told CNN . Schmidt-Jones currently has 167 modules available through Connexions . Some she can knock off in an afternoon . The more complex modules , with sound files , figures and diagrams , can take a couple of days to write . Schmidt-Jones fits this around her tutoring -- it 's what she does for fun . She 's also helped a friend of hers publish on the site . Richard Baraniuk praises her work highly . "  She is just the tip of the iceberg of a new community of authors who are going to be able to really enrich and enliven educational material for everyone , " he told CNN . And through Connexions , they can reach an eye-poppingly wide audience . "  They can really amplify their impact to a truly global level , " he said . And for Schmidt-Jones , it 's an outlet for her passion for teaching . "  I 'm convinced that making a good education available to everyone is one of THE answers to fixing all the things that are wrong with the world , " she told CNN . "  It 's difficult to express how exciting it is to feel that I 'm actively contributing to an effort to do that . " ... . Can open-source online learning replace the textbook ? Should we give our knowledge away for free ? Share your thoughts and read others ' views in the Just Imagine forum . E-mail to a friend	Web site Connexions holds free learning materials Site takes its inspiration from open-source Linux software 600,000 people use the site monthly , many from developing countries The site lets teachers and students build and print their own tailored courses
Aurora , Colorado  CNN  -- James Holmes , the suspect in Friday 's shooting of dozens of people at a Colorado movie theater , was a "  nice guy " who worked well with children , said a man who worked with him at a summer camp four years ago . "  I would never have thought he would do something like that , " said Gabriel Menchaca , who worked with Holmes at Camp Max Straus in the summer of 2008 . "  He was a little isolated , but he was , you know , a nice guy , " Menchaca told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien on Monday . He could n't believe it when he realized his former co-worker was the suspect in the shootings . "  Once I saw it was him , I was shocked . ... Something made him do a big change like that . I had no idea that later on he would be a murderer , a killer , " Menchaca said . Holmes is due in court Monday , where he is likely to face charges of first-degree murder in connection with the shootings that left 12 dead and 58 injured . Holmes , a 24-year-old doctoral student in neuroscience , was arrested outside the Century 16 multiplex early Friday . He 's accused of opening fire in the crowded theater during a midnight screening of the new Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Holmes was not involved in any incidents at the summer camp , Menchaca said . Camp Max Straus caters to needy children ages 7 to 14 , and is run by Jewish Big Brothers Big Sisters of Los Angeles , which confirmed his employment but would not offer further details or comment . "  It 's a big responsibility to work in a camp like that , and he was living up to it . He was pretty good , " said Menchaca , who did not stay in touch with Holmes after they worked together four years ago . Holmes applied to join a gun range in June , but the range 's operator said Sunday that he was disturbed by the "  weird and bizarre " message on Holmes ' answering machine . "  It was weird , " said Glenn Rotkovich , managing partner of the Lead Valley Range in Byers , Colorado . "  I did n't know what kind of message was left by this idiot . We need to know if he 's an idiot before we let him have access to our range . " Rotkovich told CNN that Holmes sent in an online application on June 25 . Rotkovich said he called the number Holmes left on the form , only to get a message he said was largely unintelligible . He said the voice was "  guttural , freakish , maybe drunk . Just weird and bizarre -- a deep , guttural , forced voice . " Paying tribute to the victims Rotkovich said Holmes did n't call him back . He left another message , and said he was again disturbed by the voice on the machine . "  It bothered me so much I told my staff , ` If this guy shows up , he gets nothing until I meet him , ' " he said . He said he tried calling Holmes a third time , again with no response , then quit . Holmes never called back , nor did he come to the range in Byers , about 40 miles east of Denver . But when news broke Friday of the bloodbath in a theater in the Denver suburb of Aurora , Rotkovich said one of his staffers remembered the name and saw that it matched reports of the suspect in the killings . Shooting survivors recount Colorado horror Pictures obtained of Holmes show a tall , bright-eyed , dark-haired young man , in contrast to the man a law enforcement official said had dyed his hair red and identified himself as "  The Joker " after his arrest . And authorities recovered a Batman poster and mask from his apartment , a law enforcement source with direct knowledge of the investigation said Sunday . It 's an image difficult to reconcile for those who know him as a clean-cut , quiet graduate student . He entered the University of California , Riverside , in 2006 on a scholarship and graduated with highest honors with a bachelor 's degree in neuroscience in 2010 . "  Academically , he was at the top of the top , " Chancellor Timothy P. White said . UC Riverside police have no record of any contact with Holmes , the university said . Neither did police at the University of Colorado School of Medicine , where Holmes enrolled in 2011 as a doctoral candidate in its neuroscience program at the Anschutz Medical Campus in Aurora , university officials said in a statement released Sunday . Holmes ' sole brush with the law in Colorado appears to have been a 2011 summons for speeding from Aurora police . But there are indications that something may have been amiss in Holmes ' life in recent months . He withdrew from the program in June , though "  he gave no reason for his withdrawal from the graduate school , " said Jacque Montgomery , a spokeswoman for the University of Colorado . He received many deliveries over the past four months to his home and work addresses , which police believe begins to explain how he got his hands on some of the materials used in the rampage and found in his booby-trapped apartment , Aurora Police Chief Paul Oates told reporters Saturday . Holmes purchased four weapons and more than 6,000 rounds of ammunition in recent months , Oates said . Police : Evidence of ` calculation , ' ` deliberation ' in Colorado shooting Police have n't disclosed any motive for the attack or explained Holmes ' appearance at the time of his arrest , citing an ongoing investigation . Holmes was dressed in black , wearing a ballistic helmet , a tactical ballistic vest , protective leggings , a throat and groin protector , and a gas mask during the attack , police said , and witnesses say they did not see his face because of the mask . Unlike most people his age , Holmes does not appear to have a social media footprint -- no accounts with Facebook , Twitter or Tumblr , though authorities are investigating whether he posted a profile on the sex website Adult Friend Finder . The profile contains a picture of a man with fiery red hair , a law enforcement source said . Police believe it may be a picture of Holmes , said the source , who was not authorized to speak to the media . The profile said it was created by a 24-year-old man from Aurora and has since been taken down . Adult Friend Finder said Sunday that it "  values the privacy of its members " and would not confirm the identity of any users . The site will respond to police inquiries "  as may be required by law , " company spokesman Lindsay Trivento said in a written statement . The man who grew up in the upscale northwest San Diego neighborhood of Rancho Pe  asquitos was renting an apartment in Aurora , according to police and realty records . Tom Mai , a neighbor of the Holmes family in San Diego , described Holmes as "  clean-cut , quiet , responsible . " At the time of his arrest , Holmes was living in a small , three-story brick building on Paris Street in Aurora , in Apartment 10 , within walking distance of the university . Massacre suspect 's neighbor : ` I 'm counting my lucky stars ' Robots reveal ` unique ' setup in suspect 's apartment Gunman turns movie into surreal horror : ` This is real ' Opinion : Can we feel safe in a crowd anymore ? CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Susan Candiotti , Nick Valencia and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	James Holmes worked well with kids at a summer camp , a one-time co-worker says "  Once I saw it was him , I was shocked , " Gabriel Menchaca says The suspect 's "  guttural , freakish " message alarmed gun range manager Holmes was a doctoral student in neuroscience
CNN  -- Prosecutors on Thursday questioned George Anthony , the father of murder suspect Casey Anthony , about gas cans he reported missing around the time his 2-year-old granddaughter disappeared . Casey Anthony 's former boyfriend Anthony Lazzaro testified the day before that he had helped her break into the shed at her parents ' home on June 23 , 2008 -- one week after her little girl , Caylee Anthony , was last seen . According to testimony , however , neither Anthony 's parents nor Lazzaro knew that the child was missing , as Anthony insisted that she was in the care of a nanny at the time . Lazzaro said Casey Anthony called him and told him she had run out of gas . They got the gas cans , and Anthony put the gas in her car herself , he testified . On June 24 , George Anthony called police to report the break-in and report the gas cans missing . He testified that he saw his daughter later in the day and argued with her about the missing cans , because he had a hunch she had them , as she had taken the cans before . Anthony said that when he went to get them out of his daughter 's car , she bristled , brushed past him , quickly opened the trunk and retrieved the gas cans , throwing them down and telling him , "  Here 's your f -- ing gas cans . " The gas cans are significant to the case because a piece of duct tape on them appears to be the same as that found on the mouth of Caylee 's skeletal remains , which were found six months after the child went missing . The type of tape , prosecutor Linda Drane Burdick told jurors in her opening statement this week , is relatively rare . "  I 'm probably the one who put that on " the gas can , George Anthony said , adding that at the time , after Caylee was reported missing , he and his wife were "  running on fumes . ... I 'm trying to do the best I can . " He said that when his daughter returned the gas cans to him , there was no tape on them . But he said a vent cap on one was gone , and he put the tape on "  because I did n't want a gas smell in the shed or house . " George Anthony had several testy exchanges with defense attorney Jose Baez during his testimony , at one point telling him , "  You 're badgering me . You 're trying to get me upset . " In addition to capital murder in Caylee 's death , Casey Anthony , now 25 , faces six other charges , including aggravated child abuse , aggravated manslaughter of a child and providing false information to authorities . If she is convicted by the jurors -- seven women and five men -- she could face the death penalty . Anthony has pleaded not guilty and denies harming her daughter or having anything to do with her disappearance . Baez has said that once all the facts are known , it will become clear that his client is not guilty . The Orlando trial , which comes after nearly three years of legal twists , turns and delays , has garnered interest nationwide . George Anthony testified Tuesday and was re-called to the stand Thursday for part of the morning session . Also testifying Thursday was Ricardo Morales , who dated Anthony briefly in early 2008 before she met Lazzaro . Morales testified that the two continued their friendship after breaking up , to the point that Anthony stayed overnight at his house June 9 and 10 , 2008 . She brought Caylee with her , he said , and the three slept in his bed , with Anthony in the middle . He denied any sexual contact with Anthony while Caylee was in the bed . He said that after June 10 , he never saw Caylee again , but he saw Anthony on July 1 and again on July 15 , when she picked him up at the airport after he had vacationed in Puerto Rico . At no time did she mention that her daughter was missing or had been kidnapped , he testified , and he saw no change in her demeanor . She was "  happy , smiling . She was asking us how our trip was , " Morales said . "  Just normal Casey . " Morales was one of numerous people , including Lazzaro , his roommates and other acquaintances , who said Anthony did not mention Caylee 's disappearance between June 16 , 2008 , the day the little girl was last seen , until the evening of July 15 , when Anthony 's mother , Cindy , reported her missing to authorities . Each witness testified they saw nothing different in Anthony 's demeanor and that she did not tell them her child was missing or had been kidnapped . However , under cross-examination by Baez , those who saw Anthony and her daughter together testified that Caylee was well taken care of and that Anthony , at least to their knowledge , appeared to be a good mother . Dante Salati , who testified that he went to high school with Anthony , testified that he saw genuine affection between her and Caylee . Asked by Baez whether he found it shocking that he would n't notice a change in her behavior after the little girl disappeared , Salati said yes . Melissa England , an acquaintance who shopped and had dinner with Anthony on July 3 , recalled her saying that she was thinking of leaving Orlando for a place with a better school system so Caylee "  could get a better education . " England also testified that Anthony received a call and told some other friends that she had car trouble and could n't go out with them . As she hung up , Anthony remarked , "  Oh , my God , I 'm such a good liar , " England said . Anthony , listening to her testimony , shook her head . England did recall that as she and Anthony were out with others that night , Anthony received several calls and became upset and cried , eventually saying she wanted to leave . England said her boyfriend told her Anthony was arguing with her brother , but Orange County Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. ordered the jurors not to consider that statement after Baez objected . Anthony repeatedly visited at least two nightclubs during the month Caylee was missing and participated in a "  hot body " contest at the Fusion Ultra Lounge . Two women who worked as "  shot girls " selling alcoholic shots to club patrons there testified Wednesday that Anthony was a sort of overseer , telling them where to be and making sure they were n't harmed . Lazzaro and his roommates said that when they asked where Caylee was , Anthony told them she was with her nanny , mentioning that the nanny was taking her to Universal Studios and to the beach . In the early days of the investigation , Anthony said the nanny , who she said was named Zenaida Gonzalez and nicknamed "  Zanny , " had kidnapped Caylee . Authorities were never able to find the nanny but did track down a woman with that name who denied ever meeting Anthony and later sued her for defamation . One friend of Anthony 's , Matthew Crisp , testified that he met her for lunch on July 7 and asked about Caylee . Anthony told him "  she was in Sanford on a playdate with one of her girlfriends who also had a child . " Sanford is about 25 miles north of Orlando . The Anthony 's next-door neighbor , Brian Burner , testified Wednesday that he was doing yard work outside his house on June 18 when Casey Anthony approached him and asked to borrow a shovel "  to dig up a bamboo root . " She returned it about an hour later , he said . George Anthony testified Thursday that he owns several shovels . Prosecutors allege that Casey Anthony , after conducting searches regarding chloroform on her computer , used chloroform on her daughter , then put duct tape over her nose and mouth , suffocating her . Baez , in his opening statement Tuesday , dropped bombshell allegations , telling jurors that Caylee was not murdered at all , but drowned in the Anthonys ' pool on June 16 . He said Anthony and her father panicked upon finding the child and kept it secret . He explained Casey Anthony 's behavior in the month Caylee was missing by alleging that she was sexually abused starting at age 8 by her father and that she had been schooled from a young age to "  hide her pain . " In his earlier testimony , George Anthony denied ever sexually abusing his daughter or that he found Caylee dead in his pool . HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " producers Philip Rosenbaum and Lee Alexander contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Acquaintance recalls Casey Anthony saying , "  I 'm such a good liar " George Anthony testifies about missing gas cans Duct tape on the gas cans appears to match that on Caylee Anthony 's remains Casey Anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter in 2008
Singapore  CNN  -- Lior Peleg cuts an incongruous figure at the Singapore Airshow . Among the suited middle-aged men selling military hardware she looks more like a beach-loving backpacker , casually dressed in a black tank-top with a camera slung around her neck . But what really marks her out among all the arms salesmen touting the newest military technology -- "  lethal but affordable " reads one sign above a missile manufacturer -- is that she one of the few people present with operational military experience . She 's a former drone pilot for the Israeli military and represents the new face of air force pilots . Peleg now works for Israel Aerospace Industries training future operators of unmanned aerial vehicles  UAVs  . Typically they would sit in front of a number of display monitors , often thousands of miles away from the drones themselves , using just a mouse , joystick and ergonomic pad to direct the deadly payload . Training takes only a few months depending on the trainee 's knowledge , she says , and it helps to know something about aeronautics and physics . But so far removed are modern unmanned aerial vehicle pilots from their counterparts in cockpits , that basic computer knowledge is n't even essential before learning to fly a UAV . "  Some  we train  do n't know how to use a mouse , " says Nir Tel-Oren , a senior consultant the Israel Aerospace Industries . "  Not all of our customers are in the modern world , " he adds . Drones have become a huge part of military operations across the world . According to a U.S. Congressional research paper , the U.S. has nearly 7,500 UAVs of all sizes and capabilities , making up nearly a third of all its military aircraft , compared to 2005 when they were one in twenty . That ratio will probably rise in the next few years with some in the industry predicting that within five years half of U.S. military aircraft will be unmanned . Other countries , from the Caucuses to Southeast Asia , are developing their own UAV systems , made possible by their relative cheapness compared to manned aircraft . From the smallest that can be launched by hand to the largest that can be the same size as a Boeing 737 , drones are used to do what most in the industry call the three Ds : dull , dirty and dangerous . The "  dull " part covers missions like border surveillance and maritime patrols that need eyes in the sky for hours at a time . "  Dirty " is much more open to interpretation , but the "  dangerous " part is clearly defined as when a pilot in a similar mission could become a casualty . Tel-Oren was a pilot in the Israeli air force and can recall missions he might rather have not have flown when he was a pilot . While obviously an advocate for unmanned systems , he suggests their role can be divisive , even within his own family . "  My son is a pilot in the air force and we have a lot of arguments . I believe that unmanned technology will take over and do some missions that I would prefer my son not to do ; he thinks otherwise , " he says . More UAVs in missions also brings into question the role of humans in combat environments . As well as keeping pilots out of danger , could keeping a human out of an immediate mission area lead to better , calmer decisions being made during critical missions ? "  It depends on the mission , but you 'll always need to have that critical thinking capability in a pilot , " says Major Rod Secor of the U.S. Army 's Unmanned Aircraft Systems division . "  You need people to assess situations , especially landing in a hot zone of some sort , but I think it is the future for our defense ; more and more unmanned . " Unmanned land vehicles that can offer support behind ground troops or drive themselves in convoys are still being trialed and developed by the likes of Lockheed Martin , but aerial drones are now so prevalent that some in the industry think the market is saturated with manufacturers . Yet as UAV technology improves they are set to become an even more important part of security and military operations -- part of a system that gathers and relays information to other drones , ground control , manned aircraft and satellites . "  They 've become a network of networks , like the internet , " says Tel-Oren , who says IAI alone has a $ 10.5 billion backorder for UAVs and the communications systems they are part of . As well as a different face , Peleg then represents just one small part of this new network changing the way militaries operate . On a human level they are quite straightforward , "  UAVs are easy to fly , " she says . "  Anyone can be trained . "	Unmanned Aerial Vehicles -- drones -- now a huge part of military operations across globe Congressional paper : United States has nearly 7,500 UAVs of all sizes and capabilities Analysts predict half of U.S. military aircraft will be unmanned within five years UAVs in missions raise questions over role of humans in combat environments
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- At Beijing 's East Train Station , some travelers are literally carrying their lives on their back . Passengers crowd a railway platform in Beijing as New Year holiday migrations get underway . "  I do n't know if I 'm going to come back , " said one migrant worker on his way to his home province . "  I might just end up working on the farm . " He was weighed down by a giant pack filled with everything he could call his own . Millions of migrant workers are leaving the cities , returning to their homes in the vast Chinese countryside , for the Chinese New Year holidays . But not all will be celebrating . Many do not have jobs to come back to . They flocked to the urban areas during boom times to earn a better living . Some have not seen their families for years -- the trip home is too expensive . But they have sent money home faithfully every month . When they finally can go home , the journey is long . Watch passengers haul huge bags on journey home " "  I will be standing on the train for 24 hours , " said one man on his way to Zhejiang province on the country 's eastern seaboard . Some will travel much farther . The migrant workers are among 188 million people heading home for the holidays , also known in China as Spring Festival . But the actual numbers might be much higher . Travel is already up significantly compared to last year , when brutal snowstorms stranded passengers for days . Watch this year 's snowstorms grip part of China " This year , more people seem to be going home than usual because of the global economic crisis . There are so many passengers trying to get from one place to another that tickets are hard to come by . Planes , trains and buses are fully loaded to destinations across the country . The train is the most popular option , cheaper than a plane and faster than a bus . But tickets are selling out fast . Some people have waited in line for hours , even days to get a ticket . "  I started standing in line three days ago , " said one man . "  There 's no way to buy the ticket . " Others stood at the entrance to Beijing 's East Station with signs . "  Need two tickets to Weihan " or "  Want to go to Inner Mongolia . " Some blame the ticket shortage on scalpers who are hoarding tickets , then re-selling them for a profit . One man said he wanted 100 yuan or $ 15 more per fare and indicated he had tickets to multiple destinations . The Chinese government has cracked down on scalpers , arresting more than 4,000 . But many Chinese think scalpers are more of a solution , than a problem . One woman told us she bought a ticket from a scalper because there was no other way . All the tickets to her hometown were sold out days in advance . The desperate hunt for tickets is a sign this could be China 's most massive mass migration ever . And with the Chinese economy slowing down so much , so fast , this may be the last time some people are making the trip .	Downturn could make this year 's Chinese new year migration biggest ever Many will spend several days traveling to see family and friends With rail tickets scarce , scalpers are able to charge inflated prices
Chardon , Ohio  CNN  -- Prosecutor David Joyce said Tuesday that 17-year-old T.J. Lane has admitted taking a .22 - caliber gun and a knife into Chardon High School on Monday morning and firing 10 rounds , choosing his victims randomly . Asked by Judge Timothy J. Grendell during a preliminary hearing if he understood his rights , Lane said softly , "  Yes , sir , yes , I do . " Lane will continue to be held in detention , and charges must be filed by 4:45 p.m. March 1 , the judge ordered . Joyce predicted Lane will be tried as an adult . "  Absolutely , " he said . "  It 's a matter of law in the state of Ohio . At 17 years old , committing an act like this . " He predicted the high school sophomore will be charged with three counts of aggravated murder "  as well as other counts . " "  I guarantee that this was an aberration , this does not represent our community , " Joyce told reporters . "  He chose his victims at random . This is not about bullying . This is not about drugs . This is someone who is not well and I 'm sure , in our court case , we will prove that to all of your desires and we will make sure that justice is done in our county . " Grendell said the court had tentatively scheduled a hearing for March 19 "  should there be a filing of a motion for transfer to the adult court . " Earlier Tuesday , a third student died of wounds suffered in the shooting , hospital officials said . Demetrius Hewlin died Tuesday morning , MetroHealth Medical Center said in a statement . Russell King Jr. , 17 , was declared brain dead early Tuesday , according to the Cuyahoga County medical examiner 's office . Student Daniel Parmertor died Monday . "  We are very saddened by the loss of our son and others in our Chardon community , " Hewlin 's family said in a statement released by the hospital . "  Demetrius was a happy young man who loved life and his family and friends . We will miss him very much , but we are proud that he will be able to help others through organ donation . " Police Chief Tim McKenna said the motive remained unclear . Students have described Lane as a withdrawn boy . Lane told authorities that he stole the gun used in the shootings from his uncle , a source told CNN on Tuesday . A law enforcement source said the weapon had been purchased legally . Police found the gun inside the school , apparently dropped by the suspect as he fled , the source said . One other student wounded in the shooting remained hospitalized Tuesday . A fifth victim was released , officials said . Geauga County Sheriff Daniel McClelland said the community has a long way to go before it can put the shooting behind it . "  Now we move to another important phase , " he said . "  And while the investigation continues and we still look for the why and what and who , we now deal with a community looking to heal . " A prayer service at the Church of St. Mary in Chardon sought to speed that healing . Hundreds of people spilled outside the front of the church . Inside , those assembled applauded as school and police officials were introduced . "  These are great people and out of a very , very , very terrible tragedy , they 'll rise again and they 'll make this an even greater town , " Gov. John Kasich told reporters outside the church . Heather Weinrich , a 2004 graduate of the school , said she drove an hour with her elementary school-age son to attend the event because she wanted him to know what happened and she wanted to support her school . Zack Barry , an 18-year-old senior at the school , said he was overwhelmed by the turnout of support . "  It made me feel very good , " he said . Classes in the tightly knit community of 5,100 , about 30 miles east of Cleveland near Lake Erie , are to resume Friday . But staff , students and parents will be encouraged to return to district schools for visits and counseling on Wednesday and Thursday , Superintendent Joe Bergant said . iReport : Shooting at Chardon High School Some of the victims were students who were in the cafeteria waiting for a bus to take them to Auburn Career Center , a nearby vocational school that they attended , said Maggie Lynch , the school 's superintendent . Lane is a student at Lake Academy Alternative School , a school for at-risk children , said the school 's interim director , Don Ehas . In a statement Monday , Parmertor 's family said they were "  torn by the loss . " "  Danny was a bright young boy who had a bright future ahead of him , " the family said . Lawyer Bob Farinacci , speaking for Lane 's family , said Monday night that the suspect was "  extremely remorseful . " "  Very , very scared and extremely remorseful , " he told CNN affiliate WKYC . "  He is a very confused young man right now , " Farinacci said . "  He 's very confused . He is very upset . He 's very distraught . " Like others in Chardon , Lane 's family also has been left groping for an explanation . "  This is something that could never have been predicted , " Farinacci said . "  T.J. 's family has asked for some privacy while they try to understand how such a tragedy could have occurred and while they mourn this terrible loss for their community . " With little to go on to help make sense of the violence , many turned to cryptic Facebook postings by the alleged shooter for a glimpse into Lane 's mindset -- especially a long , dark poetic rant from December 30 . The post refers to "  a quaint lonely town ,  where there  sits a man with a frown  who  longed for only one thing , the world to bow at his feet . " "  He was better than the rest , all those ones he detests , within their castles , so vain , " he wrote . Lane then wrote about going through "  the castle ... like an ominous breeze through the trees , " past guards -- all leading up to the post 's dramatic conclusion . "  Feel death , not just mocking you . Not just stalking you but inside of you , " it says . "  Wriggle and writhe . Feel smaller beneath my might . Seizure in the Pestilence that is my scythe . " The post concludes with : "  Die , all of you . " Farinacci said Lane was a "  fairly quiet and good kid " with good grades who was doubling up on classes to graduate in May . "  He pretty much sticks to himself but does have some friends and has never been in trouble over anything that we know about , " he said . But just before class started Monday , witnesses say , Lane silently walked up to a table of students , holding a gun . As he opened fire , the shooter was expressionless , a student recalled . "  He was silent the entire time , " said student Nate Mueller , who said his ear was grazed by a bullet . "  There was no warning or anything . He just opened fire . " Monday 's death toll might have been higher had it not been for the actions of assistant football coach and study hall teacher Frank Hall . Students said Hall chased the gunman out of the school , and police arrested the suspect nearby a short time later . "  Coach Hall , he always talks about how much he cares about us students , his team and everyone , " said student Neil Thomas . "  And I think today he really went out and he proved how much he cared about us . He would take a bullet for us . " Similar praise was given to math teacher Joseph Ricci , whom 10th-grader Kaylee O'Donnell said made sure his students were safe before donning a bulletproof vest and entering a hallway , where he pulled a wounded student inside . "  You 're pretty brave in risking your life for students , " she said . "  I actually was sitting with a girl , and she asked if we could pray and I 'm like ` Yes , please . ' So me and her quietly did that and a couple of my friends . " Asked how she would feel when she returns to school , she said , "  It 's not going to be the same , but I still feel safe . " The shooting has had national repercussions . "  Violence like this should not be tolerated in our society , " said House Speaker John Boehner . "  But let 's be honest -- there are about 250 million guns in America . They are out there but people should use them responsibly . " CNN 's Scott Thompson , Laura Dolan , Lateef Mungin , Martin Savidge , Lisa Sylvester and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	"  She asked if we could pray and I 'm like ` Yes , please ' , " says 10th-grader Suspect T.J. Lane has admitted to school shootings , prosecutor says He is likely to be tried as an adult , Ohio 's attorney general says Three students died from the Monday attack in Chardon , Ohio
CNN  -- Mitt Romney says that after more than three years of a Barack Obama presidency , the United States is uncharacteristically pessimistic about the future of its children . The GOP presidential nominee said Thursday at the Republican National Convention that America 's immigrants would always arrive confident that they could build a better life , and "  that in America their children would be more blessed than they . " "  But today , four years from the excitement of the last election , for the first time , the majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future , " Romney said . Fact Check : Trimming the Pentagon The facts : Polls do appear to show a recent , downward trend in optimism for kids ' futures , and four polls from two different organizations since 2009 indeed had a majority of adult respondents saying they do n't expect today 's children to be better off than their parents . But these results are n't unheard of . A poll also showed this type of result some 16 years ago . Let 's start with the more recent surveys . Consider this set of four Rasmussen Reports polls , from January 2009 to this year . January 2009 : 47 % said today 's children would n't be better off than their parents . October 2009 : 62 % said so . March 2011 : 60 % July 2012 : 65 % The question for the July 2012 Rasmussen poll was : "  Will today 's children be better off than their parents ? " The national survey of 1,000 adults had an error margin of + / - 3 % . Similarly , an April 2011 Gallup/USA Today poll had the pessimists in the majority , with 55 % saying it was either somewhat unlikely or very unlikely that "  today 's youth " will have a better life than their parents . Here 's how those Gallup/USA Today numbers looked from 2008 to 2011  sample of 1,013 adults , with a + / 4 % margin of error  : February 2008 : 33 % somewhat/very unlikely December 2008 : 42 % March 2009 : 40 % January 2010 : 38 % October 2010 : 48 % April 2011 : 55 % Gallup also keeps a collection of older , CBS News/New York Times poll results that used the same question : October 1996 : 42 % January 1998 : 34 % December 2001 : 27 % January 2003 : 31 % Reports of majority pessimism , however , are not unique to the last three years . The Pew Research Center reported it in 1996 , and near-majority pessimism in 2002 and 2006 . Here are some Pew results : 1996 : 55 % said children will be worse off . 1999 : 36 % 2002 : 50 % 2006 : 50 % The 2002/2006 Pew surveys asked : "  When children today in the U.S. grow up , do you think they will be better off or worse off than people are now ? " The 2006 survey polled 2,250 people and had a margin error of + / - 2 % . The 1996 and 1999 surveys asked : "  Looking to the future , do you think most children in this country will grow up to be better off or worse off than their parents . " Conclusion : Surveys in the past three years , from two different organizations , show the majority of respondents do n't expect today 's children to be better off than their parents . But a poll from a third organization also showed this level of attitude back in 1996 . Fact Check : ` You did n't build that ' -- A theme out of context CNN 's Jason Hanna and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Mitt Romney says most Americans "  for the first time " doubt that children will have better future than them Some polls indeed have shown this level of doubt since 2009 But majority pessimism is n't unheard of ; Pew Research Center recorded it in 1996
CNN  -- An Israeli business tycoon whose company was cited by the U.S. State Department for allegedly having trade relations with Iran has died . Sammy Ofer died Friday after battling an illness , his representatives said . He was 89 . Ofer 's company , Tanker Pacific , recently was named by the State Department as one of seven companies who were involved in trade with Iran , thereby breaching international restrictions imposed as part of an effort to suppress Tehran 's nuclear program . Deputy Secretary of State James Steinberg said Ofer 's company is on the list of businesses "  engaged in activities related to the supply of refined petroleum products in Iran . " Ofer 's company publicly denied the accusations and referred to them as a possible "  misunderstanding . " "  We are acting together with Israeli officials and our advisors in Washington to remove our name from the list of sanctioned companies ... the company does not have any dealings , business or otherwise , with anyone that violates this embargo , " the company said in a statement released last week . The revelation set off a public controversy in Israel , with questions being raised about what dealings the company had with Iran and what the Israeli government knew about such activities . Members of the Ofer family have argued this week that they have acted under the authority of the state of Israel , a claim that was bluntly denied by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  We did not approve any docking or unloading of commodities in Iran . Israel has a very clear policy with regard to Iran and no sort of relations with it are allowed , " Netanyahu said Monday . A Knesset hearing into the matter earlier this week was canceled just as it was beginning under unusual circumstances when the chairmen of the committee , Carmel Shama , ended the session immediately upon receiving a personal note . Shama did not disclose the identity of the writer but said "  it did not come from a political or from a business-related source . "	Sammy Ofer was 89 One of his companies was recently accused of having relations with Iran The relations with Iran breached international restrictions , officials allege
CNN  -- On most mornings , my better half wakes up around 5:30 , throws on some sweats and heads to the gym before work . About a half hour later , I wake up my 13-year-old son , go downstairs to the kitchen to make his breakfast and pack his lunch . Once he 's out the door , I brew some coffee and get to work . Ladies and gentlemen , may I present to you the "  gay lifestyle " -- run for your heterosexual lives . I understand opponents of gay rights must highlight differences in order to maintain the "  us against them " tension that 's paramount to their arguments . But this notion that sexual orientation comes with a different and pre-ordained way of life -- as if we 're all ordering the No. 3 at a drive thru -- only highlights how irrational groups such as Focus on the Family , the Family Research Council , the American Family Association and others like them are in this whole debate . Pro-marriage organizations try to stop two consenting adults from marrying . Pro-family groups try to stop stable couples wanting children from adopting unloved orphans . And somehow , me doing something like going to the grocery store threatens the very fabric of society , as Oklahoma State Rep. Sally Kern spewed . She says "  the homosexual agenda is destroying this nation " and "  homosexuality is more of a threat than terrorism . " I 'm not sure what her idea of a gay lifestyle might be , but with a growing teenager , buying and cooking food dominates my day-to-day . I do n't worship Barbra Streisand , I do n't watch any TV show with the word "  Housewives " in its title and I love fishing , beer and Madonna . But more important , I 'm just a father trying to keep my son away from drugs , get him into college and have a little money left over for retirement . I 'm no sociologist but I 'm pretty sure those concerns are not exclusive to gay people . In one of the most pivotal scenes in the biopic "  Milk , " Harvey Milk , played by Sean Penn , gathers a group of community organizers and activists to come up with strategies to combat a 1978 ballot initiative that sought to ban LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  teachers and their supporters from working in public schools in California . As the small crowd settles down , Milk quickly glances around the room and says . . "  If we 're going to convince the 90 percent to give a -- about us 10 percent , we have to let them know who we are ... " "  What " we are -- be it gay , straight , black , white -- is simply window dressing . "  Who " we are is where the substance is , where the person is , where our humanity is . Too often , discussions about gay people and gay rights focus on sex , as if a person 's entire being is defined by his or her Hollywood crush . This fixation has been the crux behind attempts to link gay men to pedophilia -- from John Briggs , a state legislator from Orange County who introduced the proposed ban on gay teachers in California , to the Catholic League 's Bill Donohue , whose recent attempts to excuse the church for its global scandal coverup by seemingly blaming homosexuality -- and it 's a tactic that is evil incarnate . "  The vast majority of the victims are post-pubescent , " Donohue recently said on "  Larry King Live . " "  That 's not pedophilia , buddy . That 's homosexuality . " Actually , Bill , sexual predators whose victims are 13 - to 17-years-old are called hebephiles -- a la Joey Buttafuoco , Madeleine Martin and Heather Kennedy -- not homosexuals . And that still does n't explain why the church opted to save face as opposed to , in the words of the infamous anti-gay figurehead Anita Bryant , "  Save our children . " Being gay does n't dictate how people live their lives any more than being straight does . There are gay people who go to church every Sunday and straight people who do not believe in God . There are single gay men who believe in the sanctity of marriage and married straight men who apparently do not -- such as Gov. Mark Sanford , ex-Sen . John Edwards and Sen. John Ensign , to name a few . The truth is the only thing all gay people have in common -- you know , besides being gay -- is that we face continuous rhetorical , social and legal attacks for simply existing , thus potentially making something as mundane as bringing a date to a work function a fight-or-flee situation . And yet , even in the face of that discrimination , LGBT people all handle it differently . Some of us live in the closet , some of us do drag every Wednesday night , some of us are Republicans hoping to be change agents within a conservative sect and some of us are apathetic Democrats too dumb to carry on a conversation about anything other than Lady Gaga . In other words , we 're just as diverse , intolerant , upstanding and tragic as our straight counterparts and unless there is an annual meeting I do n't know about , the only item on the much talked-about gay agenda is an abbreviated passage from the Declaration of Independence -- "  We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal . " In 29 states , people can be fired simply for being gay regardless of their education , experience or job performance ; servicemen and women can be dismissed from the military regardless of their qualifications , dedication and courage ; and partners are unable to see their better halves in the hospital regardless of the love , commitment and life they share . Wanting to be judged by the content of one 's character is n't a special right , it 's a constitutional one guaranteed by the 14th and 15th amendments . And yet , 145 years since the abolition of slavery , 90 years since women were allowed to vote and 20 years since the Americans with Disabilities Act , we 're still involved in McCarthy-like investigations , holding Briggs-like elections and taking opinion polls based solely upon "  what " someone is as opposed to "  who " they are . It 's sad . We 're such a great nation , still full of great hope and promise and yet we keep being tripped up by ignorance , which leads to fear and then eventually hate . Being gay is n't a choice , but being a bigot certainly is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Is grocery shopping , getting my son off to school the "  gay lifestyle " ? Granderson : Nonexistent gay lifestyle keeps up an "  us against them " tension Gay rights foes drum up the fear of a link between gay men and pedophilia , he says He writes : Being judged by the content of one 's character is a constitutional right
CNN  -- A 34-year-old man is in custody in connection with a fatal subway incident over the weekend in New York City , police said Tuesday . A man was pushed to his death from the subway platform into the path of the D train on Sunday . Bronx resident Wai Kuen Kwok , 61 , was killed by the incoming subway train , police said . Kwok 's wife was with him and was taken to the hospital for trauma , though she was not physically injured . Kwok was standing on the platform at the subway station at 167th Street and Grand Concourse when he was apparently pushed . First responders arrived at about 8:45 a.m. , and Kwok was pronounced dead at the scene . The suspect then fled the station . As of late Tuesday , no charges have been filed , according to Lt. John Grimpel . CNN 's David Shortell and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	No charges have been filed against a 34-year-old man being held A man was pushed to his death from a subway platform Bronx resident Wai Kuen Kwok , 61 , was killed by the incoming train
CNN Student News  -- February 14 , 2014 Love may be in the air this Valentine 's Day , but many people in the U.S. Northeast wo n't be stepping outside . Today , we 'll look at what could be the worst storm they 've faced this winter . We also cover a giant telecommunications deal , a lawsuit involving the president , and a look at some very happy homecomings . Please note there will be no show on Monday 's Presidents Day holiday . The daily program will resume Tuesday , February 18 . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What perspectives would consumers need to hear in order to formulate opinions about a possible corporate merger ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What title does Jack Lew have in the U.S. Cabinet ? 2 . What U.S. federal agency is responsible for overseeing the farming industry and helping ensure that the food supply is safe ? 3 . What is the most commonly spread stomach virus ? 4 . What river in England has been flooding Somerset and other areas after a series of winter storms ? 5 . What Central American nation , soon to be home to the region 's largest hydroelectric dam , is the only country that borders both Nicaragua and Panama ? 6 . Vladimir Putin is the current president of what country ? 7 . Francois Hollande is the current president of what country ? 8 . Government officials from what country met with officials from Taiwan for the first time since 1949 ? 9 . What have U.S. lawmakers suspended , allowing the national debt to exceed $ 17.2 trillion ? 10 . What U.S. senator announced that he is suing the president and some federal agencies over their collection of phone and email data ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Casey Anthony walked free from a Florida jail early Sunday morning , three years and one day after she was first arrested for her role in the disappearance and , eventually , death of her 2-year-old daughter . Anthony walked out of the front door of the Orange County Jail at 12:09 a.m. with her lawyer by her side and two Special Response Team officers with green vests . Sheriff 's deputies had two contingency plans laid out , but in the end opted to go with a public release . "  We have made every effort to not provide any special treatment for her , " said Allen Moore , the spokesman for the Orange County Corrections Department in a statement . "  She has been treated like every other inmate in her custody class . " Anthony had not received threats against her at the jail , but "  this release had an unusual amount of security . So therefore , in that sense , it would not be a normal release , " Moore said . With $ 537.68 from her inmate account handed to her , Anthony offered a quick thanks to a Special Response Team sergeant . She then walked out of the jail building doors and into a dark-colored sport utility vehicle . Her hair was pulled up in a tight bun and she had on a bright pink V-neck T-shirt , blue jeans and sneakers . She did not show any emotion . Given the threats against her life by those furious at the not-guilty verdict , Anthony 's lawyers have not said where she will go next . News helicopters that tracked the SUV showed it head to downtown Orlando and into the parking garage of her lawyer Cheney Mason 's office . Throngs of television camera crews and a crowd of about 1,000 people were at hand outside the jail to witness the release . Most of those who waved placards in the jail parking lot were there to voice their opposition to Anthony 's release , but they did so peacefully . Police , some on horseback , kept a wary eye . As Anthony left , some demonstrators shouted and jeered . Some screamed , "  Killer ! " The Orlando woman 's release comes 12 days after a jury acquitted her on murder and child neglect charges . That verdict brought an abrupt end to a six-week trial that drew intense media hype for its elements of family drama and mystery over what happened to young Caylee Anthony . While Anthony was cleared on the more serious charges , the jury of seven women and five men did convict her on four counts of misleading law enforcement agents who were investigating Caylee 's whereabouts . Orange County Superior Court Chief Judge Belvin Perry Jr. gave Anthony credit for time served in determining the release date . She was initially taken into custody on July 16 , 2008 , and had been jailed -- with some brief exceptions , having been freed on bail on multiple occasions -- for most of the past three years . Her toddler girl 's skeletal remains were eventually found in a wooded field not far from the home of Casey Anthony 's parents in December 2008 , seven months after she was last seen . Protesters on Sunday staged a silent march between the parents ' home and where the toddler 's remains were found , which has been turned into a memorial site . They said they wanted the day to be about Caylee and not about Anthony being released from jail . Prosecutors tried , unsuccessfully , to convince jurors that Anthony used chloroform to render her daughter unconscious and then duct-taped her mouth and nose to suffocate her . Her defense lawyers , meanwhile , painted Caylee 's death as an accident , claiming that she 'd drowned accidentally at the family pool and that Casey and her father George Anthony both covered it up . The questions about how Caylee died , and who was responsible , remain open . But a more immediate issue is what happens next to the girl 's mother , who attracted intense anger , revulsion and even sympathy from a public that she will once again be a part of . While there have been cash donations to her jailhouse account , the more widespread sentiment is against Casey Anthony , with many believing she got away with killing her daughter . This fury has led to speculation that the polarizing subject of the "  I Hate Casey Anthony " Facebook page -- and the source of ire for its more than 40,000 fans -- might change her name and appearance , and move someplace far away . "  If her attorneys are doing the right thing and are doing their jobs , they 're going to have to explain to her that there is real hatred out there for her , that there have been death threats , that she can not just walk amongst the population , " HLN legal contributor Sunny Hostin said . "  That is not just going to happen . " Florida corrections officials , and Anthony 's lawyers , have offered few details . That 's in part likely due to the intense emotions Anthony 's release has generated . "  I know it 's bad God Forgive me but i hope someone wipes that smirk off her face . With a mack truck , " one poster on the "  I Hate Casey Anthony " Facebook page wrote . Visiting the Orlando site where Caylee 's remains were found , Rebecca Stone said she believed the toddler 's mother "  put her here " -- even if the jury did not reach the same conclusion . When asked about what 's next for Casey Anthony , the Flowery Branch , Georgia , mother of two told CNN , "  I do n't think she will be alive for long . " An Oklahoma woman said she has already faced the kind of ire Anthony may face when she 's no longer behind the protective walls of the Orange County Jail . Sammy Blackwell told CNN affiliate KOTV that a woman who mistook her for Anthony on July 8 rammed her car twice , flipping it over . "  She said that I was trying to hurt babies , I was killing babies and she was going to stop it before it happened again , " Blackwell told the station . As it happens , Blackwell has a daughter named Caylee too , but that 's the end of the similarities . She says she really does n't even look that much like Anthony and worries for women who do . Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said Tuesday that investigators are assessing threats to Anthony 's safety . While he said the department was not aware of any credible threats to her life , it 's a concern that was clearly on his mind . "  Nobody has a right to take the law in their own hands , " he said . "  Casey Anthony had her day in court and the jury made a decision . I would hope people would step back and would not go out and commit another crime . " It 's also a concern for her attorneys . "  Myself and other members of the team are concerned for her safety , very much so , " one of her attorneys , Dorothy Sims , told HLN . What Anthony will do now is unclear . "  If I knew at this point , I 'm sure you can appreciate that I would n't tell you , " Sims said . "  I do n't believe that that has been resolved . My hope for her would be that she would be left alone and her privacy would be respected . " Hostin said on CNN that she 's heard reports that Anthony will go into hiding , live under an assumed name or get plastic surgery . "  But I think we are going to hear her story , because people have offered her a million dollars already for her story , " she said . Anthony also still has legal issues to deal with . Her criminal team is appealing her convictions for misleading police , and she is being sued in two separate actions in civil court . One is filed by a woman with the same name Anthony gave to investigators as the name of her daughter 's fictitious nanny . The other involves a search group that wants Anthony to repay expenses they incurred looking for Caylee . Anthony may be offered money for book and movie deals , but one offer wo n't be on the table . Playboy founder Hugh Hefner told CNN 's Piers Morgan that the magazine wo n't be offering Anthony a pictorial . "  I would n't reward someone like that for what has happened , " Hefner said . Defense attorney Mason , who once said he thought of Anthony as a granddaughter , said he does n't know what life holds in store for his client , but has hopes . "  She is only 25 years old . A decade from now , hopefully , she 'll have some stability in her life and maybe a husband , and they can be somewhere in Montana and start over , " he said . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Martin Savidge and journalists Mike Pearson and Catherine Callaway contributed to this report .	Sheriff 's deputies had two contingency plans "  This release had an unusual amount of security , " county corrections spokesman says Anthony is given $ 537.68 from her inmate account The SUV carrying her heads to her lawyer 's office
The trial of nongovernmental organizations accused of operating illegally in Egypt is slated to resume Tuesday as the case fuels a diplomatic rift between the United States and Egypt . A total of 43 workers are on trial after authorities targeted 10 NGOs in a series of December raids . The defendants include 17 foreigners -- 10 Americans , three Serbians , two Germans , a Norwegian and a Palestinian . The rest are Egyptians . The employees were charged with operating in Egypt without being officially registered and receiving foreign funding . Egyptian officials said their work contributed to international interference that was stoking continued protests against the government . The case of the NGOs sparked one of the worst crises in Egyptian-American relations at the time . "  We continue to make very clear our objection to what we view as these politically motivated trials , and urge the government to stop trying these individuals and instead resolve any outstanding issues that they may have on this matter on a government to government basis , " Mark Toner , deputy spokesman for the U.S. State Department , said Monday . A group of American , European and Palestinian defendants had been under a travel ban that was eventually lifted . Most left Cairo after posting about $ 132,000 each in bail money . They will be tried in absentia . Sixteen Americans were part of the group , including Sam LaHood , the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . American Robert Becker chose to stay in Cairo and face state prosecutors . If found guilty , Becker could face up to six years in an Egyptian prison . But he says it 's a risk he 's willing to take . "  It 's a concern . But again , at the end of the day , the guys that I 'm going to be in the cage with are part of my family , " said Becker , who was working with the National Democratic Institute . "  I keep saying captains stay with their crew . There is no way that I would be able to live with myself being safely in the United States if they were potentially facing a jail term . " Becker has experience as a political organizer , with skills greatly in demand in a suddenly re-politicized Egypt . "  Part of our mandate at the NDI was that we trained and we taught everybody , from Islamists ... nationalists , liberals , socialists " and supporters of ousted President Hosni Mubarak , Becker said . "  So it was thousands of them . " Becker 's colleague , Hafsa Halawa , said she is confident justice will prevail . "  We 're not guilty of these crimes , " Halawa said . "  Regardless of the political issues surrounding the case , people cry it 's a bogus charge . " If the trial ends with acquittal , however , victory will be bittersweet for Becker . His employer , the NDI , paid his bail and continues to cover his legal expenses , but terminated his services . The other groups targeted by the raids include Freedom House , the International Center for Journalists and the Konrad Adenauer Foundation . A group of American lawmakers have said Egypt 's action could mean the end of $ 1.3 billion in U.S. aid . In a letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , 41 members of Congress urged the administration to withhold aid to Egypt until the country 's leadership allows the offices of those organizations to reopen and returns seized property .	43 defendants are on trial , many in absentia American Robert Becker is staying in Cairo to stand trial If convicted , he could face up to six year in Egyptian prison U.S. official : We object to what we view as politically-motivated trials
In the neon canyons of Hong Kong 's Tsim Tsa Tsui -- Hong Kong 's main urban shopping precinct -- the proliferation of one type of shop has cropped up along its bustling streets in recent years . Slotted in between the malls and luxury brand boutiques , the shops open onto the street and are bathed in a harsh fluorescent light . Inside , they sell a limited and identical range of dried goods , off-the-shelf pharmaceuticals , dried baby formula -- and very little else . "  Most of our customers are mainland Chinese , " said one shop employee , who requested anonymity , as he frantically tapped data into the shop 's computer . "  I do n't know how many we get through here a day -- a lot . " For some local Hong Kongers , the shops represent an assault on the amenity of the city and highlight an economy geared increasingly to the needs of cashed-up Chinese day-trippers , rather than local people . "  The truth is that most mainlanders who come are not real tourists , " columnist and TV show host Michael Chugani wrote recently in an opinion piece for the South China Morning Post . "  They are grocery shoppers . Hong Kongers have to compete with them not only for daily necessities but also for space on the MTR  mass transit system  , in restaurants and shopping malls . " Increasing visitor numbers For Hong Kong locals this is not about to change any time soon . Hong Kong 's Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development Greg So Kam-leung predicted visitor numbers to Hong Kong would jump from last year 's 54.5 million to 70 million in three years , the bulk of whom will be mainlanders . The figure , he said , is likely to climb to 100 million by 2023 . Last month , about 100 radical Hong Kongers descended on Tsim Tsa Tsui to protest against the growing phenomenon , waving placards describing mainland shoppers as "  locusts , " hurling abuse at Chinese tourists and scuffling with police . Demonstrators staged a follow-up protest at the nearby Mongkok shopping precinct in Kowloon the following weekend , wheeling suitcases  viewed as a ubiquitous accessory for mainland Chinese shoppers  , causing congestion outside shops by faking "  shopping fatigue " and yelling "  I have come to buy baby milk powder " in fractured Mandarin at visitors . Protest backlash The protests , however , also sparked a strong backlash . A group calling itself The Voice of Loving Hong Kong organized counter-protests in Mongkok and the Hong Kong government has even looked at amending its race hate laws to protect mainland visitors . "  The government understands that growth in the number of tourists has a certain level of impact on the lives of Hong Kongers . But tourism has contributed a lot in creating job opportunities . It makes up 4.5 % of our economy , " So Kam-leung said . Nevertheless , some Hong Kongers have expressed alarm at the strain on its resources from the influx of mainland Chinese . Even Beijing 's top official on Hong Kong affairs this week acknowledged the extent of the problem , telling a closed meeting of of Hong Kong delegates at the annual National People 's Congress in Beijing that the problem "  had been taken note of . " Laws introduced last March limit the purchase of infant milk formula to just two tins for travelers leaving Hong Kong . A series of mainland food scandals -- most notably in 2008 when milk formula adulterated with melamine caused infant deaths across China -- has sparked an ongoing run on Hong Kong 's top brands . ` Zero-birth quota ' The Hong Kong government lin 2012 also introduced a "  zero-birth quota " policy to curb the number of pregnant mainland women having emergency deliveries in Hong Kong in order to gain Hong Kong residency and other benefits for their children . In 2011 , a record 43,982 mainland mothers gave birth in Hong Kong , according to local health officials , placing a massive strain on the city 's hospitals . "  Protests mocking mainland visitors as locusts and protesters mimicking mainlanders by wheeling suitcases in shopping malls are over the top , " Chugani told CNN . "  But although these protests are small , they reflect the genuine feelings of many Hong Kong people who do n't join because they do n't want to be seen as anti-mainlanders . "  I speak fluent Cantonese and most people I talk to say they feel overwhelmed . So while the mocking protests are not justified , they do send a message shared by most Hong Kong people . " Rising costs In many cases , it is the growing economic strength of mainland China that has raised tensions . Hong Kongers fear that rising commercial rents and an almost unbroken bull run on residential property prices , fueled in part by mainland Chinese demand , has priced them out of their own city . Hong Kong property agent Barry Ma , convener of a loose grouping that opposes increased mainland influence in Hong Kong , told CNN at a small rally at Sha Tin in Hong Kong 's New Territories that they wanted to strengthen the "  one-country , two-systems " policy that underpins the relationship between Hong Kong and Beijing . "  Hong Kong is an open society and we welcome everyone , " Ma said . "  The problem is not just housing or education or our hospital and medical system -- it is our whole environment ; it is just so crowded now . "  Tai Po where I work is the last district in Hong Kong before the mainland and we just receive so many people coming down from Shenzhen , " he said . "  Even people who do n't care about politics are starting to complain -- they are starting to hate mainland people . "  Catching a train used to take just five minutes but now you need an hour to organize it ; there are just so many people . " For those mainland shoppers fortunate enough not to run into the small groups of placard wavers last week , however , Hong Kong offered its usual mix of bargains and brashness . A Shantou resident from east Guangdong in mainland China , who gave his name only as Xie , said he 'd encountered no hostility on a day trip to Hong Kong . "  Hong Kong people have treated us pretty well and the relations between Hong Kongers and mainlanders are fine , " he told CNN .	Hong Kong protests target shopping hordes from mainland China They say local economy is geared to needs of cashed-up Chinese day-trippers , excludes locals Hong Kong visitor numbers are expected to jump from 54.5 million to 70 million in three years Hong Kong taken measures to curb mainland Chinese pressure on maternity beds , baby formula
CNN  -- Spin-bowler Monty Panesar has earned a recall to England 's Test cricket squad for the Ashes series against Australia , due to begin on November 25 in Brisbane . Panesar , who was part of England 's victorious Ashes team in 2009 , is named in a 16-strong party after enjoying a successful domestic campaign for Sussex , in the English county championship . Another player making his England return is Chris Tremlett , who has not played for his country since a match with India in 2007 , and was last involved with the international squad on a tour of New Zealand in 2008 . He gets the nod ahead of Yorkshire 's Tim Bresnan , who has been an ever-present in England squads this summer . The other contentious position was the deputy wicketkeeper spot with uncapped Steven Davies preferred to Craig Kieswetter , who struggled with the bat for his county Somerset this season . Kevin Pietersen , who was left out of England 's one-day international squad for the latest series to gain match practice , is also included in a party captained by Andrew Strauss . England and Wales Cricket board  ECB  national selector Geoff Miller is confident they have selected a competitive squad for the series , saying in an official statement : "  We believe we 've selected an outstanding Test squad for what will be a fiercely contested Ashes series in Australia . Miller also commented on the two returning bowlers , saying they both deserved their opportunities in Australia . "  We feel that following an excellent season with Sussex Monty Panesar deserves his opportunity to assume the role as England 's second spinner behind Graeme Swann , " said Miller . "  We feel that Chris Tremlett 's inclusion will add a real threat of pace and bounce to our bowling attack given the conditions in Australia . " Strauss is quietly confident that his team can retain the Ashes which they won back in a tight series last summer . "  I am excited by the Test squad we have selected for the upcoming Ashes series as I firmly believe we have a number of match winners across all areas of the squad , " he said . "  It 's exciting to have the Ashes as our sole focus from this point on and I know every member of this Ashes squad will be relishing the challenge of retaining the Ashes in Australia . "  To captain England in an Ashes series Down Under is a huge honor and something I am looking forward to with enormous anticipation . " England Ashes Test squad : Andrew Strauss  C   Middlesex  Alastair Cook  VC   Essex  James Anderson  Lancashire  Ian Bell  Warwickshire  Tim Bresnan  Yorkshire  Stuart Broad  Nottinghamshire  Paul Collingwood  Durham  Steven Davies  wk   Surrey  Steven Finn  Middlesex  Eoin Morgan  Middlesex  Monty Panesar  Sussex  Kevin Pietersen  Hampshire  Matt Prior  wk  Sussex  Graeme Swann  Nottinghamshire  Chris Tremlett  Surrey  Jonathan Trott  Warwickshire	Monty Panesar has been recalled to England 's cricket squad for the Ashes against Australia Chris Tremlett has also been selected for the southern hemisphere tour Andrew Strauss : "  To captain England in an Ashes series Down Under is a huge honor "
New York  CNN  -- No one knows whether the tooth fairy will be in attendance , but a tooth belonging to former Beatle John Lennon will go on auction in England on November 5 . American comedians have long derided the English about their teeth , but is anyone going to spend thousands of dollars on what could be one of the more unusual pieces of Beatles memorabilia ? Karen Fairweather , the owner of Omega Auction house , chuckled when asked why anyone would want to buy the molar and noted that some have expressed interest , while others think it 's gross . "  We get a lot of people buying memorabilia as investments , " Fairweather said . "  Or it could just be a fan that really , really wants a part of John Lennon . " The molar , which has some discoloration and a cavity -- probably why it was removed by a dentist -- will be available with a reserve bidding price of just under $ 16,000 . Lennon gave the tooth to Dorothy "  Dot " Jarlett when she worked as his housekeeper at his Kenwood home in Weybridge , Surrey , according to her son Barry . Jarlett , who was employed between 1964 and 1968 , developed a warm relationship with Lennon , her son said . "  She was very close with John , and one day whilst chatting in the kitchen , John gave my mother the tooth  he had been to the dentist to have it removed that day  and suggested giving it to my sister as a souvenir , as she was a huge Beatles fan , " he said . "  It has been in the family ever since . " With the exception of the last two years , the tooth has been in Canada for 40 years after Dot Jarlett 's daughter married a Canadian . Barry Jarlett , who said his mother is now 90 years old , said it was the right time to pass it on rather than to risk the tooth getting lost . Fairweather said that the tooth is too fragile to conduct a DNA test but that she has no doubt about its authenticity . "  Because it 's coming directly from Dot , we do n't doubt the provenance of the item , " she said . Some fans will sink their teeth into anything if they feel it 's worth plunking down thousands to get closer to their idols . A clump of hair believed to have been trimmed from Elvis Presley 's head when he joined the Army in 1958 sold for $ 18,300 in 2009 at Chicago 's Leslie Hindman auctioneers . Jarlett said Lennon gave his family many gifts over the years . He plans to keep a leather wallet , and his mother still has a pearl necklace Lennon gave her when he returned from Japan .	The son of Lennon 's former housekeeper is selling what he says is the singer 's tooth The molar has some discoloration and a cavity Reserve bidding price set at $ 16,000
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama won Guam 's Democratic presidential caucuses Saturday by just seven votes , according to a Guam election official . Voters line up Saturday in Dededo , Guam 's largest village . With all 21 precincts reporting , Obama finished with 2,264 votes , or 50.1 percent . Sen. Hillary Clinton got 2,257 votes , or 49.9 percent . Each candidate picked up two delegates . The presidential candidates were battling for Guam 's four pledged delegate votes . Eight delegates will be elected , each with half a vote at the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , this summer . According to CNN 's latest estimate , Obama now has a total of 1,736 delegates  1,493 pledged delegates , 243 superdelegates  . Clinton has a total of 1,599 delegates  1,334 pledged delegates , 265 superdelegates  . The Democratic contest moves to North Carolina and Indiana , which hold their primaries Tuesday . Also on the ballot Saturday was the race for chairman and vice chairman of the U.S. territory 's Democratic Party . The winners of that race will serve as superdelegates . According to the election official , the slate of Pilar Lujan and Jaime Paulino leads the slate of Joseph Artero Cameron and Arlen Bordallo . Lujan remains uncommitted in the race for president , but running mate Paulino has endorsed Obama . Both Cameron and Bordallo have endorsed Clinton . Incumbent Chairman Tony Charfauros and running mate Mary Ann Cabrera are in third place . Neither has endorsed a presidential candidate . Although called "  caucuses , " Saturday 's event in Guam functions more like a party-run primary . Voters cast secret ballots in polling places as opposed to publicly aligning themselves in presidential candidate preference groups , as in more traditional caucuses , such as in Iowa and Nevada . Polls closed in Guam at 6 a.m. ET . Guam is 14 hours ahead of Eastern time . Cathleen Moore-Linn stood in line for more than an hour outside the old police precinct in Dededo , Guam 's most populated village . Despite the 90-degree tropical heat and a lack of air conditioning at the polling site , she said , "  Nobody left . A lot of manamko ' -LSB- elderly people -RSB- came out to vote . And people were filling out the forms to join the Democrat Party . " At villages in the southern end of the island , which is far less populated , election committee member Nancy Weare says the voting is running smoothly . "  There 's a constant flow of traffic and good voter turnout . " Vying for Guam 's delegate and superdelegate votes in their tight race for the nomination , the two remaining Democratic presidential hopefuls have inundated the island with radio and TV advertisements , each promising long-awaited political gains : the ability for Guamanians to be able to vote for president , lifting the territory 's cap on Medicaid and , perhaps the most coveted prize of all , war reparations in the form of more than $ 120 million . A war reparations bill , sponsored by Bordallo , would issue payments to the survivors of Japan 's control of the island during World War II and would create educational and research programs about the occupation . The legislation is stalled in the U.S. Senate . CNN Research Director Robert Yoon , CNN Political Producer Ed Hornick and special contributor Jayne Flores contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama gets 50.1 percent of the vote At stake Saturday were four pledged delegates Also on ballot : chairman and vice chairman of Guam 's Democratic Party
CNN  -- Zach Johnson took a step nearer the $ 10 million end of season prize after claiming victory at the rain-delayed BMW Championship in Chicago Monday . The 2007 Masters champion , finished the final day with a six-under 65 to secure a two-shot victory over Nick Watney and leave him needing victory at Thursday 's Tour Championship to secure the riches of the FedEx Cup . Johnson , 37 , pocketed a cool $ 1.44 million prize after clinching the 10th title of his career , his first since last year 's John Deere Classic . Difficult "  It 's extremely difficult , " Johnson told reporters after being asked about the challenges of the Tour . "  The parity on the tour and in the world is second to none . I 'm just thankful it has been 10 years and hopefully many more . " While there was joy for Johnson , there was yet more frustration for overnight leader Jim Fuyk . Furyk 's three-year wait for a title goes on following a final round of 71 which left him in third . After losing out to Jason Dufner at last month 's PGA Championship , Furyk missed out on a 16th career title . History The American had made history Friday by becoming just the sixth man on the PGA Tour to card a 59 , but he failed to shine as Johnson and Watney accelerated . While Furyk endured a dismal final day , Watney holed eight birdies to earn a second place finish and move up from 34th to 12th in the FedEx Cup standings . "  I knew I needed to have a good week , " he told reporters . "  The guys ahead of me were ahead of me for a reason . They 've been playing well all year . Luckily for me I kind of pulled everything together . " Woods Tiger Woods finished with a round of 71 to leave him on nine under for the tournament , while Luke Donald booked his place at the Tour Championship with a 66 to qualify 29th out of 30 . Thirty players will compete at East Lake Country Club in Atlanta later this week for the chance to win the $ 10 million playoff bonus .	Zach Johnson won the $ 1.44 million top prize at the BMW Open Johnson fired a final round 65 to finish on 16-under ahead of Nick Watney Overnight leader Jim Furyk finished third following poor final round Johnson can win FedEx Cup prize of $ 10 million with victory at Tour Championship
CNN  -- To be a Texas Rangers baseball fan does n't compare to the prestige of growing up in the shadows of Yankee Stadium , Fenway Park or Wrigley Field . The pinstriped jerseys , classic uniforms and ball caps of those Major League Baseball teams are timeless and have become iconic touchstones in pop culture . It 's easy to be a baseball fan if you root for teams with rich history like the New York Yankees , Boston Red Sox and both Chicago teams , the Cubs and White Sox . Baseball purists must have cringed back in 1972 when the Rangers unveiled the team logo of a baseball wearing a 10-gallon cowboy hat . Calling the Rangers your team meant you truly loved baseball . What 's the power of a good luck charm ? The Yankees spent decades playing in the "  House that Babe Ruth Built " while the Rangers spent most of my childhood playing in an uninspired location . The "  stadium " was a converted minor-league field that looked like an open-air county arena better suited for rodeos than baseball games . But it was our Ebbets Field . Just hours before Opening Day in 1975 , a helicopter was brought in to hover over the wet field to dry out two days worth of rain . The result ? The chopper crashed and gashed the field just beyond third base . It would take another 20 years for the Texas Rangers to taste the playoffs . But the "  Curse of the Rotor Blade " does n't have the same mystique as the Red Sox 's "  Curse of the Bambino " or the Cubs ' "  Curse of the Billy Goat . " The Rangers team was a collection of misfit has-beens and never-would-bes who made every kid think , "  If these guys can be ballplayers , surely I can be one , too . " April 12 , 1991 , was my chance to impress the Rangers scouts . Before the game , I was invited to play in a fly-ball catching contest . After hearing the stadium announcer call my name , I trotted out onto the hallowed grass of Arlington Stadium . A pitching machine launched the first two fly balls toward me , and with thousands of people watching , I snagged both balls . One more catch and the entire stadium would be rewarded with a free medium soft drink from Wendy 's . This is where I learned never to underestimate America 's love for winning free stuff no matter how trivial it might be . The crowd came to its feet and erupted into the loudest cheers I think I 've ever heard . The machine launched a major league pop fly that seemed to take forever to come down . As I started to fall over I put my glove up and felt the ball smack the leather webbing . I got up , looked into the glove and it was still there . That was the first time I was able to scream , "  Free drinks for everyone ! " I ran off the field in glory . I still have that ball . I had all my buddies with me that day autograph it , just like real ball players do . Chicago has its "  Lovable Losers " in the Cubs . Rangers fans needed Lone Star beer to love its losers . Even the most fanatic baseball fan is hard-pressed to name the players who we called our own . Pete O'Brien , Larry Parrish , Oddibe McDowell , Jeff Russell , Gary Ward . Who ? We watched a guy named Charlie Hough throw 50 mph knuckleballs and then puff on cigarettes in the dugout between innings . We went to the stadium and bought $ 4 outfield seats . All for the privilege of watching terrible baseball in the scorching Texas heat , suffering third-degree burns from sitting on the metal bleacher seats . In those early years , the season of hope was usually short-lived . You could count on the Rangers to be out of playoff contention by the end of May , which was fine . We had bigger things to focus on , like the Dallas Cowboys packing their bags for training camp . The losing kept the bleacher seats cheap , which was fine for most fans . One of the best days of my life was witnessing the Rangers battle the Red Sox on April 30 , 1989 , on my father 's birthday . I still have the ticket stub . Hall-of-Famer Nolan Ryan pitched for the Rangers , and future accused steroid user Roger Clemens pitched for the Red Sox . An epic matchup that turned out to be an epic game . We witnessed poetic pitching . Ryan struck out 11 batters . I was in awe . Ryan and Clemens cruised but the Red Sox had a 1-0 lead in the bottom of the eighth inning . Until our favorite Cuban-exile came to the plate , Rafael Palmeiro stroked a beautiful two-run home run down the right field . The Rangers won 2-1 . Outside the stadium after the game , I got Nolan Ryan to autograph my baseball , and then I tried to get Roger Clemens ' autograph and learned a valuable lesson from my dad . Clemens was intimidating . My dad patted me on the back and said , "  Do n't be afraid . Go up to him and ask him for an autograph . " With quivering hands I gave Clemens the ball . Clemens took the ball , and now I can say I 'm the proud owner of Roger Clemens scribble . Most days I 've spent watching Rangers baseball have n't compared to that day . But we Cubans love our baseball , and we 'll take it any way we can get it . In the early 1990s , baseball started to change . The old stadium was bulldozed and replaced with a shrine more fitting of a noble baseball team . The Rangers flirted with the playoffs three times in the late-1990s . They played 10 games and lost nine . It 's the kind of angst and teasing that only Cubs and Red Sox fans can truly appreciate . That brush with success did n't last long . The Rangers ushered in another decade of abysmal baseball that took the team to the brink of bankruptcy . That is until February 2008 , when Nolan Ryan and the new ownership group rode into town and saved the day . In 2010 , under Ryan 's leadership , the Rangers made it to the World Series for the first time in franchise history . SI.com : Rangers ' Ron Washington : World Series hero or goat These modern-day Rangers are a different story . The players probably are n't as fun and crazy as the misfits who sported the long-gone logo of the baseball wearing a 10-gallon cowboy hat , but the team 's manager , Ron Washington , is a throwback to the good old days . Washington dances , struts , mangles the English language in a beautiful way and frantically chomps on sunflower seeds . He is a baseball genius with the heart of a 12-year-old kid cheering the team . In Ron Washington 's world , "  That 's the way baseball go ! " Now the Texas Rangers are on the brink of being World Series champions . The Cardinals , Yankees , Red Sox and Cubs fans look on with envy at a franchise that spent decades as a laughingstock . No one ever imagined we could even have a World Series parade to plan . Arlington , Texas ,  where the Rangers play  has a downtown not worthy of a World Series party . But there is a Six Flags amusement park next to the stadium . Instead of a parade , I think fans should ride the roller coasters with the players . That would be a fitting way to celebrate a tear-jerking relationship full of ups and downs .	The Texas Rangers are on the brink of winning their first World Series The Rangers have been a beleaguered team for more than 20 years Ed Lavandera : Calling the Rangers your team means you "  truly loved baseball "
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- In a ruling read to a tension-filled courtroom , an Italian jury on Monday cleared Amanda Knox of murder and other charges , nearly four years after she was arrested on suspicion of having killed her roommate in this picturesque Italian university town . There was an audible gasp in the courtroom as the verdict was read , then an eruption of emotion , prompting the judge to call for silence . Knox herself was nearly hysterical , according to CNN 's Matthew Chance , and had to be assisted out of the courtroom by two people . The jury evidently believed Knox 's impassioned final statement to the court , delivered in a voice trembling with emotion . "  I am not what they say I am -- perverse , violent . ... I have n't murdered . I have n't raped . I have n't stolen , " Knox said in the most important speech of her life . Her co-defendant , Raffaele Sollecito , was also cleared of involvement in the 2007 death of Meredith Kercher , a British exchange student and Knox 's roommate in Perugia . "  We 're thankful that Amanda 's nightmare is over , " Knox 's sister , Deanna , said on the courthouse steps , getting a roar of approval from the crowd . "  She suffered for four years for a crime she did not commit . " Deanna Knox thanked her sister 's attorneys and "  people who took the time to research the case and could see that Amanda and Raffaele were innocent , " for supporting the Knox family . The same jury , however , upheld Knox 's conviction on the charge of defamation against Patrick Lumumba , an early suspect in the case . She had accused club owner Lumumba of killing Kercher . Lumumba was arrested , but released after his alibi checked out . He later sued Knox , winning 40,000 euros  $ 54,000  in damages . Knox was sentenced Monday to three years on the defamation charge , but received credit for the years she has already spent behind bars , said her attorney , Carlo Dalla Vedova . "  We 're satisfied with the decision of the court , " Dalla Vedova told CNN . "  We were expecting the rectification of this mistake . " He said Knox is ready to go home , but has said she will return to Italy . "  She always confirmed she was a friend of Meredith , " he said . As the verdict was read in court , Kercher 's family grew emotional . "  We respect the decision of the judges but we do not understand how the decision of the first trial could be so radically overturned , " the Kerchers said in a statement , issued through a journalist close to the family , after returning to their hotel on Monday . "  We still trust the Italian judicial system and hope that the truth will eventually emerge . " Some of those gathered outside were unhappy with the ruling , shouting "  Shame ! Shame ! " Among those outside the court were a handful of college-age Italians and Americans , including two young Italian men who told CNN they disagreed with the ruling and believe Knox and Sollecito are guilty . One of them , Frederico Finali , 18 , is a student at the same university Kercher attended . Finali said he is studying international communications . "  I am very upset with Italian justice , " said a woman who gave her name as Veronica and said she is a fourth-year law student in Perugia . The legal process , she said , had gone "  very , very bad . " "  This family needs some justice , " she said of the Kerchers , "  and more important , you know , the real truth of the story . " She said a majority of those in Perugia "  absolutely " agree with her , adding , "  I 'm not satisfied . " Knox and her defense team succeeded in overturning a conviction handed down two years ago by a different jury , which found her and Sollecito guilty of killing of Kercher , who was sexually assaulted and her throat slashed . "  I am innocent , " Knox said Monday . "  Raffaele is innocent . " Sollecito put his claim simply in his own closing statement before Knox spoke . "  I have never hurt anybody , " he said . As he concluded , he dramatically removed his plastic "  Free Amanda and Raffaele " bracelet , saying : "  I have never taken it off since it was given to me . ... I think now is the moment to take it off . " His voice almost inaudible , he concluded , "  I hope this is part of history and that Amanda and I have a future . " Knox was expected to go back to jail to complete her release paperwork and gather her belongings before leaving for the last time . As one van pulled up outside the prison , the sound of cheering could be heard from inside . A few minutes later , a black van pulled away from the prison and was chased by photographers . Rocco Girlanda , a member of the Italian parliament who became an advocate for Knox , confirmed that Knox was inside . "  Amanda was incredibly happy , " Girlanda said , adding that Knox will leave Tuesday for Seattle , her hometown . She was greeted at the prison by cheers and shouts of "  well done , " prompting her to jump for joy , he said . Knox was headed to meet her parents nearby after leaving the prison , he said . "  Her first desire is to lie down on a green field . " In Washington , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said , "  The United States appreciates the careful consideration of this matter within the Italian judicial system . " The U.S. Embassy in Rome will continue to provide consular assistance to Knox and her family , she said . "  I am glad that the appeals court gave Amanda the fair hearing that she deserves , " said U.S. Sen. Maria Cantwell , D-Washington , who had helped push for the appeal , in a statement . "  All countries must live up to their international commitments to provide a fair trial by an impartial tribunal to those accused of crimes . "  Amanda 's parents , family and friends have been through an incredible ordeal , " Cantwell said . "  We are all thankful that she will be free to return to Seattle as soon as possible . " Sollecito 's father , Francesco , told CNN in a brief conversation the family was driving towards home . "  We are now starting to talk , " he said . "  I ca n't say more . Raffaele is very spaced out . " Knox 's lawyer Luciano Ghirga reminded the jury Monday that they had to be convinced "  beyond a reasonable doubt " that Knox and Sollecito were guilty if they were to uphold the conviction . At least four members of the jury -- composed of six members of the public and two judges -- must have concluded they did , indeed , have doubts about her conviction . A majority ruling was all that was needed to throw out the conviction , with a tie favoring the defense . The actual vote will remain secret , but the main judge , Claudio Pratillo Hellman , will file a statement explaining the jury 's reasoning within 90 days of the ruling . Knox and Sollecito were convicted of murder , sexual assault and related crimes related to Kercher 's death in December 2009 . A third man , drifter Rudy Guede , was convicted separately of involvement in the killing and is serving 16 years . In the appeal , lawyers for Knox and Sollecito picked apart DNA evidence that played a role in the original conviction . Part of the original prosecution case was based on DNA evidence found on a knife and on a bra clasp belonging to Kercher . During the appeal , experts for the two sides battled over whether the DNA evidence was reliable . They also fought over the character of Knox . The lawyer for a man falsely accused of the crime called Knox "  Lucifer-like , demonic , Satanic , " while Sollecito defense counsel Giulia Bongiorno insisted that , like the buxom cartoon temptress Jessica Rabbit in the movie "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? " Knox is not bad , just "  drawn that way . " Knox herself acknowledged the debate Monday in her closing statement . "  People always ask ` who is Amanda Knox ? ' " she said . "  I am the same person I was four years ago . ... The only thing that now separates me from four years ago is my suffering . "  In four years , I 've lost my friends in the most terrible and unexplainable way . My trust in the authorities and the police has been damaged . I had to face charges that were totally unfair , without any basis . And I am paying with my life for something I have n't done . " Knox was 20 and Kercher was 21 years old , studying at Perugia 's university for foreign students , when Kercher 's semi-naked body was found in the house they shared . Sollecito , 23 at the time , was Knox 's boyfriend , studying computer science at another university in Perugia . Either side can appeal this court 's ruling to Italy 's High Court , but such an appeal would be on narrow technical grounds only . CNN 's Hada Messia , Antonia Mortensen , Matthew Chance , Paula Newton and Chelsea J. Carter and journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	Knox 's first desire , friend says , is to "  lie down on a green field " Knox will leave Italy for Seattle on Tuesday , friend says She is greeted at a prison with cheers and shouts of "  well done " The jury deliberated for more than eight hours
