London  CNN  -- According to the United Nations ' mission in Iraq , 712 Iraqis were violently killed in April 2013 . This is both normal and extraordinary . It is normal because it pales into comparison beside the monthly death toll in the worst years of the country 's civil war . It is extraordinary because it is the highest such figure since that civil war subsided five years ago . Understanding the violence requires grasping three confluent trends : the increasingly authoritarian streak of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , the rise of both peaceful and violent protest among Iraq 's aggrieved Sunni minority  a fifth of the population  , and , finally , a regional trend of worsening sectarian tensions between Shia and Sunni Muslims . Each of these strands is tightly woven together . It was the invasion of Iraq a decade ago and the subsequent empowerment of its Shia majority that sparked fears of what Jordan 's King Abdullah famously called a "  Shia crescent " from Syria to Iran . Prime Minister al-Maliki spent his years of exile under Saddam in both those countries , and is widely seen as having aligned Iraq more closely to Iranian interests -- for instance , allowing Iranian over-flights of arms to the Assad regime . This diplomatic shift compounded a political one . Al-Maliki has undermined political institutions that were designed to be independent , such as the central bank and election commission . He has seized personal control of key army and intelligence units , many of them CIA-backed , including the 6,000-strong Iraqi Special Forces . Read more : Iraq at crossroads as bombs explode When the last American troops left Iraq at the end of 2011 , al-Maliki pounced . Vice-President Tareq al-Hashemi , the most senior Sunni figure in the government , was forced to flee Iraq and was later sentenced to death . A year later in December 2012 , hundreds of bodyguards and staff of Finance Minister Rafi al-Issawi , another senior Sunni , were arrested , triggering major protests . And on April 23 , the situation worsened when Iraqi forces backed by helicopters killed dozens of peaceful Sunni protesters in the town of Hawijah . The town was seen by nearby Kurds as a conduit for suicide bombers , and the government claimed that the protesters were harboring militants from a Sunni militant group called the Naqshbandia Order . Maliki established a ministerial committee to look into the Hawijah episode and has made a few other concessions , but the damage was done : a previously peaceful movement has grown angrier and , in places , more violent . Taken together , Maliki 's heavy-handed and sectarian actions have fanned flames that were never really extinguished . The result is a powerful sense of Sunni victimhood with many policies , such as de-Baathification  the removal of Saddam 's party loyalists from positions of influence  , seen as little more than collective punishment of Sunnis . The new wave of Iraqi protest embodies this trend . The protests are concentrated in Sunni-majority provinces . Protesters frequently excoriate Iran 's influence in Iraqi politics and acclaim the Sunni-majority Free Syrian Army  FSA  fighting the neighboring Assad regime . Sometimes , their slogans are nakedly and belligerently sectarian . This naturally alienates many Iraqi Shias , who resent being associated with a foreign power and see the FSA as retrograde , Saudi-backed jihadists rather than freedom fighters . They are also likelier to see Maliki 's various power-grabs as necessary steps to bring order and security to Iraq in the face of a growing regional and domestic threat from Sunni extremists such as al Qaeda and its ideological brethren . Iraq 's increasingly autonomous Kurds , buoyed by potentially vast oil reserves , share some of these fears and sit in uneasy alliance with Shia political groups . Indeed , the Syrian civil war has widened Iraq 's sectarian divisions and created a source of major instability . In March , around 50 Syrian soldiers who had fled into Iraq were ambushed and killed . The single most powerful Syrian rebel group , Jabhat al-Nusra , is an offshoot of al Qaeda in Iraq , and its personal and logistical networks run across the Syria-Iraq border . If al-Assad were to fall , this would have a catalytic effect on parts of Iraq , amplifying Sunni militancy and resulting in a flood of weapons of fighters across the border . Does this mean that Iraq is fated to return to the dark days of 2006-2007 , when death squads were run in the heart of government and Baghdad faced waves of ethnic cleansing ? It is important to note that while Iraq itself bleeds , the Iraqi state is strong . Al-Maliki is vulnerable in Sunni-majority areas where the Sunni militias of the al-Sahwa movement provide security , but his large and cohesive security forces serve as a buffer against wider chaos . Moreover , many Sunni groups are eager to keep the violence in check , having previously suffered greatly at the hands of al Qaeda in Iraq . It is certainly too early to talk about the country 's break-up . Next year 's parliamentary elections will be a pivotal moment . At the last elections in 2010 , the Sunni-dominated but secular Iraqiya bloc won more seats but could n't form a government , and eventually let Maliki take the top spot . This time round , it will be harder for Maliki to outmaneuver his political rivals : they have learnt that power sharing is a sham , and the Kurds are in a stronger position . In provincial elections held last month , Maliki 's coalition saw its vote share decline , with many of his harder-line Shia Islamist rivals faring better . Another victory for Maliki under contested conditions would produce severe political instability , especially if present levels of violence continue . The imperative is for political accommodation , reconciliation , and compromise . Yet Maliki is unlikely to opt for this route as long as he feels he can keep his grip on power with the help of his swollen army , paramilitary , and intelligence apparatus . There is no obvious way out for Iraq . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Shashank Joshi .	Monthly death toll has doubled in Iraq ; now highest figure since end of war Increasing toll is related to authoritarian streak of PM Nuri al-Maliki , says Shashank Joshi Joshi : Sectarian is closely linked to protests , concentrated in Sunni-majority areas Too early to talk about Iraq 's break-up , he says , but there 's no obvious way out of violence
CNN  -- Welcome back to work , Congress . Hope you enjoyed your fourth full week off this year . Now find a way to work together to help get America back to work . Experts all say not to expect any constructive action from Congress until after the election . There is a reason that cynicism passes for wisdom in Washington . But with economic clouds from overseas depressing our own recovery , there is an obligation to act now . And , in fact , there is a handful of bipartisan bills that could help get the U.S. economy moving again if they were enacted . These are not Democrat or Republican ideas -- they are simply good ideas . And unlike bipartisan pork barrel bills , they cost taxpayers comparatively little to enact . Let 's take a look at three proposals with bipartisan support that could pass this summer if given a chance . Public-Private Infrastructure Bank The bipartisan BUILD Act is a no-brainer that has been stalled for no good reason . It would create a public-private bank to seed investment in America 's aging infrastructure , improving our resilience and competitiveness over the long term while spurring the economy in the near term . "  In a time of budgetary crisis , the American Infrastructure Bank pays for projects with private money now sitting on the sidelines , " attests Michael Likosky , director of NYU 's Center on Law & Public Finance . "  Every country uses private capital to build projects except for the United States . We are an island . " "  We are poised for a new era of prosperity if we could gain consensus on the fact that our infrastructure needs to be rebuilt , " agrees John Hofmeister , the former CEO of Shell Oil . "  It was designed for a time in the past when our country had a different population . " Voters look beyond monthly jobs numbers President Obama has backed this bipartisan infrastructure bank bill as more feasible than a version his administration pushed earlier . "  President Obama is the biggest proponent of public-private partnerships to hold office to date , " argues Likosky . "  The Infrastructure Bank is a rare case of a popular bipartisan idea , born in the Beltway , that has been adopted by governors and mayors . " It is trickle-down policy-making . It 's also smart policy-making that business and labor , Republicans and Democrats , should all be able to agree on . The Start-Up 2.0 Act Forty percent of Fortune 500 companies were started by immigrants to the United States , and more than 40 million jobs were created by new businesses in the past three decades . But bureaucratic restrictions are limiting the number of skilled immigrants who can come to the U.S. , and too often we end up educating foreign students and then kicking them out of our country for them to innovate elsewhere . The Start-Up 2.0 bill -- co-sponsored by Republican Sens. Marco Rubio and Jerry Moran as well as Democratic Sens. Mark Warner and Chris Coons -- would allow Ph.D. or master 's graduates in science , technology , engineering and math to receive green cards to work in the U.S. , while also lifting the per-country cap on skilled worker visas . Obama to call for some Bush tax cut extensions In addition , it would create new tax incentives for investments in start-up companies and reduce taxes for businesses in the start-up phase . It 's precisely the kind of smart incentive that is key to expanding the American dream , while keeping the United States a magnet for the best and the brightest from around the world . Small Business Assistance The Small Business Jobs and Tax Relief Act of 2012 -- backed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and pushed by Sen. Chuck Schumer , both Democrats -- is expected to be brought up for a vote this month . It deserves bipartisan support because it builds squarely on a traditionally Republican idea : Use tax incentives to spur job creation , investment and expansion . Specifically , the bill would offer a 10 % tax credit for any new hiring or raises this year as well as allow the complete write-off of new capital investments like machinery or equipment consistent with expansion . Analysis : Where are the jobs bills ? Much like the forgotten American middle class , small businesses are the backbone of America , and they receive far less government attention than big business , despite the fact that they actually employ more people . There is a competing House bill which would double the tax credit -- and therefore , the cost -- of the bill , but which would also apply to hedge funds and the like . The differences can be bridged , the common ground defined and then built upon . But the focus should be on helping the people on Main Street rather than on Wall Street right now -- objectively , they need the help more . These are all relatively modest measures .  We centrists always try to balance idealism with realism .  Unfortunately , the larger opportunities for broad tax reform or a grand bargain on long-term deficits and debt are unlikely to come until after the election -- and there 's no rational reason to expect that the hyperpartisan politics will end then . But that is no reason not to take action on specific targeted bills with bipartisan support right now . The enemies of action include lobbyists who want to keep special treatment for their respective industries embedded in the current tax code , or unions that oppose immigration reform for high-skilled foreign workers . Big ideas with bipartisan support like lowering the corporate tax rate ca n't get traction for these reasons . Most poisonously , there are extreme partisans in both parties who want to stop progress before the election for fear that the other party might get some credit . Republicans do n't want Obama to get visible wins on the economy . And some Democrats are concerned that passing bipartisan bills now will make it harder for the president to run against an obstructionist Republican House of Representatives . "  The American people are held hostage to the selfish political interests of partisans on both sides , " says Hofmeister , the former Shell chief executive . There is an old joke among congressmen that every bill is a jobs bill , because it is your job on the line . These three bipartisan bills present a win-win on the jobs front -- an opportunity to do well by doing good . Every member of Congress should feel urgency to prove that they can in fact work together on the economy , or face the anti-incumbent wrath of all voters . The political courage that is needed comes from looking out for the national interest instead of being driven by special interests . Governing is not a zero-sum game and just as a rising tide lifts all boats , a growing economy is good for everyone . After all , we Americans are all ultimately in the same boat . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Congress returns to Washington , has an opportunity to help boost economy He says three bills with bipartisan support could have a strong impact Avlon says Congress should pass bills to fix infrastructure , help start-up companies He says a small business bill would provide tax incentives for companies to grow
Washington  CNN  Former President Bill Clinton reflected on the months of protests that have swept across America in response to the deaths unarmed black men at the hands of law enforcement , saying in an interview airing Friday that the country needs to make "  people feel that everybody matters again . " "  The fundamental problem you have anywhere is when people think their lives and the lives of their children do n't matter , they they are somehow disposable , just like a paper napkin after a lunch at a restaurant or something , " Clinton told CNN En Español . "  If we want our freedom to be in deed as well as word in America , we have to make people feel that everybody matters again . " Clinton , who was in Miami for the Clinton Foundation "  Future of the Americas " summit , argued that the two issues at play in the protests were whether law enforcement made the correct decisions and how police departments can improve their relationships with communities . In the last three weeks , grand juries have cleared police officers in the killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , and Eric Garner in Staten Island , New York . Clinton argued that in both cases , policing was an issue . "  There is not any question in Ferguson , whatever the findings of the grand jury , if the law enforcement officer had not gone after the man and felt compelled to shoot him , he would be alive , " Clinton said . And on Garner in Staten Island , Clinton was clear to point out that "  police policy was against putting someone in a choke hold . " During the interview with Juan Carlos Lopez at the University of Miami , Clinton spoke at length about foreign policy throughout the Americas and the recent release of the CIA torture report . "  I think this is just the beginning , " the former president said . "  There will now be a real effort to find out what the details were and whether or not any other action is appropriate in that . " Clinton has been getting used to playing second  or possibly third  fiddle in his family . Clinton 's wife , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is widely seen as the front-runner for the Democratic nomination in 2016 and the recent birth of Chelsea Clinton 's first child , Charlotte , has been the fascination of many . As is the case with every interview , Bill Clinton was asked about his wife 's presidential aspirations and when , in particular , Hillary Clinton expects to announce her candidacy . "  I do n't even know if she is going to run , " Bill Clinton said . "  But if she , sometime next year I think she will make a decision and announce it . " The full interview with Bill Clinton will air on CNN Español at 6 p.m. ET Friday and on Sunday at 8 p.m. ET .	Clinton spoke in reference to protests of black men being killed at the hands of law enforcement Clinton was interview by CNN Español 's Juan Carlos Lopez He was in Miami for the Clinton Foundation "  Future of the Americas " summit
CNN  On "  Family Matters " we knew him as Eddie Winslow . This week , as inmate 402282 . Actor Darius McCrary was jailed on Wednesday for failure to pay child support . He was n't behind bars long , McCrary was released before the day was over , according to Carrie Rudzki with the jail in Oakland County , Michigan . McCrary , 38 , took to Twitter as news of his arrest spread . "  All I 'm trying to do is raise my son , " he tweeted . " #BeingDadIsNotAnOption " But critics were quick to recall when McCrary 's Eddie character got into trouble on the show and used it to take a swipe at him . "  Ohhh Eddo ... " tweeted Happy Famiree . "  I guess family does n't matter . " But McCrary was n't having it . "  I 've spent all my career in Hollywood and have NEVER been arrested once , " he said on Twitter . "  I fly in to Oakland County 2 resolve issues and u guys got jokes ? " Apparently stung by the reporting , McCrary released a string of tweets defending himself , including one where he appears to compare himself to a late civil rights leader . "  If they did it to Dr. King ... Who am I ? " McCrary said . McCrary has stayed busy since his days on "  Family Matters " in the 1980s and 1990s , according Internet Movie Database . IMDb lists 51 acting credits , including stints on "  Anger Management " with Charlie Sheen and a two-year run on "  The Young and the Restless " as Malcolm Winters . He provided the voice for the Autobot Jazz on "  Transformers . " CNN 's Tina Burnside and Henry Hanks contributed to this report	Darius McCrary played Eddie Winslow on ` Family Matters ' He was jailed for failure to pay child support
CNN  -- With all the talk this week of Congress 's manic eleventh hour rush to raise the debt ceiling and prevent a possible U.S. default , it has been easy to forget the underlying issue : the U.S. government will not always be able to spend more money than it receives in taxes . Last year , American debt grew the size of the entire Mexican economy . We have a government that ca n't stop borrowing , a Federal Reserve that ca n't stop printing and a world that is overloaded with debt . Stock prices are being propped up , but wages are being kept down . This arrangement may work for Wall Street , but it is clearly not working for Main Street . We are supposed to be witnessing an economic recovery in the U.S. , yet we are forever taking on more and more debt . We borrow money at almost double the rate of economic growth , and the Fed is facilitating this by artificially keeping interest rates at rock bottom . The market is no longer a free market -- it 's being run by the government , and that means it 's run by political decisions . Ultimately this addiction to debt will kill any recovery , as so much tax revenue will need to be used to pay off the interest . Currently the U.S. pays as much in interest as the total size of the economy of a medium-sized country like South Africa . Think about what will happen when rates really go up . The U.S. is perceived to be making decisions that are based solely on its own interests . And the issue is not that the U.S. can not pay its debt . It can , by printing more dollars . The real concern is the confidence foreign investors have -- or do n't have -- in the U.S. financial system , and their feeling that they are being used as a pawn for U.S. domestic political reasons . U.S. treasuries are seen as the safest financial instrument on earth . If people begin to think American bonds are n't as safe a bet as they used to be , we could see the world become a very different place . Do n't forget that almost 50 % of U.S. debt is held by foreigners . Japan and China are the largest holders of that debt , with about 10 % each . They are financing the American dream . If they start doubting the U.S. political situation , they will demand higher interest rates . Funnily enough , the impact of this latest debt ceiling crisis on the market is not as negative as you would think -- mainly because the uncertainty has made the Fed less likely to withdraw its support , which is seen as very good thing . Perversely , U.S. treasury bonds become more attractive when there is more uncertainty , because of the flight to safety . We are in a bull market on Wall Street because interest rates are held artificially low by the Fed . And as long as interest rates are low , people do not know what to do with their money in terms of getting a good return rate . We should also not forget the impact that U.S. rates have on the global economy . If rates go up in the U.S. it is very easy to see a crisis for emerging markets as global money flows return to the U.S. , where it gets a higher yield . Failing to increase the debt ceiling would probably not have been a huge event for the markets at first , but if the government ever defaults on its obligations , all bets are off . Fear could easily replace greed . Disaster seems to be averted for now , but the debt ceiling crisis is yet another unintended consequence of money printing by the Fed , which is allowing the U.S. government to take on ever increasing piles of debt at absurdly low interest rates . Without the Fed , rates would be much higher and it would be impossible to borrow as much money . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lex van Dam .	Fight over debt ceiling ignores bigger problem of untenable U.S. debt load Current arrangement works for Wall Street but not for Main Street Federal Reserve is allowing U.S. government to take on debt at absurdly low interest rates
After another violent week in Syria 's civil war , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon expressed regrets for the "  inability of the international community to unite in stopping this conflict . " Ban was referring to a mortar attack Friday on an electoral rally that reportedly killed at least 21 people . A child was among the dead in the shelling , which struck a pro-government election campaign tent in the regime-controlled part of Daraa . The opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said that Islamist rebels were responsible for the attack and that at least 11 of the victims were civilians . The United Nations has asked the Syrian government to reconsider next month 's election as the carnage mounts . Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , who is blamed for the using his military to clamp down on opposition forces , is once again a candidate . The observatory estimates that more than 160,000 lives have been lost in the conflict . "  The Syrian people desperately need an end to violence and a clean break from the past to move toward a new Syria , one in which their legitimate aspirations are met and all communities are protected , " said a representative for Ban . But the latest reports from the ground do not show signs of a slowdown in violence . Syrian troops lobbed shells laced with chlorine at a western Syrian town on Thursday , causing dozens to suffer from the inhalation of toxic gas , the opposition-run Hama Media Center said . A dramatic video posted on social media by activists purportedly shows yellow gas hanging in a narrow street at dusk in Kafr Zeita . A young man in a gas mask runs into the cloud of smoke and walks out moments later with a woman trying to cover her mouth as she struggles to breathe . Another video shows children choking and women using oxygen masks at a makeshift clinic . A man in scrubs turns to the camera while treating the victims and says , "  This is a chlorine gas attack . " Kafr Zeita.is the same opposition-held location where the United States and its allies believe al-Assad 's government used the toxic gas in an April 11 attack . CNN can not independently confirm the authenticity of the videos . Also Thursday , the Syrian government wrested control of the Central Prison in Aleppo , breaking a 13-month rebel siege on the sprawling complex where dozens of political prisoners are believed to be held , according to opposition groups and Syrian state media . Since a 2012 prison revolt , detainees suffered from lack of food , inadequate medical care and the spread of infectious diseases such as tuberculosis and dysentery , the Violations Documentation Center , a local monitoring group , found in a report published in April . More than 650 prisoners died either due to deteriorating conditions or at the hands of jailers , whom the center alleges carried out torture and summary executions .	At least 21 die in shelling at a pro-Assad campaign tent , opposition says Opposition forces say Syrian military uses toxic gas CNN ca n't independently confirm authenticity of videos purportedly showing gas attack U.S. secretary-general calls for end to violence
CNN  -- Any footballer who holds a passport for a particular country should be allowed to represent them on the football field . That is Juventus president Andrea Agnelli 's take on the hot topic that is dominating the build-up to the final round of European qualifiers for the 2014 World Cup . Debate has raged in England after the country 's national team manager Roy Hodgson revealed he had been looking at the latest starlet off the Manchester United production line -- Adnan Januzaj . The Belgian-born 18-year-old has starred for the defending English Premier League champions this season and could qualify to play for England through residency rules if he stays in the country until he is 23 . Blog : ` Your country needs YOU ! But which country ? ' Arsenal 's Jack Wilshere then raced headlong into the debate by telling a press conference while on England duty : "  The only people who should play for England are English people . " Those remarks only served to transcend the dispute across the sporting spectrum as England cricketer Kevin Pietersen , South African by birth but with an English mother , challenged Wilshere 's view . The owner of 99 Test caps for England pointed to Tour de France winner Chris Froome and double Olympic champion Mo Farah as examples of sportsmen who competed under the United Kingdom banner but who were born in another country . "  It 's very difficult -- we live in a global world , in a truly globalized environment , " Agnelli told CNN World Sport . "  In a global world when you 're entitled to have a passport of a country and you have legislation for that , you should be entitled to play for the national team of that country . "  My wife is English and I 've got two kids -- they were born in Italy -- how I should go back home and explain to my wife that they could n't wear the English national team  jersey  ? "  When you think about nationality , are they English ? Their mother is English but they were born in Italy . I have other friends who have different nationalities  of parents  and were born in a third country . 2014 World Cup : Is Belgium football 's coming force ? "  Maybe they were born in a different country just because of a momentary placement for a job but would they represent that nationality or would they feel something different ? " Agnelli has stabilized Italian giants Juventus since he assumed the presidency in May 2010 , with the club still dealing from the fall out of the Calciopoli match-fixing scandal that saw them relegated to the second tier in Italy . In the three years he 's been in charge Agnelli has overseen Juve 's return as Italy 's most successful club , winning two Serie A titles in a row , and their move to a new stadium , which has helped strengthen the club financially . Juve are this season gunning for a third straight Serie A crown , matching their achievement of 80 years ago , but he still thinks Italy 's top league has a long way to go to match the powerhouse trio of domestic competitions in England , Spain and Germany . "  Serie A is not where it was in the 1980s and 1990s when it was the fabulous destination for every football player , " he explained . "  I think we have to catch up a lot of ground we have lost in the recent past . "  At the moment we are fourth and we should be more considered about the countries behind , like France & Portugal , from a UEFA ranking point of view rather than catching up with who is in front of us . "  Italy needs to go through a structural reform of the way we run football before we can actually aspire again to clinch third place , then move up the ladder to become number one . " Premier League dream for Bigirimana after ` miracle journey ' This week the finest players in Europe are preparing to represent their countries as the final round of World Cup qualifiers determine who makes it to Brazil in 2014 . But looming large in the background are the issues that surround the tournament that is still nine years away -- the proposed 2022 World Cup in Qatar . Football 's world governing body FIFA last week set up a task force to investigate the possibility of moving the 2022 competition from Qatar 's summer to winter , to avoid the searing heat that could affect both players and fans alike . No final verdict will be offered before the latest installment in Brazil has been completed but any shift in date would have huge ramifications for Europe 's leagues and clubs . But Agnelli is confident a solution that suits everyone can be settled upon . "  I think the fact there is a lot of chat is good because everyone within the football family wants to make sure the right decision is made , " he added . "  I think there has been a clear position from the FIFA executive committee which is a decision will be taken following the 2014 World Cup Brazil 2014 -- that should leave plenty of time to make the right decision . "  Moving a World Cup from June or July when it is normally played to a different month is a huge involvement . We tend to speak a lot about the players who actually take part in the competition but that is the minority , you have to think about what the rest of the football family will do . "  We have to understand what the calendar will look like , how we will make the players rest , is it going to be a one year change of calendar . "  What is important is that the clubs ' point of view will be listened to and I think European Club Association will make sure that point of view will be well represented within the right bodies . " Agnelli also acknowledged the wider issues involved with shunting the date of one of the most watched sporting events on the planet , including the agreements that would have to be struck with television broadcasters . "  You have to understand the TV broadcasters will have their own say -- every player involved will have a point of view , " he said . "  You clearly sold to the American broadcasters a product that should be taking place in June or July and you are going to put it throughout the regular season of NFL , NBA and NHL -- will that have the same value ? "  There are a lot of players which need to come to an agreement , I 'm quite sure with the good will of everybody a good solution will be found in the interests of football itself . "	Juve president says players who have a passport should be allowed to play for that country Debate raging after England manager Roy Hodgson said Adnan Januzaj is on his radar Man Utd winger was born in Belgium but could qualify for England under FIFA rules Andrea Agnelli confident solution can be found if FIFA decide to move 2022 Qatar World Cup
CNN  -- Look out air travelers . A congressional slugfest over the U.S. deficit is threatening to trigger higher airfares and widespread slowdowns at the nation 's airports . Remember that big fight in Congress last year over the national budget deficit ? Eventually Congress and the White House agreed to scheduled budget cuts that are so deep that lawmakers would be forced to come together on tough choices . Washington wonks call these cuts "  sequestration . " Related story : Sequestration is the ` dumbest thing ' The Federal Aviation Administration is in the cross hairs for sequestration -- with a possible $ 1 billion in mandatory cuts scheduled to occur as soon as January . The FAA chief warned of the impact of such cuts . And a new study says the cuts would result in fewer air traffic controllers , customs officers and security officers . The FAA 's sweeping overhaul of the U.S. air traffic system also would take a hit . NextGen , as it 's called , is aimed at improving efficiency and increasing safety . "  If the sequester were to occur , we would face some very drastic cuts in services and these investments , " said FAA acting administrator Michael Huerta , in an October speech . "  These cuts would impact air traffic control services , NextGen implementation , and aircraft certification -- all of which are critical to our ability to move forward with aviation in this century . "  They would result in significantly less efficient and less convenient air travel service for the American traveling public . We will always , however , maintain the highest levels of safety . " It 's anybody 's guess -- and up to Congress -- whether the cuts will actually happen . But groups representing pilots and the aerospace industry say it 's time to get nervous . Opinion : Clock ticking on defense cuts Marion Blakey , who headed the FAA during the George W. Bush administration and who now leads an aerospace industry lobbying organization , warned in August that just the threat of the cuts is already having a chilling effect . Consumers should be worried , she warns . "  This will affect their ability to fly when they want and how they want , " Blakey says . "  It will certainly be a drag on the airlines , which then will incur great cost , which then will be passed on to the consumer or it will cut into the carriers ' very meager profits and that 's not healthy . " Blakey 's group , the Aerospace Industries Association , and Econsult Corp. released a study in August that paints a worst-case scenario , including possible closure of 246 airport control towers , 1,500 fewer air traffic controllers and the loss of 9,000 security screeners and 1,600 customs officers . Obviously , fewer controllers , screeners and customs people would throw a wrench into an already stressed air travel system . "  A billion dollars is a body blow to the FAA , " Blakey says . For industry planners , Blakey says January is right around the corner , and making industry decisions amid such uncertainty comes with an economic price that will affect the consumer . Not only would airline passengers feel the cuts , but pilots of small aircraft , known as general aviation , or GA , will see ramifications , both in safety and efficiency , says Melissa Rudinger , senior vice president of government affairs at the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association . The cuts could include the shut down of more than 200 control towers , "  which operate almost exclusively at GA locations , " she says . "  It 's unclear to us how the FAA would go about literally closing the doors and turning out the lights , " she says . "  But there 's definitely a safety risk that would have us concerned . " Safety would not be an issue , Blakey says . "  I have every confidence they 'll keep it safe , " she says , although she expects FAA controllers will slow traffic at small airports by reducing hours of operation and capacity . "  I do not anticipate that the FAA will reduce hours and personnel at the nation 's big air traffic control centers and the TRACON radar tracking centers , " she says . For now , many in the aviation industry are taking a wait-and-see attitude . "  There is a great deal of uncertainty about whether sequestration will actually happen and what the real impact would be on commercial aviation , " writes a spokeswoman for the airline industry trade group Airlines for America . Other groups are n't talking at all . The National Air Traffic Controllers Association would n't comment in August , and the FAA referred questions to the Office of Management and Budget . The OMB has 30 days to analyze the sequestration legislation and to make recommendations to the White House . An internal OMB memo  PDF  in July said sequestration would be "  highly destructive to national security and domestic priorities , as well as to core government functions , " and that Obama has submitted deficit reduction proposals to Congress aimed at avoiding the cuts . The cuts would delay deployment of the multibillion-dollar NextGen program by at least a decade , according to the study . "  It 's a very big deal to keep that on track , " Blakey says . "  It 's going to get hit ; it 's just a question of how much . " This is not just about FAA , Blakey says . Think about the idea of cutting 9,000 Transportation Security Administration screeners . "  How do you like the lines now ? How are you going to like them then ? " She says , "  People would like to treat this as a hypothetical or a simple congressional debate . " But the threat will grow , she warns , unless "  people step up and try again to address the long-term issues " surrounding the nation 's debt and deficit -- or they postpone the FAA cuts to give themselves more time for a compromise .	Budget battle may result in slower air travel , higher fares FAA cuts could lead to fewer controllers , security and customs officers , study says Ex-FAA chief : Fear of the cuts is already having a chilling effect
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Funeral services were held Friday for a 13-year-old Palestinian boy shot and killed while playing soccer in Gaza a day earlier . A spokesman for the Gaza Health Ministry accused the Israel Defense Forces of killing the boy , identified as Ahmed Abu Daqa . Read more : Gaza truce gets off to a shaky start Initially , the ministry said the boy was shot in the head by an Israeli helicopter . Witnesses disputed that account Friday , saying the boy was shot in the side and the gunfire came from Israeli military vehicles . Israeli Lt. Col. Avital Leibovich told CNN that an initial investigation by the military "  did not indicate the Israeli military had any connection to the shooting . " She said the military was reviewing video footage of the area and so far had not seen anybody in the area where the shooting is said to have occurred . The incident occurred on a day marked by Israeli military activity inside Gaza and on its border with Israel . Leibovich said that 300 meters inside Gaza , Israeli border soldiers had discovered a cache of explosives in a tunnel adjacent to a security fence . Read more : Israel airstrikes target Gaza , killing at least 16 After the soldiers returned to their post on the border and set about repairing the fence , an explosion erupted , the military said . A soldier sustained minor injuries and an unoccupied army vehicle was blown up . Palestinian sources said that , before the boy was shot , a number of Israeli military vehicles and tanks had entered Gaza some 500 meters east of Khan Younis , where they came under fire from militants . The tanks responded by firing two rounds towards farmland ; no one was injured in that incursion , they said . CNN 's Kareem Khadder , Michael Schwartz and Talal Abu Rahman contributed to this report .	13-year-old Ahmed Abu Daqa is buried He was shot while playing soccer Thursday The Gaza Health Ministry blames the dead on the IDF There are no indications the IDF "  had any connection to the shooting , " spokeswoman says
CNN  -- The Cherokee County Sheriff 's Office on Friday released a second sketch of a man believed to have fatally shot four people in less than a week near Gaffney , South Carolina . Police say the suspect may be driving a light-gray or champagne tan 1991-1994 two-door Ford Explorer . "  Let me say that , under the FBI 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , " Sheriff Bill Blanton told reporters in Gaffney , a town in the county of about 54,000 residents some 50 miles southwest of Charlotte , North Carolina . He would not detail what has led investigators to conclude the shootings are linked or how they received the description of the suspect that has led to the two sketches . In addition , he said he did not know whether the shooter knew his victims or whether he may have chosen them at random . Police said he may be driving a light-gray or champagne tan 1991-1994 two-door Ford Explorer . The first shooting happened Saturday , when peach farmer Kline W. Cash , 63 , was found dead by his wife in their home , said Leigh Caldwell , a victims services coordinator for the sheriff 's office . Blanton said Cash 's home may have been robbed . On Wednesday , the bound and shot bodies of 83-year-old Hazel Linder and her 50-year-old daughter , Gena Linder Parker , were found in the mother 's home , where she lived alone . "  We 're still trying to determine if anything 's missing from there , " Blanton said . Thursday night brought two more shooting victims -- 45-year-old Stephen Tyler was found shot dead and his 15-year-old daughter wounded in the family-run furniture and appliance store , Tyler Home Center , said Chief Rick Turner of the Gaffney Police Department . He would not say whether the Tylers were bound . The daughter remained hospitalized Friday , Caldwell said . Leave has been canceled for all members of the Police Department and the Sheriff 's Department , said their respective chiefs , who urged residents to take precautions . About 100 investigators from North and South Carolina were working the case , Blanton said . "  I think our community has a right to be concerned , " he said . "  We 're concerned . We 're dealing with a man that 's killed four people . " He urged residents to check on relatives , especially those who live alone . "  We 're asking the people in our community to be vigilant , to report anything . " But he cautioned against taking that too far . "  Our concern is that people are going to start shooting at shadows , " he said . In a separate incident , police looking for the shooter tried to stop a dark SUV Chevrolet Blazer and wound up with yet another killing , this one apparently self-inflicted . "  The driver , who the officer did n't know at the time was a female , pulled over , " Blanton said . "  The passenger door opened ; two children got out with their hands up . " The children were in their early teens , he said . "  The mother takes off . The officer gives chase thinking maybe she 's the suspect . Shots were fired during the chase . " As police cars converged on the SUV , "  Somewhere in the middle she takes her own life , " he said . "  Right now , we 're working it as a self-inflicted gunshot wound , suicide . " Blanton said narcotics were found in the car driven by the woman , whom he identified as a 35-year-old woman from nearby Blacksburg , South Carolina .	Man fatally shoots 4 people in less than a week near Gaffney , South Carolina "  Under the FBI 's definition of a serial killer , yes , we have a serial killer , " sheriff says 100 investigators from North and South Carolina working the case Woman apparently kills self after police stop her while looking for shooter
CNN  -- Pinning down a prophet is lonely work . Just ask Mohave County , Arizona , investigator Gary Engels . Gary Engels investigates the FLDS as an investigator for the Mohave County prosecutor 's office in Arizona . The plain-spoken Engels ' sole focus since October 2004 has been to pursue Warren Jeffs and his polygamist sect in Colorado City , Arizona , a town on the state line across from Hildale , Utah . He has n't gotten a lot of help from the locals , including the police , whose loyalties have been called into question . A state oversight board has stripped six members of Colorado City 's tiny police force of their badges since 2003 -- all members of Jeffs ' FLDS church . Some were decertified for having plural wifes and others for failing to help catch Jeffs when he was a fugitive , according to The Associated Press . Read Townsfolk turn their backs on Engels when he tries to talk to them , and most of those who do talk are evasive , says the former police officer . "  There is nobody that works in this city , that works for this city , that is not a loyal FLDS member , and that 's from the mayor all the way through the employees right down to the last marshal here , and the last police officer that works here is loyal to Warren Jeffs , " Engels told CNN . "  It 's my experience ... that these police officers are not real police officers . They 're enforcers for the FLDS church . They 're enforcers for Warren , " he said in another interview . "  I know that if it comes down to it , I ca n't count on them at all for backup , " he said . "  In fact , I believe that if guns started being pointed , that their guns would probably be pointed at me . " The FLDS is the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , the polygamous sect that Jeffs runs . The FLDS , now with perhaps 10,000 adherents , broke away from the Mormon church more than a century ago when the latter disavowed polygamy . It was Engels ' investigation that led to Jeffs ' arrest on charges including being an accomplice to rape . The charges stem from Jeffs ' alleged practice of arranging marriages between adult male followers and underage brides . Closing arguments are set Friday in Jeffs ' trial across the state line in St. George , Utah . The FLDS leader also faces similar charges in Arizona . So far , Engels has steered clear of the Utah trial . But his investigation is ongoing . Ever since his office was burglarized , the investigator always carries his files with him , he told Court TV , which is part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . Engels ' work might be lonely , but he 's rarely alone . He says he is followed by young men in vehicles with tinted windows every time he shows up in the sect 's stronghold . "  Sometimes if they 're stopped at a stop sign or something , they 'll try to take off real fast , throwing gravel on my vehicle , " he told CNN . "  Or the diesels , you know , they 'll accelerate real fast , blowing a lot of black smoke out . " But he has never let the surveillance and the glares stop him . He is on a mission . "  I think , eventually , justice will win out , " he told CNN shortly after Jeffs ' arrest . "  If I did n't , I could n't continue to do this . So we just keep pushing and pushing , and -- and see where it leads us . I 'm not -- I 'm not done yet . I 'm not ready to give up . " He elaborated in a 2005 interview with National Public Radio . "  I would just love to see this whole community brought back into the United States , where everybody has equal rights , " he said . "  These people do n't have the right to voice their opinion . They do n't have the right to criticize , " he told NPR . "  If they do , then they stand to lose their house , they stand to lose their family , and they stand to lose their job , and most important to most of these people , they stand to lose their salvation . " Engels said he 's not necessarily interested in stopping the practice of polygamy , according to Court TV . "  When I first got here , it was still a shock , " he told Court TV . "  I do n't even think about it anymore . There are some families up there where polygamy works for them , and some -LSB- where -RSB- it does n't . But I think it has to be done among consenting adults . " That 's why prosecutions in the case have focused on statutory rape charges . The case has been built by comparing dates on marriage and birth certificates to identify girls who became pregnant by older men before the girls were 16 , too young for sex under Arizona law . "  If they get them young enough and get a couple of children , then it makes it very difficult for them to leave , " he told CNN . "  And the fact that the women are not educated or taught how to deal or take care of themselves in the outside world is another issue . " He doubts change will come quickly to this corner of the desert , even if Jeffs is convicted . "  I think that there are the die-hards that will always consider him the prophet , " Engels said . "  There are those that are probably questioning it right now . " He said he 'll be satisfied if the trial lets women in the FLDS know they have other choices . "  I hope that it will empower some of the women there who may be thinking about wanting to get out , to go ahead and get out . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Amanda Townsend contributed to this report .	Investigator endures hostility to build child-rape cases Gary Engels ' sole focus is Warren Jeffs ' FLDS church Colorado City , Arizona , police beholden to Jeffs , he says Engels says he wants to give sect 's young women more options
CNN  -- Even as anti-American violence eased Saturday around the Muslim world , tensions remained high -- stoked , in some nations , by the prospect of U.S. troops arriving to protect U.S. diplomatic missions . The widespread protests connected to an online trailer for an inflammatory anti-Islam film privately produced in the United States were relatively thin and calm , and in some places nonexistent , on Saturday compared to earlier in the week . Yet even with this relative break , the furor has not gone away completely , nor has concern over safety and security at U.S. embassies . To that end , U.S. officials said earlier this week that Marine teams would be dispatched to protect U.S. diplomatic missions in Libya , Yemen and Sudan in the wake of anti-Western unrest in those countries . But U.S. troops have n't necessarily been welcomed . Clinton demands Arab Spring nations protect embassies Yemen 's parliament issued a statement early Sunday demanding U.S. Marines leave the Arab country immediately , calling the presence of any foreign forces -- and U.S. troops in particular -- "  unacceptable . " Some leading politicians , like Ahmed al-Bahri of the opposition Haq party , warned that even a few dozen American troops could "  open the doors of hell for Yemen and give terrorists an excuse . " Others like Abdul Majid al-Zindani , president of Yemen 's Cleric Committee , equated the U.S. troops arrival to a foreign occupation . Zaid al-Thari , a political adviser to Yemen 's ruling General People 's Congress , speculated that the U.S. Marines recent arrival raises doubts about who was behind this week 's attacks on the U.S. embassy in Sanaa that left four protesters dead . "  In the end of the day , the United States is benefiting more than all and was able to bring its forces inside Yemen , " said al-Thari . Even with the arrival of its troops , the U.S. government is n't taking chances in Yemen -- closing its embassy in Sanaa through Saturday , September 29 , because of the threat of "  potential demonstrations , " according to the State Department . Meanwhile , U.S. Marines that were to travel to Sudan have returned pending further talks with the government there , a U.S. official said . State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Saturday that Washington has requested "  additional security precautions " in Sudan , whose government "  has recommitted itself both publicly and privately to continue to protect our  diplomatic  mission . " Sudan 's foreign ministry turned down a U.S. request to send "  special forces " to protect its embassy in Khartoum , saying Sudanese security forces would protect "  the diplomatic missions  and  its guests , " according to a report from the state-run Sudan News Agency . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has warned the United States will act to protect its diplomatic facilities if countries in question did not prevent violence and seek justice for attacks . What the Mideast protests reveal "  Reasonable people and responsible leaders ... need to do everything they can to restore security and hold accountable those behind these violent acts , " she said Friday . "  And we will ... keep taking steps to protect our personnel around the world . " In Egypt , where violent protests began in earnest last Tuesday and continued to rage for days , government officials have recently criticized violence targeting the U.S. Embassy in Cairo and promised to protect it . Notably , too , the thousands who participated in these demonstrations represent a fraction of the roughly 11 million people in the Egyptian capital . Still , statements from the Muslim Brotherhood -- the Islamist group that controls parliament and whose former leader of its political party , Mohammed Morsy , is now Egypt 's president -- that are in English differ from those in Arabic , which tend to be less sympathetic to diplomatic missions and focus more on the inflammatory "  Innocence of Muslims " video . And anti-American sentiments remain high in certain places , as was evident at a protest outside a mosque Friday . Those participating accused the United States of supporting "  international terror " and being an "  enemy of God , " with some chanting , "  Obama , there are a million Osamas . " "  Relations between countries of the so-called Arab Spring and the West have not yet taken complete shape , " saying this is especially true with Egypt , Prime Minister Hesham Kandil said Saturday , according to the state-run MENA news agency . On the ground Saturday night , there was a marked change in Cairo -- as relatively calm returned to the area around the U.S. embassy for the first time in nearly a week . Earlier in the day , Egyptian security forces pushed protesters away from the embassy toward Tahrir Square , where they were eventually dispersed . Calm returns to Cairo That gave workers the chance to finally clean the debris-ridden streets , business owners to assess the damage , and drivers to start moving against -- all under the watchful eye of hundreds of Egyptian riot police , who remained in the area . The most heated demonstrations Saturday occurred not in the Middle East , ironically , but in a staunch United States ' ally , Australia . Carrying signs that read "  Obama , Obama , we like Osama " and "  Behead all those who insult the prophet , " hundreds gathered on the steps of the U.S. consulate in Sydney . The demonstration turned violent when authorities -- using tear gas and police dogs -- tried to push protesters away from the building . They were met with thrown bottles and shoes , the latter act considered a grave insult among Muslims . Six police officers were injured and eight people were arrested , Sydney police said . Seventeen people were treated for effects of pepper spray used by police . Here 's a breakdown of other developments Saturday from around the globe tied to furor over the anti-Islam film and related violence : -- Kandil , Egypt 's prime minister , said Saturday that his government has reliable information "  a number " of people admitted to getting money to protest outside the U.S. embassy in Cairo , while noting other demonstrators were genuine and not paid . -- Four protesters died and 49 were wounded during an attack Friday on the U.S. Embassy in the Tunisian capital of Tunis , the state-run Tunisian News Agency reported Saturday , citing Charles Nicolle Hospital interim general director Souad Sadraoui . Interim Tunisian President Al-Munsif Al-Marzouki said late Friday on state-run TV that two were dead and more than 20 were injured , but authorities later hinted the death toll could rise . -- All nonemergency personnel and relatives of State Department personnel at U.S. missions in Khartoum , Sudan , and Tunis , Tunisia , have been ordered to leave and travel warnings have been issued for American citizens for both those nations , Nuland from the U.S. State Department said Saturday . -- In his weekly address , U.S. President Barack Obama urged Americans not to stereotype all those in the Muslim world . "  Let us never forger that for every angry mob , there are millions who yearn for the freedom and dignity and hope that our flag represents , " he said . -- FBI investigators probing Tuesday 's killings of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans in Benghazi put off a visit to Libya until conditions are safer . Agents had hoped to arrive in the North African nation Saturday , federal law enforcement officials said . -- Libyan authorities said they are cooperating with U.S. investigators . "  Things are moving very , very well , " said Muhammad Alkari , a spokesman in the prime minister 's office . Disagreement over how Benghazi attack began -- In Egypt 's northern Sinai Peninsula , a large number of security forces backed by tanks on Saturday regained control of a base housing an international peacekeeping force that was breached a day earlier by Islamist militants , state-run EGYnews reported . Egyptian security forces , including the military , have been fighting militants in Sinai since August after 16 border guards died in an attack by Islamist militants . U.S. intelligence warned Embassy in Egypt about anti-Muslim film -- In Afghanistan , the Taliban claimed responsibility for an attack on a joint U.S.-British base in Helmand province that left two troops dead , saying the attack was in response to the film . The attack follows a call by the Taliban on its fighters to take revenge for the film by increasing assaults on NATO troops . -- In Sudan 's capital , Khartoum , the German and British embassies shored up their security after protesters managed to get inside a compound that is shared by both diplomatic missions , according to the foreign ministers of both nations . -- The man behind the "  Innocence of Muslims " video , identified as Nakoula Basseley Nakoula , was willingly interviewed early Saturday by a federal probation officer , said Steve Whitmore of the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . The questioning came hours after federal officials said they were reviewing Nakoula 's probation in connection with a 2010 bank fraud conviction . -- The Council on American-Islamic Relations said Saturday it had released a video appeal to those protesting the movie . A message in Arabic tells viewers in the Middle East that "  ordinary Americans and the U.S. government should not be blamed for the religious hatred expressed in the film , " the group said in a statement . Filmmaker linked to anti-Islam video meets with probation officer CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Ian Lee , Amanda Watts , Jessica King , Ben Wedeman , Susan Candiotti , Barbara Starr , Elise Labott , Greg Botelho and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report .	NEW : Egypt 's prime minister says some were paid to protest outside U.S. Embassy Yemen 's parliament calls U.S. troops presence in Yemen unacceptable , speaker says The U.S. issues travel warnings for Sudan and Tunisia due to security concerns Calm is restored in Cairo , site of the first protests tied to the inflammatory anti-Islam film
JAKARTA , Indonesia  CNN  -- Indonesia , the world 's most populous Muslim nation , has temporarily banned YouTube to block access to a video that many Muslims consider anti-Islamic . Protesters demonstrate against an anti-Islamic film in front of the Dutch embassy in Jakarta . Indonesia 's Communications and Information Minister sent a letter to all Internet providers ordering them to block the video-sharing Web site until further notice , a ministry spokesman said Tuesday . The minister has asked YouTube to remove the 15-minute movie "  Fitna , " but has not received a reply from the company , the spokesman said . "  Fitna , " which is the work of Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilders , features disturbing images of terrorist acts juxtaposed over verses from the Quran to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . It has been posted on several Web sites , including Google Video and YouTube . Last week , about 50 Indonesia students broke into a Dutch consulate compound to protest the movie . They tore off the gate of the embassy in the city of Medan and ripped down a flag , said a Dutch Embassy spokeswoman . Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkanende has said his government is worried that Geert Wilders ' film could provoke a violent backlash . The film has also prompted protests in other parts of the Muslim world . Soon after its release last month , hundreds of angry Muslims rallied in Pakistan , where the government temporarily blocked access to YouTube because of a trailer for Wilders ' film . The protesters burned the Dutch flag and called on Pakistan to cut ties with the Netherlands . The Dutch government and others , including the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , have rejected the film . The OIC has 57 member states across four continents and claims on its Web site to be the second largest inter-governmental organization , after the United Nations . In its statement , it urged the international community to condemn the showing of the film and asked the Dutch government to prosecute the author of the documentary under Dutch law . But Wilders has stood by his project . "  My intention was not to offend in any way , but to show the truth -- at least the truth as I see it , " Wilders told CNN . "  And if the truth hurts and could be offensive , well , this of course is not my problem . " Watch interview with Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilder . " Wilders is a member of the Dutch parliament from the conservative Party for Freedom and an outspoken critic of Islam . He said he has "  big problems " with Islam 's Prophet Mohammed , the Quran and "  everything that is stated inside this terrible book . " The title , "  Fitna , " translates in Arabic to "  strife " or "  conflict " of the type that occurs within families or any other homogenous group . The film opens with passages from the Quran , interspersed with graphic images of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks against the United States . The video also includes disturbing images of other terror attacks -- bloodied victims ; beheadings of hostages ; executions of women in hijab , the traditional Muslim attire ; and footage , with subtitles , of Islamic leaders preaching inflammatory sermons against Jews and Christians . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kathy Quiano in Jakarta contributed to this report	Indonesia temporarily bans YouTube to block video many say is anti-Islamic Govt . asks YouTube to remove "  Fitna , " by Dutch lawmaker Geert Wilders Film , which juxtaposes terrorism and verses from the Quran , has sparked protests Last week students broke into Dutch consulate compound in Jakarta to demonstrate
CNN  -- Two employees at the Baltimore , Maryland , branch of the liberal community organizing group ACORN were caught on tape allegedly offering advice to a pair posing as a pimp and prostitute on setting up a prostitution ring and evading the IRS . The footage , which appears to have been edited in places , was recorded and posted online Thursday . The video footage -- which has been edited and goes to black in some areas -- was recorded and posted online Thursday by James O'Keefe , a conservative activist . He was joined on the video by another conservative , Hannah Giles , who posed as the prostitute in the filmmakers ' undercover sting . The video shows the pair approaching two women working at the ACORN Baltimore office and asking them for advice on how to set up a prostitution ring involving more than a dozen underage girls from El Salvador . One of the ACORN workers suggests that Giles refer to herself as a "  performing artist " on tax forms and declare some of the girls as dependents to receive child tax credits . "  Stop saying prostitution , " the woman , identified by the filmmaker as an ACORN tax expert , tells Giles . The other woman tells them , "  You want to keep them clean ... make sure they go to school . " Watch tape of alleged advice on prostitution " Both women appear enthusiastic to help . Calls to ACORN 's Baltimore offices were not immediately returned Thursday . Stuart Katzenberg , lead organizer for ACORN 's Maryland chapter , told the Baltimore Sun that both ACORN employees were fired because they "  did not meet ACORN 's standards of professionalism . " Sonja Merchant-Jones , chair of Baltimore City ACORN , told CNN affiliate WMAR-TV that the fired workers were seasonal , part-time employees and that no senior ACORN staff members were in the building at the time the film was made . Scott Levenson , a spokesman at ACORN 's national offices said , "  The portrayal is false and defamatory and an attempt at ` gotcha journalism . ' "  This film crew tried to pull this sham at other offices and failed . ACORN wants to see the full video before commenting further , " Levenson said . The conservative filmmakers unsuccessfully attempted similar ruses at the group 's offices in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Los Angeles , California , and New York , Levenson said . Law enforcement officials in the Baltimore area would n't confirm whether they are investigating the alleged incident at the local ACORN office . However , authorities said that under Maryland law , such undercover video may not be admissible in court as evidence . CNN attempted to reach O'Keefe and Giles ; O'Keefe was not available for comment and Giles canceled an interview scheduled for Thursday . ACORN -- an acronym for the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- made headlines last year when Republican groups seized on allegations of voter registration fraud by the group in Florida and several other states , claiming its workers were trying to push the election in Barack Obama 's favor . On Wednesday , arrest warrants were issued for 11 Florida voter registration workers suspected of submitting false information on hundreds of voter registration cards , according to court documents . The Florida investigation was triggered by ACORN officials who noticed irregularities in forms they were receiving . Founded in 1970 , ACORN calls itself "  the nation 's largest grassroots community organization of low - and moderate-income people . " The group says it has more than 400,000 member families organized into more than 1,200 neighborhood chapters in 110 cities . Besides voter registration , the group focuses on issues such as predatory lending , the minimum wage and funding for public schools , according to its Web site . It also provides free tax-return preparation for low-income people and screening for state and federal benefit programs . CNN 's Bill Tucker , Chris Murphey and Steve Turnham contributed to this report .	Video shows pair ask ACORN employees for advice on setting up prostitution ring Workers suggest to stop saying "  prostitution , " use "  performing artist " on tax forms Conservative activists James O'Keefe , Hannah Giles pose as pimp and prostitute ACORN spokesman calls portrayal defamatory , says ruse attempted in other offices
CNN  -- China has killed 13,000 birds in the country 's far northwest to control what it called an epidemic of bird flu , state media reported Tuesday . Since the end of 2003 , the H5N1 virus has infected birds in over 60 countries in Africa , Asia and Europe . Five hundred fowl that had died in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for the H5N1 virus , according to China 's Ministry of Agriculture . In late January , China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human . The ministry said at the time that , although further human bird flu cases were possible throughout China , there would n't be a large-scale outbreak , state run news agency Xinhua and CCTV reported . The country also announced it was setting up a nationwide network to test for the H5N1 virus . Following a bird flu outbreak in late January , India culled more than 4,000 birds in the remote northeastern state of Sikkim . Health officials also detected dozens of cases of upper respiratory infection among humans , but none of the patients had any history of handling sick poultry , a government spokesperson said . Sikkim borders Nepal and China . Since the end of 2003 , the H5N1 virus has infected many species of birds in more than 60 countries in Africa , Asia and Europe . It has not been found in birds in North or South America or the Caribbean , according to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations . Human-to-human transmission of avian flu is rare , but the virus has passed from poultry to humans in some cases . It has killed more than 200 people since 2003 . China reported its first human-to-human infection case in 2005 . Of the 34 cases confirmed to date in the country , 23 had been fatal , the World Health Organization said in late January .	China kills 13,000 birds in northwest to control what it calls an epidemic of bird flu 500 fowl that died in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region tested positive for H5N1 In late January , China confirmed its sixth case of bird flu in a human The virus has killed more than 200 people since 2003
CNN  Their relationship led to jail time for her , but Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau wants the world to know that she and her husband , Vili Fualaau , are still happily together . She was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in Seattle in 1996 when she began an affair with Fualaau , her 13-year-old student . Letourneau gave birth to her young lover 's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship . On Friday , ABC 's "  20/20 " will air an exclusive interview with the couple , who will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20 . The pair wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005 and are now the parents of two teen girls . According to ABC , during the interview with Barbara Walters , "  Mary Kay tells Walters what makes their marriage work in spite of their huge difference in their age . " "  She also discusses her surprising plans to teach again , as well as her intentions to have her status as a registered sex offender lifted , " a posting on the network 's site says . "  Vili Fualaau , meanwhile , discusses his bouts with alcoholism , depression and why he believes the system failed him while he was still a minor . " Letourneau Fualaau is now 53 , and her husband is 31 .	Letourneau Fualaau had a sexual relationship with her student He was 13 when they began the relationship in 1996 In May , they will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary
CNN  -- Shot twice . Tied up in a sack . Thrown into a canal . Yet somehow , 18-year-old Saba Maqsood lived to tell her story . Had she not , Pakistani police say , it could very well have been another honor murder . Those responsible for her horror , Maqsood told reporters Friday , are her father and brother . They shot her because they did n't approve of her marriage to a neighbor , she said . The first bullet hit her cheek , the next one her hand , after which the teenager says she "  was slightly conscious , but alive . " "  They put me into a sack , tied up the mouth of the sack and threw it into the canal , " Maqsood recalled . "  They thought I was dead , but I was not . " It was in a canal in the city of Hafizabad , a city in Punjab province about 120 kilometers  75 miles  northwest of Lahore , that workers at a gas station spotted the sack and the young woman inside and immediately alerted authorities , Hafizabad police officer Ali Akbar told CNN . After corroborating the basics of Maqsood 's story , including her injuries , Akbar said , "  This seems to be an honor-related crime . " Such crimes -- which the perpetrators rationalize as necessary because the targeted women have somehow brought dishonor on a family -- are hardly unprecedented in Pakistan , a nation of about 180 million people . The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan said 869 women were victims last year . One recent case that 's gotten worldwide attention is the killing last month of Farzana Parveen , a 25-year-old woman who was publicly beaten to death with bricks in Lahore because she married a man against her family 's wishes . There have been 13 arrests in her case , including her father , a brother and a cousin -- Deputy Inspector General Zulfikar Hameed said . Suspects in stoning death to go to terrorism court The plight of Maqsood -- whose hometown in Gujranwala , another city in Punjab province -- is different from Hameed because she survived . Akbar said Friday that police have registered complaints against the 18-year-old 's brother , father , uncle and aunt . "  The accused are on the run , " the police officer added . "  We are hopeful to apprehend them soon . " More arrests made in stoning death of pregnant Pakistani woman Exclusive : Sudan apostasy woman 's ` brother ' says she should repent or die	Saba Maqsood , 18 , says her family was upset about her marrying a neighbor Some of them shot her twice , put her in a sack , then threw her into a canal to die Maqsood was recovered ; police say they believe this was "  an honor-related crime " Police are trying to apprehend several of Maqsood 's family members
CNN  -- Sitting on the beach enjoying the final day of a perfect vacation with loved ones this week , I marveled at how beautiful life is . The fog rolling off the ocean a sight to cleanse the soul . Then I sat down to read the Special Investigative Report on the Penn State abuse cover-up , and I felt filthy . Pulled back into reality , I was reminded how ugly and cruel the world can be , especially when people we entrust to lead and protect our children fail us . The 267-page report that cites 430 interviews and 3.5 million pieces of e-mail and electronic data tells a story of failure at every level of the university to expose a known child predator . It is enough to make even the most vigilant among us question our faith in humanity . And right off , it implicates those most to blame : "  Four of the most powerful people at The Pennsylvania State University -- President Graham B. Spanier , Senior Vice President-Finance and Business Gary C. Schultz , Athletic Director Timothy M. Curley and Head Football Coach Joseph V. Paterno -- failed to protect against a child sexual predator harming children for over a decade . " News : More storms looming for Penn State in wake of Freeh report Joe Paterno and his cohorts failed us all . They let the big money , fame and glory of college sports make them forget to be coaches and mentors , to turn a blind eye to a horror in their midst . They forgot to be decent men . Instead , they thought they were gods . Gods with the power to decide which lives mattered and which could be thrown away . Last month , their former employee Jerry Sandusky , once Penn State 's assistant football coach , was convicted of sexually assaulting 10 boys over many years . Somehow these Penn State gods had all concluded that the abused boys were worthless , underprivileged children who were nothing compared to the mighty Nittany Lions . Sports are that intoxicating . Is there really any greater power in American culture than the Sports God ? Even now , after all the negative stories surrounding the games , we want to believe -- I want to believe - that in the end sports is one of the best things about our country . As a proud alumna of Penn State , former cheerleader and former JoePa fan , I admit that I was hoping that at least Paterno would turn out to be the good guy in this horrendous story . That somehow he was working internally to help stop those boys from being abused and did more than just report an "  incident to his bosses . " But that is not the case , according to all the evidence . Even his last public words tell us he finally grasped this : "  It 's one of the great sorrows of my life ... In hindsight I wish I had done more . " How exactly does one go to sleep at night having stood by and allowed children to be raped and abused ? Do you tell yourself that 1,000 good deeds will erase the pain you 've allowed to happen ? And how can we make Paterno 's last words more than just regrets ? Certainly the Sandusky conviction and the Freeh report are a good start . But there 's more we can do . It 's time for the state of Pennsylvania and other authorities to take a long look at the Second Mile program , its board and all its staff , including Sandusky 's wife . After all the covering up around this case , it is not unreasonable to think Sandusky 's pedophile playground extended well beyond the walls of Penn State . Freeh 's report already leads us down this path , detailing the questionable ties between Second Mile and Penn State , pointing to a land deal between the university and the nonprofit , an "  unusual " $ 168,000 payment to Sandusky when he was allowed to retire in 1999 and an agreement to let Sandusky 's program hold youth camps and other events on the Penn State campus . These were just a few of the activities that went on after Sandusky was first investigated in 1998 when a mother reported that Sandusky had showered with and groped her 11-year-old boy on Penn State 's campus . Showers , it turned out , were a "  regular occurrence " at the Penn State facility much earlier than 1998 , according to Freeh 's report . But when staffers were asked why nothing ever was reported , everyone said they either did n't think anything was improper about a grown man showering with boys or they feared losing their jobs . News : Penn State review recasts story of Football hero Paterno Some may say that I 'm being overzealous in calling for more investigations ; that I 'm piling on . They are wrong . If Sandusky 's victims and their parents found the courage to come forward and face their abuser and an entire university , then I think authorities are obligated to ensure that the Second Mile Program is cleaned up and that it is safe for children .  In May , the Second Mile sought court approval to close and transfer its assets to a Texas-based ministry ; the request is pending , If that means finding more boys who were abuse victims of Sandusky or any other staffers there , then that must be done . The cover-up must end . The families who seek support from the Second Mile program deserve justice . Paterno , Spanier , Schultz and Curley were all family men . They had beautiful families . Paterno alone has five children and 17 great-grandchildren . I 'm sure these men worked hard and made many sacrifices to give their children every chance to succeed . So did the hard-working parents who sent their kids off to participate in the Second Mile program . They , too , were hoping to provide a better life for their kids , one that may have been beyond their means to reach alone . So they trusted others -- Jerry Sandusky , Second Mile and the Penn State family -- to help shape their children into better citizens and leaders . Certainly , those parents did n't believe the lives of their kids were any less precious than Paterno 's . No one told them that "  Jerry 's kids " were expendable . And that even on the hallowed Penn State campus , they were in grave danger . But that 's exactly what this sad story tells us now . Those of us in the Penn State family need to stop making excuses for what happened . We should be demanding that any and all association with Second Mile program be severed until there is a full investigation of that program and everyone associated with it . The abuse victims certainly deserve this much and so does the University . News : Penn State leaders 'em powered Sandusky ' " ... In hindsight , I wish I had done more . " Let 's not have to echo those words ever again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roxanne Jones .	Roxanne Jones : Penn State report implicates four powerful men who failed to protect kids She says they worried about money , fame , glory , turned blind eye to childrens ' victimization She says Paterno guilty like rest ; now Second Mile organization should be investigated Jones : No more excuses ; we must discover whether Second Mile involved , other kids hurt
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Late-night talk show host David Letterman offered a "  heartfelt " apology before a live studio audience Monday to his wife and female staffers over last week 's "  sextortion " revelations , fans at the taping said . David Letterman has mined private events in his life for very public jokes on his show . "  He really handled it head on , but it was funny too , " audience member Larry Lefkowitz of Brooklyn Heights , New York , told CNN after the taping . "  You could tell he 'd been though a difficult situation and that he was sorry that he hurt other people , but he was also able to keep it funny , throw humor into it too , " Lefkowitz said . Letterman revealed on his show Thursday night he had sex with members of his staff and that he testified about those liaisons before a New York grand jury for a case involving an alleged attempted extortion . A CBS producer is accused of threatening to go public with allegedly embarrassing information about Letterman 's private life , unless the 62-year-old funnyman paid $ 2 million . Monday 's mea culpa marked his first public remarks since last week 's admission . "  The staff here has been wonderfully supportive to me , not just through this furor , but through all the years that we 've been on television . ... So , again , my thanks to the staff for , once again , putting up with something stupid I 've gotten myself involved in , " Letterman said , according to excerpts released Monday by production company World Wide Pants . "  Now the other thing is my wife , Regina . She has been horribly hurt by my behavior , and when something happens like that , if you hurt a person and it 's your responsibility , you try to fix it . And at that point , there 's only two things that can happen : Either you 're going to make some progress and get it fixed , or you 're going to fall short and perhaps not get it fixed , so let me tell you folks , I got my work cut out for me . " Another audience member said Letterman 's apology to his wife appeared to evoke sympathy from some in the crowd . "  When he made the apology to his wife he was very serious , not looking for any laughs , when he said he had a lot of work -- a lot of work to do on the homefront , " said a man who identified himself as John . "  That was very heartfelt , a lot of women in the crowd -- I could hear them literally saying , ` awww , ' that they felt for Dave and the dilemma he 's probably going through . " Although Letterman first admitted the plot and sexual relationships very publicly on his show , most videos of the segment were taken down from YouTube this weekend at the request of CBS . The New York Times reported an unnamed source said CBS made the copyright infringement claim at the request of Worldwide Pants Inc. , the production company owned by Letterman which produces his show . CBS and Google , which owns YouTube , both had no comment about the videos being taken down . At least some fans appear willing to forgive Letterman for his admitted dalliances . "  I still think he 's the king of late night comedy , " Lefkowitz said . CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report	"  I got my work cut out for me , " David Letterman says of his marriage His mea culpa marks first public comments since last week 's sextortion revelations "  He really handled it head on , but it was funny too , " audience member says "  When he made the apology to his wife he was very serious , " another fan says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Russia 's attacks against the former Soviet republic of Georgia have "  substantially damaged Russia 's standing in the world , " President Bush told reporters Monday after returning from his trip to Asia . President Bush tells reporters that Russia is jeopardizing its relations with the United States and Europe . Bush also warned Russia against trying to depose Georgia 's government , saying evidence suggests Russia may be preparing to do so . "  Russia must reverse the course it appears to be on , " Bush said in the Rose Garden of the White House . The Russian military advanced farther into Georgia on Monday , moving beyond Georgia 's two breakaway provinces , according to Georgia 's government , which has called for a cease-fire . Russian and Georgian officials said Russia had entered Senaki , in western Georgia , outside of breakaway Abkhazia . But Russia has not confirmed any other advance of its ground forces beyond South Ossetia and Abkhazia . Bush said evidence suggests Russia would soon begin bombing the civilian airport in Georgia 's capital city , Tbilisi . "  If these reports are accurate ... these actions would be inconsistent with the assurances we received from Russia that its objectives were limited to restoring the status quo in -LSB- Georgian breakaway region -RSB- South Ossetia that existed before the fighting began on August 6 , " Bush said . Watch Bush demand a cease-fire " World powers have urged Russia to agree to an immediate cease-fire with Georgia and accept international mediation on the crisis in South Ossetia . See photos from the conflict " Bush said Russia 's invasion of Georgia and the threat to Georgia 's democratically elected government "  is unacceptable in the 21st century " and has "  substantially damaged Russia 's standing in the world . " "  These actions jeopardize Russians ' relations ... with the United States and Europe , " Bush said . Earlier Monday , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said his nation will take its efforts to their "  logical conclusion . " Russian officials insisted their efforts were aimed at stopping Georgian military actions against Russian peacekeepers in the breakaway regions and against Ossetians loyal to Russia . Over several years , Russia has given passports to many residents of South Ossetia -- which borders Russia -- and declared them Russian citizens . Georgia 's ambassador to Washington said he hopes Putin "  will listen to what President Bush had to say . " "  The time is very critical for my country , " Vasil Sikharulidze said . "  Georgia faces extinction under this brutal Russian invasion . " The conflict began last week after Georgia said it launched a military operation Thursday in South Ossetia after artillery fire from separatists killed 10 people . Russia sent its forces there Friday , accusing Georgia of plotting to wipe out Ossetians loyal to Russia . By the weekend , Russia had sent forces to Abkhazia , a second breakaway Georgian territory . Georgia has contended that Russia merely wants control of an oil pipeline , and Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili said Monday that Russia seeks to stamp out his country 's "  democratic ambitions . " South Ossetia 's capital , Tskhinvali , lay in smoldering ruins Monday after four days of fighting . Each side accused the other of killing large numbers of civilians . Russia said at least 2,000 people had been killed in Tskhinvali . At the United Nations in New York on Monday , Russia refused to sign off on a resolution calling for a cease-fire with Georgia despite mounting pressure from world powers . Russian Ambassador Vitaly Churkin said the proposed U.N. resolution , drafted by French officials , was lacking in a "  serious number " of areas . "  I ca n't see us accepting this French draft of this resolution , " Churkin told reporters late Monday . "  We will look at the draft and try to bring it to a standard where it can play a role in this . " One of the issues Churkin mentioned was that the draft resolution , which has not been made public , did not mention Georgia 's previous "  aggression " in South Ossetia . Russia argues that it is acting in response to a Georgian attack on the territory , whose separatist government is backed by Moscow . The details of the draft -- backed by the United States and the other European members of the Security Council -- include calls for an immediate cease-fire , a complete withdrawal of Russian and Georgian forces and participation in mediation . The council could take up the proposal on Tuesday -- but as one of five permanent members of the Security Council , Russia could veto any resolution . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice spoke by telephone Monday with most of the foreign ministers belonging to the Group of Eight leading industrialized nations about the conflict . The G-8 consists of the U.S. , Britain , France , Germany , Italy , Canada , Japan and Russia . Russia , which officially joined the group in 1998 , was absent from Monday 's discussions . The ministers reiterated their support for Georgian sovereignty and called for a diplomatic solution , Deputy State Department spokesman Robert Wood told reporters . Rice and the ministers voiced concern over the increasing civilian casualties and pressed Russia to accept a cease-fire . Saakashvili said Monday he signed an internationally brokered cease-fire proposal that was to be taken to Moscow on Monday evening by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner and Finnish Foreign Minister Alexander Stubb . NATO also is involved in efforts to broker a deal between Georgia and Russia . The U.S. is trying to transport 2,000 Georgian troops serving in Iraq back home to fend off Russian advances , but beyond that "  there are no discussions about the U.S. getting involved militarily , " Wood said . The United States has begun to provide humanitarian assistance to Georgia , however . The first package of supplies is expected to be depleted by Monday evening . The U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi declared a "  disaster " in Georgia and has authorized $ 250,000 in initial funding for supplies to assist about 10,000 people . Wood said the U.S. is pre-positioning other supplies such as tents and blankets and bringing in additional replacement supplies from Germany . Over the weekend , the State Department allowed families of U.S. diplomats in Georgia to leave the country . Diplomats , however , would remain , the department said . The United States also has helped about 170 Americans leave Georgia in two convoys , with a third planned Tuesday . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this story .	Bush warns Russia not to overthrow Georgia 's government U.S. Embassy in Tbilisi declares "  disaster " in Georgia , OKs funds U.S. will send aid , but no talks on "  getting involved militarily , " official says Most ministers in Group of Eight express concern over increasing civilian casualties
Wired  -- Of all the things Felix Baumgartner had to worry about while pursuing his dream of skydiving from 120,000 feet , the one that almost stopped him cold was ... Claustrophobia . "  Fearless Felix " got a bit freaked out by the pressurized suit he 'll wear during his ascent and , more importantly , his supersonic descent from 23 miles up -- now tentatively scheduled for Sunday or Monday . Getting over his discomfort was a key hurdle to clear as the Austrian adventurer set out to make the highest skydive ever . Opinion : The space adventure you ca n't miss To that end , Red Bull , his sponsor , called in Dr. Michael Gervais . He 's a sports psychologist who specializes in high-performance and "  extreme " sports like , say , falling out of the sky at the speed of sound . Red Bull wanted him to psychologically evaluate Baumgartner and help him conquer his fear . It must be said that Baumgartner is no stranger to fear or death-defying situations . The 43-year-old former military parachutist has made more than 2,500 jumps , including dives from the Petronas Towers and the Taipei 101 skyscraper . Clearly he has learned how to put aside fear , even use it to his advantage . "  Fear has become a friend of mine , " he said in a statement . "  It 's what prevents me from stepping too far over the line . On a mission like this , you need to be mentally fit and have total control over what you do , and I 'm preparing very thoroughly . " But his plan to break the unofficial record retired Col. Joe Kittinger set with a leap from 102,800 feet in 1960 revealed a fear Baumgartner had n't felt before . And it had nothing to do with coming down from such a height , but suiting up to reach it . To prevent a potentially fatal condition called ebullism , Baumgartner must wear a custom-made space suit and helmet . Although the suit , based on those worn by high-altitude reconnaissance pilots , is designed to maximize maneuverability and visibility , it constricts his movement and vision . He 'd never worn a pressurized space suit before , and he felt the claustrophobia -- which , according to a New York Times account , was so severe it brought on panic attacks -- threatened to bring the mission to a screeching halt . Skydiver to try again for record free fall That 's when Gervais stepped in . After determining that Baumgartner was entirely committed to making the jump and not using claustrophobia as an excuse to back out , he set to work .  Baumgartner , who is in Roswell , New Mexico preparing for Sunday 's launch , could not be reached for comment , but Red Bull confirmed Gervais ' account for Wired . Over the course of three days , Gervais determined Baumgartner did n't have quite the right tools to manage his mind and emotions in the face of so great a risk . That 's where the suit became an issue : It was a symbol of his not having complete control of the situation . To combat this , Gervais said , Baumgartner had to reconnect with his vision . He 'd become too focused on the suit , not the goal he hoped to reach wearing it . Simply put , he needed to get his eyes back on the prize . "  When we are in a high stakes or intense situation , it 's not uncommon for our minds to jump forward , going to the next moment and worrying about what happens when this moment does n't go well , " Gervais said . "  What happens is we give 50 percent to something that does n't exist yet and 50 to this moment . " To reconnect with his vision , Baumgartner needed to reconnect to what Gervais called his hidden journey -- what the jump meant to him , beyond being the first person to skydive from so great a height , or being the first person to exceed the speed of sound  about 700 mph at that altitude  in free fall . The hidden journey , he said , is much more basic : Baumgartner wants to go somewhere no one has ever been . Gervais taught Baumgartner how to better manage his mind and body under pressure . Baumgartner mastered something Gervais called "  combat breathing , " or deep breathing , to calm himself . And he developed positive self-talk , using great care in choosing the words he used when talking to himself and others about the jump . "  Self-talk is considered one of the most powerful mental skills , " Gervais said . "  Self talk is the foundation for self-confidence and self-esteem . " To sharpen these skills , Gervais put Baumgartner in increasingly uncomfortable situations -- which he would not specify -- and made him try to gain control of his body and mind . "  We cultivated a situation to move a person to the edge of panic , " said Gervais . "  Imagine doing that repeatedly over 30 hours of training and at the end of it , you 've got full control of how your mind works , and you breathe freely in those moments . " To further help Baumgartner , Kittinger -- a trusted adviser who has worked closely will Baumgartner over the years -- will be the only voice the Austrian will hear on the radio . "  Felix trusts me because I know what he 's going through -- and I 'm the only one who knows what he 's going through , " the retired colonel told the Times . His flight team also devised a detailed pre-launch procedure to help occupy Baumgartner 's mind before lift-off . Once Baumgartner 's mind was at ease , Gervais had to convince the Stratos team the problem had been solved . Because his ascent , in a space capsule dangling beneath a 55-story helium balloon , would take about 3.5 hours , and the descent about 20 minutes , he had to demonstrate 4.5 to five hours of proficiency in the suit . "  Then they would feel comfortable that Felix as a man and an athlete could manage himself in a space where no one else has been , " Gervais said . We already know Baumgartner passed the test , because he made successful test jumps from 13 miles up in March and 18 miles up in July . That said , the repeated weather delays -- the jump has been twice delayed by high wind -- ca n't be helping the mental strain , but Gervais is confident that Baumgartner has what it takes to stay focused on the task at hand . "  He 's somebody that is willing to commit everything to his vision , " added Gervais . "  Everything is on the line . It 's a great emblem for all of us to find value and fully commit to a vision . " Skydiver aims for supersonic jump from the edge of space Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Felix Baumgartner has made more than 2,500 skydiving jumps "  Fear has become a friend of mine , " he said Baumgartner wore a pressured suit for a record-breaking jump , adding claustrophobia
CNN  -- Russia will begin the construction of a new naval base this year in Georgia 's pro-Russian separatist region of Abkhazia , according to a Russian media report Monday . Russia 's Black Sea fleet is based in Sevastopol under a lease agreement with Ukraine that expires in 2017 . Russia 's Itar-Tass news agency quoted an unnamed official at Russian naval headquarters as saying it wanted to station vessels at the Abkhaz port of Ochamchire on the Black Sea , Reuters.com reported . "  The fundamental decision on creating a Black Sea Fleet base in Ochamchire has been taken , " the official told Tass , in quotes carried by Reuters.com . "  This year we will begin practical work , including dredging , along Abkhazia 's coast . "  It will take more than a year to implement all works . " The official added that the deployment was to protect the breakaway region from Georgian attacks . Georgia launched a campaign against South Ossetia , a Russian-backed separatist territory , on August 7 last year . The following day , Russian tanks , troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and Abkhazia , advancing into Georgian cities outside the rebel regions . The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict and have made accusations of ethnic cleansing . Moscow has since recognized Abkhazia and South Ossetia as independent regions -- a move which angered many Western governments who suspect Russia of acting to thwart Georgia 's ambitions of joining NATO . This latest development comes despite comments made last year by Abkhazia 's leader that his territory would not be hosting Russian military bases . "  There will be no new bases , " Sergei Bagapsh told Russia 's Novosti news agency , adding that Russia 's Black Sea Fleet will not be based in the republic either . "  Only units of Russia 's ground forces that have always been based here will continue to be stationed in Abkhazia , " he said . Russia 's Black Sea Fleet is currently based in the port of Sevastopol which belongs to Ukraine -- another former Soviet state which , like Georgia , aspires to NATO membership . The fleet is due to leave Ukraine for good in 2017 , in line with a 20-year lease deal signed in 1997 . However , Russia 's diplomats and military have said they want the fleet to stay at its traditional home base after the expiry of the deadline , Reuters.com reported .	Official : Russia to station vessels at Abkhaz port of Ochamchire on Black Sea Moscow recognizes Abkhazia as independent region following war with Georgia Georgia and Russia blame each other for starting last year 's conflict Russia 's Black Sea Fleet is currently based at the port of Sevastopol , Ukraine
LONDON , England -- A severe rabies epidemic has claimed the lives of at least 83 children within three months in Angola 's capital , Luanda , the World Health Organization  WHO  has said . Luanda , which has a large population of stray dogs , also has some of the world 's worst slums . Describing the situation as "  very worrying , " WHO rabies expert Francois Meslin told CNN : "  This is a huge number and could be the tip of the iceberg . " A doctor working at the country 's biggest referral hospital Hospital Pediatrico David Bernardino said staff were unable to save any of the children as rabies vaccines had run out . Some of the children were also brought into the hospital too late to be saved , Luis Bernardino , head of the hospital told UN humanitarian organization IRIN . He warned that the number of deaths could be much higher . "  The children were brought to our hospital and are the only ones we know of , so the number could be higher , " Bernardino told IRIN . "  It is a sad moment for us , " he added . "  I think it was probably that no one was prepared for such a high case load . " The number of cases has now started declining , however , said Bernardino . According to Meslin , this could be because the current infected pack of dogs has died . Meslin told CNN that the Angolan government needed to embark on a dog rabies control program urgently to prevent further outbreaks . Angola 's capital , where most of the population live in slums , has a large number of stray dogs who are said to have caused the epidemic . "  We have had some sporadic cases in other provincial capitals in the country ; we think the virus was brought into Luanda and then spread through the dogs -- Angolans love dogs , " Bernardino said . "  When the first 10 deaths were reported in December 2008 we alerted the authorities , but we do not have veterinary services in the city , no kennels -LSB- to keep and observe the animals -RSB- and vaccinate them , " he added . Another problem contributing to the crisis is that vaccines are too expensive for the average family . "  One dose of vaccine costs about $ 10 and five of those have to be administered , which makes the total cost of treatment $ 50 which is more than a month 's salary for families in most developing countries , " Meslin added . In 2008 the WHO wrote that rabies , a disease transmitted from animals with infected saliva to humans , is present on nearly every continent of the world but more that 95 per cent of human deaths occur in Asia and Africa . It can be prevented by vaccination , either prior to exposure or as part of post-exposure treatment . But once symptoms of the disease develop , rabies is fatal . According to the WHO , rabies can affect the lungs , stomach and central nervous systems . In the critical stage , a victim slips into a coma and death , usually due to breathing failure . More than 55,000 people die of rabies each year , the WHO wrote , with 30 to 60 per cent of the victims of dog bites being children under the age of 15 .	A severe rabies epidemic has killed at least 83 children in 3 months in Angola Francois Meslin , rabies expert at the WHO says this is cause for serious concern Once symptoms develop , rabies is always fatal , according to the WHO
Moscow  CNN  -- A day after a plane crash outside the Russian city of Yaroslavl killed dozens of Russian and international hockey players , hundreds of residents and supporters gathered Thursday at the arena where the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv hockey club played to commemorate those lost . Russian TV showed mountains of flowers , scarves , flags and other items bearing the team 's insignia being laid in front of the stadium in Yaroslavl , a city 155 miles northeast of Moscow . Candles were lit and many people were crying . Churches across the city held memorial services , with many fans attending dressed in Lokomotiv jerseys . Fans put up a poster outside the stadium wishing a speedy recovery for one of the team 's leading players , forward Alexander Galimov , who was one of the two survivors of the crash . Doctors say he suffered burns over 80 % of his body . "  Sasha , keep fighting , the country is with you , " the poster says , using the Russian nickname for Alexander . Galimov and crew member Alexander Sizov , the other survivor , were flown to Moscow for treatment in leading Moscow trauma clinics , state media reported . The Russian Health and Social Development Ministry earlier described their condition as "  serious . " The Yak-42 passenger airplane was carrying 45 people , including eight crew members , when it crashed just after takeoff outside Yaroslavl Wednesday afternoon . It was bound for Minsk , Belarus , where the team was to play Thursday . Many of those on Lokomotiv Yaroslavl 's roster had ties to the National Hockey League -- which includes teams from the United States and Canada -- including Pavol Demitra , a former Minnesota Wild and Vancouver Canucks center from Slovakia , and Josef Vasicek from the Czech Republic , who had played with the New York Islanders and Carolina Hurricanes . Another Lokomotiv player , Ruslan Salei from Belarus , had skated for the Anaheim Mighty Ducks , Colorado Avalanche and the Red Wings . Lokomotiv head coach Brad McCrimmon , a Canadian who also died in the crash , was an NHL veteran as well , the league said on its website . Yaroslavl Gov. Sergei Vakhrukov has declared three days of mourning in the region , Friday through Sunday , for those killed , his website said . The regional authorities have also decided to pay 300,000 rubles  about $ 10,200  to each family that lost relatives in the incident . The Yaroslavl City Hall , for its part , will pay 150,000 rubles  about $ 5,100  to each family , and the air carrier will also pay 2 million rubles  about $ 67,700  to each family , Vakhrukov said at a press briefing in Yaroslavl . The Russian Emergency Situations Ministry reported Thursday that all 43 bodies have now been found at the accident scene , and divers have recovered both the flight data and voice recorders from the plane . "  Investigators are looking into all of the possible theories behind what happened . However , the most likely theories are a technical malfunction or pilot error , " Russia 's Investigative Committee said on its website . More than 50 investigators , criminologists and forensic experts are currently working at the scene , the committee said . Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin said all Yak-42 planes currently in operation would undergo extra checks in the next three days . Speaking from a crisis center set up in Yaroslavl to deal with the crash aftermath , he said that at the moment 16 Russian air carriers are using 57 aircraft of this type . President Dmitry Medvedev visited the crash site and laid flowers there Thursday . "  This was a shock for the whole country , " he said . "  But there is a special aspect to this : the plane was carrying the lineup of a team loved not only in Yaroslavl but also all over Russia , and which was one of the most successful clubs in this country . "  This is a huge loss not only to all of their relatives and beloved ones but also to all fans and the entire state . " The government will have to take tough measures to upgrade the country 's aircraft fleet , step up safety standards and radically cut the number of air companies , Medvedev said . Passengers ' lives , not the interests of Russia 's aircraft industry , should be the top priority in taking these steps , the president said , speaking at the crisis center in Yaroslavl . Medvedev then went on as planned to the third Yaroslavl political forum , a high-profile annual international event taking place in the city . The Russian president , who delivered a keynote political speech to representatives from 32 countries gathered there , began his address after a moment of silence was held to pay tribute to those killed . The Russian Kontinental Hockey League will now start its regular season Monday , following the commemorative events in Yaroslavl Saturday , the league announced on its website . The chairman of the league 's board of directors and a hockey legend in the country , Vyacheslav Fetisov , said on national TV that many players from other hockey teams had said they want to support the club and volunteered to play for the Yaroslav team . "  We will work on such a transfer mechanism in the near future , " Fetisov said . And Alexander Medvedev , president of the league , said in a radio interview that "  all the KHL clubs without exception called the league and said they are willing to send their best players to Yaroslavl . "	Tributes are being paid to the members of Lokomotiv Yaroslavl hockey club who died Among them were 11 international players , and a number who had ties to the NHL Only two of the 45 people aboard the plane survived Wednesday 's crash The plane crashed on takeoff from Yaroslavl airport bound for Minsk , Belarus
CNN Student News  -- October 22 , 2009 Quick Guide Afghan Runoff Problems - Assess the problems that Afghanistan faces in assembling a runoff election . H1N1 Response - Find out how public settings help germs spread from person to person . College Costs - Examine the rising costs of college and how some students are paying tuition . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : On HLN , online , on iTunes . However you 're watching us , thanks for checking out CNN Student News . Bringing you today 's headlines , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Terror Charge AZUZ : First up , authorities have charged a man in Massachusetts with planning to provide material support to terrorists overseas . The U.S. attorney for Massachusetts says Tarek Mehanna tried to get training from the Taliban and hoped to attack members of the U.S. government . The official added that those people were never in any danger . The U.S. attorney claims that Mehanna , who you see in this file video , was involved in this conspiracy that lasted for about seven years . If he 's convicted on the material support charge , Mehanna could face up to 15 years in prison . TARP Report AZUZ : A new report says last year 's $ 700 billion could cost the government more than just money . Neil Barofsky , who oversees the program for the Treasury Department , says it could damage the government 's reputation with taxpayers , and there 's also a risk of rewarding companies that took big chances . The Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , was passed following last year 's financial crisis . Its goal was to help struggling banks and companies . So far , about 17 percent of the loans that were given out as part of TARP have been repaid . IAEA Talks AZUZ : Iran has signed off on an agreement to send some of the uranium it makes to other countries for further enrichment . This was the result of talks between Iran , the U.S. , France , Russia and the International Atomic Energy Agency . Iran says part of the reason it accepted the deal was to prove that its nuclear activities are only for peaceful purposes . Other nations have accused the Middle Eastern country of trying to develop nuclear weapons . Afghan Runoff Problems AZUZ : President Obama says that the U.S. will continue to work with the Afghan government no matter who wins that country 's runoff election next month . As we told you about yesterday , the leading candidates from August 's election are going to take part in the runoff on November 7th . But as Chris Lawrence explains , there are some potential problems in putting together an election that soon . BEGIN VIDEO CHRIS LAWRENCE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Afghanistan is trying to pull off an election on little more than two weeks ' official notice . And these are the problems it 's facing : logistics , lack of awareness , fraud and fear . DR. ABDULLAH ABDULLAH , AFGHANISTAN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : The people of Afghanistan were threatened . They lost their fingers in the last round of elections . LAWRENCE : Ink-stained fingers were proof of voting , which made them targets of the Taliban . But a U.S. defense official says there are more American and Afghan troops in place now than in August . And a U.N. official says they 're reducing the number of polling stations so security teams wo n't be spread so thin . On Thursday , the U.N. is launching TV and radio spots , trying to make voters aware there is another election . It 's not a given that people know ; less than 30 % of Afghans can read . A high turnout and a safe election . Those are fine goals for politicians and officials to have . But what about the Afghan people , the ones who may be risking their lives to come out again to cast their vote ? We found mixed opinions in this crowded Kabul market . MAN ON THE STREET : We want to build up our country . So despite the problems , I will go to vote in the next election . LAWRENCE : Officials threw out more than a million votes because of suspected fraud . And now , a European Union official says there will be far fewer election monitors for the runoff because the EU ca n't deploy them all on such short notice . LAWRENCE : Do you trust that your vote will be counted fairly ? HABIB HAKIM , KABUL RESIDENT : Uhhh , I do n't think so . LAWRENCE : And Habib Hakim ca n't see how President Karzai or his challenger will improve security . HAKIM : And I 'm not sure Dr. Abdullah Abdullah will be able to stop the insurgency in Afghanistan , or at least to limit the level of insurgency in Afghanistan . LAWRENCE : At the least , they want to limit the reach of that insurgency on election day . Chris Lawrence , CNN , Kabul . END VIDEO Shoutout RICK VINCENT , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Who is the U.S. secretary of Health and Human Services ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Kathleen Sebelius , B  Thomas Vilsack , C  Janet Napolitano or D  Timothy Geithner ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Kathleen Sebelius heads up the Health and Human Services Department , which is responsible for protecting Americans ' health . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! H1N1 Response AZUZ : And that puts Secretary Sebelius in charge of the U.S. response to H1N1 . Sebelius , who was recently treated for skin cancer above her eye , talked to a Senate committee yesterday about some of the differences between H1N1 and the seasonal flu . U.S. SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES KATHLEEN SEBELIUS : Half the hospitalizations for flu-like illness are for people under the age of 25 ; very different picture than seasonal flu . Nearly 90 percent of the deaths from H1N1 are among people under 65 . Again , a very different picture than seasonal flu , where 90 % of the deaths year in and year out are for Americans over the age of 65 . AZUZ : The World Health Organization has classified H1N1 as a pandemic because of how far this thing has spread around the world . CNN 's Senior Medical Correspondent Elizabeth Cohen shows us how germs like the H1N1 virus can transfer from person to person . BEGIN VIDEO ELIZABETH COHEN , SENIOR MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : Let 's pretend that you and I are going to get on the subway . We stand in line at this kiosk , and let 's say I 'm sick . I go like this , I touch this , you 're right behind me , now it 's your turn . DR. RHONDA MEDOWS , GEORGIA DEPARTMENT OF COMMUNITY HEALTH : And I 'm not so happy with you right now . What happens is , and commonly it happens every single day , is that people who have different illnesses , different symptoms , coughing , sneezing , runny nose , sinus infections , whatever , do the same thing you just did without even thinking about it . H1N1 virus can live on an inanimate object for 2-8 hours . This is a virus that our bodies have never seen before , so all those people who have touched it , if they have H1N1 , they have no immunity and neither do you . And this is where the adventure actually starts COHEN : So , we are now standing behind a whole bunch of people . If one of them were sick and sneezed , could we get sick ? MEDOWS : Yes , we can . COHEN : Even at this distance ? MEDOWS : It 's less than six feet . So that spray , the air droplet spray , could actually come into your being . You 're inhaling , you 're breathing respiratory droplets . END VIDEO No More Fountains AZUZ : A few moments ago you heard Secretary Sebelius mention it . The H1N1 virus seems to be affecting large numbers of people your age . In order to keep it from spreading , some schools have temporarily shut down , while one Kansas school district is planning to shut down drinking fountains . Students are being urged to bring their own water to class . School officials are even propping doors open to try and keep the handles and the students germ free . Word to the Wise TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A Word to the Wise ... tuition  noun  a charge or fee for instruction , specifically at a private school , college or university source : www.dictionary.com College Costs AZUZ : You know you have to pay tuition when you go to college . But universities get money from alumni and states as well . And when that money decreases , due to a recession , for example , the tuition you pay can increase . For a lot of people , what you can afford is a big part of determining where you 're gon na go . And right now , tuition costs are higher than ever . BEGIN VIDEO AZUZ : Higher education is coming with a higher price tag . Unlike housing in America , college is a serious seller 's market . PATRICK CALLAN , NATIONAL CENTER FOR PUBLIC POLICY & HIGHER EDUCATION : Both the cost and price of higher education have gone up faster than almost anything else in the American economy for 25 years . AZUZ : So , how much money are we talking ? According to a new survey by the College Board , if you 're planning to go to a public , four-year university in your own state , you 're looking at a 6.5 percent increase to around $ 7,000 dollars per year just for tuition and fees . Public schools in another state : 6.2 percent increase , or more than $ 18,500 tuition . Private schools : 4.4 percent increase , more than $ 26,000 per year , tuition . I keep saying "  tuition " because room and board in each of these categories is also going up , making the yearly totals even more expensive . There is a silver lining , though . About two-thirds of full-time students are getting help in the form of financial aid . And that does n't have to be paid back . Fine . But what about the third that does n't get financial aid ? Student loans often come into play here , and not surprisingly , borrowing went up five percent for the ' 08 - '09 academic year . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go today , we 're talking about video games . They 're not just for young people . This bowling tournament is strictly for seniors and it 's all about the Wii . About 600 older rollers took to the virtual lanes at this tournament recently in Texas . The goal of these gamers was n't just to set a world record -- which they did . The event was also designed to encourage seniors to stay fit in order to avoid injuries . Goodbye AZUZ : Plus , it looks like everyone had a Wii-ly good time . Aw yeah , that 's how we roll . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Assess the problems that Afghanistan faces in assembling a runoff election Find out how public settings help germs spread from person to person Examine the rising costs of college and how some students are paying tuition
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Hal David , the lyricist behind such standards as "  Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head " and "  What the World Needs Now is Love , " has died at 91 , the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers said Saturday . The Oscar - and Grammy-winning songwriter , who teamed with musician Burt Bacharach on dozens of hit songs , died Saturday at Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles from complications of a stroke , ASCAP said . David 's greatest hits David started working with Bacharach in the late 1950s on tunes recorded by artists including Perry Como , Gene Pitney , Dusty Springfield , Tom Jones , Frank Sinatra , the Carpenters , Barbra Streisand and Dionne Warwick . In May , President Barack Obama and the first lady hosted a concert honoring Bacharach and David as part of the "  In Performance at the White House " series . "  As a lyric writer , Hal was simple , concise and poetic -- conveying volumes of meaning in fewest possible words and always in service to the music , " ASCAP President and Chairman Paul Williams said . "  It is no wonder that so many of his lyrics have become part of our everyday vocabulary and his songs ... the backdrop of our lives . " Singer Smokey Robinson on Saturday said David was one of his songwriting idols when he was growing up . "  I hope that the music world will join together in celebrating the life of one of our greatest composers ever , " Robinson said in a statement Saturday . "  I will really miss my friend but I will celebrate his life and he will live on-and-on through his incredible musical contribution . " Lyricist Carole Bayer Sager , who also worked extensively with then-husband Burt Bacharach , said David made Bacharach 's melodies seem "  effortless . " David was president of ASCAP from 1980 till 1986 . The Recording Academy called David an "  exquisite lyricist " whose work has left a "  lasting impact on our culture . " He was born in Brooklyn , New York , to parents who had immigrated from Austria . He studied journalism at New York University before joining the military during World War II . Returning to New York after the war , he began working with songwriters he met at the famous Brill Building , which at the time was the center of the city 's song industry , ASCAP said . It was his collaboration with Bacharach that proved the most fruitful . They were some of the first to work with Warwick when she was a young vocalist . Dionne Warwick sings Hal David 's last lyrics They also helped Herb Alpert to No. 1 with "  This Guy 's in Love With You " and wrote The Carpenters ' No. 1 hit "  They Long to Be  Close to You . " British Invasion stars like Springfield and Sandie Shaw sought the pair 's talents in the 1960s , and they got Tom Jones into the Top 10 with "  What 's New Pussycat . " The pair 's accomplishments extended to stage and screen as well . They wrote scores and themes for 1960s films including "  Alfie " and "  Casino Royale . " Their "  Raindrops " tune was written for "  Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid " and reached No. 1 . They wrote the score for the musical "  Promises , Promises , " which was nominated for a Tony Award and won a Grammy for best Cast Album of the Year in 1970 . David parted ways with Bacharach in the early 1970s , but he went on to work with other composers , including Albert Hammond -- with whom he wrote "  To All the Girls I 've Loved Before . " His first wife , Anne , died in 1987 . He is survived by his wife , Eunice ; two sons , three grandchildren , and two stepsons . David 's older brother Mack , who died in 1991 , was also a famous songwriter who wrote such hits as "  La Vie en Rose , " "  Candy , " and "  Bibiddi-Bobbidi-Boo . " People we 've lost in 2012 : They lives they lived	He co-wrote dozens of hits with Burt Bacharach His songs include "  Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head " Frank Sinatra , Barbra Streisand and Dionne Warwick recorded his songs He was an Oscar and Grammy Award winner
CNN  -- Pop star Rihanna is adding major star power to the campaign for gay rights in Russia . The singer behind hits such as "  Disturbia " and "  SOS " tweeted a photo of herself wearing a hat emblazoned with P6 , short for Principle 6 . The campaign speaks out against Russia 's anti-gay propaganda law as the nation hosts the Winter Olympics . Rihanna has 34 million followers on Twitter . The photo links to her Instagram account , which has about 12 million followers . In subsequent tweets , she posted links to other articles highlighting the issue . Equality group All Out tweeted the singer back . "  Whoah . Thank you @rihanna for standing up for #P6 and equality at the Olympics ! " the group posted . Russia has faced criticism for its policies involving homosexuality leading up to the Olympics in Sochi . In June , its parliament passed a law that makes it illegal to tell children about gay equality . The international community has widely criticized the law as archaic and discriminatory . And last week , Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has signed a decree banning foreign same-sex couples from adopting Russian children . The move also bans singles from countries where same-sex marriages are legal from adopting Russian children . Russian President Vladimir Putin has said Russia , unlike some other countries , does not criminalize homosexual relationships . "  We do n't outlaw anything and do n't nab anyone , " Putin said last month . "  That 's why you can feel safe and free here , but please leave our children in peace . "	Rihanna posts a photo to her 34 million followers on Twitter In it , she 's wearing a hat emblazoned with P6 The campaign speaks out against Russia 's laws about homosexuality
CNN  -- The eruption of a volcano in Guatemala was diminishing Friday , emergency officials said , though a heightened alert for the communities near the Volcan de Fuego remained in place . "  For the moment , all that are seen are weak and moderate explosions as well as flows of lava that also diminished in length , " the government said on its website , citing the National Institute of Seismology , Volcanology , Meteorology and Hydrology . "  People are returning to their houses now that the activity has lowered , " said David de Leon , a spokesman for CONRED Guatemala , which organizes disaster relief . But , he added , "  We tell them it might be necessary " to leave again , should the volcano 's activity spike . Though 35,000 people might theoretically have been affected by the columns of ash and smoke that rose from the "  Fire Volcano , " only 5,000 live southwest of it , the direction that was threatened , he said . On Thursday night , only about 800 people sought refuge at the four shelters set up by the Red Cross , said a Red Cross spokesman , Vinicio Sarazua Santillan . "  Many of the people who were evacuated decided to go back to their houses , and others never left , " he said . He predicted that the shelters would be empty Friday night "  if the volcano continues in tranquility . " Sarazua said that a number of people refused to evacuate out of fear that their belongings could be stolen . But , he said , as of Friday afternoon he had heard no reports of looting . De Leon said he also had heard no reports of looting . A government photo of Volcan de Fuego showed a massive wall of smoke that was lighter where it rose into the sky , and dark gray as it drifted . The average height of the column of smoke had decreased from about 2,000 meters  6,560 feet  to 700 meters , the agency said . Still , civil protection authorities kept in place the heightened "  orange " alert . The volcano began spewing ash at 10 a.m. Thursday and was continuing to belch late in the afternoon near the country 's former capital , Antigua , said Carmen Maria Caballero of the Guatemalan Red Cross . CNN iReporter Harby David Marroquin had been working at a nearby golf course when he saw nature 's pyrotechnics and shot video on his iPhone . It showed white smoke pouring out of the top of the 3,763-meter  12,346-foot  volcano . Listening to the volcano gives him peace of mind , Marroquin said . "  You feel an indescribable energy , and this time was no different . " Three people were treated at mobile health centers for respiratory problems , according to de Leon . Thursday 's eruption marked the sixth -- and the strongest -- this year , Caballero said . "  It 's a very active volcano , " she added , but said that did not necessarily mean Thursday 's eruption would last longer than others . According to the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History , the volcano is one of Central America 's most active . Is Yellowstone atop a supervolcano that can threaten Earth ? Thousands evacuated after volcano in Nicaragua erupts	NEW : "  Weak and moderate explosions " are all that are being seen , the government says On Friday , authorities say , it is decreasing in activity A heightened alert remains in place Guatemala 's Volcan de Fuego , or "  Fire Volcano , " erupted Thursday
The sudden , massive flood of refugees fleeing ISIS is unlike any other displacement in the 3 1/2 - year Syrian conflict . As many as 200,000 people have left the area surrounding the Syrian Kurdish city of Kobani , also known as Ayn al-Arab , in just four days as ISIS advances into the area , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Monday . Most have gone into Turkey , the London-based monitoring group said . Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency and the United Nations said 130,000 Syrian refugees have entered Turkey since Friday . But the unprecedented surge that broke loose Friday has slowed , as Turkey reduced the number of open crossings from eight or nine to just two , said Ariane Rummery , a spokeswoman for the U.N. refugee agency . Processing the refugees is also taking time . New arrivals are being searched for arms , receiving medical checks , being identified and receiving ID cards that they can use in Turkey to show their status to local authorities . "  Children are being vaccinated , " Rummery said . Fight to prevent massacre Inside Syria , a Kurdish official complained about the border becoming more difficult to cross . "  Now , they stop people and make a procedure before letting them in , " Idris Nassan said in Kobani . The town is fighting ISIS with determination , he said . "  Every moment of every second of every day , we have clashes ongoing outside the center of Kobani , " Nassan said . But ISIS , which also calls itself the "  Islamic State , " has bigger , better weapons than the Kurdish People 's Protection Units , known as YPG , the initials for their name in Kurdish . "  ISIS brought weapons from Iraq and Raqqa . They have tanks , RPGs , cannons , " Nassan said . Turkish Kurds help But Kurdish fighters from Turkey are crossing into Syria to help . "  I saw groups of them last night walking inside the city , getting ready to go to the fighting , " Nassan said . "  Some were experienced fighters and others civilian volunteers to help the resistance . " New men arrive every day and are eager to join . "  It helps with morale , " Nassan said . It 's making a difference . "  Over the last two days , YPG has been making progress . Before that , ISIS was advancing , and YPG was retreating , but the situation has changed now , and the YPG is making a strong response , " Nassan said . Kobani may be hanging on , but ISIS has captured some 60 villages in recent days , according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The terror group 's fighters took 39 villages on Friday alone , as Kurdish forces withdrew from their positions . The fight is no longer about holding on to their hometowns , Kurdish activist Mostafa Baly said from Kobani . "  It is about resisting the attack by ISIS and defending 50,000 Kurds from a massacre . " Turmoil in Turkey ISIS ' offensive is stoking tensions in Turkey . As Turkish Kurds have responded to their ethnic brothers and sisters in Syria , friction has heated up between the Kurdistan Workers Party and Turkish security forces , who used tear gas and water cannons against them in several clashes . The number of Syrian refugees now in Turkey since the beginning of the conflict is approaching 1.6 million , according to the Turkish government . Turkey may now feel freer to join the fight against ISIS . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said on Sunday that the release of 49 Turkish citizens taken hostage when ISIS took control of Mosul , Iraq 's second-largest city , has removed a barrier to Turkey joining an international coalition to fight the terrorists .	As many as 200,000 people have fled a Syrian Kurdish area , a monitor group says Kurdish fighters from Turkey are arriving on the border to join the fight against ISIS Official : "  ISIS brought weapons from Iraq and Raqqa . They have tanks , RPGs , cannons " The number of Syrian refugees in Turkey surpasses 130,000 , a U.N. official says .
CNN  -- One by one , surviving family members and friends stepped up to a podium in Arlington National Cemetery . Before them were short lists of names , which included their loved ones -- fathers , sisters , sons and more . Slowly , they read the names , each one punctuated with a ring of a bell , to honor and remember who was lost . A quarter of a century ago Saturday , Pan Am Flight 103 exploded in the evening skies above Lockerbie , in Scotland , killing all 259 people on board and 11 more on the ground . Events Saturday in the United States and Britain marked the 25th anniversary of a bombing that devastated families on both sides of the Atlantic . It remains the deadliest act of terrorism on British soil . At Arlington , a crowd used to gathering in bitter cold to remember this day each year sat beneath unseasonably warm Virginia skies . They heard from dignitaries , including Attorney General Eric Holder and Parliamentary Under Secretary of State for Scotland David Mundell . And they paid tribute to their collective loss , their fight for justice and aviation security reform , and their sense of community -- not just with each other , but with those in Lockerbie . "  You created light out of darkness , and out of that light has come a lasting legacy , " said former FBI Director Robert Mueller . "  We mark your strength ... May the thought of your loved ones bring a smile to your lips . " A bagpiper honored the anniversary with "  Amazing Grace . " Children placed flowers at the cemetery 's Lockerbie Cairn . A wreath was laid and taps was played . The explosion left 189 Americans dead . Across the Atlantic , services of remembrance were held Saturday evening at Westminster Abbey in London and at Dryfesdale Church in Lockerbie . The anniversary was also marked at Syracuse University in New York , which was especially hard hit by the disaster . "  Today marks the 25th anniversary of the tragic crash of Pan Am Flight 103 in Lockerbie , " Gov. Andrew Cuomo said in a press statement . "  That day , 270 innocent lives , including 35 students from Syracuse University who were returning home for the holidays , were taken from us . As we commemorate those we lost in this horrific terrorist attack , the families and loved ones of the victims are in the thoughts and prayers of all New Yorkers . Our state and nation will never forget their loss . " The service , in the university 's Hendricks Chapel , started at 2:03 p.m. ET , the time the bomb exploded  7:03 p.m. in Scotland  , and was scheduled to include the recitation of a specially composed "  Common Prayer for Peace . " Composed jointly by Hendricks Chapel Dean Tiffany Steinwert and the Rev. Sandy Stoddart of Lockerbie , it includes these lines : "  Rising up from the ashes of tragedy , we proclaim our commitment to creating a better , more just world . " Remembrance services were also planned at the university 's Lubin House in New York City . UK Prime Minister David Cameron , in a statement , paid tribute to the "  fortitude and resilience " of those affected by the bombing and said it demonstrated how "  terrorist acts can not crush the human spirit . " He said , "  Though 25 years have passed , memories of the 243 passengers , 16 crew and 11 Lockerbie residents who lost their lives on that terrible night have not dimmed . "  Over the last quarter of a century , much attention has been focused on the perpetrators of the atrocity . Today , our thoughts turn to its victims and to those whose lives have been touched and changed by what happened at Lockerbie that night . " Cameron said a strong bond between the town of Lockerbie and Syracuse University , which offers scholarships to two Lockerbie students each year , represented a "  lasting and optimistic legacy " that had emerged from tragedy . After a three-year investigation , U.S. and British investigators indicted two Libyans for murder in the bombing of the New York-bound Boeing 747 . Only one , Abdel Baset Ali Mohmed al Megrahi , was convicted . Megrahi died last year in Libya , having been released from prison in Scotland in 2009 on compassionate grounds because he had terminal cancer . Libya agreed in 2003 to pay $ 2.7 billion in compensation to the families of the bombing victims , although its late leader , Moammar Gadhafi , always remained cagey about admitting official Libyan involvement in the bombing .	Services are held in the United States and Britain to remember those killed It 's been 25 years since Pan Am Flight 103 exploded in the skies above Lockerbie , Scotland Syracuse University remembers 35 of its students who were on the plane Prime Minister David Cameron says memories of the 270 dead "  have not dimmed "
CNN  -- Summer is the perfect time of year to dive into thrillers that will burn away the afternoon and make you forget about your job , the heat or your visiting in-laws . Two new page-turners out in July fit that description , breaking new ground in the techno-thriller genre , which draws upon themes in science fiction , espionage and action . Watching ` the social dominoes fall ' Marcus Sakey 's "  Brilliance " is part science fiction , part high-speed chase with a healthy dose of "  Big Brother " paranoia . Sakey imagines a world very much like our own , except the human species is just a bit more evolved . A tiny percentage of children are born with special gifts . They can tell if you 're lying and move unseen in a crowd ; a few are smart enough to manipulate the stock market like a Rubik 's cube . To the families of these children , they 're called "  brilliants . " To others who fear them , they 're "  abnorms . " There is no 9/11 in the universe of "  Brilliance , " but there is still a war on terrorism in which the abnorms are the enemy -- or are they ? Sakey said the idea for the novel came came from his wife 's research of childhood development . While some children with neural disorders face tremendous challenges in daily life , others have categorical knowledge of Latin dinosaur names or can find their way home just by looking at a map , he said . "  What if a small group of people have gifts like that only more powerful ? What does that do to the rest of us ? " Sarkey said . "  I started building a whole world out from that idea and watched the social dominoes fall . " After a string of successful crime novels , Sakey said "  Brilliance " was a pleasant change of pace . He worried , though , that it was just a matter of time before agents showed up at his door because of all the time he spent on the phone talking hypothetically about blowing up buildings , assassinating politicians and Islamic fundamentalism , he said . "  One of the fun things about writing this book was to parallel quite consciously a lot of the developments that have happened in our world . " Government agents have n't knocked on Sakey 's door , yet but the book has grabbed Hollywood 's attention . Legendary Pictures , the company behind "  The Dark Knight " and "  Inception , " recently snapped up film rights . Drawing inspiration from ` current affairs rage ' Equally as fun and inventive is Charlie Huston 's "  Skinner , " an espionage thriller for the information age with echoes of John Le Carre and William Gibson . Skinner is a former CIA agent who specializes in "  asset protection . " He 's part assassin , part bodyguard , part science experiment , having been raised by psychologist parents in a see-through plastic enclosure under 24-7 observation . Huston says the idea came to him after reading about scientists who used their children as part of their research and took it to an extreme in which parents raise their kids in a "  Skinner box . " Skinner grows up to become a cold , ruthless and detached killer toward enemies and targets . But if you 're in trouble , you want him in your corner . Skinner guarantees the safety of those under his protection with a chilling maxim : "  The only true way to secure an asset is to ensure that the cost of acquiring it is greater than its value . " In other words , mess with Skinner 's friends , and he will make you pay -- dearly . Even Skinner 's employers fear him . Huston says the novel started out as a way channel his frustration with recent current events . "  I had what you might call current affairs rage , this kind of free floating anger directed at the faces of current events , politicians who ca n't get anything done , " he said . Huston wanted to capture the frenetic pace of the 24-hour global news cycle . He hits the reader with missing nukes , rogue agents , a cyberattack on U.S. infrastructure , plastic guns made on 3D printers and even violent clashes between political protesters and nervous governments . There 's even a global genocide meme . Through these touches , the story feels very up-to-the-minute and real , which is intentional , Huston said . "  I wanted it to feel like all of this stuff is going on right now . It 's so relentless , a real blurring of time sense . Everything seems to be accelerating and happening at a faster and faster rate . " For all of its action and relevance in current affairs , readers will feel rewarded by the novel 's hopeful ending . "  It 's so easy to see all the problems we have and be overwhelmed by them , " Huston said . "  I wanted the weak , the underclass to be empowered , to have an ending that was in some way optimistic because it 's so easy to look at the world and be pessimistic . But as much reality as Huston could bring to his story , he could n't keep up with everything . An Edward Snowden-type character is exactly what he wanted in the book , he said . "  If the story had broken just a month earlier , I could have gone back to the manuscript and put some references to it in there , " he said . "  I can live with the fact that I do n't have the Turkish protests or the Brazilian protests , but not having Snowden in there is just killing me . Can I change the second edition ? "	Two new summer thrillers reimagine current affairs through a sci-fi lens Marcus Sakey 's "  Brilliance " explores a world in which kids have supernatural abilities Charlie Huston 's ` Skinner " is an espionage thriller for the information age
Brunswick , Georgia  CNN  -- The sister of De'Marquise Elkins , one of the two teenage boys accused of fatally shooting a 13-month-old baby in Brunswick , Georgia , has been arrested on an evidence tampering charge , the Glynn County Sheriff 's Office said Thursday . Sabrina Elkins , 19 , was named in a grand jury indictment released Wednesday , accused of helping her mother get rid of the gun authorities say was used to kill the child during an attempted robbery on March 21 . Authorities did not reveal her alleged role in disposing of the gun , which police found in a pond 2.3 miles from where 13-month-old Antonio Santiago died . Baby 's death marks second time mom loses a son to violence "  She was part of that , and that 's the most I can answer of that question right now , " Glynn County police Chief Matt Doering said . The grand jury also indicted Elkins ' mother , Karimah Aisha Elkins , 36 , and aunt , Katrina Latrelle Elkins , 33 , on charges of making false statements or writings , among other things . They had been arrested earlier . None of the women are accused of involvement in the actual shooting . Police say their relative , De'Marquise Elkins , 17 , and another boy , 15-year-old Dominique Lang , were . The same grand jury that indicted the women also accused De'Marquise Elkins and Lang in the shooting , prosecutors announced Wednesday . Elkins is accused of malice and felony murder , along with other charges . Lang is accused of felony murder . CNN is identifying Lang because he is charged as an adult and media in the community have been naming him since he was arrested . Investigators are looking into the possibility of a gang tie to the shooting , Doering told reporters Thursday . "  That 's being explored , whether a gang involvement was part of this . And that 's all that I can say right now , " he said . He declined to say whether more arrests were possible . He said investigators remain in the field , working leads and searching for evidence . The shooting occurred on March 21 while the baby 's mother , Sherry West , was walking her son in a stroller . Two teenagers approached her , and one pointed a gun and demanded money , she said . The boy with the gun said , " ` Give me your money or I 'm going to kill you and I 'm going to shoot your baby and kill your baby , ' " West said . She said the boy tried to grab her purse and opened fire when she told him she had no money . He then shot at her -- hitting her in the leg and grazing her head -- then shot the baby in the face , she said . West tried in vain to resuscitate her son as bystanders called 911 for help . Sabrina Elkins , who is being held without bond , will appear before a magistrate at the Glynn County Detention Center on Friday , said April Smith , deputy clerk at the Glynn County Magistrate Court . Mom to teenage son accused in baby shooting : ' I love you ' Victor Blackwell reported from Brunswick , Georgia ; Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta ; and CNN 's Chris Youda contributed to this report .	NEW : Investigators looking into possibility of gang tie to shooting , police chief says Another relative of De'Marquise Elkins is arrested on charges related to shooting case Sabrina Elkins , 19 , is charged with evidence tampering Elkins and Dominique Lang are accused in Antonio Santiago 's March 21 death
Washington  CNN  -- In one of the most immediate consequences of the pending spending cuts , the Federal Aviation Administration has informed contractors that -- lacking any last-minute agreement -- the agency will move Monday to close some 168 contractor-staffed air traffic control towers nationwide on April 1 , and another 21 towers by Sept. 30 , industry officials tell CNN . All of the control towers are at small - and medium-size airports , but together they handle about 5.8 % of all commercial airline traffic , and considerably more business and private airplane traffic . The cuts will not force the closure of the airports , because aircraft can land without air traffic control help , and some operations can be switched to other FAA facilities . But airport authorities say the move will eliminate one level of safety at affected airports and will reduce the efficiency of the entire airspace system . The FAA 's first concrete action to address the $ 85 billion in spending cuts -- known in Washington as the sequestration -- is aimed at three contractors . While the FAA uses its own workforce of some 14,700 controllers to staff about 280 control towers at major airports , it contracts with three companies to staff roughly another 250 towers , generally at smaller airports . Spending cuts threaten military town 's business Representatives of those companies told CNN the FAA has notified them verbally that they will be receiving written notice by Monday about the pending tower closures . "  To us and our people , it 's extremely significant , " said Shane Cordes , CEO of Midwest Air Traffic Control Service , which provides controllers to towers in about 23 states in the East , Northeast , Great Lakes and central regions of the United States . "  We 're talking not only about a loss of jobs but , from my perspective , a negative impact to the safety and efficiency of the national airspace system , " he said . Cordes said the FAA 's contract tower program "  has been repeatedly lauded by the  DOT 's  office of inspector general as a cost effective and safe program . " The program "  enhanced the FAA 's attempts to be fiscally responsible while remaining operationally safe and efficient , " he said . In addition to the contract towers , the FAA has said it is contemplating closing 49 FAA-staffed towers . And it has notified most of its 47,000 employees of the possibility of furloughs , expected to be one or two days every two-week pay period . Spencer Dickerson of the U.S. Contract Tower Association , an airport industry group , said contract towers are taking a disproportionate brunt of the closures . In addition to the 168 towers to be closed April 1 , some 16 towers that are operated on a cost-sharing basis with other governments , and five operated with the Air National Guard , will be closed Sept. 30 . "  We 're very discouraged and we still think that the Department of Transportation and FAA ought to scrub the budget harder to find savings that do n't affect the control towers , " Dickerson said . Budget cuts would hit private air traffic in effort to spare airlines "  Will it be unsafe ? No . They 'll figure it out , but are there concerns about safety ? Absolutely . Are there concerns about efficiency ? Absolutely . Is this a job killer ? Absolutely , " Dickerson said . "  It 's unprecedented that we 're going to turn the lights off on 168 towers on April 1 , and we do n't have any information from the FAA on how that 's going to work , " he said . The FAA targeted airfields with fewer than 150,000 operations -- an operation is a takeoff or landing -- or 10,000 commercial operations in a year . The agency said it is open to reconsidering closures on a "  case by case " basis , but would have to offset any changes with other spending cuts . Congressional Republicans have criticized the planned tower closures , saying the administration is "  creating alarm " as a negotiating gambit . In a statement , three Republicans said , "  The agency is well positioned to absorb spending reductions without compromising the safety or efficiency of the National Airspace System . " The statement was released by House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Chairman Bill Shuster , R-Pennsylvania , Senate Commerce Committee Ranking Member John Thune , R-South Dakoka , and House Subcommittee on Aviation Chairman Frank LoBiondo , R-New Jersey . Wes Cozart , head of Robinson Aviation  RVA  Inc. , which staffs control towers in the FAA 's Southern and Southwest regions , said he is "  saddened " by the pending closures . Cozart said an FAA contracting official gave him notice that it intends to close 77 of his towers , jeopardizing the jobs of more than 400 of his employees . "  We 're not sure how the process worked to get to this point , so I really ca n't comment on that . We really do n't know . If they had cut 20 % , maybe that would be understandable . But it looks like they cut almost the entire program out , " Cozart said . "  We 're hopeful that somebody will come to a conclusion that changes this , " Cozart said . "  Personally , I 'm not hopeful that they 'll make it . " "  I 'm hopeful , " he said , correcting himself . "  But I 'm not confident . " Spending cuts : When they 'll really bite	Agency makes contingency plans over spending cuts Control towers at dozens of airports may be closed Most are small or medium , operated by contractors FAA informs its staff of possible furloughs
Washington  CNN  -- Wayne LaPierre is not a large man . He does not move with the easy assurance of a skilled fighter . His head sits low on his neck , and he seems to turn from the shoulders . His swept-back , graying hair and rimless glasses make him look like a Central Casting accountant who sleeps with a tie on . Yet , in Washington , LaPierre is a heavyweight of the first degree , a brawler who can make even brave politicians toss in the towel at the first sign of a scuffle . The longtime executive vice president and public face of the National Rifle Association faced some of his toughest critics on Capitol Hill Wednesday -- including California Sen. Dianne Feinstein , author of the updated bill hoping to again ban military-style assault rifles -- as he testified in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee at a hearing titled "  What Should America Do About Gun Violence ? " He argued that government should focus on enforcing existing gun laws rather than drafting new ones . "  Law-abiding gun owners will not accept blame for the acts of violent or deranged criminals , nor do we believe that government should dictate what we can lawfully own and use to protect our families , " he told lawmakers . NRA official to Congress : More gun laws not the answer The tough champion of the Second Amendment has been taking heat since the NRA came out strongly in favor of armed security in every public school in America , days after the deadly shooting in Newtown , Connecticut . But that 's what makes LaPierre so formidable : his unflinching willingness to say aloud what many foes consider outrageous . "  Why is the idea of a gun good when it is used to protect the president of our country or the police , but bad when it is used to protect our children in our schools ? " NRA draws heat over shooting game That was the head of the National Rifle Association speaking to a room packed with cameras and reporters a week after the Newtown school shooting . He was pushing the idea of armed guards in every school . Critics howled . A headline in New York proclaimed "  Gun Nut ! " while another called him the "  Craziest Man on Earth . " But LaPierre did not even blink , going on "  Meet the Press " to say , "  If it 's crazy to call for armed officers in our schools to protect our children , then call me crazy . " For many of his supporters , that had the ring of common sense , and that 's what makes Washington nervous . LaPierre has been the leader of the NRA for more than 20 years , turning it into a political juggernaut . The group boasts more than 4 million members capable of pouring money into political races at the drop of a hat . How the violent mentally ill can buy guns More importantly , NRA fans have proved that they can be relied on to show up at the polls and savage any candidate , Democratic or Republican , who strays from the doctrine of the Second Amendment , as they see it . And LaPierre is the man who commands that political wrath , frequently by unleashing a torrent of scathing accusations against those who would oppose him . A few examples : • In a 1995 fundraising letter , he referred to federal agents enforcing gun laws as "  jack booted thugs . " • After 1999 's Columbine High School massacre , he complained that gun owners in general , and NRA members in particular , were being unfairly portrayed as " ... somehow a reckless , societal , pathogen ; a mighty , extremist empire opposed to safety , caution and reason . That is a cruel and dangerous lie . " • In 2000 , he suggested that President Bill Clinton was allowing gun deaths to pile up to spur anti-gun sentiment among voters . • When Arizona Congresswoman Gabby Giffords was shot , LaPierre noted that the gunfire came close to a school , a designated "  gun free " zone , and again he ripped into gun opponents . "  That did n't make any difference . Their laws did n't work . Their lies do n't ring true . And if Tucson tells us anything at all , it tells us this : government failed . " NRA clear on gun debate stance : Arm schools Make no mistake : There is no indication that LaPierre is a loose cannon or someone who does not mind his words . To the contrary , they are chosen with the precision of a marksman . Even if his opponents hate to admit it , he follows an unswervingly clear course with his statements ; always attacking , never ceding even an inch , and relentlessly portraying those who would infringe on gun rights as radicals . And he wins . Year after year , for all the bluster around gun issues , the NRA has emerged victorious , galvanizing millions of Americans who feel that government too often overreaches and intrudes upon individual freedoms . Simply put , it is the language of motivation . And when it comes to guns , no one speaks it like Wayne LaPierre . NRA chief : Obama makes ` mockery ' of American freedoms	NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre has been a strong advocate for gun owners He 's also known as a brash , heavyweight brawler who rarely backs down from a fight He testified at a Senate hearing on gun violence Wednesday
The Hollywood Reporter  Ben Powers , who played Thelma 's  BernNadette Stanis  husband Keith Anderson on the final season of the classic CBS sitcom "  Good Times , " has died . He was 64 . Powers died April 6 in New Bedford , Mass. , his family announced . No cause of death was revealed . Powers joined the cast of "  Good Times " for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season , playing Keith , a professional football player . His character and Thelma wed in the third episode of that season , but he injures his leg while walking out of the church , straining their relationship . Powers also had a regular role as "  Moochie " on the CBS detective drama show , Mickey Spillane 's Mike Hammer , from 1984 to 1985 . Powers had a small part in "  Cheech & Chong 's Next Movie "  1980  . He was back with the comedy pair in "  Things Are Tough All Over "  1982  . He also appeared in "  The Man Who Loved Women "  1983  starring Burt Reynolds . He also guest-starred on shows such as "  Gim me a Break , " "  Flamingo Road , " "  The Greatest American Hero " and "  Laverne & Shirley . " Born in Brooklyn and raised in Providence , R.I. , by his grandparents , Alton "  Ben " Powers attended the Rhode Island School of Design for painting and sketching before focusing on acting . He performed stand-up comedy routines in Providence , incorporating impressions and songs into his act , where he was discovered by a Hollywood agent . Gigs at the Playboy clubs in Los Angeles , New York and Boston led to a job in 1977 on the revived version of "  Laugh-In . " Survivors include his mother and his sisters Yvonne and Maya . People we 've lost in 2015 © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Ben Powers joined the cast of "  Good Times " for its sixth and final season He played Thelma 's husband Keith Anderson
Washington  CNN  -- In Washington , most speeches by representatives of other countries are , well , diplomatic , carefully written to avoid controversy . A speech by Polish President Bronislaw Komorowski at the German Marshall Fund of the United States on Wednesday broke that mold . Speaking off-the-cuff for much of it , Komorowski gave a frank and , at times , sarcastic evaluation of U.S.-Polish relations . Citing Wikileaks disclosures of State Department cables , which some Polish officials believe show the United States put relations with Russia ahead of Poland 's security interests , Komorowski said : "  Like in marriage -- from time to time its worth taking your wife for a date . " Translation : The United States should not take Poland for granted . "  It 's like a mantra that 's mumbled , some slogans are specifically repeated , and quite often there is no practice behind them , " the Polish President said . "  Today I spoke with President Obama about it . Perhaps I used slightly different words but I want to repeat the same : I simply believe that very much has gone the wrong way in Polish-American relations . And this can be testified to by leaks from different American cables . " Komorowski also complained about the requirement that he submit visa form to visit the United States . Referring to 18th century Polish heroes of the American Revolutionary War , he said : "  Pulaski and Kosciusko today would also have to fill in the visa forms if they wanted to come to the United States . " Komorowski said , when he filled in his U.S. visa form , he was asked "  whether I am involved in prostitution or if perhaps I was involved in genocide or whether I was a terrorist . " "  Well , I do n't take it as an insult , " the Polish president added . "  I 'm not a prostitute . But I have to tell you when I had to answer the question whether I was a terrorist my hand shook a little . Because I do not want to lie . I do not want to lie to the United States . "  But I had some doubt . At the time of the Communist regime I was considered to be a terrorist . It was the language of some of the charges formulated by the prosecutor in the Communist state . So I did not know : Should I write the truth or lie in that form ? So my suggestion is to skip that form . ... It 's not understandable for us . It 's nonsense . It spoils a lot in Polish-American relations . "	Polish president complains of having to submit visa form to enter the United States Cables indicate the United States may have taken Poland for granted Komorowski : "  Very much has gone the wrong way in Polish-American relations "
London  CNN  -- With all the tributes to Steve Jobs , one thing tends to get forgotten : the man helped us write . Jobs was the first to give us a real choice of fonts , and thus the ability to express ourselves digitally with emotion , clarity and variety . He made Type Gods of us all . Steve Jobs did n't invent typefaces , of course ; I think Johannes Gutenberg may have had a stronger claim to that in Germany when he used his first carved letters in the 1440s . But Jobs realized their value like no one else engaged in personal computers in the early 1980s , and suddenly we were no longer dependent on professional printers , graphic designers and those long dark nights of the soul with rub-down letters . And who did Jobs himself thank for this advance ? He credited the people who made the cost of his academic life so expensive at Reed College in Portland , Oregon . He said he dropped out to save his parents spending their entire life savings . And if he had n't dropped out , he may not have discovered calligraphy . "  Throughout the campus , " he remembered at an address to students at Stanford in 2005 , ' "  every poster , every label on every drawer , was beautifully hand calligraphied . " So , having dropped out and finding himself a free agent , he decided to take a class in this art . "  I learned about serif and sans serif typefaces , about varying the amount of space between different letter combinations , about what makes great typography great . It was beautiful , historical , artistically subtle in a way that science ca n't capture , and I found it fascinating . " At the time , the student dropout believed that little he had learned would find a practical application in his life . But things changed . Ten years after college Jobs designed his first Mac , and it came with something unprecedented -- a wide choice of fonts . Originally he hoped to do this on the cheap , and by enlisting the designer Susan Kare he created new bitmap designs that were available in a range of styles and sizes . The original thought was to name them after stops on a local Philadelphia train route close to where Kare had grown up , but Jobs then plumped for the more accessible notion of cities he loved : London , Chicago , Geneva , Toronto , Venice , Los Angeles , and San Francisco . These names had the added advantage of reflecting the typographical character of the cities in question , so London had an old-fashioned serif "  blackletter " feel that Dickens might have favored , Venice had an artisanal script feel , and Geneva had a cleaner Swiss sans-serif look . For some reason yet to be fully justified , the San Francisco font appeared to be made up of odd letters torn from a newspaper , a digital ransom note . Soon there would be more familiar names added to the mix , including Times New Roman and Helvetica . So this was the beginning of something -- a seismic shift in our everyday relationship with letters and with type . An innovation that , within a decade or so , would place the word "  font " -- previously a piece of technical language limited to the design and printing trade -- in the vocabulary of every computer user . You ca n't easily find most of Jobs 's original typefaces these days , which may be just as well : they are coarsely pixilated and cumbersome to manipulate  significantly , the typeface that Apple used in its early promotional advertisements -- remember ` Think Different ' ? -- were in a modern version of good old Garamond , a French style from the 16th century .  But the ability to change fonts on our computers seemed like technology from another planet . Before the Macintosh of 1984 , most primitive word processors offered up one dull face , often on a green screen , and good luck trying to italicize it . Now there was a choice of alphabets that did their best to recreate something we were used to from the real world . IBM and Microsoft would soon do their best to copy Apple 's lead , while domestic printers  a novel concept at the time  began to be marketed not only on speed but for the variety of their fonts . And here 's the thing . Just as we celebrate the new iPhone or the new Kindle , let 's observe how primitive is our choice of fonts on these machines , and how far they have to go to catch up with the past . The Notes app on the phone has three choices , and one of them is ' "  Marker Felt " ; the Kindle has a few more , but the choice is still in single figures . Could it be that the one thing that Jobs recognized almost 30 years ago -- the absolute pleasure of the shape of letters -- is being forgotten in a race for miniaturization , speed and the relentless pursuit of gadgetry newness ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Garfield .	Simon Garfield : New iPhone was introduced without Steve Jobs He says one of Jobs ' great accomplishments was popularization of typefaces Suddenly consumers could express themselves through choice of fonts , he says Garfield : Jobs has been an enduring tech inspiration
CNN  -- Masonia Traylor does n't look sick . The 25-year-old mother of two is poised . Sitting in a boardroom at AID Atlanta , an HIV outreach facility in Atlanta where she volunteers , she exudes confidence . But Traylor is HIV positive . According to the CDC , 50,000 Americans are infected with HIV each year , and 25 % of those are between the ages of 13 and 24 . Sixty percent of youth with HIV do n't know they have it , despite recommendations from the CDC , the American Academy of Pediatrics and the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force . A faceless disease Traylor got her first HIV test as a teenager when someone living with the disease gave a presentation at her high school . She was about 16 and already a teen mother at the time . She knew she had been having unprotected sex and wanted to stay healthy for her young son . At the time , Traylor was in what she believed was a monogamous relationship . During her annual doctor 's visit , she was disturbed to realize she had to ask specifically for an HIV test on top of a standard STD panel . She insisted on taking the test even though her doctor told her -- as a heterosexual woman involved in a monogamous relationship -- that she was low risk . Later Traylor broke up with her boyfriend and began a new committed relationship . That was the year her life changed . Despite vigilance in testing , Traylor was n't prepared for what she found out at her doctor 's visit that year : She was HIV positive . Two weeks later she learned she was pregnant with her second child . "  It was very difficult -- a lot of screaming in my head , a lot of tears -- as if I was going to a funeral every day , " she said . The father of Traylor 's baby tested negative for HIV and she was able to give birth to a healthy daughter . Traylor believes she contracted the disease from an ex-boyfriend who has not been tested . Over the past two years , Traylor has come to a place of acceptance , and she takes personal responsibility for taking a chance with her health by having unprotected sex . But in hindsight , she realizes that even though she knew about HIV , she did n't fully understand her risk of contracting it . "  At home we did n't talk about HIV because it just did n't exist in my world , " she said . "  I was aware it was out there , but I did n't know what it looked like . " HIV does n't have a face , and someone who is infected does n't necessarily exhibit any physical signs . "  You think that you would see signs that a person is sick , " she said , but since that is n't always the case , teens and young adults can feel a false sense of security . They may think , regarding their partner , "  we talk all the time , I trust them , so I do n't need to go get tested , " she said . Traylor was n't always open with her status , but now she dedicates much of her time and energy to raising HIV awareness because she considers the often imperceptible nature of the disease a factor in its continued transmission . Love , sex and stigma Jon Diggs , a prevention specialist and counselor for The Evolution Project , an Atlanta-based center that offers HIV and STD prevention , treatment , and counseling , calls teens ' underestimation of risk part of the "  invisible syndrome . " Diggs works primarily with black gay , bisexual and transgendered men , a community that is disproportionately affected by HIV and AIDS . In 2010 , the CDC estimated that 72 % of new HIV infections in young people were transmitted through same-sex , male sexual activity . Fifty-seven percent of estimated new infections in this age group were in African-Americans . Michael Kaplan , president and CEO of AIDS United , which supports more than 400 grassroots organizations annually , said that as a young gay man he found it difficult to talk to his doctor about HIV testing . Despite seeing a doctor regularly for diabetes , Kaplan , now 44 , said his doctor never offered him an HIV test and made assumptions about his sexual orientation . "  I would say , ' I do n't date girls , ' and hoped he might simply have a clue , but  he  never seemed to allow for the fact I could be gay , " Kaplan said . He said doctors need to create "  an open and accepting environment that talks about sexuality as human nature . " "  The reality is , today , the majority of HIV infections are among men who have sex with men , " Kaplan said . "  Without a doubt , we need broader screening efforts , but I think overall we need broader talk about sexuality in the United States . " If doctors are n't asking about sexuality and sexual activity , he said , then they miss the opportunity to recommend routine testing to young gay men . The reasons that members of this community do n't get tested vary , but there are common threads that touch youth across all demographics , especially questions about what love and sex means after a positive HIV diagnosis . "  What is sex going to look like ? ... What is life going to look like ? Am I going to die ? " These are some of the questions Diggs hears often from those he counsels . The fear of stigma and isolation is great enough that it "  will stop people from wanting to know their status , " he said , "  but it wo n't stop the sexual behavior that 's happening . " For gay , bisexual and transgendered youth , he said , the fear of isolation can be intensified for those with strong religious backgrounds . They may feel their faith or community will abandon them because of their sexual identity . Diggs said he has seen this lead to risky behavior , and he urges parents to be involved early in an open dialogue about safe sex . This includes recognizing that a message of abstinence does n't always work with teens and young adults , he said , and recognizing that the conversation should be focused on sexual health , not just avoiding pregnancy . For a gay teen , he said , preventing pregnancy does n't translate to safer sex . Diggs suggests moving sex and sexual health out of the shadows by making testing a regular family event and using that time as an opportunity to talk about the family 's belief system around partnering , sex and marriage . But being open about one 's sexual health is n't always an easy thing -- a lesson Traylor has learned when she broaches the topic of dating . "  When I get to the point and I ask someone , ` Would you date someone that 's HIV positive ? ' A lot of people ca n't answer that question . " Learning when to disclose her status has become part of the learning curve for Traylor . She said being upfront earlier about her status has made things better . People respect her honesty and it makes the conversation easier to have . Other obstacles For a teen , finding and getting to a testing facility can be a challenge all its own . Ainka Gonzalez , prevention programs manager at AID Atlanta , said she has seen teens struggle to get tested simply because they ca n't get transportation to a testing facility . For a high school student , teens must find a location that operates outside of school hours if they do n't want to involve their parents . And , if a teen tests positive for HIV , their parents may need to get involved anyway . "  Laws differ around the country , but usually if you do test positive for HIV and you 're underaged , a parent would have to consent for treatment , " Gonzalez said . "  If a young person may be having other challenges at home , this of course will amplify it . " Kaplan thinks easier access to testing is crucial . "  If kids got to a place where they were routinely offered screening ... they would n't struggle with ` Where can I get tested ? Who do I talk to about it ? ' And a lot of the stigma would be eradicated , " he said . The next hurdle is paying for treatment . Teens who are too young to have their own health insurance and young adults up to age 25 who are on a parent 's health insurance plan will likely need family support to pay for medication . Without insurance , they often need to contact the department of health -- an option Traylor , whose medication runs $ 3,000 a month , finds "  terrifying . " "  At one point , I was so afraid that I was n't going to get health insurance anymore that I stopped taking my medicine , " she said , and hoarded medication because she expected a month-long wait for a doctor 's appointment through the department of health . To find HIV testing facilities in your area , go to HIVtest.cdc.gov . The next generation Traylor feels her HIV education in high school did n't offer crucial information about testing facilities and local rates of infection -- information you can find on CDC.gov . "  In school we learn  ed  that HIV can lead to AIDS and AIDS can lead to death . ... It 's a fear and that 's it . " Today , Traylor is raising two healthy children with the help of her mother , and is educating them early about HIV . The education starts at home , but it is n't always easy . Traylor helped her 9-year-old son with a project on the stigma of HIV , but admitted she was nervous to talk to him about sex . "  I said , ` If mommy had HIV , what would you do ? ' He said he would n't touch me , he would n't kiss me ,  or  hug me anymore . " It opened the door for Traylor to talk to her son about how HIV is transmitted . Though she did n't tell him her status , she explained to him that HIV and AIDS ca n't be spread though common contact , like hugs and kisses . "  Then  he  said , "  OK , Mom , I 'll hug you . And I 'll kiss you . I 'll still love you the same . "	A quarter of those infected with HIV are between the ages of 13 and 24 More than half of youths with HIV do n't know they have it Reasons youths do n't get tested can vary widely A message of abstinence may not work for all teens and young adults
CNN  -- When a Vatican cardinal presented a message from Pope Francis to the World Economic Forum , it might have been the first time a papal message actually has been read out in Davos , but it certainly was n't the first time a Pope has spoken out on economic justice . Read more -- Pope to Davos elite ` Do more for poor ' Beginning in the late 19th century , almost a dozen Popes have issued a long series of documents devoted to defense of the poor which are known as "  Catholic social teaching . " All that moral leadership , however , has not produced a notably more just world . A recent estimate by Oxfam , a UK-based charitable group , claims that 85 people on earth control as much wealth as the bottom half of the world 's population , despite 120 years of papal exhortations . Is there any reason to believe that Francis could make a difference where so many of his predecessors have n't ? The surprising answer is yes , just maybe . To begin , the first Pope from the developing world brings a degree of credibility on matters of economic justice that other world leaders lack . That 's not merely because of his origins , but because of his lifestyle choices in favor of simplicity and humility . This is the Pope , after all , who famously spurned a papal limo to take the bus after his election with the other cardinals , who wears the same brown shoes he sported in Argentina , and who rejected the papal apartment in favor of a modest room in a Vatican residence for clergy . His aversion to ostentation is already the stuff of legend , so when Francis talks of a "  poor church for the poor , " people take him seriously . Francis also has amassed massive deposits of political capital over his first 10 months in office , with approval ratings around the world that politicians and celebrities have to view with unalloyed envy . That 's why , for instance , political leaders these days are beating a path to the Pope 's door . Francis recently welcomed Russian President Vladimir Putin , he 'll meet French President Francois Hollande on Friday , and the White House announced today that U.S. President Barack Obama will make a pilgrimage to the Vatican to meet Francis on March 27 . What 's the subject for the Obama/Francis summit ? According to a White House statement , it 's "  their shared commitment to fighting poverty and growing inequality . " In many ways Francis has become the new Nelson Mandela , meaning the world 's leading source of moral authority . The difference in the Pope 's case is that he combines personal charisma with the institutional authority of leading the world 's largest Christian church , with more than 1.2 billion followers in every corner of the planet . Catholicism is also the only world religion with its own diplomatic corps , as the Vatican is a sovereign state with bilateral relations with 180 nations . That gives the church a unique platform to act as a voice of conscience in global affairs . In other words , Francis has some serious cards to lay on the table in the high-stakes poker game of global economic reform . It 's easy to say that no one person -- even a Pope who 's also one of the most popular figures on the planet -- can bring down entrenched systems of power . Of course , that 's what people said about Communism too , before Pope John Paul II set the dominoes in motion in Poland that led to the collapse of the Communist system in 1989 . Whether Francis will have the same luck defending the poor remains to be seen , but it 's certainly not obvious that the smart money is against him . Read more : Egypt 's dream in the wrong hands Read more : What 's best cure for Europe 's ills ? Read more : Which emerging markets will win in 2014 Read more : Why we need a ` leg-up ' state Read more : Davos and its dictionary diplomacy Read more : The world 's most exclusive gathering Read more : What 's your economic mood ? Read more : How much does it cost to go ? The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John L. Allen Jr. .	Pope Francis sent a message to those gathered in Davos , read out by a Cardinal John L. Allen Jr. says it follows a long line of "  Catholic social teaching " documents But Allen says it is possible that Francis can make a difference where others have failed The Pope has personal charisma and the authority of leading 1.2 billion people , he says
CNN  -- Colin Ferguson and the Syfy channel have built a loyal following for the show "  Eureka , " now in its fourth season . The series ' titular , top-secret town is filled with uber-geniuses and one wily sheriff , which turns out to be a great mix for science fiction . Ferguson is in Atlanta , Georgia , to promote "  Eureka " at Dragon * Con , and stopped by CNN studios to answer a few of our fan-centric questions . CNN : Sheriff Carter  your character on "  Eureka "  is a very ingenious guy in a town populated by geniuses . What does Carter have that allows him to be able to figure out solutions that the others might not think of ? Colin Ferguson : I think they do n't see the forest for the trees and he 's not compromised by not being able to see the forest , so he just sees trees . CNN : Living in Eureka ? Ferguson : Yes , absolutely , well being in CNN right now , I 'm jonesing to live at the epicenter of something . CNN : Do you think companies like Global Dynamics really exist ? Ferguson : Yes -- a friend of mine wrote a book about one . CNN : Why does Sheriff Carter 's car always get destroyed and why does n't he have a cool Subaru like Deputy Lupo and Fargo ? Ferguson : Tell me about it . They discovered first season that they like hurting me , so whether it 's a set of stairs I have to fall down or driving into a post , anything that has to do with me has to be destroyed . The Subaru ad placement people are on set and we were doing this big stunt and they dropped the tree at the wrong time and the tree slammed the Subaru , and the ad people said , "  That was n't supposed to happen , was it ? " CNN : How do you feel about the rivalry between yourself and Dr. Grant for the affections of Allison ? Ferguson : I was concerned that it was gon na be a really forced triangle , but they managed to make it an adult exchange where we could put it on the table and discuss it and I like it . CNN : You 've also done some directing and camera work . Which do you prefer ? Ferguson : Being the lead of the show is more difficult , it 's harder on my body , it 's more strenuous , it 's harder on my mind but it 's rewarding in a day to day manner , but what I love about being the director is you get to protect the story for longer , so you can take all these talents you know , all the people you work with and you get to make sure they get to do all they can do . I love them both . Directing is -- it 's easier to act in something that you have questions about than it is to direct something . Directing is so much work for such a long period of time . CNN : We took a look at your IMDb.com page . Canada has a "  Duck , duck , goose " competition and you 're the reigning champion ? Ferguson : That 's a lie that somebody put on the IMDb website . CNN : You are a founding member of Detroit , Michigan 's Second City improv comedy club . Do you still get the chance to do improv or does the show and movies take up your time now ? Ferguson : I improvise on a regular basis on the show , so I get to do it in that format . As for stage stuff , I 'm rusty compared to what I used to be , so I do n't do it all that often , although Second City celebrated its 50th anniversary in December and I went back for that .	Subarus do n't always have the best luck on the set of "  Eureka " Colin Ferguson is a founder of Detroit 's Second City and improvs regularly on "  Eureka " Ferguson claims he is not the reigning Canadian "  Duck , duck , goose " champion
CNN  -- As floodwater raged around their pickup , the family of a 6-year-old Arizona boy escaped to higher ground . The boy , however , was swept away . Teams were looking for his body on Friday , the Yavapai County Sheriff 's Office said . Meanwhile , an evacuation order for some Los Angeles , California , residents was lifted , and the mayor said those people can safely return home Authorities were classifying the Arizona operation as a recovery , presuming that a child could not survive in the raging water , the office said in a news release . The boy 's name was not released . Rain has hindered attempts to find the boy after the incident Thursday night , authorities said . "  This effort continued through the night without success . Because of low visibility , along with the wind and rain , DPS  Department of Public Safety  Ranger helicopter was unable to fly over the area , " the sheriff 's office said . Are you affected by the storms ? Send your images and video The family 's pickup got stuck near the northern community of Mayer , between Flagstaff and Phoenix in central Arizona . On Friday , the vehicle sat alone in a vast sea of mud , which reached nearly to the bottom of the windows and partially filled the area under the crumpled hood . The vehicle was tilted forward , as if diving into the muddy soup . According to a preliminary report , the boy was in the pickup with his 8-year-old sister and parents , who were trying to take him to a hospital when floodwater swept the pickup off the road . The mother was able to reach higher ground , and the father took the children to the bed of the vehicle for safety . By the time firefighters reached the scene , rising water had pushed the three from the bed . The father was able to reach a safe area with his daughter but the son was missing . California iReporters deal with the rain but have fun too The flooding was the result of heavy rainstorms that started pounding parts of neighboring California on Monday and continued through the week . Upper elevations got heavy snow . Conditions in the area were not likely to improve until Saturday afternoon , the National Weather Service said . Forecasters predicted continued flooding of many rivers and streams and up to an additional foot of snow in the mountains . In Los Angeles , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said Friday that the 2,000 city residents who were evacuated because of the storms could return . The permission came after teams of geologists and structural experts determined that areas threatened by mudslides were safe enough , he said at a news conference . See KABC 's coverage of the storms Last year 's wildfires burned trees and vegetation that normally hold soil in place and prevent hillsides from collapsing . Hundreds of residents also had been evacuated in Los Angeles County , and many of these were cleared to return home , according to the Coordinated Agency Recovery Effort 's Web site . The storms stem from El Nino , a warm ocean current from the South Pacific , meteorologists said . CNN 's Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Family in Arizona escapes to higher ground in flood , but 6-year-old boy did n't make it Authorities classifying the Arizona operation as a recovery In Los Angeles , 2,000 residents who were evacuated can return home
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- Mourners will gather Friday to say goodbye to a Ugandan gay rights activist who was beaten to death with a hammer in his home near the capital . Weeping family and friends gathered at the scene as questions lingered over whether David Kato was a victim of homophobia . Late last year , his name and photo were printed on the cover of a tabloid newspaper that called for gays to be executed . The story , which included a banner that said "  Hang Them , " reignited anti-gay sentiments and sparked an outcry from gay rights groups worldwide . Police said initial investigations are focusing on robbery in his rough Mukono neighborhood . Kato 's money and some clothes were missing after the attack , authorities said . But some human rights activists said his death was tied to his campaign . "  I 'm very angry ... because everybody who knew David knew he was dynamic . He did not have any trouble . He was just a an activist , " said Julius Kaggwa , a human rights advocate in the east African nation . "  This to me is a hate crime . Really , to put it bluntly , it is a hate crime . " Arrest warrants have been issued for two suspects , authorities said . Kato told CNN last year that he feared for his life after the list was released . His lawyer said authorities in his neighborhood near Kampala were aware of his concerns . "  The villagers want to set my house ablaze , " he said at the time . "  They want to burn my house . ...  They say ,  ` Can you go away before my house is burned ? ' " Activists urged authorities in the east African nation to investigate the killing . They called on the government to protect homosexuals from violence , and act on threats and hostility toward them . "  David Kato 's death is a tragic loss to the human rights community . David had faced the increased threats to Ugandan lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people bravely and will be sorely missed , " said Maria Burnett , senior Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch . U.S. President Barack Obama said he was saddened by the death of Kato , whom he called a "  powerful advocate for fairness and freedom . " He urged the nation 's authorities to investigate and hold those responsible accountable . Earlier this year , Kato and two activists won a case against the magazine that published the list . The court ruled that media in Uganda are barred from releasing details of known or potential homosexuals in the country . The editor of the Rolling Stone , the tabloid that published the list , denounced the attacks and said he sympathized with the victim 's family . "  When we called for hanging of gay people , we meant ... after they have gone through the legal process , " said Giles Muhame . "  I did not call for them to be killed in cold blood like he was . " The Rolling Stone tabloid is not affiliated with the U.S. music magazine by the same name . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . Ugandan lawmakers shelved a controversial "  anti-gay " proposal introduced in 2009 that would impose stiff penalties against homosexuality -- including life imprisonment and the death penalty . CNN 's Tom Walsh , Faith Karimi and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Weeping family and friends gathered at the scene as questions lingered David Kato 's name was published on a list of the nation 's "  top homosexuals " last year The Ugandan tabloid story reignited anti-gay sentiments It was unclear whether his killing was tied to the front-page story
Ken Weatherwax , who played Pugsley on the 1960s TV show "  The Addams Family , " died Sunday , according to the Ventura County Coroner 's Office . He was 59 . According to the coroner 's office , he died of natural causes . His niece , Shanyn Vieira , posted on Facebook that he had a heart attack . Pugsley was the older of the two Addams children on the cheekily macabre comedy , based on Charles Addams ' darkly humored New Yorker cartoons . His father , Gomez , was played by John Astin , and mother Morticia was played by Carolyn Jones . Sister Wednesday  Lisa Loring  , Uncle Fester  Jackie Coogan  , butler Lurch  Ted Cassidy  , Grandmama  Blossom Rock  and the disembodied hand Thing rounded out the cast . The series ran from 1964 to 1966 . Weatherwax , who was about 9 when the show started , played the part for all 64 episodes . The show  and its catchy , finger-snapping theme song  were popular enough in reruns to spawn two movies in the 1990s and a 2009 Broadway musical . After the show left the air , Weatherwax -- who struggled to find other acting roles -- entered the Army . He later provided the voice of Pugsley on an animated "  Addams Family " and worked as a grip and set builder in Hollywood , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Weatherwax was related to other showbiz figures , including actress Ruby Keeler and Lassie trainer Rudd Weatherwax . People we 've lost in 2014	Ken Weatherwax was part of TV 's "  Addams Family " cast Weatherwax , who played Pugsley , also voiced him in animated series He worked as a set builder and grip in Hollywood in recent years
CNN  -- It 's fitting that Warren Buffett would be making political headlines the same month that reviews started tumbling in for the new book "  Leak : Why Mark Felt Became Deep Throat " . Both Buffett and Felt are cautionary examples of what happens when journalists drop their skepticism to embrace a source who says what they want to hear . The Deep Throat of "  All the President 's Men " lore , revered by two generations of young reporters , was a shadowy but selfless G-man with intimate knowledge of the administration , who reluctantly but decisively chose to reveal corruption going all the way to the top of the Nixon White House , out of a sense of decency and patriotism . What Max Holland reminds us in his new book is that Felt , who was outed as Deep Throat in 2005 not long before his death , was motivated by the much baser impulse of wanting to get the FBI director fired so that he could take his place . In the process , Felt allegedly spread misinformation to Watergate reporters and committed his own indecent and illegal abuses of power , including overseeing the burglarizing of various anti-war groups . You 'd think that Washington journalists would n't need reminding that sources have their own tawdry motivations for using the press , but when the subject is as important as the criminal venality of Richard Nixon -- or better yet the irreplaceable role of the fourth estate in safeguarding democracy -- then there is a disincentive to treat corroborators with the skepticism they deserve . It detracts from the story journalists want to tell . Which brings us to Warren Buffett . The Oracle of Omaha , as he was reliably referred to when his pronouncements were mostly limited to the financial pages , has become the general-interest media 's  and President Barack Obama 's  go-to billionaire for quotes , policy ideas , and other bon mots . Why ? Because he 's a rich dude who -- like his new fans -- wants his fellow rich dudes to pay more taxes . Buffett has been making his crowd-pleasing calls to tax the rich for more than a decade now , but it was his 2006 announcement that he would give away most of his massive wealth -- or "  claim checks on the activities of others in the future , " as he put it -- that triggered a journalistic standing ovation that shows no sign of abating . During the financial crisis in September 2008 and the ensuing wave of bipartisan bailouts , Buffett was routinely treated as an almost impartial voice of wisdom and calm , advocating the Troubled Assets Relief Program  TARP  , the stimulus , a mortgage-restructuring plan , and increased spending on high speed rail . Left out of most press accounts : He profited enormously from every one of these programs . As Peter Schweizer put it in a recent excerpt from his new book , "  Throw Them All Out , " Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , beginning that fall , began buying up large chunks of Goldman Sachs and General Electric on extraordinarily favorable terms , in addition to its growing stakes in Wells Fargo , Bank of America , American Express , M&T Bank , and the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway . "  All told , " Schweizer wrote , "  TARP-assisted companies constituted a whopping 30 % of Buffett 's publicly disclosed stock portfolio . " As of July 2009 , Buffett 's investment in Goldman Sachs alone had already netted him $ 2.5 billion . Buffett has objected to Schweizer 's critique , pointing out in an interview with the Omaha World Herald that TARP was passed after his investment in Goldman Sachs and under the Bush administration which he said he did n't support : "  Anyone , he said , could have invested in banks or other stock based on statements by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke that the Fed would ` do whatever it takes ' to help the ailing financial system . " Earlier this month , an Obama administration foreclosure settlement increased the potential value of Buffett 's Bank of America holdings by $ 154 million in a single day . The man who has become the left 's favorite billionaire in the service of bashing plutocrats could be perceived as the single most successful crony capitalist in the country . This does not mean , as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said earlier this week , that Buffett "  should just write a check and shut up . " It 's a free country , and Buffett 's recommendations should ultimately be weighed on their own merits . But on that score , it 's worth noting that Buffett has profited one hell of a lot more than the country that was supposed to benefit from all these Buffett-approved bailouts and stimuli . He gets billions ; we get a big coulda-been-worse ! Meanwhile , even the sitting treasury secretary acknowledges that the country 's fiscal trajectory is "  unsustainable , " with no solution in sight to the bailout-exacerbated problems of debt and entitlement-commitments . I 'm not one who thinks that Warren Buffett needs to write a $ 10 billion check to the government in order to prove his policy sincerity . But it is worth noting that his big 2006 media breakthrough came not by pledging his fortune to the U.S. Treasury , but to private charity . It 's clear which vehicle he finds the most effective use of his personal money . Which suggests an ultimate test for raising the federal tax burden in a way pleasing to Warren Buffett , Barack Obama , and most of the fourth estate : Are we currently getting our $ 3.8 trillion worth of services ? Has the rapidly increasing price tag of government -- from $ 1.9 trillion in Bill Clinton 's last proposed budget -- come with a commensurate increase in quality ? If not , then we need to be cutting and improving government , not having it swallow up more of the private sector . If so , then that 's an argument the media should be having , instead of just uncritically high-fiving a billionaire with massive vested interests . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Welch .	NJ Gov. Christie says Buffett "  should just write a check and shut up " about tax rates Matt Welch says the media tends to view Buffett as a selfless sage on policy matters He says the billionaire has a vested interest in many of the actions government takes
Donald Trump is tweeting that "  We should not be importing  Ebola  to our homeland . " An Indiana congressman is worried that refugee children from Central America could pose a public health risk with "  Ebola circulating . " And the Twitter-sphere is filled with people asking "  how can we bring these patients to America , " complaining that "  We do n't have enough problems in America ! Let 's import Ebola patients ! " and speculating that treating them here is "  highly irresponsible . " But the actual possibility of catching Ebola is incredibly remote . It 's a terrifying disease for sure . It typically kills 90 % of the people who get it , and this most recent outbreak is the largest in history . But you do n't need to panic , experts say , and you definitely do n't have to worry about the two American Ebola patients who are being treated in Atlanta . Here are five reasons why : 1 . It 's fragile . Ebola is an incredibly fragile virus . It does not fly through the air with the greatest of ease . It can not be transmitted through a cough or sneeze . It does n't move easily from human to human like the common cold . Ebola is aggressively infectious , so people who are infected are highly likely to get sick . But it 's not highly contagious . "  The Ebola virus spreads through direct contact with the blood , secretions or other body fluids of ill people and indirect contact -- for example , with needles and other things that may be contaminated with these fluids , " said Stephan Monroe , deputy director of the Centers for Disease Control 's National Center for Emerging Zoonotic and Infectious Diseases . That 's why health care providers who work in countries without proper protective gear can get it . That 's also why people preparing bodies for burial have gotten it . 2 . We know how it works . Although there is no vaccine and no cure , the one real advantage we have with Ebola is that doctors know how to control it . Ebola is n't "  some mystical pathogen  with  some bizarre mode of transmission , " said Bruce Ribner , who oversees the special isolation unit that is treating the patients at Emory University Hospital . Common-sense hygiene can stop its spread . "  Ebola is a virus that can be stopped and not spread in hospitals . The stakes are higher , but it 's easily inactivated with typical hospital disinfectants , " said Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden . What to know about Ebola 3 . We have the resources to contain it . The two American patients with Ebola were flown to the United States in a plane outfitted with an isolation pod . They are being kept in isolation at the Emory hospital with a specialized containment ward , one of four in the country . In the containment ward , the vents are specialized . There 's an intercom and plate glass that separates patients from visitors so they do n't come into direct contact . There 's a strict protocol on everyone and everything that goes into and out of the patient 's room . Health care workers wear protective suits . But any major medical center could really take care of an Ebola patient , said William Schaffner , an expert on infectious diseases at Vanderbilt University 's School of Medicine . Most ICUs have isolation rooms that are used for patients suspected to have tuberculosis , SARS , Middle East respiratory syndrome or another infectious disease . Schaffner said that not much would be different for an Ebola patient , though more stringent precautions might be taken to ensure that health care workers are following all protocols . 4 . Our medical staff is ready . "  We have been training for this , " Ribner said of preparations for the two American Ebola patients . These doctors know how to handle Ebola and will use an abundance of caution when working with an infected person . Medical workers across the country have also been told to watch out for Ebola symptoms and question patients who have recently traveled to West Africa . They are trained to recognize Ebola cases and can quarantine them early , keeping others from coming into contact with an infected person 's bodily fluids while the disease runs its course . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug 5 . Airports are on alert . At African airports in the Ebola-affected region , passengers are being closely screened . Health experts are watching for people with high fevers . Those who have a temperature are removed and monitored while doctors test their blood for Ebola . When passengers arrive at the airport , they are required to wash their hands in a chlorinated solution . Customs agents and passport inspectors are also wearing surgical gloves when interacting with passengers . "  There is always the possibility that someone with an infectious disease can enter the United States , " CDC spokeswoman Barbara Reynolds said Monday . "  The public health concern is whether it would spread and , if so , how quickly . ' " What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? At U.S. airports , trained federal agents also watch for sick passengers . Border patrol is asking about potential exposure . If someone is sick , agents can remove them and keep them in the special isolation units kept at many U.S. airports until the CDC arrives to ask further questions . Overall , health experts say , the threat to Americans remains relatively small . In the past decade , five people have entered the U.S. known to have a viral hemorrhagic fever , including a case in March of a Minnesota man diagnosed with Lassa fever after traveling to West Africa . No one else contracted the disease .	Ebola is aggressively infectious ; it is not highly contagious Doctors know how it spreads and can keep contamination down Doctors have trained for years on how to handle these patients In past decade , five people known to have viral hemorrhagic fever have entered U.S.
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuain scored the goals that gave Real Madrid a 2-0 win at Racing Santander on Sunday -- a result that sees Manuel Pelegrini 's side return to the top of the Spanish Primera Liga . Real 's 12 consecutive league victory ensured that Real will face title rivals Barcelona in next weekend 's crunch league match in pole position on goal difference . Barcelona 's 4-1 victory at home to Athletic Bilbao on Saturday ensured that Real needed another win to regain top spot and they took the lead in the 24th minute . Ronaldo teased a foul out of Jose Moraton in the penalty area and from the resulting spot-kick , the Portuguese international fired home his 18th league goal of the season . Despite dominating the match , Madrid had to wait until the 76th minute for their second goal , Higuain sliding the ball home from Guti 's pass for his 24th goal of the season , two behind Lionel Messi at the top of the scoring charts . Meanwhile , Spanish international striker David Villa took his season 's goal tally to 20 with two late goals as Valencia defeated Osasuna 3-0 , to take a firm grip on third position . Joaquin opened the scoring in the 47th minute before Villa netted his first with a minute to go -- and then doubled his tally with an injury-time penalty .	Real Madrid defeat Racing Santander 2-0 to return to the top of Spanish table Cristiano Ronaldo and Gonzalo Higuain score the goals that lift Real above Barcelona Valencia consolidate third place in the table with a comfortable 3-0 win over Osasuna .
CNN  -- Sen. Rand Paul returns to New Hampshire next week , making his third visit to the first-in-the-nation primary state as he prepares for a possible presidential run in 2016 . The Kentucky Republican will appear at a Manchester event on September 11 that 's hosted by Generation Opportunity , a libertarian-minded advocacy group for millennials . Billed as the "  First in the Nation Freedom Event , " the event takes place at the World Sports Grill . The next morning Paul plans to attend a New Hampshire GOP breakfast with Sen. Kelly Ayotte , a fellow first-term senator . Paul was last in New Hampshire in April , in part to speak at a summit hosted by Americans for Prosperity , which is backed by the Koch brothers . He previously went there in May 2013 for an event with Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus . The senator 's upcoming trip was first reported by Politico . Opinion : Rand Paul , the flip-flop king	Rand Paul makes his third visit to New Hampshire since last year He 'll appear at an event hosted by a libertarian-minded group for millennials Paul also plans to attend a state GOP breakfast New Hampshire holds the nation 's first presidential primary
CNN  -- There is a general consensus that women 's tennis needs a new name to ignite some excitement into it and , at this week 's Wimbledon , it does appear likely that the Williams sisters will once again be the ones to beat at the grass-court grand slam . The Williams sisters have dominated Wimbledon this century and contested last year 's final . Defending champion Venus  five wins  and younger sibling Serena  two wins  have dominated the tournament since 2000 , with only Maria Sharapova  2004  and Amelie Mauresmo  2006  breaking that monopoly . In fact , the Williams domination has been so great this century that the 2006 final -- when Mauresmo beat Justine Henin -- is the only final when one of the American duo has not been involved . Both Sharapova and Mauresmo are back this year , although their participation had seemed in doubt in the early part of 2009 . Sharapova certainly has the powerful game to claim another Wimbledon title , but a persistent shoulder injury has plagued her all year and she comes into the competition poorly prepared . At nearly 30 , Mauresmo is now a veteran of the WTA Tour . She had looked a spent force last year , but has enjoyed some better results this year and comes into the tournament as the 17th seed . A potential third round showdown with top seed Dinara Safina will test her to the limit , although she would undoubtedly have the fans ' support should that encounter materialize . Safina 's standing as world number one has divided opinion . The Russian is yet to win a grand slam and wasted another opportunity to end that particular hoodoo when losing to compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova in the French Open final last month . The 23-year-old comes into the tournament with a niggling knee injury and has not impressed in her pre-tournament displays . The feeling remains that should the Williams sisters decided to play more WTA events then one of them , and not Safina , would be topping the world rankings . Russians Elena Dementieva and Kuznetsova are seeded fourth and fifth and both have chances should they bring their top game to SW19 , although again it is hard to see one of them defeating an in-form Williams sister . Former world number one Jelena Jankovic has slipped down the world rankings this year and she too has yet to win a major , while 13th-seed Ana Ivanovic has not shown anything like the form that saw her win last year 's French Open . Last year 's semifinalist Jie Zheng of China loves the surface and could figure again . Unfortunately for her , she is due to face Serena Williams in the fourth round .	The Williams sisters are expected to dominate women 's singles once again The American have won seven out of the last nine Wimbledon tournaments Top seed Dinara Safina heads the rankings despite not winning a grand slam
CNN  -- It 's not a good week to be a celebrity cell phone . But before we even begin to dive into that world , let 's go into a different preventive exercise that you 'll thank me for later : Take your cell phone out . Go into the media library that stores your photos . Among the pics of your pet and that amazing plate of spaghetti from that fancy dinner , find the incriminating ones you would n't want a soul seeing . Erase them . Do the same with text messages . All set ? Good . Now we can carry on with a feeling of safety while immersing ourselves deeper into the story at hand . On Wednesday , two of Hollywood 's hottest young stars -- Scarlett Johansson and Mila Kunis -- reportedly found themselves at the center of a cell phone hacking scandal that is said to have eventually made its way all the way to the Federal Bureau of Investigation . The FBI could not confirm the name of specific hacking victims , and a representative said in a statement that "  The FBI is investigating the person or group responsible for computer intrusions of high-profile figures , but due to it being an ongoing investigation , we 're not at liberty to confirm specific victims or the number of victims . " Neither Johansson nor Kunis has confirmed that their phones have been hacked . For Johansson , alleged nude photos zoomed across the Internet after they were allegedly stolen from her cell phone . And while there is supposedly only one photo of Kunis taken from her phone , it 's the alleged photos and texts to and from Justin Timberlake that are causing a stir . Kunis and Timberlake had definite on-screen chemistry in "  Friends with Benefits , " a film about , well , friends who sleep together . Pretty much anyone with knowledge of Hollywood or celebrities thought something was going on there . With every media interview , the two joked and feigned a flirty relationship that raised eyebrows . Then , the media blitz ended , Timberlake was spotted again with ex Jessica Biel , and that was that . That was until Wednesday , when reports of alleged stolen cell phone photos from Kunis ' phone reportedly of Timberlake -- one where he 's said to have a pair of underwear on his head -- started surfacing . As of early Thursday , said photos -- if they actually exist -- had not yet surfaced . In unrelated , but still relevant , cell phone hacking news , Sienna Miller for the first time opened up this week about how she was a victim of the massive News of the World phone hacking scandal that invaded the lives and communications of several celebrities , politicians and families of murder victims . When stories began hitting newsstands that clearly no one could possibly know about aside from Miller and her closest confidants , she said on "  Today , " she became "  incredibly paranoid " because she felt "  everything is compromised enormously . ... It had a huge impact on relationships , friendships and my career . " While Miller 's case is far different from the alleged cases of Johansson and Kunis , all of this hacking raises the question : How can situations like this be prevented ? Here are a few suggestions , ideas and thoughts * that can help not only the celebrities involved , but , in one scenario , might also aid our struggling economy .  And before you let loose in the comments , be aware that the tongue was firmly in the cheek when these were written .  : â -- Build a government-run celebrity cell phone network : Just like you and me , celebrities have cell phone contracts with the same old protections of non-celebs . Well , they  clearly  need better mobile security . So , take whatever cell phone system the CIA , FBI and military operate on -- with all of the necessary security measures in place -- build an offshoot version of it only for celebrities , and charge them an exorbitant amount of money each month for it . In fact , charge them based on how scandalous the content on the phone is . The more nude pics or salacious texts you have , the higher your monthly rate . The money goes straight to the government , their nude photos stay safe , and our national debt just got lessened . U.S.A ! U.S.A ! â -- Walkie-talkies and CBs : If the technology of today makes it easy for scandals of this nature to occur , people of importance should turn back the clock and embrace the old school . Trouble ensues when your phone doubles as a portable hard drive for photos and other potential red flags . A walkie-talkie does n't . Hey , get a beeper while you 're at it . The worst thing that can happen there is someone texts you "  58008 . " â -- Make cell phone hacks an act of terrorism : Somewhere , the hacker behind the celebrity stings is laughing and living it up after exposing the lives of people in the spotlight . One surefire way to stop him/her and 99 % of the others from trying to continue the art of the hack ? Those so-called "  enhanced interrogation " techniques . Answer this : Would you post a nude photo of someone if it meant potentially being waterboarded and slapped repeatedly ? Did n't think so . * Or just do n't take/have/send things like this on your phone .	There are reports of alleged stolen cell phone photos of Justin Timberlake Those photos are alleged to have come from Mila Kunis ' phone News comes on the heels of reports about Scarlett Johansson Alleged nude photos of Johansson surfaced on the Web
New York  CNN  -- CNN 's Lou Dobbs stepped down from his controversial role as an advocacy anchor at the network at the end of his show Wednesday night , saying he plans to seek a more activist role . "  Over the past six months , it has become increasingly clear that strong winds of change have begun buffeting this country and affecting all of us , and some leaders in media , politics and business have been urging me to go beyond the role here at CNN and to engage in constructive problem-solving as well as to contribute positively to a better understanding of the great issues of our day and to continue to do so in the most honest and direct language possible , " Dobbs said during his 7 p.m. broadcast . Dobbs , 64 , said he had discussed the issue with CNN President Jonathan Klein , who had agreed to a release from his contract "  that will enable me to pursue new opportunities . " In a written statement , Klein called Dobbs "  a valued founding member of the CNN family . " "  For decades , Lou fearlessly and tirelessly pursued some of the most important and complex stories of our time , often well ahead of the pack , " Klein said . "  All of us will miss his appetite for big ideas , the megawatt smile and larger-than-life presence he brought to our newsroom , and we 're grateful to have known and worked with him over the years . "  With characteristic forthrightness , Lou has now decided to carry the banner of advocacy journalism elsewhere . We respect his decision and wish him , Debi -LSB- Dobbs ' wife -RSB- , and his family the very best . " Dobbs , who is the last of the 29-year-old network 's original anchors , said he was considering "  a number of options and directions . " He cited the growth of the middle class , the creation of jobs , health care , immigration policy , the environment , climate change and the U.S. military involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan as "  the major issues of our time . " But , he said , "  Each of those issues is , in my opinion , informed by our capacity to demonstrate strong resilience of our now weakened capitalist economy and demonstrate the political will to overcome the lack of true representation in Washington , D.C. I believe these to be profoundly , critically important issues and I will continue to strive to deal honestly and straightforwardly with those issues in the future . " Read Dobbs ' full statement about his departure from CNN Those issues , he added , are defined in the public arena "  by partisanship and ideology rather than by rigorous , empirical forethought , analysis and discussion , " and he vowed to work to change that . In an e-mail to CNN staff members , Klein described the parting as "  extremely amicable , " and said Dobbs ' replacement would be announced soon . Dobbs was with Cable News Network from its initial broadcasts in 1980 , acting as chief economics correspondent and host of the business program "  Moneyline . " His coverage of the 1987 stock market crash won him the George Foster Peabody Award for excellence in broadcasting . That was one of many awards he received while at CNN , including an Emmy for Lifetime Achievement that he received from the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in 2005 . Dobbs left the network in 1999 to found SPACE.com , a Web site devoted to space-related subjects . He returned to the network in 2001 as anchor and managing editor of CNN 's Moneyline News Hour , which became Lou Dobbs Tonight . He also acted as lead business news anchor for CNN/U . S. and CNNfn , the forerunner of CNNMoney . During his second stint at CNN , Dobbs positioned himself as "  tough , relentless , independent , " lashing out at what he described as the deficiencies and "  partisan nonsense " of both major political parties , and injecting advocacy journalism into his coverage of topics ranging from free trade to immigration . His no-holds-barred , sometimes acerbic style brought him a loyal following , but also attracted controversy both to him and to the network , especially over the subject of illegal immigrants . Dobbs will continue as anchor of The Lou Dobbs Show , a daily radio show that began in March 2008 and is distributed to more than 160 stations nationwide by United Stations Radio Networks Inc. .	Dobbs , 64 , said President Jonathan Klein agreed to release him from his contract Departure will "  enable me to pursue new opportunities , " said Dobbs Dobbs said he was considering "  a number of opportunities and directions " Dobbs ' no-holds-barred style brought loyal following , but also controversy
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- International efforts to persuade Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi to step down ratcheted up Tuesday , as world leaders moved against him on financial and political fronts , strengthened their rhetoric and moved military might into the region . "  We have joined the Libyan people in demanding that Gadhafi must go -- now , without further violence or delay -- and we are working to translate the world 's outrage into action and results , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the House Foreign Affairs Committee . The Obama administration is considering whether it should cut diplomatic ties with Libya , a senior U.S. official told CNN . "  Whether to maintain relations or sever them is under review , " the official said . U.S. officials have said all options are being considered with respect to Libya . Underscoring that point , the amphibious assault ship USS Kearsarge and the amphibious transport dock USS Ponce were to be repositioned in the Mediterranean to "  provide us a capability for both emergency evacuations and also for humanitarian relief , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates told reporters . But , he noted , the U.N. Security Council has not authorized the use of armed force . The U.N. General Assembly adopted by consensus a resolution to suspend Libya from its seat on the 47-member chamber Human Rights Council . It was the first time the assembly had suspended a member of the council . "  This is a harsh rebuke -- but one that Libya 's leaders have brought down upon themselves , " said Ambassador Susan E. Rice , U.S. permanent representative to the United Nations , in a statement . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the General Assembly that he welcomed the decision and urged the international community to investigate allegations of human rights violations in Libya . "  The world has spoken with one voice , " he said . "  We demand an immediate end to the violence toward civilians and full respect for their fundamental human rights , including those of peaceful assembly and free speech . " He added that reports from the ground "  are sobering , " with continuing loss of life and ongoing repression . "  Arms depots and arsenals have reportedly been opened to gangs who terrorize communities , " he said . "  There are reports that government forces have fired indiscriminately on peaceful protesters and bombed the military bases in the east of the country . " "  The death toll from nearly two weeks of violence is unknown , but likely to exceed 1,000 , " with thousands more wounded , Ban said , using the same fatality figure he had used Friday . Libya 's ambassador to the United States estimated Monday that the death toll was about 2,000 . But Gates stressed the number of casualties is uncertain . "  I think the honest answer is that we do n't know , " he told reporters . The government of Canada has frozen $ 2.3 billion in assets tied to the Libyan government ; the assets were frozen after Canada enacted sanctions over the weekend , Canadian Foreign Affairs spokeswoman Lynn Meahan said Tuesday . A number of other countries , including the United States , have ordered an asset freeze . Though some witnesses have accused pro-Gadhafi forces of firing on civilians from the air , Gates and Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said they could not confirm the reports . Clinton said imposition of a no-fly zone is under consideration , but Mullen said doing so would be "  an extraordinarily complex operation . " A top U.S. general said Tuesday that any effort to establish a no-fly zone over the country would include eliminating Libya 's air defenses . It would be "  challenging , " U.S. Central Command leader Gen. James Mattis told the Senate Armed Services committee . In western Libya , Ban said , there were reports of ongoing clashes between government forces and armed opponents . He noted "  allegations of extrajudicial killings , arbitrary arrests , detentions and torture . " Though more members of the military have reportedly sided with the opposition , Gadhafi 's supporters "  appear to be holding a tight grip on western parts of the country , chiefly Tripoli , " he said . He warned of "  serious indications " that the numbers of refugees and displaced persons were reaching crisis proportions and worried that the violence could disrupt distribution networks and lead to food shortages . The U.N. refugee agency reported that nearly 150,000 people had crossed Libya 's borders into Egypt and Tunisia and thousands more were arriving hourly at the borders . Ban called for immediate action by the international community . "  Time is of the essence , " he said . "  Thousands of lives are at stake . " Indeed , at the border with Tunisia , many recent arrivals said they had been robbed or forced to pay bribes en route . Some said they had been threatened with death . One man said Libyan soldiers used electric cables to beat him as he waited at the airport and demanded $ 500 from him . When he told them he did n't have it , they said , "  Die then " and threw him into the street . Tunisian authorities appeared to be struggling to cope with the arriving wave of refugees . Volunteers hurled fresh bread and water into the crowds . "  There is nothing for them on that side , " a policeman turned volunteer said from the Tunisian side of the border . He was one of many Tunisians donating their time to take food , water and supplies to the border . Many said they were livid that international organizations were slow in arriving . Meanwhile , more parts of the regime have broken off , joining calls for Gadhafi to halt the violence . In London , the Libyan Embassy said it was siding with the opposition , condemning what it called "  all acts of murder and terror " taking place in Libya . The military situation on the ground was complex : Forces loyal to Gadhafi tried to retake a town near the capital that is under opposition control but were repelled , an opposition leader in the town told CNN Tuesday . The source said pro-Gadhafi troops with tanks and anti-aircraft guns attacked Zawiya from east and west at nightfall Monday , but did not capture the town . A senior official in Gadhafi 's regime denied that government forces attacked rebels in Zawiya . Senior members of the government told CNN that Zawiya and Misrata are key to their effort to regain control of the country . The officials insisted they want a peaceful resolution , but witnesses have described repeated violent efforts by the regime to regain control of areas Gadhafi has lost . Zawiya was calm Tuesday , but Gadhafi 's troops remained nearby , the opposition leader and another source in the town said . CNN is not naming them to protect their safety . Misrata was protected by its residents and military defectors and the situation there on Tuesday was stable , said Abd al Baset Imzeereq , who identified himself as the spokesman for the newly formed city council . Pro-Gadhafi forces are stationed in the Navy college about 15 kilometers  nine miles  outside the city and have not attempted to move into the city center since its fall , he said . The forces appear to be stationed there not to try to retake the city , but to protect the ammunition depot in the college and "  to terrorize the people " by opening fire on them . At least two farmers were killed Monday when these forces shot at their vehicle , Imzeereq said . Still , some semblance of normalcy was visible Tuesday , when some banks had reopened in Misrata and people were able to withdraw money or get loans , he said . Food supplies were ample , he said , but medical goods were scarce . Imzeereq said at least 33 have been killed and another 487 wounded in Misrata since the unrest began . The capital city of Tripoli was quiet Tuesday as more people here also tried to resume normal life . Prices of basic goods have increased ; a Tripoli resident said she could not get paid due to unspecified problems in her bank . Some residents told CNN they want to protest but fear being killed . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , the leader 's 38-year-old son who has spoken on behalf of the regime during the protests , told CNN his talks with the opposition are in "  chaos " because the opposition is divided , with no clear leaders . Many Libyans have rejected the younger Gadhafi 's remarks during the uprising . But U.S. officials made similar comments about the rebel forces . A U.S. official who wished to remain nameless because the official was not authorized to speak on the record said it 's "  unclear who the leaders in the opposition are and that makes it difficult " for the U.S. to provide assistance . "  The intelligence community is aggressively pursing information on the ground , " said the official , who added that the CIA has had a presence in the country for some time . "  I think it remains to be seen how effectively military leaders who have defected from Gadhafi 's forces can organize the opposition in the country , " said Gates . "  We are watching that unfold . " Over the past two weeks , government forces have repeatedly clashed with demonstrators and rebel forces , fired on crowds and at times shot indiscriminately at people in the streets , numerous witnesses have told CNN . The elder Gadhafi made no public appearances Tuesday , but he appeared out of touch on Monday , denying having used force against his people and even denying the existence of the protests . "  No demonstration at all in the streets , " the 68-year-old ruler told ABC and the BBC in a joint interview in Tripoli . "  They love me , all my people with me , they love me all . They will die to protect me , my people , " said Gadhafi , who has controlled Libya for nearly 42 years . But Libya 's Deputy U.N. Ambassador Ibrahim Dabbashi disagreed . "  I do n't believe that even his family loves him at this moment , " said Dabbashi , who has joined the rebel movement in calling for Gadhafi to step down . "  I think no one loves him at all . I think the whole Libyan people hate him now . With all the bloodshed , all the killing ... he 's certainly out of his mind . " CNN 's Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Ivan Watson , Anderson Cooper , Ben Wedeman , Eve Bower , Salma Abdelaziz , Jim Boulden , Frederik Pleitgen , Richard Roth , Jack Maddox , Whitney Hurst and Antonia Mortensen contributed to this report	Libya 's Deputy U.N. Ambassador Dabbashi on Gadhafi : "  No one loves him " It 's not clear who the opposition leaders are Situation in Misrata stable U.S. weighing whether to cut diplomatic ties with Libya
A newly published U.S. Army regulation said until Friday that a service member could be referred to as a "  Negro " when describing "  black or African American " personnel . The Army confirmed Wednesday the language was contained in the October 22 "  Army Command Policy , " known as regulation AR 600-20 . The regulation is periodically updated but the Army could not say how recently the word was added to the document . In a lengthy section of the document describing "  race and ethnic code definitions , " the regulation stated under the category "  Black or African American " that would include , "  A person having origins in any of the black racial groups of Africa . Terms such as "  Haitian " or "  Negro " can be used in addition to "  Black " or "  African American . " The U.S. Army changed the regulation Friday and issued an apology "  to anyone we offended . " The new policy states that "  Black or African-American " are the only acceptable terms . The Army , along with the rest of the military , collects extensive demographic data on the makeup of the military force for issues such as equal opportunity and ensuring discrimination does not take place . One Army official familiar with the document said it 's possible the word was added so when forms are filled out , a black or African-American person could "  self report " and choose to identify themselves as a Negro . But a military officer specializing in personnel issues for the Defense Department called that "  the dumbest thing I have ever heard , " noting the Pentagon does not use the word in any of its extensive collection of demographic data . Lt. Col. S. Justin Platt , an Army spokesman , said the use of the word comes from an outdated section . "  The racial definitions in AR600-20 para . 6-2 are outdated , currently under review , and will be updated shortly , " he said on Wednesday . "  The Army takes pride in sustaining a culture where all personnel are treated with dignity and respect and not discriminated against based on race , color , religion , gender and national origin . "	Regulation says "  Negro " OK to describe "  black or African American " It 's unclear when the word was added Army official says the regulation will be reviewed
CNN  -- Police were watching for any further violence Wednesday after a third night of rioting in Belfast , Northern Ireland , that left one officer hurt , officials said . About 150 nationalist youths fired shots and threw petrol bombs and a pipe bomb at officers . They also shone high-powered laser pens into officers ' eyes . The Police Service of Northern Ireland said it was now investigating and hoping to identify those involved in Tuesday night 's violence . Burning barricades were set up in the Ardoyne area of the city , which has been a flashpoint of the recent violence . One vehicle was hijacked and set on fire , police said . Police used water cannons to disperse the rioters and the violence was over by 2 a.m.  9 p.m. ET Tuesday  , police said . One officer was hurt , but not seriously , police said . Earlier there were reports that several had been injured . Trouble also flared in other parts of Belfast . The latest violence began after a decision to allow a Protestant parade to pass through a mainly Catholic neighborhood on July 12 , a day when Protestants march to celebrate the victory of England 's King William III over his ousted Catholic predecessor , James II , in 1689 . Known as The Twelfth , the holiday has previously been marred by violence and has been a source of tension between Catholics and Protestants for years . Police had to remove demonstrators who staged a sit-down protest to block this year 's march . Rioting erupted a short time later and more than 50 officers were hurt . The previous night , 27 officers were hurt , including three who were shot at close range by a masked man armed with a shotgun . Speaking at the House of Commons on Wednesday , British Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the "  completely unacceptable behavior " of the protesters and praised the police as "  brave " and "  restrained . " "  Over 80 police officers have been injured after being attacked , including by petrol bombs , pipe bombs , and bricks , " Cameron said . "  The police came under fire on Sunday night , and shots were again fired last night . The police have been forced to retaliate with baton rounds and with water cannons . " Cameron said Northern Ireland 's police force is under local control , no longer governed by London , so "  there is no excuse for anyone not to cooperate with that police force . " Journalist Peter Taggart in Belfast , Northern Ireland , contributed to this report .	NEW : One officer was hurt in a third night of violence in Belfast NEW : About 150 youths fired shots and threw bombs at officers NEW : Police are now trying to identify those involved NEW : Prime Minister David Cameron denounced "  unacceptable " violence
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Bad dubbing , angry men with extraordinary facial hair , balletic fighting and more blood than you can shake a nunchuck at : just some of the key ingredients to make a perfect kung fu flick . Tony Jaa may be the modern day Bruce Lee , and in "  Ong-bak " he shows off his impressive skills . Whether it 's a traditional tale of ancient Chinese fighting mystics , or a slickly made , modern bloodfest , kung fu has always been a rich part of cinema . We 've compiled a list of 10 of the best . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Share your views by using the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best . 1 . Enter the Dragon  Robert Clouse , 1973 Bruce Lee 's last movie before his untimely death , this is him at his very best . A man on a revenge mission , Lee travels to a mysterious island to fight in a deadly tournament hosted by an evil billionaire . Along with being technically amazing -- the nunchucks scene is jaw-dropping -- it 's the most stylish and iconic martial arts film ever made . 2 . Ong-bak  Prachya Pinkaew , 2003 Tony Jaa is a modern master . He has appeared in very few major releases , but has already made a huge impact . "  Ong-bak " is the perfect showcase for his extraordinary skills : whether he 's fighting a roomful of people or taking part in the most exciting chase we have ever seen -- jumping through rings of barbed wire and sliding under moving cars while doing the splits -- he makes this film every bit the martial arts spectacle . 3 . Wong Fei Hung  Once Upon a Time in China   Hark Tsui , 1991 Part Chinese history , part gripping kung fu movie , this eastern epic has Jet Li demonstrating his talents as the eponymous hero who stands up to invading foreign forces in 19th century China . Armed with a limitless arsenal of martial arts moves , Li takes on masses of gun-toting , badly acting opponents . A visual delight and Jet Li 's best work . 4 . Kill Bill 1 & 2  Quentin Tarantino , 2003/2004 Quentin Tarantino is a movie geek -- specifically , a B-movie geek -- and kung fu has long held a place in his heart . "  Kill Bill , " his tribute to the genre , ticks every box : revenge ; a powerful , all-knowing nemesis ; stylish fights , costumes and music ; and blood , lots and lots of blood . 5 . Wo hu cang long  Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon   Ang Lee , 2000 Every eye-catching detail of this touching and beautiful film works . A love story with outlaws , witches and Shaolin monks is augmented by breathtaking cinematography and some fantastic performances from Chow Yun Fat , Michelle Yeoh and newcomer Ziyi Zhang . This visual feast tugs at the heart strings better than any karate chop could . 6 . The Karate Kid  John G. Avildsen , 1984 A simple but well-executed plot sees Ralph Macchio 's underdog work his way up an unconventional path to take on the mean and nasty establishment . It spawned a spate of copycat films , while thousands of children signed up to after-school karate ; everyone now knows how to defend themselves by waxing on or off and that the best fighting move is obviously The Crane . Hiya ! 7 . Ging chaat goo si  Police Story   Jackie Chan , 1985 Jackie Chan is probably China 's biggest export to Hollywood , well-known for doing his own death-defying stunts . This is one of the films that got him noticed in the United States . When he fights , Chan is unstoppable : he uses every prop on the set and puts himself in enormous physical danger . Out and out fun . 8 . Shogun Assassin  Robert Houston , 1980 Referenced several times in Tarantino 's "  Kill Bill " films , this forgotten classic must have set a record for the amount of blood spilt as our hero crosses the country on a revenge mission . Early on , Tomisaburo Wakayama says "  they will pay with rivers of blood " ; he is n't wrong . Violent and wonderful . 9 . Siu lam juk kau  Shaolin Soccer   Stephen Chow , 2001 Should this be in the best or worst list ? It 's definitely unique . Once described as "  the best kung fu football film of all time , " this is one of the more ridiculous films of the genre . A group of down-and-out martial arts experts form a five-a-side football team to take on a group of evil , drug-taking clones . It 's as simple , and as silly as that . And it 's one of our guiltiest pleasures . 10 . The Matrix  Andy and Larry Wachowski , 1999 A sci-fi spin on the genre , this modern classic has all the key elements : our hero has superhuman powers ; the bad guys , led by the relentless Agent Smith , form part of a shady , all-powerful organization intent on oppressing humankind ; and the fight scenes are fantastically technical . Against all the odds , it appears Keanu really does know Kung Fu . ... . Do n't agree ? Think we 've missed one ? Read others ' comments and share your views by using the Sound Off box below . ... . And the mainstream films that lacked the killer punch ... Street Fighter  Steven E. de Souza , 1994 Jean-Claude Van Damme has made some good films , really he has . "  Kickboxer " nearly made it into our top 10 . But this is , by a huge margin , his worst effort . Most depressing , though , is that this was the last major outing for Raul Julia -- not the way he should be remembered . Great game ; terrible film . The Karate Kid , Part III  John G. Avildsen , 1989 The franchise came out of part two with a little credibility intact , but this last installment -- unless you include "  The Next Karate Kid "  which no self-respecting "  Karate Kid " fan would  -- managed to kill off our last shred of enthusiasm . Where the original might have inspired you to take up karate , this would put you off the sport , and probably kung fu movies too . Bulletproof Monk  Paul Hunter , 2003 "  I 've got a great idea , let 's take a well-respected Chinese actor and pair him up with an annoying teen-film actor in a mystical kung fu movie ; it ca n't fail ! " Unsurprisingly , this film was a disaster , shoe-horning silly fight scenes into a plot that spirals from implausible to disturbingly stupid . A frightful mistake , and one of our worst-named films to boot . Under Siege 2 : Dark Territory  Geoff Murphy , 1995 The first "  Under Siege " was a surprisingly good film , and Hollywood 's best martial arts expert acquits himself well , but this follow up is laughable . Seagal still fights like the best , but has lost the ability to speak , and whispers his way through the dialogue . Considering the action takes place on a train , we were amazed his co-stars could hear him . Come on , Steven , you were so much better when you were just a lowly , lowly cook . Game of Death  Robert Clouse , 1978 Through no fault of his own , this is Bruce Lee 's posthumous contribution to the list . This tacky movie features fight scenes shot before Lee died , interspersed with material filmed using lookalikes and a cardboard cutout of the great man . The fights are impressive , but the rest of the film smacks of a cash-in -- they even use footage from Lee 's actual funeral . A desperate slur on Lee 's memory . E-mail to a friend	Iconic kung fu star Bruce Lee hits the top spot with "  Enter the Dragon " Tarantino 's genre tributes , "  Kill Bill 1 & 2 , " are stylish and bloody "  The Matrix " is a sci-fi kung fu movie with slickly made fight sequences But Jean-Claude Van Damme 's "  Street Fighter " lacks the killer punch
CNN  -- David Nalbandian is under police investigation for an alleged assault after a line judge was injured when the Argentine tennis star kicked over an advertising board in Sunday 's Queen 's Club final . London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed to CNN Monday that a complaint had been received following the incident , which led to Nalbandian 's disqualification , with Croatian Marin Cilic awarded the title . "  We are aware of an incident which took place at the Aegon Championships on June 17 , " said a police spokesman . "  A complaint of assault has been made and the Metropolitan Police Service is now investigating . " Nalbandian was a set up , but trailing in the second when his frustrations boiled over after failing to return a Cilic service . He lashed out at a court side advertising board , behind which line judge Andrew McDougall was sitting . The force of the kick dislodged the display , which hit McDougall and left him a nasty gash to his left leg . McDougall was seen to angrily remonstrate with Nalbandian , who was defaulted for "  unsportsmanlike conduct . " ATP supervisor Tom Barnes confirmed that he had been left with no other choice , much to the disappointment of a capacity crowd who had been enjoying a closely contested final . "  Once I saw the injury it was not a judgment call . I did n't have any other option , " he told the official ATP Tour website . Nalbandian forfeited the $ 56,802 prize money and the 150 ranking points he would have received and later Monday was fined $ 12,564 by the ATP for his actions . Nalbandian , who was defaulted for insulting a linesman at tournament in Chile in 2002 , said he regretted the latest incident . "  I made a mistake and I apologize , " the 30-year-old told the official ATP Tour website . "  I feel very sorry to the guy . I did n't want to do that . This is a bad situation for everybody that I really apologize for . " The official tournament website said McDougall had been tended to by St John 's Ambulance and ATP medical staff but did not need any further treatment .	London 's Metropolitan Police to investigate assault allegation against David Nalbandian Nalbandian injured line judge after kicking over an advertising board Nalbandian loses his $ 56,802 prize money and ranking points from Queen 's Club event NEW : Argentina star fined 10,000 euros  $ 12 , 564  by the ATP
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A homeless man included in a mock video produced by a friend of Justin Timberlake 's for the actor-singer 's wedding celebration wants Timberlake to visit him on Skid Row . Lawyer Gloria Allred , known for representing clients with high-profile complaints , held a news conference on Skid Row in downtown Los Angeles Monday to publicize the demands of the man , identified only as Eddie . "  I just want Justin Timberlake to come and talk to me about the things he can do to help us people that 's down and out and that 's lost things in our lives and not back on track , " said "  Eddie , " who appeared at the news conference with Allred . Allred also challenged Timberlake and his friends to "  take action to provide meaningful assistance to Eddie and others like him . " "  This issue is not just about fans being upset or anyone being offended by a video , " Allred said . "  It is about people being down on their luck and in desperate need of help by those who are in a position to provide it . Mr. Timberlake , you , and your friends and others are in a position to provide that help . " Mr. and Mrs. Timberlake help bring Sandy relief The short video -- titled "  Greetings from your Hollywood friends who just could n't make it " -- was not shown at the wedding of Timberlake an Jessica Biel , which took place in Italy in October . But Allred said it was produced for a related event . Eddie was one of several people who live on the streets of Los Angeles who are seen wishing the celebrity couple well in their marriage . "  Jessica and Justin , I have n't seen y' all in a long time . My gift is in the mail , " Eddie said in his clip . While he was paid $ 40 to appear on the video , Eddie said he had no idea it would make fun of him or his friends . "  We 're human beings and we need to be noticed and appreciated , just like other people , " he told reporters . "  Not just to take a video of a person and put it in a rich wedding and everybody laugh about it , or whatever , like it was a joke on the homeless people . " Timberlake posted a letter on his website apologizing for the "  silly , unsavory " video , which he said was produced by a "  knucklehead " friend without his cooperation or knowledge . "  I do n't live my life making fun of people  unless , of course , I 'm making fun of myself on SNL  ... Especially , those who are less fortunate or those in need , " Timberlake wrote . "  I grew up with a family and community that instilled ideals in me like hard work , honesty and empathy . " While Timberlake said he had no involvement in making it , "  by association , I am holding myself accountable . " Eddie , who has lived on the streets for "  six or seven years , " said he was hoping for a job as a clerk , custodian , caretaker or construction worker . "  Once upon a time , I did have a job and was living good , and my mother passed and a lot of things hurt me within myself and by me not having a job , I kind of fell short of money , " he said . "  And you know , if you do n't have any finances , you do n't have nothing to pay rent or anything like that you become on the street . " Next Friday is his 58th birthday , but he 'll spend it on the street , just like this Christmas , he said . His only family members are two daughters who live in another state , he said . Timberlake 's representative did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment on Eddie 's call for help . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	"  I just want Justin Timberlake to come and talk to me , " homeless man tells reporters Lawyer Gloria Allred challenges Timberlake to help Eddie and other homeless get jobs Timberlake apologized for the "  silly , unsavory " video , which a "  knucklehead " friend made "  I do n't live my life making fun of people , " Timberlake says
CNN  -- Floyd Mayweather Jr. has said he is ready to make the big-money fight with newly crowned WBO welterweight world champion Manny Pacquiao happen . After victory in Las Vegas over Puerto Rico 's Miguel Cotto on Saturday , Pacquiao 's trainer Freddie Roach said the "  whole world " now wanted to see a fight with Mayweather . Reacting to the proposition the undefeated 32-year-old , who formerly held the WBC title at welterweight , told British broadcaster Sky Sports : "  If he wants to fight Floyd Mayweather all he has to do is step up to the plate . " The twice-voted Ring magazine fighter of the year added that he felt Pacquiao 's approach was one-dimensional but the Filipino would be a favorite with the crowd . "  The thing is with Pacquaio I do n't see any versatility as a fighter ; he 's a good puncher but just one-dimensional . Is Pacquiao the greatest ? "  The world 's going to go ` wow ' if Floyd Mayweather gets beaten . That 's what everyone is looking to see . "  If I beat Manny Pacquaio do you know what they are going to say ? ` You are supposed to beat him , you are Floyd Mayweather , you are the bigger man ' . If I knock him out they 'll say ` you 're supposed to knock him out he 's been knocked out before ' . "  I 'm in a no-win situation and when I beat him no one is going to be surprised because he 's been beaten before ; whatever I do to Pacquaio has been done before - he 's been beaten on three occasions . And if I knock him out I do n't want the world shouting because he 's been knocked out twice before . " If the fight goes ahead it is expected to challenge the mark set by Oscar De La Hoya 's bout with Floyd Mayweather for the most profitable in history . Money generated from pay-per-view subscriptions earned the two fighters an estimated combined total of $ 77 million in 2007 . Mayweather , whose nickname is "  Money , " said : "  If I go out and make $ 60-75 million in one night ; come on - I 'm not losing . "	Manny Pacquiao is the new WBO welterweight world champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. used to hold the WBC title in the division and is undefeated in 40 fights Mayweather 's fight with Oscar De La Hoya gave a record $ 77 million payday for fighters A Pacquiao bout with Mayweather expected to eclipse this total
CNN  -- Three Disney monorail workers have been placed on paid leave just days after two monorail trains crashed at the Orlando , Florida , theme park , killing one of the train 's operators , according to a Disney spokeswoman . Train operator Austin Wuennenberg , 21 , was killed in Sunday 's monorail crash . Walt Disney World spokeswoman Zoraya Suarez said the action was "  part of an investigative process , not a disciplinary action . " The three workers were a monorail maintenance shop member , the monorail pilot of one of the trains and a transportation manager . Disney would not name the employees . The National Transportation Safety Board , which is investigating the Sunday morning accident , is expected to be at the park for several days . "  To this point in the investigation , no anomalies or malfunctions have been found with the automatic train stop system or with any mechanical components of the switch or with either trains , " the NTSB said in a statement . The crash killed operator Austin Wuennenberg , 21 . The operator of the other train was taken to a hospital , where he was treated and released . Additionally , six passengers on Wuennenberg 's train were treated at the scene for minor injuries . Wuennenberg was piloting the "  Purple " train . The other train , known as the "  Pink " train , was operated by one of the employees who has since been placed on leave . The Pink train was instructed to go back through a track switch that would take it from the monorail 's Epcot loop to the Magic Kingdom loop . "  For undetermined reasons that are currently under investigation , the switch had not changed position needed to allow the Pink train to be routed to the Magic Kingdom loop , " putting the Pink and Purple trains on a collision course , the NTSB statement said . NTSB investigators believe that Wuennenberg attempted to put his train into reverse before the collision , attempting to avoid the crash . The Orange County Sheriff 's Office , which is investigating Wuennenberg 's death , would not comment , citing the ongoing investigation .	Action is "  part of an investigative process , " spokeswoman says Workers are maintenance shop member , pilot and transportation manager Sunday morning crash of two trains killed one driver NTSB is still investigating incident
CNN  -- In the aftermath of Haiti 's devastating earthquake in January 2010 , a group of dedicated amputees who share a love of soccer emerged as a symbol of survival and rebuilding . Team Zaryen , Haiti 's first all-amputee soccer team , travels to the United States this week for its first tour . The team will visit Washington D.C. and New York to conduct clinics and demonstration matches throughout the week as part of the "  Haitian Inspiration Tour . " Sponsored by the Knights of Columbus and the health service organization Project Medishare , Team Zaryen was formed by Capitan Wilfred Macena , after he received a prosthetic limb thanks to the help of the Healing Haiti 's Children Program . Macena was able to quickly recover and return to his athletic lifestyle after regaining full mobility , and formed the soccer team of other amputee patients in September 2010 . The team coined the name Zaryen , which in Creole means tarantula , because the spider is known to continuously attack regardless of its wound . All 10 teammates received prosthetic limbs and a year of physical therapy from the same program . The team was formed as a way to encourage others to overcome the stigma associated with amputees and as an encouragement to others who have lost a limb , according to the tour 's website . The team 's tour begins Monday when it participates in a soccer clinic with wounded American service members at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center . It will then spend two days at an RFK Stadium practice field , current home of Washington D.C. 's professional soccer team D.C. United . The tour was formed in part as a way for Team Zayren to give back to the American military for their relief efforts following the earthquake The team will also offer brief demonstrations of amputee soccer during professional U.S. soccer games in Washington D.C. and New York during the week .	The team is comprised of players who lost limbs during the Haiti quake It will conduct conduct clinics and take part in demonstration matches Zaryen is Creole for tarantula , which is known to keep attacking despite its wounds
The Hollywood Reporter  Tom Petty has been given a songwriting credit for Sam Smith 's hit song "  Stay With Me " -- but he wo n't be collecting a Grammy if the tune wins best song . Despite Petty and collaborator Jeff Lynne being added to the song credits thanks to similarities between "  Stay With Me " and the Petty song "  I Wo n't Back Down , " they did n't add anything new to Smith 's song and therefore are n't nominees , the Recording Academy 's Bill Freimuth told CNN . "  Since Lynne and Petty did n't do any new writing for this work , we are considering their original work to have been interpolated by Napier , Phillips and Smith for ` Stay With Me , ' " said Freimuth , the Senior Vice President , Awards . "  Lynne and Petty will not be considered nominees nor will they be considered Grammy recipients , should the song win . Rather , they would be given certificates to honor their participation in the work , just as any other writers of sampled or interpolated work . " Grammys : John Legend , Common , Sam Smith and Pharrell Williams Added to Performers Petty and Lynne were added to "  Stay With Me 's " credits after Petty 's team noticed a likeness between Smith 's song and Petty 's "  I Wo n't Back Down . " When the Petty camp reached out to Smith 's representatives , they settled the matter amicably and agreed that Petty and Lynne will receive royalties . ` American Idol ' Winner Files Bold Legal Claim to Escape ` Oppressive ' Contracts "  Not previously familiar with the 1989 Petty/Lynne song . The writers of ` Stay With Me ' listened to ' I Wo n't Back Down ' and acknowledged the similarity , " a representative for Smith told Billboard . "  Although the likeness was a complete coincidence , all involved came to an immediate and amicable agreement in which Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne are now credited as co-writers of ` Stay With Me ' along with Sam Smith , James Napier and William Phillips . " Listen to the two songs below : CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this story .	Tom Petty has been given a songwriting credit for Sam Smith 's hit song "  Stay With Me " Observers noticed similarities between "  Stay With Me " and "  I Wo n't Back Down "
EW.com  -- Animated movies have topped the box office for the past four weekends , but this time around , audiences were ready to embrace something a bit edgier . As such , Warner Bros. ' horror film "  The Conjuring " easily topped a crowded weekend with an eye-popping $ 41.5 million . The $ 20 million James Wan-directed title garnered the best horror debut of the year , trumping The Purge 's $ 34.1 million bow in May . It also had the second-best debut ever for an R-rated horror film , trailing only Paranormal Activity 3 , which opened with $ 52.6 million in 2011 . The film notched a powerful $ 14,306 per theater average , and if it receives strong word-of-mouth  which seems likely  , it could become a $ 100 million smash . Audiences , which were 53 percent female and 59 percent above the age of 25 , issued The Conjuring an excellent "  A - " CinemaScore grade -- an especially impressive rating given the fact that the horror genre that has seen its fair share of "  D " and "  F " grades . The Conjuring 's debut marks a career high for Wan , who broke onto the scene in 2004 with his $ 55.2 million hit Saw , a film so buzzy it steered horror films into the torture direction for years after its release . In 2011 , Wan scored a spookier hit with Insidious , which , like The Conjuring , starred Patrick Wilson . Insidious earned $ 54 million against a $ 1.5 million budget and now has a sequel hitting theaters on September 13 . The Conjuring will easily outgross both of those films , though it 's all but guaranteed that Wan 's next effort , Fast & Furious 7 , will be his biggest hit yet . Despicable Me 2 held strong in second place , dipping 43 percent to $ 25.1 million in its third weekend . The $ 76 million sequel from Universal and Illumination Entertainment needed only 17 days to surpass the original Despicable Me 's $ 251.5 million domestic total . Today , the film has earned $ 276.2 million . Overseas , Despicable Me 2 has already surpassed the $ 300 million mark , pushing its worldwide total to $ 584.6 million . In third place , Turbo started its box office run at a snail 's pace . The $ 135 million animated comedy , featuring the voice of Ryan Reynolds as a radioactive snail , grossed $ 21.5 million in its first weekend -- the worst debut for a DreamWorks Animation film since 2006 ′ s Flushed Away opened with $ 18.8 million . Hot on the heels of Monsters University and Despicable Me 2 , it 's likely that Turbo suffered because audiences have had their fill of family fare over the past few weeks . Fortunately , the crowds that did see Turbo liked what they saw and gave it an "  A " CinemaScore grade , which could help word-of-mouth in the future , though there 's almost no chance the film matches its budget domestically . Turbo 's lackluster debut casts some shadow on Fox and DreamWorks Animation 's infant relationship . Earlier this year , Fox distributed The Croods , its first DreamWorks Animation-produced film in a five-year deal between the studios . The caveman comedy grossed $ 186 million domestically and $ 582 million worldwide . The fact that Turbo will come nowhere close to those numbers makes its opening all the more disappointing . Grown Ups 2 fell 52 percent from its first weekend to $ 20 million in its second frame . Sony 's $ 80 million Adam Sandler comedy continues to perform well despite its critical savaging , and it has now earned $ 79.5 million after ten days . Grown Ups 2 is on track to pass the $ 100 million mark with ease , and it will become Sandler 's 13th live-action comedy to reach that milestone . Whether you love Sandler or hate him , you ca n't deny his remarkable box office record . In fifth place , Red 2 took in $ 18.5 million , 15 percent less than the original Red 's $ 21.8 million opening in 2010 . The Summit sequel starring Bruce Willis , Helen Mirren , Mary Louise Parker , and John Malkovich , got a big budget-boost from its predecessor , but like The Expendables 2 , that did n't grow the film 's audience at the box office . While Red cost only $ 58 million and ultimately earned $ 199 million worldwide , Red 2 cost $ 85 million , and its weaker American debut suggests it wo n't climb nearly as high at the box office . Audiences gave Red 2 a "  B + " CinemaScore grade . 1 . The Conjuring -- $ 41.5 million 2 . Despicable Me 2 -- $ 25 million 3 . Turbo -- $ 21.5 million 4 . Grown Ups 2 -- $ 20 million 5 . Red 2 -- $ 18 million Further down the chart , R.I.P.D. , in which Ryan Reynolds and Jeff Bridges play cops in the afterlife , bombed with $ 12.8 million in its first three days . The film also stars Mary Louise Parker , which means that both she and Reynolds faced themselves at the box office this weekend -- and both fared poorly . In press notes sent to journalists this morning , Universal admits "  In this crowded marketplace , R.I.P.D. did not find the size audience it needed and Universal is disappointed in the weekend result . " The studio says the action comedy cost $ 130 million  though its budget has been reported at $ 154 million  , which makes R.I.P.D. an expensive misfire for the studio that has n't suffered a major misstep since Battleship . This year at the box office has been riddled with costly mistakes , and R.I.P.D. joins the ranks of After Earth , White House Down , The Lone Ranger , and Jack the Giant Slayer -- big-budget tentpoles that audiences firmly rejected . Crowds issued R.I.P.D. a negative "  C + " CinemaScore . So for those of you keeping score : Turbo , Red 2 , and R.I.P.D. collectively cost $ 350 million and earned $ 52.8 million this weekend at the box office . The Conjuring , meanwhile , cost $ 20 million and earned $ 41.5 million . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Conjuring " is the best debut by a horror film so far this year "  Despicable Me 2 " came in second place "  Turbo " had a lackluster debut
CNN  -- A fast-moving brush fire burning just south of Reno , Nevada , on Thursday prompted evacuations , closed a major highway and led the governor of Nevada to declare a state of emergency . The more than 3,000-acre fire began burning around 1 p.m. Thursday in North Washoe Valley , according to a press release from county officials . At least 10,000 people have been evacuated . There was no containment on the blaze , said Nancy Leuenhagen , Washoe County press Iinformation officer . Video from CNN Reno affiliate KOLO showed dark smoke plumes , fueled by heavy wind and dry vegetation , pushing toward U.S. Highway 395 . A 12-mile stretch of the highway remained closed late Thursday , according to Dan Lopez of the Nevada Highway Patrol . Several flights at the Reno airport have been canceled or diverted , CNN affiliate KTVN reported . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with those who have been and are being affected by this fire , " Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval said in a statement . "  Declaring a state of emergency ensures that every resource from the local , state and federal level is available to assist . " The Nevada Division of Forestry and the Department of Public Safety were aiding local firefighters and emergency personnel , Sandoval said . The National Guard was on standby and the state of California was also providing assistance , according to the governor 's website . About 12 families displaced by the fire were receiving assistance at an evacuation shelter at a local high school , said Karli Epstien , Red Cross press information officer . CNN 's Nigel Walwyn and Leslie Tripp contributed to this report .	Fire affects 3,000 acres in North Washoe Valley At least 10,000 people have been evacuated , officials say There has been no containment of the fire , official says
CNN  -- As the tech world watched the birth of the Apple Watch on Tuesday , another iconic device from the Cupertino company was being laid to rest . The iPod Classic , the  relatively  big and blocky version of Apple 's music player that represented the straightest line back to its original form , was quietly removed from the company 's lineup on Tuesday Is the Apple Watch a game-changer ? The signs had been there for a while . Apple had n't updated the the Classic since 2009 and had quit mentioning it , even at iPod-specific events . But some loyalists still love it . Although it does n't have the touchscreens of new models like the Touch and is downright huge in comparison with the sleek Nano and miniscule Shuffle , the Classic packed a whopping 160 GB of storage . That 's enough to hold 40,000 songs , according to Apple . Hands-on with the new Apple Watch On social media , users were reacting with real emotion , bidding farewell to a "  good buddy " and "  old friend . " To some , it was perhaps a bit of nostalgia , losing the only remaining iPod that bears a resemblance to the original and other early models . For others , it was about the utility of the thing . Sure , it 's bigger and bulkier . But it holds 40,000 songs ! "  Farewell #iPodClassic , " wrote London tech consultant Phillip Downer on Twitter . "  Replacing a device that does one thing supremely well with multiple gadgets doing multiple things quite well . " Take a look at our gallery above , which looks back at the Classic and other iPod models through the years .	Apple has discontinued the iPod Classic Not updated since 2009 , the Classic looked much like the original iPod It had 160 GB of storage , enough for 40,000 songs It was removed from Apple 's website during Tuesday 's iPhone , Apple Watch event
CNN  Wrapped up in a long brightly-colored scarf , which does little to contain her free-flowing curly hair , Nneka sits back quietly as she tries to bring to mind her very first memory of music . "  I was a kid , " the Nigerian singer finally says , her thoughts traveling back to Warri , the Niger Delta city where she grew up . "  While I was doing my domestic work in the house , sweeping , waking up at 5am in the morning , there was this bird -LSB- singing -RSB- -- and I never forgot the melody , " she continues , breaking a warm smile . "  Funny wise , like 25 years later I was in Lagos and I heard the same melody -- it was amazing ! " Nneka 's first musical recollection might be firmly rooted in her birthplace , but the award-winning singer 's career was destined to begin thousands of miles away from home -- the daughter of a Nigerian father and a German mother , Nneka moved to Hamburg at the age of 19 to study anthropology . Whilst attending university , she also started exploring her musical talents , and soon found herself performing in various clubs opening up for top reggae and hip-hop names . In 2005 , she released "  Victim of Truth , " a much-lauded debut that fused soulful beats , tasty hip-hop-and reflective ballads with politically-charged lyrics and black consciousness . Since then , she went on to enjoy further chart success , tour extensively and collaborate with global stars like Lenny Kravitz and Damian Marley . And now , the soulful singer is back with a brand new , self-released album -- "  My Fairy Tales " is a formidable collection of rich afrobeat grooves , reggae-tinged beats and uplifting rhythms that reaffirm her place as one of the continent 's most exciting -- and relevant -- artists . CNN 's African Voices caught up with Nneka in London to talk about music , memories and the current situation in Nigeria -- as well as present her with the questions you sent via the #AskNneka and #CNNAfrica hashtags . CNN : In the past , you 've dealt with issues ranging from the environment and politics , to religion and love -- what are the themes that you 're emphasizing at this moment ? Nneka : What is happening in Africa at present concerns me a lot . Boko Haram has always been an issue obviously for the past five , six years -- funny wise , there 's a track in the album called "  Pray For You " which I recorded when not too many people knew what was going with Boko Haram in the West . I 'm talking about the problems and possible solutions , and what are the reasons for the problems that we have . We as Nigerians , we 're not united , that has always been the issue ... that 's our problem , tribalism , and what belongs to whom . I also talk about children and the future , bringing children into this world ... Everyone 's living in a cage and then you bring your child into that kind of society , where your child is forced to live in fear . People are afraid to express themselves politically , and even in their home -- I remember the way we grew up , I did n't look my father in the eye until I was 22 ; you call your father "  Sir , Sir , Sir " -- apparently it 's a form of respect , OK , but respect should not be mistaken with fear . I was afraid and that 's the thing , that 's the colonial mentality : we mistake fear for respect . He -LSB- Goodluck Jonathan -RSB- says he wants to tackle Boko Haram , obviously every Nigerian is asking why now , he could had done it a long time ago ... but I 'm not good at the whole blaming game , I do n't want to blame anybody but I pray that he comes up with a good idea for us if he is an honest and genuine guy . But I know that Fela -LSB- Kuti -RSB- would definitely not be cool with him , Seun -LSB- Kuti -RSB- is not cool with him , and many other musicians who are very outspoken are not cool with him . CNN : What is the power of music and how can it influence things to bring positive change ? Nneka : Music is very powerful , music is big ; music is even more powerful than politics at present . Beyonce would definitely draw more crowd than -LSB- Nigerian president -RSB- Goodluck Jonathan if she was going to hold a speech -- if Beyonce is going to talk about Boko Haram , many people are going to listen , and if she had something to tell Nigerians about love or whatever , many people are going to listen . CNN : How do you see the political and security situation now in Nigeria ? Nneka : All I can say is that we do need proper leadership . Yes , that 's just easier said than done , but we also need ourselves to take more things into our own hands -- so if we want change , we have to show that we want change , peacefully -- I love Malcolm X but I 'd rather go for Martin Luther -LSB- King -RSB- -- peacefully . And be part of it , not just blame our leaders and making sure that you , yourself , contribute to the change that you want to see . YOUR QUESTIONS Nneka : My personal life always inspires me , in the first place , and then I try to expand it to the world . I try not to go too personal so that people can have their own interpretation of the song and also relate to it in their own special way . Nneka : I like The Prophet by Kahlil Gibran , I like Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe , I like the Bible . Right now I 'm reading The Humans by Matt Haig . Read ! Just read , educate yourself ! Nneka : The way forward is going to be easier said than done , but tribalism is not they key . What we need is unity and to appreciate each other as Nigerians , as Africans , regardless of tribe and regardless of religion -- imposing your religion on other people is only going to create war and turmoil , there has to be another way . Nneka : Being on tour for like five months ; I mean you get used to the life , but -LSB- it 's hard -RSB- when you 're coming back home and then realizing that people move on when you 're not around . Nneka : It is successfully already , that 's why everybody is in it . That 's all I can say to that , it 's flourishing and they know it 's flourishing and that 's why they 're all there -- the Chinese , the Americans , the Europeans and the rest of them .	Nigerian singer Nneka releases latest album , "  My Fairy Tales " She combines reggae and afrobeat with powerful lyrics tackling politics , love and forgiveness
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Prejudice is a funny thing . I was prepared not to like BMW 's M6 . Not that I thought it would be a bad car -- BMW , as a rule , is n't prone to making duff automobiles -- it 's just I was n't entirely sure what it was supposed to be . An executive coupe with a 5-liter V10 engine and 500 bhp ? With a price tag that could buy you a Porsche 911 or most of an Aston Martin V8 Vantage ? What fresh nonsense was this ? But prejudice is there to be challenged . The aggressive front air intakes , 19 " alloy wheels and carbon fiber roof mean that this is n't any ordinary 6-Series Taking delivery of the M6 at my home in Brighton , southern England , I felt the car looked ever so slightly out of place . After all I live in an electoral ward which elected three Green representatives to the City council and is predicted to deliver the first Green Party member to the national government at the next general election . Muscular sports cars are n't common sights on my street  someone once parked a Porsche Cayenne Turbo here but he got a dirty look for it  . An acquaintance , Kevin , strolled past . "  Hello , " I said , "  it 's not mine " . Second-guessing his likely prejudices I added , "  It 's rather ostentatious , I know . " "  I do n't know , " replied Kevin , "  I think it 's quite understated , quite elegant . " One prejudice quashed . My wife and I then filled the surprisingly roomy trunk with our luggage and various gifts  the weekend being the occasion of my father-in-law 's 70th birthday  and prepared for our journey to the Staffordshire moorlands in central England . You can spend a lot of time preparing for a journey in an M6 . You can choose a location for the sat-nav to direct you to and whether the directions are displayed as a map or as a perspective diagram . You can choose to listen to CD , radio or an external audio source and then modify the acoustic properties with a graphic equalizer and various surround sound settings . You can program the "  M " button on the steering wheel so that the various suspension , gearing and power settings can be switched between sedate motorway driving and utter lunacy . You can adjust the seat 's height and rake ; inflate , deflate and position the lumbar support so the small of your back is just so and adjust the seat wings to hold you as tight as a doting grandmother , should you wish . The car is started with a start/stop button . This is best done with the window open because the M6 is front-engined and the general cabin ambience is too refined to be invaded with the brutish noises of the 5-liter V10 . Even so , the hood 's sound insulation means that you never get the eviscerating snarl that juvenile men -- such as myself -- expect from a supercar . The automatic gearbox can be put in a fully-automatic mode , or gears can be selected by nudging the sequential gear lever , or flipping the paddle-shifts behind the steering wheel . The car is surprisingly civilized at low speeds . It does n't feel like you 're taming a monster . If anything there 's a slight lag between pushing the throttle and the forwards crawl . Navigational and speedometer readings are projected onto the windscreen by the head-up display , creating the impression of a floating screen a few feet in front of the car . This omnipresent reminder of speed is good news for my  unblemished  driving licence as it is horribly easily to drive way too fast in the M6 . It is so stable that 30 mph feels like a walking pace and I would n't want to incriminate myself by stating the speed I found myself doing on the public highway while thinking I was driving at just about the speed limit . Naturally the head-up display can also be customized and , in "  M " mode displays speed and a graphic display of rev ranges , in favor of navigational instructions . Put simply the M6 is perfect on the highways , which would make up the majority of my journey  much of it , coincidentally , on a highway called the "  M6 "  . You are under no compulsion to drive like a hooligan . With the power button off  meaning you have only 400 not 500 horses at your disposal  , and at its least-sporty setting , the M6 drives like a perfectly ordinary BMW -- composed , sturdy but able to accelerate out of trouble when necessary . On country roads it handles diligently , holding corners reassuringly but without the physical sensation you get driving smaller , lower sports cars . I 'm assured that you can drive the M6 like a hooligan if you wish , taking advantage of the M-Diff system -- a torque-sensing differential that can provide between zero and 100 per cent of the drive forces to either driven wheel -- and the MDynamic mode which allows the car to perform on the edge for as long as possible before kicking in the dynamic stability control to keep the car in line . Sadly time , conditions , and my wife 's insistence that we arrived in one piece , prevented me from testing these attributes . The point of the M6 , then , is that it 's both a refined , four-seater grand tourer and a sports car . It has , as the car wash attendant in a supermarket parking lot in Cheadle suggested "  too much electronics " but those electronics are necessary for performing the car 's dual roles . The car 's not without niggles : the indicator stalk is too short  and would it hurt to put an indicator display on the head-up ?  . It 's very thirsty  officially 19 mpg , but we managed rather less  and the 70-liter tank is insufficient for long journeys . The lag between gear changes at low speed is rather annoying . And the compromise between sports car thrills and autobahn civility means that it does n't sound , or look , like a schoolboy 's fantasy . But perhaps that 's the point . Far from being ostentatious , the M6 is the devil dressed as middle-management : it does bad things very respectably . E-mail to a friend	500 bhp V10-engined variant of the BMW 6-Series Seats four adults in comfort , while providing sports car thrills Surprisingly practical , but offers disappointing fuel economy and range
CNN  -- Ten years ago , as the first bombs began to fall on Afghanistan , I was almost 500 miles away with our live satellite transmission dish on the roof of the Marriott hotel in Islamabad , Pakistan . Two weeks earlier the Taliban had forced me out of the country , but before they did I managed to get to their spiritual capital Kandahar , and to our make-shift office in a dusty , drab one-storey villa . That visit was now proving vital . My cameraman , Alfredo Delara and I set up our staff there -- two Afghan brothers -- with a camera and satellite phone . Their job was to be CNN 's eyes and ears once we were forced out of the country . At that time , no other TV network had a presence in Kandahar . So as the United States began its response to the 9/11 attacks on October 7 , our staff were able to relay details of the bombs falling around the airport . Later we would learn the target was the al Qaeda training camps where Osama bin Laden 's fighters had infamously been recorded swinging on monkey bars and crawling through mock tunnels . That night it was enough to know the United States had gone to war . Special : Afghanistan Crossroads Everyone knew it was going to happen , we even had a good idea when , but those two brothers kept me fed with an up-to-the-minute , blow-by-blow account , all those miles away on the roof of the Marriott . That information was then quickly passed to our audience . Although they dared not call in their reports live , they bravely continued day after day , week after week , venturing out with a camera to record what they could of the opening days of the war . And sometimes braving local anger when occasionally civilians were killed . When a Taliban armored personnel carrier was hit by a missile right outside our office , blowing out the windows , the two brothers were forced to flee , setting up camp in a tumbledown old house that two wars earlier had been their family home , graceful and opulent with rose gardens . They built a bunker among the flowers in the back garden , and kept us informed as best they could . When several months later the Taliban capitulated and Kandahar , their last hold-out , fell , the brothers took us to the airport . The showed us dozens of Arab passports found in the al Qaeda camp . Many had arrived just days before 9/11 . Bin Laden knew what would follow and had rallied his supporters to his side . Taliban key to peace process 10 years on Driving him from Afghanistan proved easy . Killing him , however , was a decade-long challenge . Ensuring the country does not fall into his allies ' clutches and become once again a breeding ground for terrorism is proving far more difficult . The Taliban , once al Qaeda 's erstwhile ally , regrouped and re-emerged . Their Pashtun nationalist agenda that claims to push the interests of Afghanistan 's largest ethnic group , has , on the face of it , little in common with al Qaeda 's global terrorism . The two groups share conservative Islamic values , but while the Pashtun tribes who make up the Taliban traditionally follow a more spiritual path of Sufi'ism , al Qaeda 's takes the ultra-radical Salafist agenda . In theory , they are not natural bedfellows . But against a backdrop of a common enemy , the United States -- considered occupiers by the Taliban and the sworn global enemies for al Qaeda -- the two are drawn together . That 's the conundrum : To separate and isolate al Qaeda from internal Afghan issues , thus denying them legitimacy in the Afghan conflict . The Taliban ride the great Mujahedeen myth that no occupier has ever successfully conquered their country . On the back of this , they refuse to give ground , whatever the pain . Al Qaeda money fuels the fight , and nothing in the past 10 years of war has divided the two . The Taliban win local recruits every time NATO inadvertently kills civilians . Al Qaeda feeds on these mistakes , selling them as a global Christian crusade against Muslims . Until recently the Taliban demanded NATO troops leave before they enter serious talks with the Afghan government . The United States and the Afghan government have demanded the Taliban publicly cut ties with al Qaeda first , ensuring the global terrorists can never return . But 10 years of war have not turned the tide . I 've watched year after year . As long ago as 2002 , I was embedded with U.S. troops in the mountain valleys near Khowst in Eastern Afghanistan , when they were handing out radio sets to Afghans . It was an inducement for them to hand over information about Taliban leaders in the Haqqani network . The same men are still being hunted today . It did n't work then , and it does n't work today . Loyalty can not be bought , and is rented only rarely and unreliably . The equation is simple : No one will rat out a well-armed neighbor unless they 're sure of protection 24/7 . In Afghanistan no one gets that , except President Karzai . And on the subject of Karzai , his last election victory was marred by allegations of vast fraud that even he has not been able to lay to rest . Efforts to build a nation around his flawed veneer are failing . NATO plans to use its troops to provide security until Afghan forces are deemed ready . But as every Afghan farmer who may or may not have an inkling of Taliban activity knows , if you ca n't trust the president , how can you trust the forces who might come in his name to protect you ? The Taliban see this and exploit it . The cycle of violence that leads to occasional civilian causalities continues . Writ large , it means for all the well-meaning NATO effort , it is struggling to find a tipping point to bring the Taliban to their knees and sever the al Qaeda connection once and for all . Agendas have been set for NATO troops to leave over the next three years . Afghans fear the resumption of the civil war already under way as 9/11 was sprung on the world . The Taliban had all but a tiny sliver of land in the far northeast controlled by ethnic Tajiks . It was there that U.S. special forces first entered the country . Little surprise that those same northerners have benefited well from their early alliance . Today they are well armed and well equipped . A new civil war would be a highly-energized affair . Those Afghans who fret over NATO 's departure are right to be disturbed . I share their concerns . The country has become a far more dangerous place . In the past decade a new highway from the capital Kabul to Kandahar seemed to symbolize a brave new future for Afghanistan . It slashed the drive from 16 hours to four . I drove it a few times before the Taliban shut it down . It was the same highway that Alfredo , my cameraman , and I drove just after 9/11 . We 'd bumped and bounced over its entire 300 mile sand and rock surface to reach our Kandahar office , train the two brothers , hand them the camera and phone before being forced out of the country . When I look back it saddens me immensely . So many lives have been lost . Both of the Kandahar brothers are dead . One brother was murdered a few years ago . He was killed by a bomb placed outside his grocery store in Pakistan where he 'd fled Afghanistan 's violence for the safety of his family . The other brother , I was told , had been killed in a roadside blast in his hometown , Girishk , in Helmand province . Even now all this time later when both of them are dead we can not reveal their names for fear of endangering their families . It breaks my heart . They were amiable , educated young men -- the seed of the country 's future , forever lost to the violence that still wracks their nation , winnowing out a generation of its promising sons .	Nic Robertson and his crew were forced to leave Afghanistan by the Taliban The Taliban were forced from power after the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the U.S. But the Taliban have since regrouped and re-emerged , building on their Pashtun support Until recently they demanded NATO troops leave before they enter serious peace talks
Two days ago , an intensely powerful typhoon ripped through the midsection of the Philippines . Internationally known as Haiyan , the weakened but still dangerous storm has plowed into Vietnam . But history will record this as a Filipino disaster . I will call the typhoon by its Filipino name , Yolanda . Yolanda might have been the most powerful land-falling tropical cyclone -- this being the generic scientific term as they are called typhoons , hurricanes or simply cyclones in different parts of the world -- ever recorded by meteorologists . More analysis will be needed to finalize that ruling . But it really does n't matter now to the millions of people in the rubble of Yolanda 's wake . The strongest winds , in the narrow ring of Yolanda 's perfectly circular eyewall , passed directly through Tacloban city , a provincial capital with more than 200,000 inhabitants . Photos coming from Tacloban show almost complete devastation . An accurate death toll will take time , but it is nearly impossible to imagine that it wo n't be in the thousands . Numbers of more than 10,000 , as in some early estimates , seem possible . Many , perhaps most , were not killed by the winds but were drowned by deep storm surges . Yolanda may have broken records , and its direct hit on a major city was excruciatingly bad luck . But tropical cyclone death tolls in the thousands or higher are not nearly rare enough in the developing world . In 2008 , Cyclone Nargis likely killed more than 100,000 in Myanmar . And the Philippines , right in the world 's worst cyclone highway , are hit very often . In December , Typhoon Bopha , nearly as strong as Yolanda , hit the southern island of Mindanao and killed more than a thousand . Does it seem , in fact , that these weather disasters are happening more often ? Well , they are . The damage caused by tropical cyclones has risen dramatically in the past century everywhere it has been assessed . But essentially all of that is attributable to development of vulnerable coastlines , rather than changes in the storms themselves . The population of the Philippines , rich in vulnerable coastlines , has roughly doubled in the past 30 years . There as elsewhere , more people are simply exposed to danger . In the U.S. , dollar losses from our hurricanes have exploded . Large numbers of American casualties , though , have become rare , despite big increases in the numbers of potential victims along the coasts .  Katrina in 2005 was the exception that proves that rule .  Better forecasts , warnings and evacuation procedures , as well as tougher building codes and other infrastructure measures , have achieved that . Improvements are starting to take hold in the developing world as well . When Cyclone Phailin hit India 's west coast last month , there was reason to fear a repeat of the 1999 cyclone that hit nearby Orissa , killing 10,000 . Instead , good advance warning and evacuations  with help from a storm weaker than some anticipated  kept Phailin 's casualty count low . In the Philippines , many hundreds of thousands were reported to have been evacuated ahead of Yolanda . As awful as the death toll will surely be , it could just as surely have been much higher . But are population growth , development and emergency management the whole story ? Or is this disaster also related to global warming ? Well , it is . Climate scientists expect that tropical cyclones should become more powerful as the climate warms . There may or may not be more of them ; there may well be fewer . But the chance of getting one as strong as Yolanda -- the very worst kind -- may well be increasing . Global warming may already , in fact , have contributed to Yolanda 's power . We ca n't see that in the data ; the numbers and intensities of tropical cyclones naturally fluctuate too much from year to year for us to clearly identify a rising trend underneath that would show warming 's influence with certainty . But that does n't mean it 's not there . If the time comes that we can detect the warming signal in cyclone activity well enough to make definitive statements , it will be because the storms have intensified to a frightening degree -- and irreversibly so , for all practical purposes . Sea level rise is a much more certain consequence of warming , already easily detectable . That alone will make flooding -- likely Yolanda 's deadliest weapon -- a more severe consequence of storms as the sea starts higher before the surge . Today , as the Philippines reels from Yolanda , climate is not the main story . Our thoughts should be with the survivors and those rushing in to help them . The way to save people and property from tropical cyclones , in the near and medium-term , is to get them out of harm 's way -- in the days before landfall to the extent that 's possible ; and , even better , by not putting them there in the first place . But the changes we are making to the climate are not likely to help .	Typhoon caused devastating damage to parts of the Philippines Higher temperatures are likely to increase power of severe storms , says Adam Sobel Greater population living along the shore leads to bigger toll when storms strike , he says Sobel : Higher sea level , a consequence of warming , magnifies flooding
Washington  CNN  -- We 're approaching the 100th anniversary of the birthday of Ronald Reagan : February 6 , 2011 . It 's time to begin thinking seriously about an appropriate national commemoration of this good man and great president . To date , the main attempts to honor Reagan in the nation 's capital have gone askew . A government office building second in size only to the Pentagon ? An airport from which Washingtonians can not fly to California ? These do not seem very appropriate monuments to a president who fought bureaucracy and yearned for home . The other ideas that sometimes circulate in Congress seem equally misplaced : Placing Reagan on the currency or building a giant statue somewhere in Washington . More than most presidents , Reagan would have wanted to be remembered for his ideas , not his image . The right commemoration would honor those . Let me suggest something : A museum in Washington dedicated to the victims of communism . The struggle against communism impelled American foreign policy for almost half a century . That struggle was also the central concern of Ronald Reagan 's political life . As much as Reagan cared about the geopolitics of the struggle , he cared even more about the human victims of communism 's brutal totalitarian ideology . The countries of Eastern Europe are now memorializing their terrible experiences under communism . A particularly impressive museum has opened in Budapest , Hungary . But Eastern Europe did not suffer alone . Cambodia , China , Cuba , Ethiopia and Afghanistan also have their stories to tell . A "  Ronald Reagan Museum of the Victims of Communism " in Washington would ensure that these stories were kept alive and made vivid for future generations . The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington offers an outstanding example to emulate . The Holocaust Museum has emerged as one of Washington 's most-visited sites . It offers a message that is purposeful as well as mournful . It 's a message propounded from the National Archives to the Lincoln Memorial -- and a message to which Ronald Reagan devoted his political life : The principles on which the United States is built are not mere preferences . Reject those principles , and you are embarking on a nightmare that can culminate in the ultimate horrors of human injustice , oppression , cruelty and violence . As yet , the crimes of communism are appallingly minimized , excused or even condoned in the places where they were ordered , places such as Moscow , Havana , Beijing and Hanoi . Earlier this year , I had the chance to visit the one and only public remembrance of the Cultural Revolution in all China , a small museum in a park on the outskirts of a provincial city . What could be more fitting than to remember those crimes in the city that we called the capital of the free world during the struggle against communism ? And in the name of the president who not only spoke so eloquently against those crimes , but who issued the challenge that presaged communism 's downfall ? So there 's my proposal for the new Congress . Introduce a bill to authorize the development of the museum on February 6 , with a view to completing work in time for Reagan 's 110th birthday in 2021 . Instead of a statue , remember this president who so valued the individual with a monument that will restore the individuality of wronged , imprisoned and murdered millions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	The 100th anniversary of Ronald Reagan 's birth is February 6 , 2011 David Frum says Washington has honored him inappropriately , with a building , an airport He says the real monument to Reagan would be a museum honoring victims of communism Reagan 's great cause was to fight against communist regimes , Frum says
CNN  -- A manhunt was under way Saturday in Greece for two suspects who tied up a guard , stormed the Archeological Museum of Olympia , smashed glass casings and stole dozens of small statues , state media reported . The robbers took 65 to 68 clay and brass statues , and a gold ring , police spokesman Athanassios Kokkalakis said Friday , the day of the theft . Closed-circuit video footage showed the suspects as they seized about 65 statuettes , Greece 's official AMNA news agency reported . It 's the second big theft of this kind in Greece this year . Culture Minister Pavlos Geroulanos submitted his resignation after the robbery , the prime minister 's office said Friday . In January , three art works -- including a painting by Pablo Picasso and another by Piet Mondrian -- were stolen from the National Gallery in Athens . Dimitra Koutsoumba , president of the Greek Archaeologists ' Association , said Friday that the latest attack was sad and worrying . "  It is the first time that we have an armed robbery at a museum during operating hours . It shows that the cuts the Culture Ministry has made since the crisis hit in 2009 make it easier for such incidents to take place , " she said . "  The minister himself had told us that the cuts were ranging between 30 % and 35 % , and they include cuts in personnel . " She called for more importance to be placed on cultural heritage and said greater steps should be taken to protect irreplaceable items that belong to the nation . "  Such incidents are an issue of national security , " she said . "  The artifacts that were taken were mainly figurines related to the Olympics , so many were depicting athletes . " The museum , built on an ancient site in the Peloponnese peninsula , is considered among the most important in Greece . The ceremony for the lighting of the Olympic flame for the 2012 London Olympics is scheduled to take place on May 10 at the Ancient Olympia site , where the museum is located . The first Olympic Games were held in Olympia in 776 B.C. to celebrate the deity Zeus . A sanctuary at the site was dedicated to him . CNN 's Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	Two suspects are sought in the smash-and-grab robbery They tied up a guard before storming the museum They took 65 to 68 clay and brass statues , and a gold ring It 's the second big theft of this kind in Greece this year
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Rescue crews were frantically trying to find survivors possibly buried in debris Wednesday after heavy rain and floods washed through southeastern Bangladesh in the past few days , killing 95 people , police and local officials said . Most of the victims died in landslides caused by torrential rains and flash floods in the port city of Chittagong , the tourist destination of Cox 's Bazar and the hilly Bandarban district . "  We 've recovered 95 bodies so far , and the death toll may go up as many people , as claimed by the relatives , are still missing , " Divisional Commissioner of Chittagong Mohammad Serajul Huq Khan said . Khan , who serves as the administrative chief of all districts in Chittagong region , said rescuers from the army , police and fire services are assisting in the operations , which were taking place in many of the affected areas . "  Most of the people died in landslides , while drowning and lightning were the other causes of death , " Khan said . "  At least 37 died in Cox 's Bazar , 36 in Bandarban and 22 in Chittagong city . " Local officials said the flooding cut off the region from the rest of the country , shutting down roads , rail and air routes and communications . Chittagong 's Shah Amanat International Airport , one of three international airports in the country , was closed as floodwaters submerged the runway Tuesday . Airport manager Rabiul Islam said all flights were diverted to Dhaka as the runway was still inundated . Tens of thousands of people in the districts were either stranded or displaced , officials said . "  We 're marooned even in the city . ... Most of the roads are under water , and in some places , it is waist-deep , " said Abdul Momen , a businessman in Chittagong . Aslam Alam , secretary of the Disaster Management and Relief Division of the Ministry of Food and Disaster Management , said in Dhaka that many people were evacuated and the government was sending food relief to the affected areas . Crews were trying to restore communications to the region , Alam added . In 2007 , at least 126 people were killed in a landslide in Chittagong .	As many as 95 people have been killed , officials say The flooding has cut the region off from the rest of the country Runways are under water at the Shah Amanat International Airport
While their countrymen prepared to attend to the Olympic ideals of "  citius , altius , fortius " -- faster , higher , stronger -- two Russian thrillseekers traveled to China to put at least one of those to the ultimate test by scaling the as yet unfinished Shanghai Tower in the city 's financial district . The climbers were the same men who made headlines last year when they scaled the Great Pyramid at Giza , Egypt -- and later apologized when they were accused of disrespecting the ancient monuments . They recorded their exploits in Shanghai with forehead-mounted cameras , and the resulting footage , which shows their adrenaline-fueled journey from break-in to summit , is breathtaking . The video , uploaded to video sharing site Vimeo , shows two masked men wearing hoodies talking urgently in Russian as they scope out the boarded-up construction site , before slipping in . Under the cover of darkness , they make their way up to the roof of the skyscraper . The climbers , Vadim Makhorov and Vitaly Raskalov , are n't new to this type of extreme freeclimbing . Their blogs show images of climbers clambering over sites including buildings , mines and dams across Europe , the Middle East and Central and East Asia . Makharov 's blog shows a climber with a camera atop one of the pyramids outside Cairo . Raskalov told CNN that he was "  not scared " when climbing this kind of structure , although it was an "  usual situation " for him to undertake this kind of climb . Peering over the side , the upper floors of the distinctive , 492m Shanghai World Financial Center and the neighboring Jin Mao Tower  421m  can be seen in the video , peeking through low lying clouds . From their vantage point on top of the unfinished building , Raskalov and Makharov look down on the skyscrapers -- the height of the new construction dwarfing its neighbors , which had previously dominated Shanghai 's skyline . Undaunted , the pair then swing out onto a crane and continue clambering skywards . Cutting back and forth between the daredevils as they ascend the crane , the wide angled cameras show the yawning chasm beneath their sneakered feet -- neither man appears to wear any safety gear . Upon reaching the very top of the crane , one examines his hands , grimy from the long climb , and the pair high-five each other before taking the ultimate Facebook profile pic - one unlikely to ever be replicated . The 2073 ft  632 m  Shanghai Tower , when completed , will be the second - tallest in the world , after the Burj Khalifa in Dubai . When the crane jib climbed by the men is factored in , the total height scaled is estimated to be 650m . Makhorov 's blog says that the pair waited until the Lunar New Year holidays , when construction teams had left the site .	Russian thrillseekers climb unfinished skyscraper in Shanghai The same men climbed the Great Pyramid of Giza last year Breathtaking views from atop a construction crane illustrate the risks Pair 's blogs show a variety of death-defying climbs in awesome locations
Leogane , Haiti  CNN  -- More than three weeks after Haiti 's devastating earthquake , many of the makeshift camps housing thousands are starting to function as mini cities . Small markets have blossomed . Some camps have even designated mayors and security personnel . But in others , life still looks as it did days after the January 12 quake . People have only what they dug out of the rubble with their bare hands or acquired somehow else for survival . Recently seen along a row of tents in a camp in Leogane was this hodgepodge of life before and after : Turquoise hand-crocheted lace Mazola oil Ceramic jar that says : "  Fresh Cookies " Propane stove Barbie doll A black rhinestone Bebe T-shirt Boxes of "  Gourmet " spaghetti Bicycle chain John McCain bumper sticker NFL towel Teddy bear Set of disposable stacked plastic bowls Amplifiers and scavenging pigs Box of dog biscuits Aluminum cooking utensil set 32-ounce cans of tomato sauce Cotton squares Peppermint green Clarins makeup bag Plastic baby bottle Jeans turned inside out to dry Yellow flip flops Pen and ink drawing of a woman USAID bag of rice Evaporated milk Red roll-aboard luggage Blanket Wood-framed photograph Bausch and Lomb soft contact lens case Compaq computer monitor Frayed Haitian flag Crayolas Travel-size SPF 30 sunblock Pillows One dust-laden Converse hightop -- hard to tell what color	Haiti makeshift camps are starting to function like mini cities Citizens are digging out their belongings and what they need out of the rubble Everything from turquoise hand-crocheted lace to Mazola oil seen recently at camp
CNN  -- On Monday , Mitt Romney delivered what his campaign billed as a major foreign policy address , in which he sought to distinguish himself from the man he called the "  lead from behind " president . The speech at the Virginia Military Institute , which largely focused on the Middle East , served as something of a warm-up for the two remaining debates between Romney and Obama to be held later this month , one of which will focus entirely on foreign policy , while the other will deal with both domestic and national security issues . In the forthcoming debates Romney will have the tricky job of trying to position himself as tougher on national security than Obama -- who tripled the number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan during his presidency and ordered the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . Obama has also authorized six times as many drone attacks as George W. Bush did in Pakistan against suspected members of al Qaeda and the Taliban . The attacks during the Obama administration have killed at least 1,400 people , almost double the number of prisoners that were transferred to the Guantanamo Bay prison camp by the Bush administration . Obama is also the first American president to authorize the assassination of a U.S. citizen , Anwar al-Awlaki , who played an operational role in al Qaeda 's Yemeni affiliate and was killed by a US drone strike in Yemen last year . Indeed , Obama has vastly escalated the American covert war in Yemen , using CIA drones and U.S. Special Operations Forces , such as SEAL Team 6 . Criticism of Obama 's national security policies is growing on the left about the overall legality of CIA drone strikes and , in particular , the al-Awlaki killing . Fact Check : Romney 's comparison of past , present Navy pointless Given those facts , how then do you run to the right of Obama on national security ? Well , you might say that you are planning to go to war with Iran because of its advancing nuclear program . Or you might say that you will institute an American no-fly zone over Syria without a United Nations authorization for such a measure . Or that you will keep U.S. combat troops in Afghanistan well past the withdrawal date of 2014 announced by the Obama administration . The problem with such policy choices is that the American public has little appetite for more wars in the Muslim world . No such policies were mentioned in Romney 's speech on Monday , nor will they likely feature in his future debates with the president . On Monday Romney did say , regarding Syria , that his administration would "  identify and organize those members of the opposition who share our values and ensure they obtain the arms they need to defeat Assad 's tanks , helicopters , and fighter jets , " a policy that is more aggressive than providing "  nonlethal " help , such as communications equipment , which the Obama administration is already giving to Syrian opposition forces . But even this supposed distinction from Obama was less than meets the eye , as Romney did not directly say that his administration would arm the Syrian rebels . And close American allies Saudi Arabia and Qatar are already providing weapons to them . If the U.S. were to start arming the rebels directly , identifying exactly which parts of the Syrian opposition should get arms might be difficult , because the opposition is a tangled mess of many factions that even includes elements of al Qaeda . Fact Check : Was Obama ` silent ' on Iran 2009 protests ? According to Leila Hilal , a Middle East expert at the New America Foundation , there are more than 800 militias now operating in Syria , making it a complex task to sort out the ones that are both militarily viable and more aligned with American interests . In his Monday speech , Romney advanced the sensible idea that the $ 1.5 billion in yearly American aid to Egypt should be conditioned on its building up its democratic institutions and maintaining its peace treaty with Israel . But other than this good idea , Romney offered few specific policies to distinguish himself from what the Obama administration is already doing in the greater Middle East . Romney explained that he would prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons capability and would not hesitate to put more sanctions on Iran . But this is basically the position of the Obama administration , which has said it will not allow Iran to have nuclear weapons and has imposed such onerous sanctions on the country that the Iranian currency has plunged in value as much as 80 % against the dollar since the beginning of the year . On Afghanistan , Romney said he will work to transition from U.S. combat troops to Afghan security forces by the end of 2014 , which is -- the Obama administration 's policy . Romney said he would not make a "  politically timed retreat " from Afghanistan , a somewhat mystifying construction , since this year Obama negotiated a well-publicized Strategic Partnership Agreement with the Afghan government that will keep an as-yet-unspecified number of U.S. troops in Afghanistan in an advisory and counterterrorism role until 2024 . That is something that Romney did n't mention in his Monday speech and hardly suggests a precipitous Obama-led retreat from Afghanistan , which is already America 's longest war . Famously , Romney did n't mention that longest war in his acceptance speech at the Republican convention in August , so his new embrace of the Afghan War seems a tad belated . Romney 's Monday speech underlined the fact that there is more agreement than disagreement between mainstream Democrats and mainstream Republicans on foreign policy issues . Fact Check : Did Obama say he wants ` daylight ' between U.S. , Israel ? To create the illusion that there are genuine substantive policy differences , Romney enlisted the issue of trade , saying on Monday that he would "  champion free trade . ... The president has not signed one new free trade agreement in the past four years . " There have been serious critiques of Obama for not being more active in negotiating new trade deals , but to claim that he has n't signed any in the past four years is demonstrably false . In fact , the Obama administration signed trade deals with Panama , Colombia and South Korea last year , which a headline on FoxNews.com termed the "  biggest since NAFTA . " When stories on Fox undercut your claims as a Republican contender for president , you have a problem . Romney was also grasping at straws when he said on Monday that "  the size of our Navy is at levels not seen since 1916 . " That is n't really true even in the trivial , numerical sense -- but more importantly , the U.S. Navy in 1916 did not consist of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and submarines with enough nuclear weapons to wipe out life on much of the planet . The United States today has 11 aircraft carriers , while the Chinese have recently built their first one , which wo n't actually be able to handle aircraft operations for years into the future . And the overall idea that the U.S. is falling behind militarily is nonsensical . The U.S. spent more on defense in 2011 than the countries with the next 13 highest defense budgets combined . Fact Check : Has Obama ` not signed one new free-trade agreement ' ? If Monday 's speech is a preview of how Romney will handle the foreign policy debates with Obama , the president will be on much firmer ground than he was with his uncertain performance during the first debate , which focused exclusively on domestic issues .	Peter Bergen : Romney sought to draw clear line between his and Obama 's foreign policy He says Romney 's problem is Obama set a tough line with drone war , bin Laden mission Romney made sense on idea of tying Egypt aid to democracy , fulfilling peace treaty , he says Bergen : Romney trying to create illusion of substantive differences with Obama
CNN  -- A former policeman is on trial in Kansas , accused of killing his wife and setting their home on fire more than two years ago . Attorneys for Brett Seacat say his wife , Vashti , started the fire and shot herself . But prosecutors say he was upset about the dissolution of their marriage , giving him more than enough motive . On Monday , jurors heard from the Seacats ' marriage counselor , CNN affiliate KWCH reported . Connie Suderman testified that Seacat called her just hours after his wife 's death in April 2011 . "  He said , ' I killed her , Vashti is dead and it 's my fault . ' That 's what he said , " Suderman said , according to KWCH . The counselor also testified that she met with Vashti Seacat shortly before her death . She purportedly told Suderman she was worried about how her husband was handling their divorce but was happier than she 'd been in years . CNN affiliate KSN reported the counselor also testified about a conversation she and Vashti Seacat had about suicide . "  She could n't do that to her boys . She elaborated by saying that she loved being a mom . She could n't leave them . They needed her , " Suderman said . Those sentiments were echoed Monday by Vashti Seacat 's friend , Erika Head , who spoke to HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  She was very happy with her life , and she knew that things were looking up , " Head said about Seacat , saying she was "  never , ever " suicidal . Brett Seacat and the couple 's two sons were at home the night of the fire . Prosecutors and the defense differ about exactly what happened . Brett Seacat says he was sleeping downstairs and heard a noise , KWCH reported . Moments later , his wife called him on his cell phone , saying he should get their boys before they got hurt . He then purportedly heard two pops . Brett Seacat went upstairs and saw flames . He reportedly says he found his wife in their bedroom and tried to save her . But prosecutors say Brett Seacat 's story does n't makes sense . For one , he had no soot or blood on him , they say , according to KWCH , and only a small burn on his foot . He and the couple 's sons escaped from the blaze unharmed . The Seacats ' home in Kingman , Kansas , sits not far from the courthouse where Brett Seacat is standing trial . Despite extensive fire damage , the house still stands ; a brick chimney pokes out of the charred remains . "  I 'm smart enough that if I wanted to kill my wife ... I could 've come up with something better than this , " Brett Seacat told investigators about the shooting and the fire . "  This is what a crazy person does . " HLN 's Amanda Sloane contributed to this report .	Brett Seacat is on trial for allegedly killing his wife , Vashti Defense attorneys say she started the fire and shot herself Prosecutors say he was upset about the couple 's divorce
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Rapper Kanye West and his business manager must complete 50 hours of community service in exchange for the dismissal of charges stemming from a Los Angeles airport scuffle with paparazzi last year . Kanye West must complete 50 hours of community service by December 23 . West has already attended 12 hours of anger management classes and paid for the camera that was broken during the incident , his lawyer told the judge during a hearing Friday morning . Police arrested West and Don Crawley on September 11 , 2008 , after an altercation with a photographer and a cameraman who were taking their photos , airport police said . West and Crawley were later charged with three misdemeanors counts : vandalism , battery and grand theft . "  There was not a situation where there was a lot of time for either defendant to reflect on what they were doing , " said Los Angeles Superior Court Commissioner Mark Zuckman . Zuckman , who presided over Friday 's hearing , said he could take the position that "  a brief impulsive response " by West and Crawley "  does n't necessarily demonstrate a severe character flaw that needs to be addressed in a criminal case . " Still , he said , he did not want "  to send a message that ripping the camera from someone 's hand and destroying it -LSB- in -RSB- an act of vandalism is acceptable , no matter what kind of provocation caused them to be angry . There are other remedies . " Zuckman said if anyone had been injured in the incident , his decision would have been different . West and Crawley have until December 23 to complete 50 hours of community service , Zuckman said . If they do , he will dismissed the charges . If convicted , West could have faced up to two years and six months in jail , while Crawley could have faced up to five years , according to Frank Mateljan , the spokesman for the city attorney .	Rapper and his business manager must finish 50 hours of community service In exchange , charges will be dismissed in L.A. airport scuffle in 2008 Kanye West , Don Crawley had altercation with photographer , cameraman Court official : Incident does n't "  demonstrate a severe character flaw "
If it does n't sound off with that iconic click-clack keyboard sound , is it really a BlackBerry ? The company behind the former market-leading phone says yes . And it is betting a big stack of their dwindling chips that both new users and diehard "  CrackBerry " devotees will agree . On Wednesday , Research in Motion  who would simply be named BlackBerry by the time the event ended  unveiled BlackBerry 10 , a top-to-bottom overhaul of its mobile operating system . With BlackBerry 10 , struggling phone maker eyes comeback With it came two new phones . One , the BlackBerry Q10 , includes the physical keyboard that most users , or former users , consider virtually synonymous with the brand . But that one felt like little more than an afterthought . It was the Z10 -- a snazzy , touchscreen-only new phone -- that was used throughout the presentation to show off the system 's new capabilities . And BlackBerry 's website Wednesday was dominated with plugs for the Z10 , while the Q10 , like an embarrassing stepchild , was nowhere to be found . Forget the Z10 simply having fewer buttons than older BlackBerrys . With no "  home " button , it 's got fewer than the iPhone and most popular Android phones , as well . The Z10 is n't the first time BlackBerry has tried a keyboard-free device . But it 's clear they 're putting more stock in it than the ill-fated BlackBerry Storm , which hit an iPhone-dominated smartphone market with a resounding thud in 2008 . From ` CrackBerry ' to ` depressing ' : The BlackBerry 's 5-year fall "  The absolute best typing experience in the industry , period . " That 's how BlackBerry CEO Thorsten Heins touted his two new phones . Specifically , with white virtual keys and a black background , it 's one that will be familiar to users of other smartphones , who BlackBerry hopes to woo back home , as well as the brand 's current fans . "  Everything just feels like a BlackBerry typing experience , " said Vivek Bhardwaj , head of software at BlackBerry . Kevin Michaluk , editor of BlackBerry fan site CrackBerry , says a touchscreen-only experience "  may seem odd to some considering the majority of today 's 78 million communication-hungry BlackBerry subscribers are using models with a physical keyboard . " But after demoing the device , he says he 's sold . "  Now that we have logged some mileage on the BlackBerry Z10 , we 're getting it , " Michaluk wrote Tuesday . "  BlackBerry 10 has built a full touchscreen experience that even physical keyboard diehards will love . " 5 things that could make BlackBerry 10 a hit Function aside , experts say that in 2013 bringing a touchscreen device to the forefront was something BlackBerry had to do . "  The Q10 is really just a retro play to make sure they do not lose any of the 79 million users that still prefer the traditional BlackBerry keyboard , " said Scott Snyder , co-founder of mobile-strategy firm Mobiquity and author of "  The New World of Wireless : How to Compete in the 4G Revolution . " "  The Z10 is really the future vision , " he said . The Z10 may not signal the end of the physical keyboard on smartphones , he said . But it could be the beginning of the end as the last holdout evolves . "  RIM was caught off guard by this . Now they are in the mainstream , with a touch interface , for the majority of the 1 billion smartphones in the world . Only a small segment of enterprise users will continue to stay on the traditional keyboard model out of habit . " Review : BlackBerry 's Z10 and BB10 feel a generation late	With the Z10 , BlackBerry 's iconic keyboard is gone The click-clacking of keys has become a thing of the past on smartphones BlackBerry says screen still has the feel of a BB keyboard The new Q10 , with keyboard , is a "  retro play " some say
CNN  -- Investigators are pursuing several new leads in the case of a missing 5-year-old girl in Florida , they said Tuesday . Haleigh Ann-Marie Cummings , 5 , who vanished a week ago , may have been abducted , police say . The Putnam County Sheriff 's Office on Monday night searched the neighborhood of Haleigh Ann-Marie Cummings , who vanished a week ago . Deputies also searched surrounding neighborhoods . Authorities said the girl may have been abducted . Officials would n't release any details on the leads . "  Those leads , like I said , are as a result of doing the neighborhood canvass last night , and we will be following up on those leads today , " said Capt. Steve Rose of the Putnam Sheriff 's Office . Since opening the case a week ago , authorities have received more than 1,200 tips about the missing girl , 500 of them since Monday , Putnam County Sheriff Rick Ryan said . Tuesday afternoon , the sheriff 's office announced they have changed the Amber Alert they originally put out for the little girl , saying they changed the description of the clothing . "  What we need people to focus on is the face , because we do not know at this time what the clothing was at this point , " said Dominick Pape with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement . Rose said investigators also conducted a checkpoint in the area last night . Ronald Cummings ' girlfriend , 17-year-old Misty Croslin , told police she was watching Haleigh when she went missing sometime before dawn February 10 . Watch why police now question the sitter 's story " Cummings shares his double-wide mobile home with Croslin , daughter Haleigh and a 4-year-old son in Satsuma , east of Gainesville . He has said that when he returned home at 3 a.m. ET , he was surprised to see Croslin awake and asked her why she was up . Croslin waited until Cummings came home to phone 911 about the girl 's disappearance , though it 's unclear how long that wait was , authorities said . Police said last week that Croslin had tucked the girl and her brother into bed at 8 p.m. before going to sleep at 10 . The girl , boy and Croslin usually sleep in the same bed . Officials said they originally thought Haleigh may have wandered outside on her own but are now certain that she was abducted . Investigators are looking into various angles of the case , including finding out the location of 44 registered sexual offenders who live within a 5-mile radius of the Cummings home , said Lt. Johnny Greenwood of the Putnam Sheriff 's Office . A nationwide Amber Alert said the girl was last seen wearing a pink shirt and underwear .	NEW : Sheriff 's office changes description of missing girl 's clothing in Amber Alert Officers search Florida neighborhood of Haleigh Ann-Marie Cummings , 5 Investigators wo n't give details of new leads they say they 've found Girl disappeared from home last week while in teenager 's care
CNN  -- As I knelt on the bedroom floor , on the phone with 911 , I did n't understand what was happening at first . I thought something had gone wrong -- or at least that the paramedics would have plenty of time to arrive . When your wife is pregnant , no one tells you , "  By the way , she might skip labor , suddenly fall to the floor , and give birth . Oh , and the umbilical cord might be tangled around the baby 's neck five times . " But that 's what happened at our house . Minutes earlier , things had been fine . My wife thought that perhaps contractions were beginning , and it was possible -- she was about three weeks from her due date . We have a son who 's 3 years older . For his birth , she labored at home for about 16 hours before we went to the hospital , and still waited eight hours for the baby . This time , she suddenly doubled over , saying she was having intense contractions and needed me to do what I had done three years earlier -- push down on her hips to help relieve the pain . But it was n't enough . She quickly got down on all fours , moaning , and managed to get out the words , "  Call an ambulance . " I thought that meant she 'd need a stretcher to get to the hospital . Turns out , she knew that our kid had decided to come crashing into the world without all the usual fanfare . But she was hurting too much to speak . All the agony of childbirth had hit her in a single wave . I told the 911 operator about the "  glop of blood " coming out , and followed her instructions to set up towels and help my wife lie on her back -- though actually she lay on her side . Then : "  Oh my God it 's the head . It 's the head . What do I do ? I 'm holding my baby 's head ! " Most people who hear I delivered my son imagine a sitcom . If this were one , the camera would zoom over to the list of delivery plans that my wife had created with our doula . In a hospital room , she would use "  yoga techniques , " massage , a "  birth ball , " and music as pain management techniques . Best laid plans . "  OK listen , I want you to support the shoulders and hold the hips and legs firmly . And remember the baby will be slippery so do n't drop it OK ? " the 911 operator said . I reached in , palms facing up , put my pointer fingers into the baby 's armpits , and helped guide the baby out . That 's when my heart started pounding even faster , and my adrenaline went from overdrive to supersonic . The umbilical cord was snaked around the baby 's neck , tightly . Think a turtleneck with five circles . The baby 's eyes were shut and I saw no sign of breathing . As far as I knew , no sign of life . So as the operator went on reading the standard directions : "  Wrap the baby in a clean cloth or towel ... tie a shoelace tightly around the umbilical cord ... " I stopped following her . I focused on the neck . Did n't even look down to see what gender the baby was . "  Oh my God , the baby 's not breathing , " I said . "  Breathe baby , breathe . " My mind operates with briefcases of information . I opened up one filled with everything I had ever heard about real life births , including a child I know who was born not breathing for a couple of minutes . He turned out perfectly fine -- he had been getting oxygen through the umbilical cord . So I did n't want to tie it off just yet . I carefully unraveled the cord from his neck , trying not to jostle him , and placed him down on the towel . "  Let me give you CPR instructions , " the operator offered . But then , when I stroked him gently a couple of times , the baby opened his eyes , began to move , and began to breathe -- about a minute after he was out . I used a shoelace to tie off the cord just as the paramedics arrived . I picked up our 3-year-old , who was on the other side of the room for all of this , and whom I had been reassuring throughout the whole process . "  It 's OK buddy , do n't worry , everything 's fine , this just happens , " I kept telling him . Together we ran downstairs to let the paramedics in . We all ran back up to the bedroom . That 's when my wife looked at me and spoke her first words since collapsing 14 minutes earlier : "  It 's a boy . " For weeks after , that first image of my beautiful son as he emerged -- eyes closed , still , so pure in his newness -- was emblazoned on the inside of my eyelids . I saw it every time I blinked . To this day , I can still see and feel just about everything about that moment . I would n't recommend this , and it 's not something we 'd choose to do . If anything had gone wrong , the minutes it could take to get to the hospital could be the difference between life and death . But for my family , it turned out to be an incredible thing . It will always have been an experience of a lifetime , one the four of us shared -- just us . Our older child already likes to tell the story of how Daddy caught his brother , who was "  covered in red paint . " It gives me a unique connection to my son , one I 'll feel throughout our lives . Knowing that the first thing he heard upon emerging from the womb was me making sure he could breathe , that the first thing he felt was me holding him and unwrapping the cord , changes my relationship to him a little . It reinforces , in a powerful way , what just about all dads want our kids to have -- the feeling , the knowledge , that we will take care of them , protect them , provide for them . And do n't think I wo n't hold this over his head when we go through his rebellious teen phase . It 's given me a new appreciation for doctors who successfully deliver thousands of babies , and most of all for the heroics of women -- especially my wife -- in that moment , suffering through all they suffer through for the sake of bringing life into the world . I am in awe . And grateful beyond description . It 's also heightened my own awareness of the gift of life . When it 's up to you to help your kid take his first breaths , you appreciate not only his but your own in a new way . The whole adventure of life -- growing , exploring , contributing , loving , all of it -- feels more exciting and more precious . It 's easy to get caught up in the rat race , the excitement of work , and the inner drive to chase all the great things the world has to offer . We all sometimes fall into traps that make us forget to seek balance -- to try to carve out enough time for family and for just enjoying life . But in the moment I delivered my son , what matters most -- my real values and priorities -- became crystal clear . Nothing else even existed . Every time I look at him , I 'm reminded of that feeling . By being born into my arms , my son gave me the ultimate reality check . Josh will be answering your questions and discussing this story on Facebook and Twitter .	CNN 's Josh Levs delivered his son at home , just moments after his wife went into labor "  My heart started pounding even faster , and my adrenaline went from overdrive to supersonic " "  To this day , I can still see and feel just about everything about that moment "
Washington  CNN  -- Violent crime dropped nationwide last year , continuing a downward trend of more than a decade , new FBI statistics show . But in towns with populations under 10,000 , murders saw a big jump . Overall , violent crime was down 4 % , according to the Preliminary Annual Uniform Crime Report for 2011 . Numbers dropped in all categories nationwide . Murders fell by 1.9 % , while rapes , robberies and aggravated assaults declined 4 % . But the figures , provided by police agencies , show that murders jumped 18.3 % in small towns of under 10,000 . Property crime decreased slightly in 2011 -- down 0.8 % overall . Burglaries stayed almost even across the country , rising just .03 % from the previous year . But they were up 3.2 % in the Northeast and 1.3 % in the Midwest . The FBI report does not give reasons for the continuing decline . CNN 's Terry Frieden , Melissa Abbey and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	2011 Preliminary Annual Uniform Crime Report uses figures provided by police agencies Violent crime dropped 4 % last year , according to the FBI Decrease is part of decade-long decline Murders jumped more than 18 % in towns with populations under 10,000
CNN  -- When the world first met Mickey Mouse , it was as a steamboat captain , a cowboy , a wizard 's apprentice and in other roles that , while enduring , would n't exactly be considered tech-savvy to a 2013 audience . But before the famous mouse came along , Walt Disney created a character who possessed many of the traits of today 's gadget geek -- and who maintains his technological edge over Mickey to this day . Oswald the Lucky Rabbit will be familiar by now to players of "  Epic Mickey 2 : The Power of Two , " released in November , and the original title in the series from Disney Interactive Studios . And his role in the innovative video game franchise might just be spurring a renaissance 80 years in the making for the long-forgotten character . In the original game , Oswald appeared as a spurned toon jealous of Mickey 's immense popularity . He ultimately comes to see the famous mouse as a younger brother .  Oswald was created by Disney in 1927 . Mickey appeared the following year . But in their followup outing , they appear as equal partners . Becky Cline , director of the Walt Disney Archives , said despite being the older one , Oswald was much more into technology than his younger brother , Mickey . Early cartoons featuring Oswald portrayed him as a creative , mechanically inclined rabbit . "  One of his early cartoons was called ` The Mechanical Cow , ' where he builds a robot cow , " Cline said . "  The character himself is very innovative and clever . He winds up his own ears and makes himself into a helicopter , or he takes off an ear and uses it to row a canoe . " In "  Epic Mickey 2 , " the technology gap between the two characters remains . Oswald wields a radio device that allows him shoot electricity , create electrified fields and control robotic enemies . Mickey uses a magical paintbrush , allowing him to create using paint or destroy using thinner . In the game 's story , the two combine their divergent powers to save Oswald 's homeland from destruction  again  . Light Years blog : Mickey Mouse spotted on Mercury ? Creative director Warren Spector said Oswald 's evolution in the franchise has been designed to reintroduce him to fans after being absent since 1951 . His techie edge combines with physical and behavioral differences to set him apart from Mickey , Spector says . "  In the second game , they start out as allies , as companions , as collaborators , " Spector said . "  They 're still brothers , though , so there is still tension between them . Brothers always have tension , but that does n't mean they do n't work together to accomplish common goals . " Spector said the differences between the more modern Oswald and the old-school Mickey is evident in their behaviors . He describes Mickey as "  Boy Scout-like , " "  a good guy , " "  always doing the right thing . " "  Oswald is more modern in a sense , because he 's a little bit less well-behaved , a little bit quicker to anger , a little bit , dare I say , edgier , " he said . "  I think it was appropriate that he was the one who adopted the technology . " In the game , Mickey 's paintbrush is better at dealing with other cartoon characters , while Oswald 's high-tech gear more effectively takes on robots and other mechanical obstacles . "  He 's a vintage character , but he has such a modern sensibility to him , " Cline says . "  He 's kinda cool . Kids , teenagers , young people and adults , they 're all finding him appealing , and he 's a really funny character . He 's really kinda hip , actually . " Spector said outside of the game , Oswald has caught on with fans quicker than he would have imagined . "  I hope it is just a start for something bigger for Oswald , " he said . "  He is a great character and deserves a life of his own in games and not just as Mickey 's sidekick . " And none of it would have been possible if the animated techie had n't once been swapped for a football announcer . Walt Disney lost the rights to his rabbit to Universal shortly after creating him in 1927 . However , when NBC wanted to bring sports announcer Al Michaels to their Sunday night football games in 2006 , Disney had an opportunity to bring home the wayward character . While there were many other parts to the deal , it is the Oswald-for-Michaels trade that people remember "  Oswald is definitely worth more than a fourth-round draft choice , " Michaels said . "  I 'm going to be a trivia answer someday . " Oswald also , for the first time , gets a voice in "  Epic Mickey 2 . " Famed voice actor Frank Welker , who did the voice of Fred in the Scooby-Doo cartoons and was a voice double for Leonard Nimoy in "  Star Trek III : The Search for Spock , " was chosen to be the voice of the Lucky Rabbit . "  I think he 's probably the greatest living voice artist in the world , " Spector said . "  When it came to Oswald ,  begins to mimic Oswald 's voice  I hear Oswald in my head all the time , and he sounds sort of like this  normal voice  and they said what do you think about Frank Welker , and I just said yes . " For all his modern tendencies and techno toys , Spector wants people to just look at how "  cartoony -- that 's really the only word I can think of " Oswald is , a throwback to the old days of cartooning and cartoon characters . "  People have a tendency to think of Disney cartoons as being more realistic or more grounded and less anarchic and crazy and cartoony than some other studios , " he said . "  Oswald puts the lie to that . In every way that matters , Walt got there first . "	In "  Epic Mickey 2 : The Power of Two , " Oswald the Lucky Rabbit steps forward Oswald was created by Walt Disney in 1927 , a year before Mickey Mouse Designers say while Mickey 's a "  Boy Scout , " Oswald is edgier Even in the 1920s , Oswald was a gadget-obsessed techie
Tammy Baldwin made history Tuesday night -- twice . She became the first openly gay politician , and first Wisconsin woman , elected to the U.S. Senate . The seven-term Democratic congresswoman edged past former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson in a win that advocacy groups hailed as a significant stride toward bringing diversity to the Senate . Baldwin said she ran "  to make a difference " and not to make history . But she said she hopes the Senate will be more reflective of America and the "  life experience " of women . "  Having a seat at the table matters and I think we will see a Senate that is more reflective of America . We 're certainly not there yet , but this will be a change that moves us forward , " she told CNN . "  People ... see our country and our states moving toward full equality in many respects , " Baldwin said . "  When you have legislative bodies that look more like America , that happens . " Baldwin was one of many successful gay and lesbian candidates in local and state races this election cycle , which also included her successor in her legislative district in Madison , state Rep. Mark Pocan . At least 118 gay and lesbian candidates won their races as of Wednesday , according to political action committee Victory Fund , which supports gay and lesbian candidates . Political commentator Sally Kohn was ecstatic . "  This is a big day for gay women in America , and really , for all communities who are n't the typical straight , white , wealthy men elected to Congress , " she said . Share your reaction to the election There has never been an openly gay or lesbian member of the U.S. Senate , according to several LGBT advocacy groups . Baldwin is one of four openly gay House members of the 112 U.S. Congress , along with fellow Democrats Barney Frank of Massachusetts , David Cicilline of Rhode Island and Jared Polis of Colorado . "  For the LGBT person growing up in Wisconsin or anywhere across the country , seeing an openly gay woman who is able to rise up to become a senator in the U.S. Congress is an incredible role model , " said Chad Griffin , president of the Human Rights Campaign . Though Baldwin 's sexual orientation makes her victory notable , it rarely came up during the campaign , unless it was called a nonissue . The race pitted Thompson 's "  conservative leadership " platform against Baldwin 's progressive agenda . Thompson , a four-time governor and secretary of Health and Human Services under George W. Bush , said he returned to politics to make America a better place for his grandchildren . "  I wanted to so much help lead back America , " he said in his concession speech . "  To be the country of growth and opportunity . To build America for future generations . I certainly did n't need the job . And I guess I 'm not going to get it . " What started as a long shot for Baldwin eventually narrowed to a close finish , with the born-and-raised Wisconsinite capturing 51 % of the vote , according to CNN projections . "  This campaign has been run on who 's the most qualified candidate and who has the best vision for the state , " Griffin said . "  We 're eager to have her move from one side of the Capitol to another and take a seat in the chamber as the first openly gay person . " Maryland , Maine approve same-sex marriage To those watching the race , it was no surprise that Wisconsin , a state that approved a gay marriage ban six years ago , would send the first openly gay politician to the Senate . Baldwin has made no secret of her sexual orientation as she rose through local and state politics during the last two decades . When she was elected in 1998 to represent Wisconsin 's second congressional district , she was the first out candidate to be elected to the chamber , said Chuck Wolfe , president and CEO of the Victory Fund , a political action committee that supported LGBT candidates including Baldwin this election . "  The electorate already knew what they needed to know about her , and they continued to elect her every step of the way , " Wolfe said . "  She is a force with very deep roots in Wisconsin . She has a backbone of steel , but she 's polite and compassionate , and people enjoy their interactions with her . " Born and raised in the Congressional district she has represented for the past decade , Baldwin 's track record reflects a commitment to LGBT issues and diversity . As a Wisconsin representative , she was a co-founder and co-chairwoman of the Congressional LGBT Equality Caucus , leading efforts to advance the Employment Non-Discrimination Act and other civil rights initiatives . She also led successful efforts in the House in 2009 to pass expanded hate crimes legislation and was the lead author of legislation to extend benefits to same-sex partners of federal employees . "  Tammy has been a driving force because of her ability to tackle issues without having to use double-speak , " Wolfe said . "  Having someone like her in the Senate changes the tone and tenor of this discussion . " Democrats keep control of Senate Others are hopeful that more women in Congress will change the discussion of policies affecting women and families . Women in the 112th Congress made up 17 % of both the Senate and the House , according to the Center for American Women and Politics . "  A lot of research has shown that more women in leadership leads to better outcomes for the community , " said Tiffany Dufu , president of The White House Project , which trains women for leadership . "  We know that women in political leadership reach across the aisle more often and are inclusive when it comes to taking constituents into consideration . They care deeply not just about the outcome , but the process , " she said . "  For us , the biggest thing about Tammy Baldwin is her visibility . You ca n't be what you ca n't see . " How the election unfolded	Tammy Baldwin one of at least 118 successful gay and lesbian candidates this election Baldwin says her victory means states are "  moving toward full equality " She won a Senate seat over former Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson Campaign watchers : Race rooted in voter issues , not sexual orientation
CNN  -- North Korea is raising the temperature on its neighbors , saying in its latest threat that it would not give any warning before any attack on South Korea . "  Our retaliatory action will start without any notice from now , " Pyongyang said in a statement published Tuesday by its official news agency , KCNA . North Korea said it was responding to what it called insults from the "  puppet authorities " in the South , claiming that there had been a rally against North Korea in Seoul -- a rally it called a "  monstrous criminal act . " The renewed menacing rhetoric came a day after North Koreans celebrated the birthday of their country 's founder , Kim Il Sung , who launched the Korean War . Kim Min-seok , a spokesman for the South Korean Defense Ministry , said the latest threat from the North was regrettable . Amid concern that Pyongyang could carry out a missile test , Kim Min-seok said South Korea continued to closely monitor the North 's military movements . Also Tuesday , a U.S. Marine helicopter participating in annual joint military exercises in South Korea made a hard landing in a province that borders North Korea , the U.S. military said . The drills by South Korean and U.S. forces have upset North Korea , as they have done in previous years . Pyongyang has suggested that the routine exercises , which are scheduled to continue until the end of the month , are tantamount to a declaration of war . The 21 personnel on board the CH-53E Super Stallion helicopter , which was making routine flights as part of the exercises when it came down , were taken to a hospital at the United States ' Yongsan Garrison in South Korea , the military said in a statement . Fifteen have been released from the hospital , and the other six are in stable condition , the statement said . The military said it would carry out an investigation "  to determine the facts and circumstances surrounding this incident . " The five crew members of the helicopter are from the 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit , stationed in Okinawa , Japan . Conditions for talks A North Korean foreign ministry spokesman dismissed U.S. calls for talks as "  nothing but a crafty ploy " to deflect blame for the rising tensions , in a statement published by KCNA Tuesday . The United States urging dialogue is like a robber "  calling for a negotiated solution while brandishing his gun , " it said . On Monday , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry had urged the regime in Pyongyang to ditch its nuclear program and put a lid on its fiery rhetoric if it wants to hold talks . "  The United States has made clear many times what the conditions are for our entering talks , and they have n't changed , " Kerry said in an interview with CNN 's Jill Dougherty in Tokyo . "  The conditions have to be met where the North has to move towards denuclearization , indicate a seriousness in doing so by reducing these threats , stop the testing and indicate it 's actually prepared to negotiate , " he said . Kerry was speaking at the end of a three-day trip that focused on securing fresh commitments from South Korea , China and Japan to try to persuade Pyongyang to return to the negotiating table and renounce nuclear weapons . His visit followed weeks of dramatic threats by Kim Jong Un 's regime , including that of a nuclear strike on the United States and South Korea . The White House announced Monday that South Korean President Park Geun-hye will visit President Barack Obama in Washington on May 7 . "  President Park 's visit underscores the importance of the U.S.-ROK  Republic of Korea  alliance as a linchpin of peace and security on the Korean Peninsula and in the Asia Pacific region , and of the central role of alliances in the President 's Asia-Pacific rebalancing effort , " the White House said in a statement . There is uncertainty about how advanced the North 's nuclear weapons program is , but Kerry reiterated Monday the U.S. government view that Pyongyang does n't yet have the capacity to carry out a nuclear attack . Last month , North Korea scrapped the 1953 truce that effectively ended the Korean War and said it was nullifying the joint declaration on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula . It also recently pledged to restart a reactor at its main nuclear complex that had been shut down under an agreement reached in October 2007 during talks with the United States , South Korea and four other countries . Kerry said Monday that the United States is concerned that North Korea 's dogged pursuit of its nuclear weapons program could have consequences elsewhere in the world . "  It is the belief of President Obama , myself and the administration that what happens here also has an impact on perceptions in places like Iran , the Middle East and elsewhere where we 're engaged in nonproliferation efforts , " he said . Pyongyang insists that its nuclear weapons are a necessary deterrent because of the threat posed to it by the United States and its allies . ` No more artificial negotiations ' Multilateral talks on North Korea 's nuclear program have ended in failure in the past , and Kerry said the United States is n't interested in going over old ground . "  We 're not going to go through another cycle of artificial negotiations that are geared to simply attract some kind of aid or lull in events while they continue to pursue their devices ' designs , " he said . A U.S. State Department official said Monday that there are no plans to move toward direct talks , "  because North Korea has shown no willingness to move in a positive direction . " On Sunday , Pyongyang rejected a different proposal for dialogue , one by South Korea last week regarding the North 's suspension of activity at the manufacturing zone that the two countries jointly operate . A statement via KCNA called the South 's offer a "  crafty trick " and "  empty words without any content . " Kerry 's trip finished on one of the biggest dates on the North Korean calendar : "  The Day of the Sun , " when citizens celebrate the birthday of Kim Il Sung , remembered as the "  eternal president . " He died in 1994 and would have been 101 this year . Current leader Kim Jong Un paid tribute Monday to Kim Il Sung , his grandfather , as well as his late father , Kim Jong Il , by visiting the halls where both men lie in state . It was believed to be the young leader 's first public appearance in two weeks . Kerry said in Beijing over the weekend that the United States and China are calling on North Korea to refrain from any provocative steps , including any missile launches . Pyongyang made good on its promise to launch a long-range rocket around the time of Kim Il Sung 's birthday last year ; the rocket broke apart after launch and fell into the sea . North Korea has made more threats since then . It launched a rocket in December that apparently put a satellite into orbit , and in response , the U.N. Security Council approved broadening sanctions against the country . Angered by those sanctions , Pyongyang announced in January that it was planning its third nuclear test and more long-range rocket launches as part of what it called a new phase of confrontation with the United States . It carried out an underground nuclear bomb test in February , resulting in even tougher sanctions . Those measures , along with the joint U.S.-South Korean military exercises in South Korea , prompted an intensification in the North 's threats . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Melissa Gray , K.J Kwon , Esprit Smith , Elizabeth Joseph and Tim Schwarz contributed to this report .	NEW : North Korea says U.S. calls for talks are "  nothing but a crafty ploy " to shift blame North Korea says it would not give notice before attacking South Korea A U.S. Marine helicopter makes a hard landing in South Korea John Kerry says North Korea needs to show it is serious about denuclearization
CNN  -- Of course the TV series Miami Vice seems dated now , but it 's not just because Don Johnson 's white Armani suits and slip-on shoes belong to a mercifully bygone era . The fact is , Miami is no longer the same city as the one portrayed in the 1980s cop show . Party time in Little Havana . The expansive sandy beaches are still there , as is the surfeit of sunshine , the hint of the exotic and the hordes of sun-hungry tourists who have flocked to this holiday hotspot for the last 80 years . But Miami has shed much of its unwanted baggage from the 80s and has grown beyond a resort town into something more substantial . Still barely 100 years old , Miami was a tourist destination almost from its inception . The offshore sandbar called Miami Beach was quickly recognized as having all the ingredients of a world-class holiday resort and the hotel-building spree that took place in the 1920s and 30s has left Miami Beach with hundreds of stunning Art Deco structures that give the area its distinctive look By the 1980s , as well as being the destination of choice for holiday makers , retirees and ` snowbirds '  Canadians and northern Americans wintering in Florida  , Miami had attracted an uninvited guest -- the ` cocaine cowboy . ' Miami 's proximity to South America made it a key point of entry for Colombian cocaine smugglers and the city became a battleground for ruthless drug barons intent on grabbing their piece of the American Dream . The mid 80s was the Miami Vice era , when the city 's reputation for glamour and hedonism came with a side order of carjackings and gangland shootouts . But by the mid 90s , Miami had largely driven the cocaine cowboys out of town and hoteliers like Ian Schrager began converting some of those Art Deco classics into sophisticated boutique hotels fit for the international jet set . The guns may have gone but the glitz was never far away . Now that Miami 's been to rehab and come out cleaned up and healthy , it turns out there 's more to the city than glitzy nightclubs and the surgically enhanced bodies of the beautiful people . Miami has acquired a reputation as the new kid on the block in the modern art scene , a reputation that was cemented when the world 's most prestigious modern art fair , Art Basel , arrived in the city in 2002 . Just like the snowbirds , Art Basel returns to Miami each winter and the Wynwood neighborhood has now become a bona fide art district , with exclusive galleries showcasing cutting-edge art all year round . Nearby , the Design District is full of studios and workshops producing contemporary furniture and art . Then there 's the fact that Miami is one of the most cosmopolitan cities in the world , with some 60 % of the population born outside the U.S. . The food , music , culture and language of Latin America have all become part of modern Miami , giving the city a cultural heritage that belies its youth . But do n't think Miami 's reinvention as a cultural destination has done anything to dent it 's appetite for the good times . When it comes to partying , there 's not many places that can keep up with Miami , and even fewer that can do it with as much style . In truth , there 's still a touch of the old Vice about Miami , and who knows , with the 80s revival , we may not have seen the last of those white suits .	Miami has shed its 80s reputation for carjackings and ` cocaine cowboys ' Wynwood and the Design District are up-and-coming arts neighborhoods The language and culture of Latin America are part of modern Miami Miami still attracts the international jet set and is a party city like no other
CNN  -- Greece may be in an economic mess these days , but the ancient gods are back in vogue , at least in Hollywood , where the success of "  300 " and "  Percy Jackson " novelist Rick Riordan has not gone unnoticed . Combine that with today 's computer-generated visuals , which allow you to conjure up armies of extras at the press of a button , and "  Immortals " virtually writes itself .  In fact the dour , humorless screenplay is credited to Charley and Vias Parlapanides . Less "  300 2 " than "  300 3D , " "  Immortals " is a sledgehammer action spectacle interspersed with bouts of enervating pseudo-philosophical discourse and moments of fine visual embellishment . Rising star Henry Cavill  "  The Tudors " and Zack Snyder 's "  Man of Steel "  is Theseus , a Hellenic commoner who never knew his father , but who has found a kindly mentor in a wise old man who schools him in sword fighting , ethics and such . What Theseus does n't know is that the old guy  played by John Hurt on Earth and Luke Evans when mortal eyes are n't peeking  is actually Zeus , the king of the gods , who has been grooming the lad to lead the Hellenics against the onslaught of the blood-thirsty Hyperion  Mickey Rourke  . If Hyperion gets his mitts on the Bow of Epirus  archery 's answer to a ballistic missile  , he 'll free the Titans and all hell will break loose . Why does n't Zeus intervene directly ? Apparently that 's against the divine rules , though the Olympians are n't above bending them whenever Hyperion seems on the verge of a decisive blow . Wearing scrummy gold outfits that would n't look out of place in a Vegas toga party , the gods are the Hellenics ' pinch-hitters supreme . Director Tarsem Singh  "  The Fall , " "  The Cell "  is a fabulist ; more than anything , he wants his images to shine . And they do , in places . A vision of celestials locked in permanent heavenly combat -- inspired by the Sistine Chapel -- is simply breathtaking .  It 's virtually the last thing we see in the movie , but before you shout "  spoiler , " it 's also the poster image .  The costume and design are often out of this world . And yet the movie 's landscape is a disappointingly barren digital domain , the same gray cliffs , deserts and seas familiar from "  300 " and so many game-worlds . It 's not just that this is visually blah  though it is  , it 's also as inherently artificial and airless as any studio movie of the 1930s or 40s . When Singh 's camera catches a sun-flare at morning or dusk , it 's supposed to imbue the shot with a sense of reality . But because that sunbeam is patently just another digital effect , it actually accomplishes the opposite : it falsifies the actors ' environment and reminds us this is n't really happening .  I counted the trick three times . To my eyes , the 3D only makes the movie look phonier ; the actors often seem to exist in a different visual plane to their surroundings . They might as well be performing in front of cardboard flats . Still , in Rourke , Cavill , Evans , Stephen Dorff  as Theseus ' sidekick Stavros  , and Frieda Pinto  as the so-called "  Virgin Oracle "  , Tarsem has cast actors strong or pretty enough to hold us through the movie 's turgid breast-beating , grisly violence and numbskull plotting . There are n't many flicks that Mickey Rourke ca n't perk up , and here he 's adorned in the full enchilada , even more scars than nature intended , a shimmering silver face mask , and a bonnet that seems to have been modeled on a Venus flytrap . Another  this is a heck of a mad-hatter 's movie  has horns like a lobster claw -- or a jackass . In short , the plumage is eye-catching but the meat does n't have much flavor . The stuff of legend it ai n't .	The film stars Henry Cavill who will also be the "  Man of Steel " John Hurt and Luke Evans share the role of Zeus , king of the gods The movie offers the usual special effects , but reviewer says it 's "  visually blah "
CNN  -- The last time Mill Ends Park was in the news , it was full of teeny-tiny plastic police officers , a whole lot of teeny-tiny protest signs , and one scrawny evergreen tree . That 's the kind of place it is , all 452 square inches of it . What 's billed as the world 's smallest park , tucked inside a concrete circle just 2 feet across , is a quirky Portland kind of place . It 's the site of itty-bitty protests -- including that 2011 Occupy Portland protest covered by CNN affiliate KATU -- teensy-weensy swimming pools and way small diving boards -- for the diminutive butterflies , of course . And then , for a short time it seems , someone stole its lone tree . The diminutive evergreen disappeared sometime last week from the downtown street-corner park , KATU reported , citing the Portland Parks and Recreation Department . It was more of a crisis than you might think : The place is also reputedly the home of leprechaun Patrick O'Toole , whom the late Oregon Journal columnist Dick Fagan claimed granted him a wish of having his own park . According to the parks department , Fagan planted flowers in an unused hole in the median outside his newsroom office way back in 1948 . He frequently wrote about it in the years before his death in 1969 , frequently weaving in fanciful tales involving O'Toole and other leprechauns , according to numerous accounts of the celebrated little park . The city took it over on St. Patrick 's Day in 1976 , and good-natured park workers have tended to the tiny plot ever since . So , on discovering the tree was gone , of course they quickly scraped up $ 3.25 for a new one , hurried downtown and planted the replacement before the notoriously fickle-tempered leprechaun could make any trouble , KATU reported . The new tree is a Douglas fir sapling , CNN affiliate KPTV reported . "  It was important to replace it so the leprechaun there had some shade from the sun , " a suitably deferential park official , Mark Ross , told KATU . But just after the tiny replacement tree was planted , the old tree returned . A driver noticed the diminutive tree Friday "  roots and all , lying on its side just outside the park , " Portland Parks & Recreation said . Some wondered if tree bandit had felt remorse . "  Whatever the motivation , we are relieved , " says Portland Parks & Recreation Director Mike Abbate . But police were still on the case . "  Remorse does not mean case closed ' , " says Portland Police Bureau Sergeant Pete Simpson . "  We will pursue ... our investigation and hope that justice is served , and served swiftly " . Read more about the theft at KGW Read KATU 's special on the park from 2011 CNN 's Jake Carpenter contributed to this report .	A tiny Portland , Oregon , park loses its only tree to theft At just 2 feet across , Mill Ends Park is billed as the world 's smallest A newspaper columnist started the park in an abandoned street light hole in 1948 The city took it over in 1976
CNN  -- Spaniard Igor Anton claimed the most prestigious win of his cycling career as he took the 14th stage of the Giro d'Italia Saturday which finished on the feared Monte Zoncolan climb . He finished 33 seconds clear of his compatriot Alberto Contador , who increased his advantage in the overall classification after distancing Italy 's Vincenzo Nibali in the closing stages . Contador leads Liquigas star Nibali by three minutes 20 seconds with Euskatel 's Anton rewarded for his bold ride by moving into third place , just a second behind . The stage from Lienz in Austria had originally been scheduled for 210km but was shortened on Friday when race organizers bowed to pressure from the teams to remove Monte Crostis , with its steep and narrow 15km descent , from the route . It was further reduced while racing was in progress to bypass a fans ' protest on the revised route . It left the main action for the winding and narrow Zoncolan , with Saxo Bank 's Contador easily covering any threats to his pink jersey . But Anton , who started the day seventh on overall classification , took advantage to ride clear for his first grand tour win since crashing out while leading the Tour of Spain last year . Nibali , who went on to claim victory in Spain for his first win in a major tour , bravely battled to stay with the all-conquering Contador , but in the closing kilometre lost valuable time .	Igor Anton of Spain wins prestigious 14th stage of the Giro d'Italia Anton finishes 33 seconds clear of Alberto Contador who increases overall lead Vincenzo Nibali claims third place on stage which finished on Zoncolan climb
CNN  -- Three days after Asiana Airlines Flight 214 crash landed at San Francisco International Airport with the loss of two lives , there is still no official explanation for what caused the incident . Officials have said the Boeing 777 , which had flown from Seoul in South Korea , was traveling slower than recommended on its final approach , though it could be months before a definite cause for this is determined . Before that an expert team of air crash investigators must complete a thorough analysis of the events leading up to the crash . CNN looks at how such an investigation works . Interactive : What happened with Asiana Flight 214 ? Who 's in charge of the investigation ? According to international protocol , air crash investigations are handled by the country in which a crash occurs . In the United States , the National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  is the government agency that investigates all major aviation accidents . Its purpose is to explain accidents and provide safety recommendations . Since it was formed in 1967 , the NTSB has completed more than 132,000 aviation accident investigations , with most taking weeks or even months to complete . Did passengers ignore safety messages ? What happens after a crash ? In the first hours after a major accident occurs , the NTSB deploys a "  go-team " of technical experts , who are on call 24/7 with their bags packed . "  Once they arrive , it 's like police arriving on a crime scene , " explained Tom Ballantyne , a journalist and aviation expert . The area must be secured , and all evidence must be documented , mapped , and collected . Two of the most important pieces to recover are the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder -- more commonly known as the "  black box . " Both devices are designed to survive extreme impacts . In the exhaustive investigation that follows , all factors -- mechanical , operational , and human performance -- are taken into account . Here , the NTSB relies largely on other parties , including the airline involved , the aircraft 's manufacturer , and in the case of international flights , investigators from the airline 's home country , to help examine evidence . In the case of Flight 214 , Asiana will be expected to provide "  whatever information is demanded of it , " according to Ballantyne . Boeing will provide technical expertise during the examination of the aircraft , while South Korean investigators will offer insight from the Korean perspective , as well as assistance with translation -- especially when questioning passengers and crew . "  The NTSB essentially acts as a coordinating body for other parties , " explained Todd Curtis , a former Boeing air safety engineer . "  Everyone else is playing a support role . " Because of the large amount of evidence , the NTSB never speculates prematurely . "  First guesses are often wrong , " said retired pilot Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , who successfully ditched a U.S. Airways flight in New York 's Hudson River in 2009 after the aircraft was disabled when flying through a flock of geese . "  There are so many factors that could potentially impinge on this -- we do n't even know what they are yet , " he cautioned . What happens to the pilots after a crash ? Although air crash investigations can seem a lot like the TV show "  CSI , " though in the United States a crash is not legally considered a crime scene unless terrorism or sabotage is suspected early on . "  The pilot is free to go to his hotel after the crash , " said Ballantyne . "  He will receive assistance from his airline and his pilot 's union . " But shortly after an incident , the NTSB interviews the pilots and then compares their stories with data from the plane 's voice and data recorders to construct a picture of the plane 's last moments . Ballantyne said investigators are "  certainly prioritizing what happened in the cockpit , " as they seek to explain why Flight 214 crash landed . Sullenberger said investigators will be looking at human factors , such as fatigue â $ " though he stressed it is far too early in the investigation to rule this in or out . "  When they landed in San Francisco at 11.30 in the morning , it was 3.30 am on their body clocks -- a low point of alertness . " How do passenger and eyewitness accounts help ? The NTSB works quickly to interview survivors and eyewitnesses after a crash . "  These statements can corroborate flight data , and even fill in gaps , " said Curtis . "  Remember , a black box does n't get you photographic data . Sometimes the only visual recording device that we have is people 's eyeballs , " he said . "  One interesting question for investigators to ask people might be : ` when did you start seeing smoke and flames inside the cabin ? ' That would be helpful with the sequencing of events . " Additionally , the NTSB tries to collect as much photo and video of the crash as possible . "  Nowadays when people are filming with cell phones and iPads , all that footage becomes a crucial part of the investigation , " said Ballantyne . Flight attendants hailed as heroes How long until we find out what happened with Flight 214 ? The investigation will likely take many months . "  We have n't even figured out how big the puzzle is going to be , much less how many pieces there are and how they will fit , " said Sullenberger . "  This is a painstaking , methodical , analytical process . "  One way of describing this whole investigatory process is that these investigators are in charge of writing a non-fiction detective story that may take a year to complete . It may eventually have 1,000 pages . " But Sullenberger said investigators have "  a huge advantage " in this case . "  The plane and most of its components have landed on an airport and are immediately accessible . It 's not on the floor of the south Atlantic like Air France 447 . They have the crew members who survived and are able to be interviewed ... It makes it much more likely that we will eventually find out exactly what happened , how it happened , and why it happened . " Curtis said he is also confident about the process . "  The United States has a habit of spending whatever it takes to finish an air crash investigation . When Trans World Airlines Flight 800 crashed into the Atlantic in 1996 , we had thousands of government agents , a little army of people taking wreckage off of the ocean floor . "  So in this case , I 'm certain we 'll find everything we need for a definitive conclusion . They will have plenty of everything they need to get this thing done . " Shock and survival : Plane crash through the eyes of children	Official : Asiana Flight 214 was traveling slower than was recommended Air crash investigators must complete analysis of events leading up to crash National Transportation Safety Board investigating Asiana incident Investigators will look at all factors , from mechanical to human
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Even by the standards of the anything-goes MTV Video Music Awards , Kanye West 's hijacking of country-pop sweetheart Taylor Swift 's speech at the Sunday night ceremony was particularly brutal . Kanye West takes the microphone from Taylor Swift at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday . The pre-show buzz had focused on the highly anticipated tribute to the late Michael Jackson , but West 's disruption stole the spotlight . A giddy Swift was in the midst of her acceptance speech for Best Female Video when the often-mercurial West rushed onstage , grabbed her microphone and let loose an outburst on behalf of singer Beyonce Knowles , who had lost out in that category . But audiences who stayed tuned until the end of the broadcast were treated to a touching bookend : Knowles , the night 's top winner , invited Swift onstage and gave the teen singer her moment in the spotlight . Watch Kanye interrupt Swift , Beyonce react " "  I remember being 17 years old , up for my first MTV award with Destiny 's Child , and it was one of the most exciting moments of my life , " Knowles said , referring to the girl group with which she had her start . "  So I would like for Taylor to come out and have her moment . " Speaking to reporters later , Swift was understated about her take on the disruption . "  I was excited to be onstage because I just won the award . And then I was excited that Kanye West was onstage . Then , I was n't excited anymore , " she said . Watch Swift 's reaction after disruption " MTV told journalists the West-Swift incident was not planned -- a point it had to stress after a walkout by singer Eminem at last year 's event turned out to be staged . Hip-hop superstar West , who was pictured before the ceremony swigging a bottle of Cognac , was escorted from the building after the rant , the network said . Soon after , an apology to Swift appeared on his blog : "  I 'm sooooo sorry to Taylor Swift and her fans and her mom , " the message said in all caps . "  I spoke to her mother right after and she said the same thing my mother would 've said . She is very talented ! ... I 'm in the wrong for going on stage and taking away from her moment ! " So went the 2009 edition of the awards , a show that is historically less remembered for its winners than for its antics . And as usual , the Sunday night spectacle , hosted by a not-particularly funny Russell Brand , delivered : • Pink dangled upside down from the rafters as she belted out "  Sober " -- upping the ante from last year , when she shimmied down a bed sheet from a second-story fire escape . • Lady Gaga , apparently pressing home her feelings about celebrity photographers , dabbed at fake blood that dripped from her ribcage and smeared it on her face as she sang "  Paparazzi . " • And Swift took the subway , from the 42nd Street station to a stage outside the show venue Radio City Music Hall , all the while singing "  You Belong With Me . " See guests arrive to awards show " The ceremony was as much an awards show as a reverential tribute to Michael Jackson , who died on June 25 . Madonna got the evening off to a bittersweet beginning as she recounted how she forged a friendship with the singer and how they gradually grew distant . "  When Michael Jackson was 6 , he became a superstar and was perhaps the world 's most beloved child . When I was 6 , my mother died , " she began . "  I think he got the shorter end of the stick . I never had a mother , but he never had a childhood . " After Madonna 's tribute , an army of dancers re-created dance moves from several of Jackson 's music videos . Watch highlights from the show " As his single "  Scream " beamed from a large overhead screen , Jackson 's sister Janet came out and sang along to the only duet the siblings recorded . The show also gave fans their first look at "  This Is It , " a behind-the-scenes documentary of Jackson 's final three months . The two-and-a-half-minute trailer made clear the elaborate comeback show the singer was planning before he died . But the much-publicized sneak peek was overshadowed by Kanye West 's tantrum . "  Taylor , I 'm really happy for you , and I 'm gon na let you finish , but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time , " he said , snatching the microphone from Swift after she had won her award . Swift stood onstage , speechless , clutching her award . The cameras panned to a shocked Beyonce , while the audience booed and later chanted "  Taylor . " Though Beyonce later afforded the teen singer another opportunity to finish her speech , the West backlash had begun . "  F -- u Kanye , " said a tweet on Katy Perry 's Twitter feed . "  It 's like you stepped on a kitten . " Pink 's Twitter feed made several references to the incident . "  Kanye west is the biggest piece of s -- on earth . Quote me , " one tweet said . Of course , West is no stranger to award show outbursts . He made a similar uninvited appearance onstage at the 2006 MTV Europe Music Awards when he was snubbed for his single "  Touch the Sky . " He leaped onstage , saying his video deserved to win because it "  cost a million dollars and Pamela Anderson was in it . " On his blog Sunday , West pleaded his case : "  I gave my awards to Outkast when they deserved it over me , " he said , referring to the 2007 BET Awards , when he tried to give his trophy to the band . "  I 'm not crazy y' all , I 'm just real . "	Kanye West interrupts Taylor Swift 's acceptance speech , apologizes on blog Beyonce Knowles later gives Swift a chance to finish her remarks Madonna pays bittersweet tribute to the late Michael Jackson Janet Jackson dances in high-energy salute at Radio City Music Hall
CNN  -- A 6.6-magnitude earthquake struck early Sunday in the western Pacific off Papua New Guinea , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The tremor did not immediately prompt any tsunami warnings by the U.S. National Weather Service 's Pacific Tsunami Warning Center or the Japan Meteorological Agency . The Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission Tsunami Programme , which is affiliated with the United Nations , likewise said historical data suggests there is "  no destructive widespread tsunami threat . " "  However , earthquakes of this size sometimes generate local tsunamis that can be destructive along coasts located within a hundred kilometers of the earthquake epicenter , " the IOC said in a bulletin . "  Authorities in the region of the epicenter should be aware of this possibility and take appropriate action . " The quake was centered 70 kilometers  43.5 miles  deep under the ocean floor , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It happened shortly after 6 a.m. Sunday  4 p.m. ET Saturday  . The epicenter was about 33 kilometers south-southeast of Taron , in the eastern part of Papua New Guinea . The island nation 's capital of Port Moresby was some 850 kilometers away . There were no immediate reports of damage due to the quake .	NEW : An international group warns such a quake can "  generate local tsunamis " The quake struck around 6 a.m. Sunday local time It hit about 37 kilometers from Taron in eastern Papua New Guinea
CNN  -- One hot mess . That 's what you 'll see on the front page of any leading e-commerce site in China . There 's a maddening array of banner ads , rows upon rows of links , icons touting promotions and discounts . It 's a jarring user interface that seems to bring out the worst in Web design . And it was designed that way . "  They want this shopping atmosphere , " says Yu Gang , chairman and founder of Yihaodian , one of China 's leading online retailers . "  Our consumers like a page that is very crowded , busy with a lot of links so they can open lots of windows at the same time . " David Wei , China tech investor and former CEO of e-commerce giant Alibaba , could n't agree more : "  When I worked for Alibaba , I cleaned the homepage to an international standard . It does n't work . " Ahead of the upcoming Alibaba IPO , I got the full download from China 's e-commerce insiders for CNN 's "  On China . " They tell me that in the mad , mad world of mainland e-commerce , the rules of the road from the West simply do n't apply . The superlative stats are well known : China has the world 's largest online population with over 591 million Internet users . China is the world 's second-largest online retailing market , clocking in up to $ 210 billion in sales in 2012 . Taobao , Alibaba 's consumer e-commerce engine , boasts sales bigger than eBay and Amazon combined . The scale of China 's e-commerce market is tantalizing . But it 's also a tough one to crack due in part to inadequate delivery services throughout the country . "  The logistics industry is very fragmented in China , with the likes of UPS and FedEx in China still unable to provide nationwide coverage and quality service , " Yu points out . As such , many Chinese e-commerce companies including Yihaodian provide their own last mile delivery to reach customers with a network of mopeds and motorcycles . Another point of distinction is the extremely social nature of their customer base . "  Social media is a big one in China , " says Oliver Rust , senior vice president at Nielsen . "  Fifty percent of consumers in China are leveraging social media to learn about new products . " "  Retailers need to engage in this social conversation and interact with China 's tech-savvy consumers who are increasingly open to boosting e-commerce spending . " And that does n't just mean opening a branded Weibo account . Online chatting between customers and merchants is the norm with instant messaging embedded in almost every e-commerce platform . But do n't let all the friendly shop talk fool you . The business is brutal . When David Wei was at the helm of Alibaba , he led the offensive to undermine and defeat eBay in China . "  When Taobao fought against eBay , we listed the top ten things eBay was doing in China -- and we did it 100 % differently , " he tells me . So while eBay charged for its listing fees , Taobao offered no listing fee at all . While eBay used an auction model to rank its listings , Taobao used a retail model to rank fresher listings at the top . And while eBay limited communication between merchants and customers , Taobao created an instant messaging tool to encourage buyer-seller communication . Ebay eventually shut its main website in China . "  The top ten things , the most important things eBay was doing , their winning elements , their winning recipe in the United States , actually became the poison killing their business in China , " says Wei . So if you 're a brand manager , investor , or entrepreneur eyeballing the market , observe with an open mind and proceed with caution . In China , e-commerce is a bloodsport .	Homepages of leading e-commerce sites look jarring for a reason Rules of West simply do n't apply , writes CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout China has the world 's largest online population with over 591 million Internet users
CNN  -- Pakistan was aware of increased U.S. intelligence activity in the country weeks before the raid that killed Osama bin Laden in May , an Arab diplomat with direct knowledge of the events and a senior Pakistani official told CNN Saturday . The two sources offered slightly different versions of who knew what , when . The diplomat , who wished to remain anonymous because he is not authorized to speak publicly , said Pakistan knew about the heightened intelligence activity , specifically in the city of Abbottabad , but "  never , never had any idea the operation was about bin Laden . " The diplomat was approached privately by a Pakistani to inquire about heightened U.S. intelligence-gathering activities . He said it was assumed Pakistan was asking all Arab allies . Meanwhile , the senior Pakistani official , who was not authorized to speak publicly on intelligence matters , said Pakistan was indeed aware of "  heightened CIA activity in Pakistan " in the weeks prior to the raid , but that the information officials had was not "  Abbottabad specific . " "  If folks in Islamabad had been able to pinpoint Abbottabad , they would have done something about it , " the official said . Relations between Pakistan and the United States have been increasingly strained since bin Laden was killed in a Navy SEAL raid in early May . U.S. officials believe Pakistan is not doing enough to go after al Qaeda and other extremists , while the Pakistanis are upset with what they consider to be unilateral steps taken by the United States within their borders . Washington did not give advance notice to Pakistani officials about the raid on bin Laden 's compound in Abbottabad . Senior U.S. officials also suspect that some in Pakistan helped bin Laden live there . CIA Director Leon Panetta reportedly has told legislators that Pakistan was either involved in helping the world 's most wanted fugitive avoid detection or was incompetent for not knowing he was living on Pakistani soil . The Arab diplomat said he is sure officials in Pakistan "  had no idea where bin Laden was . " He also said "  it was always clear Zawahiri was going to replace bin Laden , " referring to Ayman al-Zawahiri , the longtime deputy to bin Laden who is thought to have taken over leadership of al Qaeda . "  It 's not in their culture to go with someone else . They  al Qaeda  value loyalty , " the diplomat said . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : A second source says Pakistanis were aware of heightened activity , but did not pinpoint it to Abbottabad Pakistan knew about the intelligence activity in the city Abbottabad , first source says Pakistani officials did not suspect the uptick in activity was tied to Osama bin Laden , first source says The relationship between Pakistan and the United States is increasingly strained
Washington  CNN  -- The convenience store near my house is where I first became aware of the problem . There , an overweight girl , maybe 10 years old , had just persuaded her mother to buy her potato chips and a Slurpee . It was 11:15 at night . From that moment forward , I saw overweight and obese kids everywhere : At church , in Wal-Mart , at the movies . Everywhere . It was n't always this way . In fact , obesity rates for kids have tripled over the last three decades , according to a widely circulated report that appeared in the Academic Pediatrics journal late last summer . Moreover , the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and nonpartisan government surveys say that one out of every three children in America is overweight or obese . Think about that : One in three . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention uses body mass index -- a formula that considers height , weight , age and gender -- to determine if a child is overweight or obese . Click here for an interactive calculator to see if your child falls into either category . Studies find that overweight and obese kids are more likely to grow up to be overweight and obese adults . Saddled with heart disease , diabetes , high blood pressure and myriad other preventable health problems , they will be sicker and may die earlier than the generation before them . Consider this : Last November , a report based on the research of Dr. Ken Thorpe , a noted Emory University health care economist , found that 43 percent of all adults in America would be obese -- not overweight , but obese -- by 2018 if current trends continue . It was 15 percent in 1980 . This epidemic not only threatens the well-being of our children but strains an overburdened health care system , hampers the productivity of our workforce and indirectly undermines our competitiveness as the world 's leading economic power . Fortunately , there is reason to hope . First lady Michelle Obama is stepping in to lead a new initiative . Having gotten her daughters settled into school and life in Washington , the Harvard-educated lawyer is kicking off a program to bring attention to the childhood obesity epidemic . In terms of need and potential impact , I would argue that this is the most meaningful public service effort taken on by a first lady since Nancy Reagan 's "  Just Say No " campaign of the 1980s . Perhaps learning from early missteps of her husband 's administration , Mrs. Obama is consulting members of Congress from both political parties before announcing the national effort . She has solicited their thoughts and ideas to incorporate into the plan . The first lady is using unifying and uplifting language to talk about the epidemic . She has refused to speak about it in abstract terms and does not disparage those who make unhealthy decisions for their kids , like the mom at that convenience store . She uses her own experiences to relate to other parents : "  It was n't that long ago that I was juggling a full-time job with the round-the-clock role of being a mom . And there were plenty of times when after a long day at work , when the fridge was empty and everyone was hungry , that I just ordered that pizza , because it was easier . Or we went to the drive-through for burgers , because it was quick and cheap . And I was n't always aware of how all the calories and fat in some of the processed foods I was buying were adding up , " she said , previewing her initiative in a speech to the nation 's mayors last month . On Tuesday , the first lady will unveil the details of her comprehensive plan , the broad outline of which , she told a meeting of key members of Congress and the Cabinet , include four main elements : increasing the number of healthy schools ; increasing the amount of physical activity children receive ; improving accessibility and affordability of healthy foods ; and empowering consumers and families to make healthier food choices . She 'll spell out the details in the coming days . The childhood obesity epidemic is the newest front in the battle of the bulge , and Mrs. Obama should be praised for using her mass appeal to shed light on it . She is right to argue , as she has , that there is no one solution , federal or otherwise . Stopping this epidemic will require complementary efforts that bring together government , families , schools , foundations , businesses and others . Here 's hoping that people across America hear Mrs. Obama 's call to action and join the national campaign to end childhood obesity . Our collective future , in no small part , depends on its success . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony Coley .	Anthony Coley says obesity rates for kids tripled in past 30 years ; one in three affected Michelle Obama launching anti-obesity campaign for kids this week , he says He says she 's sought bipartisan advice in developing her plan Coley : Her four-part campaign will push healthier food , exercise at school and home
CNN  Whether quaffing artisanal cocktails at hipster bars or knocking back no-name beers on the couch , more Americans are drinking heavily -- and engaging in episodes of binge-drinking , concludes a major study of alcohol use . Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 , largely due to rising rates among women , according to the study by the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation at the University of Washington , published Thursday in the American Journal of Public Health . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention defines heavy drinking as exceeding an average of one drink per day during the past month for women and two drinks per day for men . Binge drinking is defined as four or more drinks for women and five or more drinks for men on a single occasion at least once during the past month . The increases are driven largely by women 's drinking habits as social norms change , researchers found . In Santa Clara County , Calif. , for example , women 's binge drinking rates rose by nearly 36 percent between 2002 and 2012 , compared with 23 percent among men . Nationwide over the course of the decade , the rate of binge drinking among women increased more than seven times the rate among men . Opinion : Why are more women drinking ? "  It seems like women are trying to catch up to the men in binge drinking , " said Ali Mokdad , a lead author of the study . "  It 's really , really scary . " The study is the first to track adult drinking patterns at the county level . In 2012 , 8 percent of Americans were considered heavy drinkers and 18 percent were binge drinkers . Despite the increases in heavy drinking , the percentage of people who drink any alcohol has remained relatively unchanged over time , researchers found . Madison County , Idaho , reported the lowest rate of binge drinking in 2012 , at 6 percent , while Menominee , Wis. , had the highest rate , at 36 percent . Hancock County , Tenn. , had the fewest heavy drinkers  2 percent of residents  and Esmeralda County , Nev. , recorded the most  22 percent  . Related : 1 in 5 high school girls binge drink About 88,600 U.S. deaths were attributed to alcohol in 2010 , the researchers note , and the cost of excessive drinking has been estimated at more than $ 220 billion per year . The increase in binge drinking does n't surprise Terri Fukagawa , clinical director of the New Life Recovery Centers in San Jose , Calif. , where 15 of her 24 treatment beds are filled with clients primarily addicted to alcohol . She said she 's seen more people seeking treatment for alcoholism in the past four years . Still , she noted , "  there are a lot of people still out there needing treatment , but they wo n't come in unless they have a consequence like losing a job or -LSB- getting -RSB- a DUI . They think they have control over it . " Public health experts offer a number of cultural and economic explanations for the increase in excessive drinking . As a result of changed social norms , it 's now more acceptable for women to drink the way men traditionally have , said Tom Greenfield , scientific director at the Alcohol Research Group at the Oakland , Calif.-based Public Health Institute . Young people are more likely to binge drink , and affluent people have the money to drink more . So the influx of wealthy professionals in cities like San Francisco , San Jose and Oakland -- many in hard-working , hard-partying tech jobs -- may have helped spur significant spikes in drinking rates in the Bay Area and similar communities , experts said . Taxes on alcohol have not risen along with the Consumer Price Index , so wine , beer and liquor have gotten cheaper over time in real dollars , he said . Alcohol advertising , particularly for hard liquor , has increased in recent years . A Federal Trade Commission study found that companies spent about $ 3.45 billion to advertise alcoholic beverages in 2011 . Alcohol control policies , such as limits on when and where alcohol can be sold and how long bars can stay open , have weakened in past decades , Greenfield said . That may partly explain rising consumption nationwide , particularly in some states where "  blue laws " once prohibited alcohol sales on Sundays or in supermarkets . To conduct the study , researchers analyzed data on about 3.7 million Americans aged 21 and older from the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System , an ongoing telephone survey of health behaviors conducted by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control . Kaiser Health News  KHN  is a nonprofit national health policy news service .	Heavy drinking among Americans rose 17.2 percent between 2005 and 2012 The increase is driven largely by women 's drinking habits It 's now more acceptable for women to drink the way men traditionally have , says one expert
CNN  -- If the U.S. military were to intervene in an increasingly chaotic Libya , it would most likely be part of a NATO action in which Libyan bloodshed has reached a humanitarian crisis , analysts said Thursday . As reports emerged Thursday about deadly clashes between leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces and anti-government protesters in the town of Zawiya near Tunisia , analysts highlighted how Gadhafi has already pledged to fight a rebellion to martyrdom . Military intervention "  is something which I hope does n't happen , but it looks as though at some point that it should happen , " said Simon Henderson , senior fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy . "  What 's an acceptable number of civilian deaths ? I do n't know . Choose your figure , " Henderson said . "  At the very least , instead of having a casualty list certainly in the hundreds , possibly in the thousands , we do n't want a casualty list numbering in the tens of thousands , or 100,000 or so . " After 10 days of protest , Gadhafi has lost control of the eastern portion of a country he has ruled for 42 years , and analysts portrayed him as a dictator desperately clinging to power . Members of his government have defected , and in a sign of growing international pressure , Switzerland ordered Thursday that Gadhafi 's assets be frozen . "  You 've got to assume the worst about Moammar Gadhafi , " Nicholas Burns , a professor at Harvard Kennedy School and former under secretary of state between 2005 and 2008 , told CNN . "  With his back to the wall , he 's going to go out in a blaze of vicious attacks . " North Atlantic Treaty Organization defense chiefs ought to be holding discussions about "  not taking action but preparation " for the Libyan crisis , said Robert Kagan , a Mideast expert who worked in the State Department under President Ronald Reagan . "  I do n't think anyone is talking about immediate military actions now , " Kagan told CNN , especially as 167 U.S. citizens are waiting on a ferry to leave Libya . U.S. officials have said all options were under consideration , including sanctions and enforcement of a no-fly zone , to try to keep the Libyan government from attacking protesters . Ibrahim Sharqieh , deputy director of Brookings Doha Center in Qatar , interpreted that statement as indicating that military force remains a possibility . "  In my opinion , it 's still premature to talk about U.S. military intervention in Libya at this point , but we should not eliminate it completely , " Sharqieh said . Meanwhile , the Department of State recommended Thursday that the 6,000 or so Americans in Libya "  depart immediately due to the potential for ongoing unrest . " Libya 's disintegration , the latest Middle East uprising that has already toppled autocracies in nearby Tunisia and Egypt , poses greater impacts to Europe than the United States , analysts said . Africa 's largest oil producer , Libya exports 1.5 million barrels a day , mostly to Europe , which relies on the country for 10 % of its energy needs , analysts said . Meanwhile , refugees fleeing Libyan violence are expected to land in such European countries as Italy , analysts said . On Thursday , President Barack Obama spoke with the leaders of France , Italy and the United Kingdom on coordinating an international response to the crisis in Libya , the White House said . In separate phone conversations with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and British Prime Minister David Cameron , Obama "  expressed his deep concern with the Libyan government 's use of violence , which violates international norms and every standard of human decency , and discussed appropriate and effective ways for the international community to immediately respond , " the White House statement said . While some critics say the Obama administration has been slow to react to Libya , the statement said Thursday 's discussions were to "  coordinate our urgent efforts to respond to developments and ensure that there is appropriate accountability . " "  The leaders discussed the range of options that both the United States and European countries are preparing to hold the Libyan government accountable for its actions , as well as planning for humanitarian assistance , " the White House statement said . Complicating any consideration of military intervention is how American and European armed forces have been strained from repeated deployments to Afghanistan and Iraq for almost 10 years , analysts said . Libya 's factions and tribalism would make an intervention perilous , said Nathan Hughes , director of military analysis for the global intelligence firm Stratfor of Austin , Texas . "  It 's not clear what a post-Gadhafi Libya looks like , " Hughes said . "  It 's a very messy situation . It would be a very difficult situation to jump into militarily . "  There are no geographical boundaries . There are soft demographic , cultural and tribal boundaries . To get enmeshed in that without understanding the local culture ... it would be a pretty tough spot to put troops in , " Hughes added . "  Once the writing is on the wall that Gadhafi is going to go likely to go , the incentive for the various tribal factions and other factions within Libya is to maneuver to make sure they have a place in whatever comes next . " Were NATO to send armed forces into Libya , the rest of the Arab world would n't protest much , the analysts said . "  I do n't think they would have any problem with this . I would suspect that the Arab world would support this , " Sharqieh said . Added Henderson : "  On day one , they would probably think it 's a good idea . On day two , come back and ask ... me . "	Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi has pledged to fight the rebellion to martyrdom Analysts say U.S. military intervention is a remote thought for now But if bloodshed spirals out of control , U.S. may be likely to join a NATO intervention
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A London court cleared singer Amy Winehouse of assault Friday after a two-day trial , her spokesman told CNN . Singer Amy Winehouse was accused of hitting a woman at a charity ball last year . Winehouse was accused of assaulting a woman at a London charity ball last year . She had pleaded not guilty to the charge of common assault . "  Amy would like to thank her family , friends , and her legal team for their support during this difficult time , " said a statement issued by her spokesman . "  She has always maintained her innocence and is very happy to move on with her life and put this episode behind her . " The verdict will be good news for the troubled singer , who returned to Britain this month after spending six months on the Caribbean island of St. Lucia . Winehouse has publicly battled drug addiction , and this month a judge granted Winehouse and her husband , Blake Fielder-Civil , a divorce . It is scheduled to be made final next month . The Grammy-winning artist arrived at court Friday wearing a white shirt , gray blazer , black skirt and pink ballet slippers . Her hair is back to her trademark black beehive with a blond streak , in contrast to the natural curls she sported while in the Caribbean . Winehouse is famous for her retro , soulful R&B sound and has had a string of hits including "  Rehab , " "  Back to Black , " and "  Tears Dry on Their Own . "	Troubled singer found not guilty of hitting woman at charity ball in September Amy Winehouse pleaded not guilty to the charge of common assault in March Winehouse 's divorce from Blake Fielder-Civil should be made final next month
These days , Marchelle Roberts is a confident 22-year-old who smiles easily and talks excitedly about her plans for the future . But the rising senior at Philadelphia 's Temple University had to travel a long and difficult road to get to where she is today . Roberts was taken away from her parents when she was 7 years old . She still remembers vividly the day that long journey began , when a woman she had never seen before and has n't seen since came in a car to get her and her brother Shawn , who was 3 or 4 years old . "  It was pretty scary for me , " Roberts said . "  My brother and I were in the back with a bag full of both of our belongings . My biological mother got out of the car and the lady kept driving , and she drove to someone else 's house and she told us we 'd be staying there , and she left . And so nobody really explained to me what foster care was , or what being taken away from your parents meant , or how long it would be for or why it happened . " Roberts spent five years in foster care in Camden , New Jersey , shuttling from one family to the next . During that time , Roberts said , she suffered sexual abuse and her brother suffered emotional abuse . "  If it was n't me being abused then it was me seeing my brother being abused , which was more difficult for me , " she said . "  I felt strong enough to endure the abuse as long as my brother did n't have to go through it , and so I would always try to be there , like after school . I would try to make sure I got home and was just there with my brother to make sure he was OK . " She was eventually removed from that situation and ended up with Lisa Roberts , who later adopted her , adding to a growing family of adopted children . But during the process she and her brother were separated . Marchelle has n't seen Shawn in 12 years . CNN Heroes : Breaking down barriers so foster kids can find families Now she is one of 15 former foster children participating in the Foster Youth Internship program run by the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute . The program aims to give former foster children an opportunity to help shape public policy on child welfare issues . Interns spend the summer working in the offices of members of Congress from both parties . At the end of the program , they make a presentation to the entire Congress with recommendations on how to improve the foster care system . The interns live in a college dormitory and have weekly dinners to talk about their experiences on the Hill and growing up in the system . They also get a stipend for a business wardrobe and informal career counseling from the Sara Start Fund for Foster Youth , an organization that works with CCAI to help them get a start on their professional lives . The program is competitive , about 250 young people apply each year and applicants must have completed at least one semester of college . CCAI Executive Director Kathleen Strottman said the young people who are accepted are the cream of the crop . Former interns have gone on to clerkships and to various positions in state government . Nearly half have entered careers in social service . "  We find that the youth who have survived foster care are , by their nature , more problem solvers , " Strottman said . "  So what better people to bring to bear on a problem that really needs to be solved ? " Pushing for change Roberts survived that system and says there 's a lot she wants to see changed . She wants to create a one-stop online clearinghouse laying out the resources available to foster youth and former foster youth all across the country , and she wants states to do more to keep siblings together in foster care . "  It 's not just keeping them together , but making sure that they 're in stable environments , " she said . "  In the system , youth are taken away from -- most of the times -- their biological parents because they 're suffering from some kind abuse or something like that , and so I do n't think that being placed into a home where you suffer the same things solves much . " She has been interning in the office of Sen. Mary Landrieu , D-Louisiana , who had her own encounter with an orphan at a young age and has been an advocate for foster children and orphans since she was first elected to office . "  When I was a child , a young teenager , I literally found a little 9-year-old sleeping in a park and it was just horrifying to me that a child would be alone sleeping anywhere , let alone sleeping in a park , " Landrieu said during an interview in her Capitol Hill office . "  I brought him home and that was my beginning of understanding about a child that was homeless , living with a grandmother incapable of raising him . And then , of course , he went through the foster care system , and that 's when I learned how broken it was . " Landrieu , who helped create the internship program 10 years ago , said a tax credit to help families adopt and a program that helps provide education , and training vouchers to foster youth as they transition out of the system , have helped , but more needs to be done to improve the system . "  The foster care interns that come to Washington learn a lot about the system here and how it affects their lives and the lives of children in foster care all over America , which are about 500,000 , " Landrieu said . "  But most importantly , it educates members of Congress and their staffs about what really happens in our foster care system , and we think out of this great changes for the better will occur . " Roberts is still searching for her younger brother , who she believes would be 17 or 18 years old now . "  I worry constantly , " she said . "  I was able to be adopted and I had a lovely life and all these siblings that love me , I have a mom who loves me , you know I 'm just living a great life right now . And I do n't know if his situation was as blessed as mine was . "  And then there 's also -- he could have been bouncing around from foster home to foster home and I was n't . He could have been adopted and it 's possible his adoptive family did n't want him to have contact with his biological family , and I think about those things all the time . " When she graduates in the winter , Roberts plans to pursue a career in broadcast journalism -- a field she loves and that she hopes might one day help Shawn find her . For now , she feels fortunate to have had what she calls a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to spend a summer in the halls of Congress and to share her story . "  There are so many things I want people to know , " she said . "  One of the main things that I want people to know is that foster youth count . "	Marchelle Roberts was taken away from her parents when she was 7 She and her brother suffered abuse in foster care before being adopted She 's one of 15 ex-foster children in a novel congressional internship program Its aim is to have kids who 've been in the system help shape child welfare policy
CNN  -- The mere rumor of a downgrade by the major ratings agencies is enough to send world markets into a tailspin , wiping billions off the values of global stocks . So what do ratings agencies do , and why are they so important ? Who are the credit ratings agencies ? The "  Big Three " are Standard 's & Poor 's , Moody 's Investor Services and Fitch Ratings . All originated in the United States , although Fitch has dual headquarters in New York and London . What do they do ? Before you can get a credit card , banks run a credit check on you . Similarly , the ratings agencies run credit checks on companies , countries and financial products . Countries are rated on a sliding scale : Germany for example , has a top rating  AAA  which allows it to borrow cash at cheap interest rates . The lower the rating grade , however , the higher interest payments a nation must pay to attract investors to buy its bonds . Anything that slips to junk status -- as Ireland , Portugal and Greek government bonds are rated -- is considered a "  highly speculative " investment . Furthermore , the pool of eligible investors is reduced -- many institutional investors , such as government pension funds , are forbidden to invest in junk-rated bonds . Why do they wield such power ? Investors across the world look to credit rating agencies to judge where to place their bets in the market . For governments , the ratings agencies have a lot of power over the popularity of bonds : cash given to governments by investors that , over time , will pay a return on the original investment -- unless the government defaults . What does a debt rating downgrade mean ? The decisions of the "  Big Three " catalyze market moves in often unpredictable ways , creating a strong ripple effect . In the wake of the Greece downgrade last year , for example , investors across the globe started rethinking investment in other governments ' bonds and began selling off more risky investments -- throwing the EU into crisis and depressing the value of the euro . When the U.S. was downgraded from a top rating to a step below best investment grade last August , the market reaction was fierce . At the start of August , the Dow was trading at 12,000 ; by August 10 , days after the downgrade , the Dow dipped below 10,800 . There was a similar psychological ripple through the markets after Moody 's downgrades of Ireland and Portugal . How are ratings agencies paid ? Historically , they were created to give investors an unbiased assessment of investments and investors paid for access to the ratings . In the 1970s , however , credit rating agencies started charging the issuers of new investments fees for ratings . In 1975 , U.S. legislators -- fearing a proliferation of unscrupulous ratings agencies -- designated Standard & Poor 's , Moody 's and Fitch as the only ratings organizations banks and brokers could use to evaluate the credit worthiness of their products . What are the complaints against the firms ? Critics complain the agencies have lost their ability to independently judge the risk on certain investments . Credit ratings agencies had a starring role in the financial crisis , after the firms blessed mortgage-backed securities with AAA ratings -- the safest rating possible -- and fed the global mania for these risky investments . Critics also note that the agencies are paid by the very entities they rate , raising questions about their trustworthiness . There are moves afoot in Europe to have more stringent regulation on credit ratings agencies . And the agencies were dealt a blow in a U.S. court last month when a U.S. District Judge James Browning in Albuquerque , New Mexico , rejected "  free speech " as an argument in a case against the Big Three credit ratings agencies brought by investors who lost investment in mortgage-backed securities . The ratings agencies often invoke First Amendment right regarding questions about their ratings -- they are simply stating an opinion . It 's up to the markets to decide for themselves what to do with that information .	Ratings agency S&P warned in December that 15 eurozone nations may face possible downgrade The "  Big Three " credit ratings agencies catalyzed market reaction during the financial crisis Critics complain the agencies wield too much unchecked power in world markets
Washington  CNN  -- The great government shutdown of 2013 is about Obamacare and budget priorities , but it also is about respect . In short , conservative House Republicans do n't think they get enough of it from President Barack Obama and the Senate . "  Republicans are now in a position where they do n't want to cave in because it sets a bad precedent that the Senate would be somewhat dictating how the House runs , " GOP Rep. Michael Grimm of New York said this week . Conservative Rep. Marlin Stutzman of Indiana went further , telling the Washington Examiner that "  we 're not going to be disrespected . " "  We have to get something out of this , " he said . "  And I do n't know what that even is . " Stutzman 's office confirmed that he said it but issued a statement Thursday in which the congressman said he "  carelessly misrepresented the ongoing budget debate . " Obama , however , said Stutzman 's comment reflected "  reckless " tactics by House Republicans pursuing a purely partisan agenda instead of fulfilling the basic responsibility of Congress to fund the government . "  If you 're being disrespected , it 's because of that attitude you 've got , that you deserve to get something for doing your job , " Obama said at a campaign-style event Thursday in Rockville , Maryland . At issue is a short-term spending plan that would fund the government in the new fiscal year that started Tuesday . The congressional stalemate pits a conservative GOP wing that wants to abolish the Affordable Care Act against Democrats trying to protect Obama 's landmark health care reforms passed in 2010 and upheld by the Supreme Court last year . Add to that the longstanding resentment by GOP conservatives who say their constituents and views are ignored by Democrats and the mainstream media , which also motivates their stand to link funding the government to dismantling Obamacare . In particular , they want to halt the pattern of the Republican-led House being forced to accede to the will of Obama and the Democratic-led Senate , as occurred in the past year over emergency funding in response to Superstorm Sandy and when Congress voted to raise tax rates on high-income Americans despite a conservative pledge against any tax increases . However , Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid have rejected GOP efforts to use the government funding issue and upcoming debt ceiling deadline as leverage in seeking partisan goals such as dismantling the Affordable Care Act . An unclear GOP strategy also has opened conservatives to criticism that their demands created a path to the shutdown without a way of getting out . Reid told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash on Thursday that tea party conservatives he described as "  anarchists " were setting the GOP agenda , with Boehner going along because he feared that he would otherwise lose his leadership post . Not true , countered Republican Rep. James Lankford of Oklahoma , who said Boehner was "  in charge of the House . " "  The House is supposed to be boisterous , " Lankford said . "  It 's the area closest to the people . It 's a boisterous place , and it has definitely become that as all these voices have to work together to find a coalition . " Now , House conservatives take umbrage with the heated rhetoric from Obama and Reid as frustration has risen with the government shutdown . Reid also said Boehner lacked courage for refusing to hold a House vote on the Senate-passed "  clean " spending plan -- one with no anti-Obamacare provisions -- that would end the government shutdown . Obama also challenged Boehner on the issue , saying Thursday that the shutdown would end immediately if Boehner allowed such a vote . "  Put it on the floor and let every individual member of Congress make up their own minds , and they can show the American people are you for a shutdown or not , " Obama said , adding that House Republicans need to stop what he called careening from crisis to crisis instead of fulfilling their congressional responsibilities . Grimm said Thursday that such criticism harms the prospects for negotiating some kind of agreement . "  If you want a deal done in the boardroom , you do n't assault people before you walk in , " he said , adding that "  you 're talking about human beings " and noting , "  The speaker is a human being , too . "	Conservative Republicans want their voices heard in Congress GOP Rep. Michael Grimm : Caving to the Senate again "  sets a bad precedent " The tea party wing demands anti-Obamacare provisions in a deal Frustration over the shutdown heats up the political rhetoric
CNN  Former Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser has died . He was 84 . "  It is with deep sadness that we inform you that after a brief illness John Malcolm Fraser died peacefully in the early hours of this morning , " according to a Fraser family statement sent to Australian media . The office of current Prime Minister Tony Abbott confirmed Fraser 's death to CNN . Fraser was Australia 's 22nd prime minister , from 1975-1983 . He began his mandate as a caretaker prime minister amid a constitutional crisis . Fraser will be remembered for his significant influence in changing relations of countries within the British Commonwealth , according to the National Archives of Australia . He is also credited with shaping Australian ties with East and Southeast Asian countries , according to the National Archives . People we 've lost in 2015	Fraser was Australia 's 22nd prime minister , from 1975-1983 Fraser is credited with shaping Australian ties with East and Southeast Asian countries
Washington  CNN  -- This week , Coca-Cola and Kraft announced they are pulling their corporate memberships from a conservative group that was behind the spread of "  stand your ground " laws like the one highlighted in Florida by the Trayvon Martin case . The American Legislative Executive Council , also known as ALEC , is getting attention lately for its behind the scenes work pushing conservative legislation in the states . The group has gotten even more attention since a neighborhood watch volunteer shot and killed unarmed teenager Martin last month . The man who shot Martin , George Zimmerman , said he acted in self-defense . Police have n't charged him and legal experts say Florida 's "  stand your ground " law may shield Zimmerman from prosecution . The National Rifle Association worked with ALEC to spread similar laws that are on the books in at least 25 states . Those laws grow directly out of the Second Amendment ethos the NRA has championed : "  the ethos of individualism , of having a gun , of individuals taking the initiative , " said Robert Spitzer , a political scientist at the State University of New York at Cortland and at Cornell University who has studied and written about the NRA for decades . Opinion : When soda pop and politics do n't mix Less well known is that the NRA has also helped ALEC spread other conservative laws that have nothing to do with gun rights . ALEC drafts and shares model bills with state legislators to promote corporation-friendly and conservative social policy . A watchdog group called the Center for Media and Democracy first documented the NRA 's role in these bills with ALEC . An NRA lobbyist , Tara Mica , helped shepherd a model bill that requires voters to show a photo ID at the polls . Many conservatives have pushed voter ID laws to prevent election fraud . Many liberals say these laws inhibit voting by minorities . Mica also helped preside over ALEC 's passage of the model bill that became the basis of Arizona 's immigration law . That 's the law that requires police to arrest anyone who can not prove when asked that they entered the United States legally . The NRA and Mica would n't talk with CNN , so it 's not known whether Mica consulted with other NRA officials about the bills on voter ID and immigration . ALEC also declined to answer questions . Lisa Graves with the Center for Media and Democracy said the way ALEC works , "  We know a bill can not be approved as a model bill if the private sector members , like the NRA or Walmart , do n't want it to become a model bill . " Josh Horwitz heads an advocacy group called the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence . He said the NRA 's role with ALEC cements his view that the NRA is really a base for the conservative movement . "  People think the NRA is just a gun group . It 's really not . " Horwitz said . Horwitz 's group has created a cheeky website , "  Meet the NRA.org . " It lists the NRA 's board of directors , and it has a rolling information bar that features some of their more colorful statements . The NRA 's board includes Grover Norquist , president of Americans for Tax Reform , and David Keene , former chairman of the American Conservative Union . The board also includes Robert Brown , creator of Soldier of Fortune magazine , and rock guitarist Ted Nugent . Spitzer said the NRA has gotten involved in some other non-gun issues . For instance , he said , the NRA fought hard against campaign finance reform in the days of McCain-Feingold . "  They were taking a very much free-enterprise , government-hands-off-the-campaign-process  approach  , " he said . But Spitzer said the NRA will always be primarily about guns and what they stand for in the individualist American mythology . He said the NRA 's work is cut out for it , because gun ownership is on the decline in America .	American Legislative Executive Council getting attention for pushing conservative legislation Group was behind the spread of "  stand your ground " laws This week , Coca-Cola and Kraft say they are pulling corporate memberships from group The group has ties to the NRA , which has extended its reach beyond gun rights advocacy
