CNN  -- Voldemort did not die in vain . Ralph Fiennes may have dedicated a good part of the last decade to torturing Harry Potter , but he 's also found the time , the energy and the clout to pull off his first film as director . By any standards , "  Coriolanus " is an ambitious undertaking , a modern-day interpretation of one of Shakespeare 's meatiest but less frequently performed plays . Although not everything comes off , Fiennes ' bold , dynamic movie will make you glad he took up the challenge . Set in "  Some place calling itself Rome , " but filmed , very tellingly , in battle-scarred Serbia and Montenegro , "  Coriolanus " imagines a modern state rocked by food shortages and border disputes . Gen. Caius Martius  Fiennes  returns triumphant from vanquishing archenemy Tullus Aufidius  Gerard Butler  and the Volsces from their stronghold , Corioles , and takes on the name of this , his most famous victory . But an attempt to make him consul , or head of state , alarms some senators who know his contempt for ordinary civilians . While he easily carries the Senate , tradition demands that Caius , now known as "  Coriolanus , " must also seek the assent of the citizenry in the public market . Too proud to court public opinion , he goes through the motions , but when his enemies turn the crowd against him , his fury only makes matters worse and the general is banished from Rome . Alone and angry , he swears vengeance and offers his services to Aufidius . As in other modern-dress Shakespearean adaptations , there are anomalies and eccentricities in this production , which brandishes guns and tanks but talks of swords and ultimately falls back on knife fights . The notion of the warrior-hero who can carry battles single-handedly does n't really jibe with modern warfare , and it 's been a while since we had a military man as president . Shakespeare 's play leaves no doubt that however we value heroism on the battlefield , it 's no qualification for success in politics . Coriolanus is undone by his own peculiar integrity , a refusal to exploit his war record for votes ; but only because he finds the democratic process demeaning -- he 's a pure elitist , the kind of person who believes that birthright is destiny . In power , he 'd be a disaster . Not that the scheming , cynical professional politicians come out much better in this telling , or the fickle and easily manipulated populace for that matter . Politics is a dirty business , but Coriolanus betrays everyone he 's ever known to uphold his own warped sense of honor . Head shaved , scarred , and often caked in blood , Fiennes is utterly compelling , a kind of Roman Rambo . We know he can play villains , but even if he 's essentially a fascist , there is something noble about Coriolanus , and tragic , too , in his inability to bend or compromise . He is his own man , though we see very well that he 's entirely the creation of his ferocious mother , Volumnia  a magnificent Vanessa Redgrave  , and ultimately powerless before her . Substantially streamlined by screenwriter and playwright John Logan  whose scripts for "  Rango " and "  Hugo " also made it to the screen last year  , Shakespeare 's verse sounds a bit strange in the voice of cable TV newscasters , but the device works very well to convey background information and keep the action flowing . Logan has cut the play in half , but what it loses in detail the movie more than picks up in clarity and punch . Budget constraints probably account for Rome 's surprisingly meager population and a Volsci army that seems to number about two dozen , but you ca n't argue with the talent in the foreground : Brian Cox , Jessica Chastain and Gerard Butler do n't misplace a single syllable between them . This is Shakespearean acting of the highest caliber , and a powerful , bloody vision of "  honor " gone mad .	By any standards , "  Coriolanus " is an ambitious undertaking Ralph Fiennes ' bold , dynamic movie will make you glad he took up the challenge Fiennes is utterly compelling , a kind of Roman Rambo
CNN  -- Family members of Phillip Markoff visited him in jail Friday for the first time since his arraignment on murder charges connected to the slaying of a woman he may have met through a Craigslist online ad . The parents , brother and sister-in-law of accused killer Philip Markoff visited him in jail on Friday . Markoff 's parents , brother , and sister-in-law visited him Friday , having to get through a throng of media members who gathered near the Boston , Massachusetts , jail . Richard Markoff and Susan Haynes arrived early in the afternoon , CNN affiliate WCVB reported . Markoff 's parents stayed at the jail for about two hours and left without making any comments to media , the affiliate reported . Markoff 's brother and sister-in-law also visited him on Friday , the affiliate reported . John Salsberg , Markoff 's attorney , addressed the crowd of reporters Friday and said he was speaking on behalf of the family . "  They love their son very much . They are supportive of him , that 's what they would say if they were speaking themselves , " he said . It is not yet known if Megan McAllister , Markoff 's fiancee , would visit him in jail , but in an e-mail sent to ABC News , she said police have the wrong man and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " she wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " Markoff , 23 , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , is charged with killing Julissa Brisman , who lived in New York , April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Police have said Brisman , a model , advertised as a masseuse on Craigslist , a popular online classifieds service . They say Markoff may have met her through the online site . Prosecutors say Brisman sustained blunt head trauma and said the she was shot three times at close range . One of the bullets passed through her heart , killing her , prosecutors said . Markoff is also charged in connection with the April 10 robbery of Trisha Leffler , 29 , at a Westin Hotel in Boston , another woman he allegedly met on Craigslist . Leffler was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express gift cards , police reports said . Prosecutors said she was bound and held at gunpoint . Brisman 's mother , Carmen Guzman , released a statement Friday about her devastation . "  The feeling of losing my daughter in this way and the pain she must have felt will haunt me for the rest of my life , " Guzman said . "  She wo n't live to see her dreams . We will hold Julissa in our hearts every day . "	Philip Markoff 's family visits him in jail Philip Markoff , 23 , charged in death of Julissa Brisman 's death Police say they believe Markoff met Brisman on popular online classifieds Web site Markoff 's fiancee says police have wrong man , husband-to-be "  was set up "
CNN  -- After being humbled by Manchester City in the FA Cup and drawing against West Bromwich Albion in the English Premier League , Chelsea could hardly afford to drop points against Everton on Saturday . The Blues did n't -- barely . And it was the man who has been dubbed ` Mr. Chelsea , ' the returning John Terry , who struck deep in injury time following a free kick from another Chelsea veteran , Frank Lampard . Both were re-introduced to the starting lineup by manager Jose Mourinho against a stubborn Everton side chasing a European spot and the 1-0 victory temporarily increased Chelsea 's lead atop the table to four points over Arsenal . The Gunners , however , once again cut the deficit to one point by later easing past Sunderland 4-1 and Man City stayed within three points of Chelsea -- with a game in hand -- courtesy of a 1-0 win over Stoke City . Vintage Chelsea it was n't , but the result was all that mattered to Chelsea skipper Terry . "  We made it difficult but they are a very good side and are playing well under  Everton manager Roberto  Martinez , " Terry , sidelined the previous three games with a muscle injury , told BT Sport . "  It was a tough game today . We 're delighted with the win and three points . " Martinez was n't delighted , though . He felt the free kick -- given when Chelsea midfielder Ramires went down -- should n't have been given by referee Lee Probert . "  It was one of those situations where players were trying to buy too many free kicks , " Martinez told BT Sport . "  You need a strong referee . The second half is a very , very tough game for referee . "  You can see they are trying to get a dead ball situation because they could n't get any joy from open play . You can see the reaction and way he loses his footing , it 's not because of contact . He is looking for the free kick . " For more than 90 minutes , Everton indeed kept Chelsea at bay . Everton had the better of play in the first half , with Petr Cech saving from Leon Osman and Kevin Mirallas scuffing his shot when in a good position at the edge of the box . Chelsea could only go one way -- up -- and keeper Tim Howard foiled Lampard , Eden Hazard and Branislav Ivanovic before Terry 's winner . "  Great ball from Lamps , " said Terry . "  I just managed to get a touch on it and I think it came off Howard in the end as well . " Arsenal , City respond Arsenal and Manchester City , coming off demoralizing 2-0 home defeats to Bayern Munich and Barcelona in the Champions League , respectively , earned three points in contrasting fashion . Olivier Giroud , benched against Bayern Munich in favor of the inexperienced Yaya Sanogo , started and scored twice for Arsenal . Arsene Wenger , though , left record signing Mesut Ozil out of the squad after he missed a penalty against Bayern and was criticized on the pitch by teammate Mathieu Flamini on Wednesday for not doing enough defensively . City toiled against Stoke City at home , getting the lone goal from midfielder Yaya Toure in the 70th minute . "  Teams come here to defend and try to get a draw , " City manager Manuel Pellegrini told the club website . "  We can not win by three or four goals every match . " Next up for City is Sunderland in the League Cup final on March 2 . West Ham further eased its relegation worries by beating Southampton 3-1 for a fourth straight victory , Hull added to Cardiff 's woes by thrashing the Welsh side 4-0 in Wales and Felix Magath earned a point in his managerial debut for last-place Fulham , with the Cottagers tying West Brom 1-1 . Wayne Rooney , who signed a lucrative contract extension with Manchester United on Friday , celebrated with a goal in United 's 2-0 win at Crystal Palace . "  He 's a really important player , " United manager David Moyes told Sky Sports . "  You think about the amount of clubs who wanted to sign him . Wayne is one of the top players , he shows it week in , week out . "  We never had any intention of letting him go . Wayne has been great since day one . " Yet United still trails Liverpool by eight points in the race for the final Champions League spot . Liverpool hosts Swansea on Sunday while Tottenham , in fifth and three points behind the Reds , visits Norwich .	Chelsea defeats Everton 1-0 at home thanks to a goal deep in injury time Chelsea rebounds after a loss in the FA Cup and draw in the league Chelsea still leads Arsenal by a point and Manchester City by three atop the table Arsenal routs Sunderland 4-1 and Manchester City edges Stoke City 1-0
CNN  -- There 's no "  authentic " way to be black , President Barack Obama told a group . For once , I agree with the President . Speaking at a town hall event this week about his "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative , the President gave blacks permission to be individuals , rejecting the idiotic notion that speaking proper English and being successful in life is "  acting white . " As if any person of any race with two grains of sense would think this is logical . During the event , Obama was asked by a young Native American man , "  How is the United States government helping American Indian people revitalize their language and culture ? " Obama responded : "  What 's great about America is the way that we all take these different cultures and we make one culture out of it . " Obama said that it is important for Americans to know their roots and where they come from , but not be held hostage by our cultures from advancing in life . Then , Obama got real . He talked about how black Americans use this "  group think " psychology to bully other blacks , keep them from expressing themselves as individuals and stop them from assimilating into the broader culture of America . "  Sometimes African-Americans , in communities where I 've worked , there 's been the notion of ` acting white ' -- which sometimes is overstated , " he told the group . "  But there 's an element of truth to it , where , OK , if boys are reading too much , then , well , why are you doing that ? Or why are you speaking so properly ? And the notion that there 's some authentic way of being black , that if you 're going to be black you have to act a certain way and wear a certain kind of clothes , that has to go . There are many different ways for African-American men to be authentic . " He went on to use his wife , first lady Michelle Obama , as an example . "  If you look at Michelle , she grew up South Side . And her mom still lives in a neighborhood where gunshots go off , and it can be rough where Michelle grew up . But she 'll talk proper when she needs to . Now , you also do n't want to get on her wrong side , because she can translate that into a different vernacular . But my point is , is that you do n't have to act a certain way to be authentic . " I rolled my eyes in disgust , remembering all the times in my life that phrase has been hurled at me from other blacks . Growing up , I was n't raised in a home where we "  talked or acted black " -- speaking broken English , neck jerking and behaving like the black stereotypes we see in some of the Tyler Perry movies . So , I was shocked to encounter such nonsense when I attended Georgetown University as an undergraduate . Most of the black students -- who generally all hung out in the same pack , eating , studying and socializing exclusively together -- informed me I was an "  Uncle Tom , " not really black because I chose to have an integrated experience at Georgetown . One of the biggest sins I committed was refusing to eat at the all-black cafeteria tables in the various dorms . I would wonder , if you only want to socialize with black students , then why not just attend a predominantly black college ? My freshman year , I went to a dance with a white guy from my class . When he came by my dorm room to pick me up , two black girls from across the hall stared and snickered , uttering something along the lines that I wanted to be white so bad . Really ? The next day the same girls heckled me again about my date . Tired of dealing with their stupidity , I walked over and told them I would continue to do whatever I wanted . Instead of being so concerned with my life and who I was dating , they should be concerned with their own . I have never been counseled on how to act black . And I never will . More recently , my blackness was questioned by Keli Goff during an appearance on CNN last week . The two of us were discussing the illegal immigration crisis and Goff did n't like the argument I made . So she tried to insult me . "  So what I 'm saying is , Crystal , I mean I do n't know if you identify as African-American . I do , but if you drop me off in Africa I could n't speak the language . " Clearly , Goff missed the President 's memo . There is no litmus test for being black . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Crystal Wright is tired of blacks putting down other blacks by saying they are "  acting white " President Obama addressed the term while speaking to a group of young men this week Wright : There is no litmus test for being black
My Dad is the bravest man I 've ever known . The first time I remember thinking this was around the age of 4 when I found myself suddenly trapped in the middle of a horrific dog fight . My Dad charged right into the center of the gnashing teeth , grabbed me and lifted me to safety on the hood of a nearby car . When you 're 4 , that 's a heroic act worthy of some kind of medal . I think I probably drew him a picture of one . It was only later that I learned my Dad did n't need a picture . He had the real thing . I was reminded of this as I watched , with quite a bit of emotion , the commemoration of the 70th anniversary of D-Day on Friday . Remember the heroes , one of the commentators said . Remember them , for there are so few left . And soon they will all be gone . Milton Bass volunteered for the Army at 19 and landed in France three months after D-Day with the 104th Infantry Division , known as the Timberwolves . Though he had the skills of a certified sharpshooter , he had decided to become a medic and wore a helmet with a red cross on it . Shortly after arrival in France , his unit was ushered to the front lines . As some members of his group were attempting to clear a large enemy minefield , one misstep set off an explosion that left several lying , badly injured , in the middle of the deadly devices . The sergeant asked for volunteers to go and rescue them . My Dad raised his hand . He 's never given us a detailed play-by-play of how he and a couple of his fellow soldiers maneuvered around those mines and picked up those men and got them safely out of there . But it 's all spelled out on the certificate that accompanied his Silver Star , the third highest U.S. military decoration for valor . The official description of it notes that the Silver Star is awarded for "  gallantry in action . " It describes my Dad 's life to a T. Seventy years ago this fall , as the 104th moved toward Germany , my Dad was witness to all the atrocities of war . But nothing like what he saw once he got there in the spring of 1945 . Our generation knows the Holocaust only from pictures and film . But my Dad and his company experienced it firsthand . They were the liberators of the Dora-Mittelbau concentration camp at Nordhausen . It 's not the most famous , but it 's certainly among the most ghastly . Here 's a description from the website JewishGen.org : "  Nordhausen was liberated by the 104th U.S. Infantry Division on April 12th , 1945 . When the first American G.I. 's arrived in the camp , they discovered a gruesome scene . More than 3,000 corpses were scattered , helter-skelter on the grounds . In several hangars there were no survivors and in others they found only 2 or 3 living inmates lying amongst dozens of corpses . The situation was so calamitous that the medic unit of the 104th Infantry Division had to request urgent medical reinforcements and supplies . More than 400 German civilians living in the direct vicinity of the camp were forced by the G.I. 's to evacuate the corpses . The medic units of the 104th Division did the best they could to save as many prisoners as possible , but even with the excellent care they received , numerous inmates died in the hours and days following the liberation of the camps . " My Dad never talked much about this experience when we were younger , though we 've learned more about it as my children and my sisters ' children have done school projects and interviewed their grandfather about World War II . Still , as he spared us , he also protected them from the most horrific details . He did do an interview once where he described some of what he saw and felt on that terrible day . Two things from it jumped out at me then and stick with me now . First , his recollection of the "  smell of death " all around him . And second , his still hearing in his head the voices of the local German guards and residents , sickly pleading for mercy with their constant cries of "  Nicht wissen ! Nicht wissen ! " -- "  We did n't know ! " "  They knew , " my Dad said . "  They knew . " My father turned 91 in January . He tends to doze a lot , but he can still be the funniest guy in the room when he wants to be . His grandchildren and pretty much everyone else refer to him affectionately as "  Miltie . " In the wake of the D-Day celebrations and in advance of this Sunday 's festivities for fathers everywhere , I 'd like to call him "  hero . " Happy Father 's Day , Dad . Opinion : Eisenhower 's ` soul-racking ' D-Day decision	Michael Bass : Dad does n't talk much about aspects of his World War II experience Milton Bass volunteered for the Army , won a Silver Star for gallantry in France He helped rescue soldiers from a minefield and liberate a concentration camp Michael Bass : In light of D-Day anniversary and Father 's Day , I call him a hero
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama has missed the most votes of any Democratic presidential hopeful in the Senate over the last two months , including a vote on an Iran resolution he has blasted Sen. Hillary Clinton for supporting . Sen. Barack Obama makes a campaign stop at Iowa State University on Saturday . The Illinois Democrat has missed nearly 80 percent of all votes since September . The other Democrats in the Senate running for president have missed a high percentage of votes as well . Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware has missed 68 percent of the votes during the same period , Sen. Christopher Dodd of Connecticut 65 percent and Clinton of New York 63 percent . Obama 's campaign points out that Biden missed the most votes if the whole year is considered , followed by Dodd , then Obama . Obama 's campaign argues that looking at the last two months is arbitrary . Obama missed a vote on a resolution that declared the Iranian Revolutionary Guard , an elite part of the Iranian military , a terrorist organization . He has criticized Clinton for voting for it , saying it would give President Bush a "  blank check " to invade Iran . "  This kind of resolution does not send the right signal to the region , " Obama said during a presidential debate earlier this week . "  It does n't send the right signal to our allies or our enemies . " Watch the report on Obama 's voting in the Senate " Obama was campaigning in New Hampshire when the vote was taken . His campaign blamed his absence on the short notice given when the vote was scheduled . But two senior Democratic Senate aides said senators were advised the night before that the vote would occur the next day . A spokesman for Obama , however , was adamant Obama did not have enough time to return to Washington for the vote . Obama has also missed votes on a Democratic priority , the expansion of the federally funded State Children 's Health Insurance Program  SCHIP  as well as a vote on a resolution that condemned MoveOn.org for running an ad in the New York Times attacking the top general in Iraq , Gen. David Petraeus . Most of the votes Obama missed were for amendments to spending bills , when his vote would not have decided the outcome . Obama 's campaign says he was in the Senate for critical votes , and canceled a campaign appearance to be in the Senate for a critical SCHIP vote . "  The most important votes that this Congress did were in the first six months -- ethics reform , minimum wage , Iraq , 9/11 bill , energy , " Obama spokesman Bill Burton said . "  The last two months have been appropriations bills , and we were here for the Iraq votes . " Stu Rothenberg of the Rothenberg Political Report said the voters may not punish Obama for missing votes . "  I think most Americans understand that if you 're running for president , you 're going to have to be in Iowa , New Hampshire , and you 're not going to make all the votes and they give candidates slack , " Rothenberg said . With the mounting fight with the White House over key bills , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid is putting all the contenders on notice . "  I am going to leave here and go call our presidentials and let them know that they better look at their schedules , because these are not votes you can miss , " Reid said on the Senate floor Friday . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Jessica Yellin and Evan Glass contributed to this report .	Sen. Obama has missed nearly 80 percent of votes in last two months Illinois Democrat missing the most votes of Democratic presidential hopefuls He missed vote on Iran resolution he has criticized Clinton for supporting Obama camp says Biden , Dodds missed more votes if whole year is counted
CNN  -- Unlike the A-list star of Cambodia 's tourism show -- Siem Reap -- Phnom Penh does n't have an ancient UNESC0-listed temple complex filled with beautiful archeological wonders to seduce global tourists . Most visitors hit the riverside capital as a quick stopover on the way to or from Angkor Wat -- the real reason they flew across the globe to visit Cambodia . It 's to be expected , really . More : Cambodia 's amazing Phare Circus Not many bucket lists are topped with visits to the ghosts of genocidal dictatorships . Among Phnom Penh 's most popular tourist attractions are a former killing field that exhibits skeletal remains from its Khmer Rouge era and a haunting memorial at the site where thousands of executions took place under their rule . But a cosmopolitan buzz that 's lately been humming through the cracks of this city of 2 million-plus  and growing  is helping Phnom Penh drown its rep as just a sobering war history stop on the Angkor trail . Boutiques run by French-Cambodians trained at some of the top Paris design schools dot city streets . New pubs where well-dressed locals enjoy cocktails seemingly open every week , venues holding no likeness to the decaying hostess bars that once dominated the nightlife scene . French influence Though Cambodia 's French colonial period ended in 1953 , France 's cobwebs remain . Colonial architecture still lines the streets . The local love of crusty baguettes means good bread can be found citywide . More : 10 meals every visitor to Cambodia should try Impressive restaurants serving innovative cuisine from as far off as Latin America and fine dining venues that celebrate the underrated Khmer cuisine are also on the rise . It 's an exciting time for Phnom Penh , which is slowly laying the groundwork to become a top weekend urban getaway for those in the region . Affordability brings visitors It 'd be foolish to pretend price is n't a big factor in the city 's growing bag of allures . Phnom Penh is cheap . A dinner for two at a high-end restaurant with a bottle of good wine will rarely put you out more than $ 50 . A night at the hottest hotel ticket in town , the incomparable Raffles Le Royal , starts from $ 180 , even lower on some booking websites . A transfer from the airport in one of its BMW series 5 cars costs $ 30 . More : Insider Guide : Best of Cambodia Well-designed boutique hotels range from $ 50 to $ 100 a night . An impeccably made original full-length gown can be purchased from one of those aforementioned boutiques for less than $ 200 . Returning Cambodians fueling the city 's rise Though expats are contributing to the cosmopolitan growth , another exciting segment is making a mark -- returning Cambodians bringing experiences from abroad . Many are young adults who grew up in Western countries such as the United States , Australia , Canada and France , where their parents moved to escape the horrific events of the 1970s . Some do n't remember Phnom Penh , having left as young children . Others were born overseas . Soreasmey Ke Bin is a 36-year-old French-Cambodian who moved to Phnom Penh in 2002 . He 's president of the Anvaya Initiative , a nonprofit group founded in 2010 to support Cambodian diaspora looking to give the country another chance . "  I think we can bring a lot of positive things to this country , in terms of work experience , investment and culture , " he says , adding that a challenge is convincing potential returnees that the country has a lot to offer . More : Phnom Penh 's In-and-Out-inspired burger joint When asked to name some of the individuals behind the city 's new flavor , he quickly rattles off a good two dozen notable returning Cambodians in fields as diverse as architecture , music , design , art and choreography . Standouts include Visal Sok , who 's behind the city 's first hip-hop group and about to release his first movie in November ; and artist Borany Mam , a French-Cambodian doing restoration work at the National Museum . Then there 's Armand GerbiÃ © , a former French Foreign Legion soldier who worked for years at famed Paris cabaret Lido before moving to Phnom Penh to open the popular Armand 's The Bistro . And well-known French-Cambodian designer Romyda Keth , who recently opened a restaurant and boutique hotel . "  I hope we can become a niche country , " says Soreasmey of his vision for Cambodia 's future . "  A boutique market . We are small . We ca n't compete with Singapore or Thailand for big brand shopping . But we 've got culture , the sea , the outdoors . I think it 's a good mix . " Dreams vs. reality Cosmopolitan potential aside , tourists who like their travel destinations wrapped up in postcard-pretty packages will be uncomfortable in Phnom Penh . The ongoing economic growth on the backs of footwear and garment manufacturing , foreign investment and tourism might be putting Cadillac SUVs and even the odd Rolls Royce on Phnom Penh 's perennially dusty streets . More : 10-step guide to Siem Reap But most live well below the poverty line , with 40 % of Cambodia 's population surviving on less than $ 1.25 a day according to non-government organization ActionAid . Though violent crime is rare , petty theft is extremely common . Multiple locals share stories of having their iPhone 5s yanked out of their hands mid-text or a carelessly laid bag snatched from the seat of a tuk-tuk by a passing motorbiker . At popular tourist spots like the Grand Palace , tourists still need to walk a heart-wrenching gauntlet of amputees and child beggars before they can enter . The first page of a local magazine targeted at tourists has an arresting full-page ad sponsored in part by UNICEF , reminding visitors that "  children are not tourist attractions . " It 's part of a campaign to educate about the harm of "  orphanage tourism , " in which visitors pay to visit local institutions , thereby creating a market for more orphans . But for visitors who can handle a side of grit , Phnom Penh is definitely worth a few days of exploration -- even if it 's just for a stopover on the way to Siem Reap . In the end you might just find the capital gives those old Angkor ruins a bit of competition in your mental Cambodia highlight reel . More : Inside Cambodia 's stunning new temple discoveries	UPDATE : The U.S. Embassy in Phnom Penh issued a statement on October 1 alerting travelers to an increase in armed robberies in the city Offspring of those who left during Khmer Rouge era bringing back expertise from abroad Phnom Penh 's growing sophistication making it an enticing urban getaway , though it 's not for everyone
CNN  -- The press has turned on President Obama with a vengeance . Suddenly , the White House briefing room is filled with confrontational questions . Suddenly , the news pages are ablaze with scandal , and the commentators -- even some of the president 's usual defenders -- are bemoaning his shortcomings . Suddenly , Obama is n't getting the benefit of the doubt . According to Obama 's longtime detractors , the denizens of the fourth estate are finally climbing out of a tank in which they have been immersed since roughly 2007 . But the reality is a bit more nuanced than that . There are a number of unsavory allegations swirling around Washington , but do not underestimate the importance of the Justice Department seizing two months of Associated Press phone records without so much as a heads-up . This not only seems like a case of prosecutorial overreach , even in a case involving national security , it strikes at the heart of what journalists do -- and has fostered feelings of betrayal . Does the administration not understand the chilling effect on reporters and their sources , they wonder , or simply not care ? It 's easy to say that news organizations recoiled from Obama only when their own special interests were threatened , and maybe there 's some truth to that . But the media also have a deep , abiding love for scandal , and beyond the AP phone records story , the administration is lately providing that scandal in spades . The battle over Benghazi has mostly divided along partisan lines , with conservatives seeing a sustained coverup and liberals perceiving a partisan attack on what was a bungled operation and confused aftermath . But the report by ABC 's Jonathan Karl alleging the scrubbing of the Susan Rice talking points  following a less-noticed report by Stephen Hayes of the Weekly Standard  transformed the tone of the coverage in a single stroke . The Karl report turned out to be based on an inaccurate , misleading characterization of an email , but for the first time , many journalists came to believe the administration had something to hideâ $ " and that they had been personally misled in press briefings . That is guaranteed to get the blood flowing . The disclosure that the IRS selectively targeted conservative groups for review brought immediate condemnation from many across the media spectrum , including Carl Bernstein , who investigated the Nixonian abuses , of which this story carries an unmistakable echo . And it is the trifecta of these scandalous sagas that will dominate coverage for months as media outlets feast on the cycle of investigations , hearings , subpoenas , resignations and denials . Any doubt that scandal trumps ideology in the media firmament can be dispelled with a glance back at Bill Clinton 's tenure , when what he called the "  knee-jerk liberal press " investigated Monica Lewinsky , Whitewater and other allegations with a fervor that eventually put it on a virtual war footing against the White House . More troubling for the current crew is that news outlets are starting to pivot to broader questions about whether Obama is competent at the business of government or a passive bystander in his own administration . That impression , if it takes hold , can not be Etch-a-Sketched away . To be sure , some of Obama 's antagonists will overreach by framing every scandal as the next Watergate and each revelation as an impeachable offense . That may trigger a counter-reaction in which some of the president 's liberal allies shift their focus from the administration 's missteps to the opposition 's overkill . Some in the media rolled over for Barack Obama in the 2008 campaign , though the record was decidedly more mixed once he took office . But personal feelings toward this president who has never courted the press no longer matter ; nor do personal predilections on gun control and immigration reform . The scandal machinery has kicked into high gear , and its sheer noise may drown out everything else . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz : AP phone records search , other stories have turned press on Obama He says attention is n't just out of press self-interest ; Obama 's stuck in number of scandals He says that for the first time , press started to think Obama misled them Kurtz : GOP may overreach to damage Obama ; still , scandal could drown out governing
With the deaths of three top Syrian officials , questions arose Wednesday as to whether the Damascus attack marks a turning point in the presidency of Bashar al-Assad . As the crisis unfolded , experts looked beyond the day 's events to the roots of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's power for insights into the 16-month rebellion that grips the Middle Eastern nation . Al-Assad grew up in the shadow of his father , President Hafez al-Assad , a Soviet ally who ruled Syria for three decades and helped propel a minority Alawite population to key political , social and military posts . By most accounts , the elder al-Assad governed with an iron fist , forging a police state that quashed opposition by jailing dissidents and marginalizing other political groups . Hafez al-Assad was born into a poor family and graduated from Ḥomṣ Military Academy as an air force pilot , before rising in Baath Party leadership and gaining power in the "  Corrective Revolution " of 1970 . His son , Bashar , enjoyed rare privileges and education as he studied abroad , while his older son , Bassel , was the man groomed to succeed him and assume power . Showdown or stalemate in Syria ? But when Bassel died in a car crash in 1994 , Bashar was thrust into the national spotlight and switched his university focus from medicine to military science . "  Dr. Bashar , " who had headed the Syrian Computer Society , earned a degree in ophthalmology and enjoyed windsurfing , may have appeared an unlikely choice . But many observers in Europe and the United States seemed heartened by the incoming president , who presented himself as a fresh , youthful leader who might usher in a more progressive , moderate regime . Asma Akhras al-Assad , whom he married in 2000 , is a former investment banker of Syrian descent who grew up in London . Get to know Syria 's first family When al-Assad 's father died in June of that year , it took just hours for the Syrian parliament to amend the constitution and lower the presidential age of eligibility from 40 to 34 , a move that allowed Bashar to succeed his father . Within weeks , he was also made a member of the regional command for the ruling Baath Party , a requirement of succession . "  I shall try my very best to lead our country towards a future that fulfills the hopes and legitimate ambitions of our people , " al-Assad said during his inauguration speech . But Western hopes for a more moderate Syria sank when the new leader promptly maintained his country 's traditional ties with militant groups , such as Hamas and Hezbollah . Attack threatens al-Assad 's grip on power Suspicions later surfaced among the country 's regional neighbors over whether Syria was developing a covert nuclear program . Meanwhile , al-Assad repeatedly vowed to stamp out corruption while strengthening his own grasp on power . But in recent months -- and after more than a decade in power -- the Syrian leader has drawn criticism from around the globe as he 's met popular protests and unrest with force . Damascus Spring came early in presidency Thousands have been killed and many more displaced as the conflict has unfolded , with state security forces firing on demonstrators , many of whom have joined opposition groups , including armed rebel brigades . As pressure has mounted , the inner circle of the Syrian leader has became more of a family affair , said David Lesch , a professor of Middle East history and author of "  The New Lion of Damascus : Bashar al-Assad and Modern Syria . " "  That 's part of what Bashar has been doing ever since he came to power , " Lesch said . "  He has put members of his extended family ... in various parts of government and military security apparatus . If the day came -- and it did come -- where there was a threat to the regime , he could count on the loyalty of those closest to him . " The president 's family belongs to the country 's minority Alawite sect , who are largely driven by fears that they could be overwhelmed should al-Assad lose power , according to the president 's uncle Rifaat . Recent reports , however , suggest discontent even within the minority community over his handling of the crisis . Jordan 's king calls attack ` tremendous blow ' to regime Al-Assad 's youngest brother , Maher , is thought to be Syria 's second-most powerful man , overseeing two of the army 's strongest units : the Republican Guard , which protects the regime in Damascus , and the elite Fourth Armored Division , which suppressed the early uprisings in southern Syria . But on Wednesday , a rebel attack killed Defense Minister Dawood Rajiha ; Deputy Defense Minister Assef Shawkat -- al-Assad 's brother-in-law ; and Hasan Turkmani , al-Assad 's security adviser and assistant vice president , according to state television . Shawkat was once in charge of the army 's intelligence services and was said to be one of the president 's closest allies . Interior Minister Ibrahim al-Shaar was among those injured in the blast , state TV said , adding that he "  is in good health and that his condition is stable . " Wednesday 's attack occurred during a meeting of ministers and security officials and was coordinated by rebel brigades in Damascus , opposition groups say . Al-Assad quickly named Gen. Fahd Jassem al-Freij as defense minister , according to the state-run news agency SANA . State media also reported that authorities have killed or captured a "  large number " of terrorist infiltrators in Damascus and inflicted "  heavy losses " on terrorists in Homs and Idlib . But video from a Damascus suburb showed Syrians rejoicing after news spread of the bombing . Meanwhile , reports of deaths across the country occur almost every day , with a London-based opposition group reporting last week that government forces carried out a massacre in Hama province , killing 220 people there . Horrific images out of Douma Al-Assad 's administration has consistently said that its forces are targeting armed terrorists funded by outside agitators . In early July , al-Assad told a German television station that a months-old peace plan aimed at ending the violence has n't failed , but rather has yet to be implemented because foreign countries are supporting "  terrorists . " Former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan , named as a special envoy to the region , has spearheaded the peace effort . The president 's remarks came on the same day that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton held that the days for the Syrian regime are numbered . Noting recent defections , Clinton said , "  The sand is running out of the hourglass . "	Al-Assad grew up in the shadow of his father , the late president Hafez al-Assad His father ruled with iron fist , jailing some dissidents and marginalizing others His son , Bashar , enjoyed rare privileges and education as he studied abroad But those in Europe and the U.S. initially seemed heartened by the incoming president
CNN  -- World Bank President Robert Zoellick has warned that the eurozone crisis could have a dire effect on emerging markets if it continues in 2012 . Speaking to CNN 's John Defterios at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Zoellick discussed the World Bank 's assessment that the coming year could be as bad for emerging markets as 2008 if the eurozone crisis worsened . "  If there 's a more serious breakdown in the eurozone ... then developing countries have to be prepared , " he said . "  They have to pre-fund some of their own bonds , they have to look at the trade side , they have to look at the banking side . " He said that while developing countries had provided about two-thirds of growth globally over the past five years , "  we 're all in this boat together and so if Europe really stumbles and fails it 's going to hurt everybody . " The World Bank is trying to shield emerging markets by making $ 27 billion available over next two years , specifically in central and eastern Europe . While each emerging market would weather the crisis differently , he said , "  the closer you are to Europe , the more you 're going to be at risk . " He said the issues underlying Europe 's crisis were yet be resolved . "  Europe has sort of stumbled up to each crisis , put together a package , managed to get through the crisis , and it 's bought time but it has n't fundamentally addressed the problem . " Solving the crisis now required "  paying attention to the politics of reform , not just the economics of the balance sheet . My belief is Germany and others need to hold out some carrots if these countries sustain the political support , " he said . "  It 's really now in my view a question of Italy and Spain . Greece and Portugal and others , they 're going to cause waves and issues but they 're much smaller pieces of the problem . "	World Bank president Robert Zoellick warns the euro crisis has put emerging markets at risk Markets closest to Europe will be most at risk , he says He sees the future of the eurozone as resting on Spain and Italy
An Ohio sheriff defended the killings of more than four dozen lions , tigers and other wild animals Wednesday after they were turned loose from a farm outside Zanesville by its suicidal owner . Of the 56 animals released Tuesday night , only a grizzly bear , two monkeys and three leopards were taken alive , Muskingum County Sheriff Matt Lutz said . One monkey remained unaccounted for Wednesday night , but Lutz and conservationist Jack Hanna , who assisted in the effort , said the animal may have been eaten by one of the big cats . Lutz told reporters earlier that the farm 's owner , Terry Thompson , pried open cages and left the farm 's fences open before dying from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Tuesday afternoon . Lutz told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that none of his deputies are equipped with tranquilizer guns . And with night falling Tuesday , he gave the order to kill the escaped animals . "  If this had been a 9 o'clock or 10 o'clock incident , in the middle of the day , odds are high that we may have been able to surround the area and keep everything contained , " he said . "  But our biggest problem that we had was nightfall . We had about an hour , hour and a half of light , and we just could n't take the chance . " Humane Society does n't fault authorities for shooting animals As of Wednesday afternoon , authorities had killed 49 animals -- 18 tigers , 17 lions , six black bears , two grizzly bears , three mountain lions , two wolves and a baboon . Those captured alive were taken to the Columbus Zoo . Hanna , the zoo 's director emeritus , said he was upset by loss of "  precious " animals , but defended the decision to use deadly force . "  To have no one hurt or killed here with 40-something animals getting loose is unbelievable , " he told CNN 's "  The Situation Room . " Hanna led a team of experts who arrived with four tranquilizer guns late Tuesday in an effort to corral the animals . He said the drugs take several minutes to subdue an animal even with a good shot , and one tiger had to be killed Wednesday afternoon when it turned on a veterinarian after being hit with a tranquilizer dart . Overnight , sheriff 's deputies searched the eastern Ohio woods around Zanesville with night-vision gear and patrolled in pickups , armed with shotguns . Flashing signs on the highways in eastern Ohio warned motorists Wednesday : "  Caution . Exotic animals . " Schools were closed , and some frightened residents said they were keeping to their homes as sheriff 's deputies hunted lions , tigers , leopards and grizzly bears . "  Yeah , there 's a lion on Mount Perry Road . ... I just drove by and it walked out in front of me and was standing there under the street light , " one caller to 911 told deputies . Zanesville Mayor Howard Zwelling said he received calls from people who were concerned that the animals had been killed . He said authorities were trying to use tranquilizers whenever possible . But Lutz told reporters , "  We are not talking about your normal everyday house cat or dog . "  These are 300-pound Bengal tigers that we have had to put down , " he said . CNN.com readers express outrage at situation Thompson 's property is about 2 miles outside Zanesville . The 62-year-old had been released from a federal prison September 30 after pleading guilty earlier this year to possessing illegal firearms , including five fully automatic firearms . A civil case seeking forfeiture of firearms was pending , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Ohio 's Southern District . He also had been convicted of animal cruelty and animals at large in 2005 and was arrested several times for traffic violations . Authorities were waiting on the results of an autopsy to determine the exact cause of his death , but Lutz said Thompson shot himself just after releasing the animals . Sam Kopchak , Thompson 's neighbor , said he saw lions and bears running free Tuesday evening , with one tiger chasing horses . Kopchak managed to get himself and his horse into his barn and telephoned his mother . "  We have a major problem , : " he told her . That 's when she called the police . Thompson had threatened to release animals "  It was like a war zone , " Kopchak said when authorities descended on Thompson 's property , set off the road named after Kopchak 's family . Kopchak described Thompson as aloof . He loved animals . Kopchak saw him driving one time with a baby black bear on his chest . Lutz said authorities found primates inside the house . The community was in a state of "  shock and surprise , " said Tom Warne , owner of Donald 's Donuts and a lifelong resident of Zanesville . "  It 's the craziest sort of thing , " he said . Warne said he had met Thompson a few times . He used to come into the doughnut shop at one time . Opinion : Wild animals belong in the wild The Humane Society of the United States and the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals urged Ohio officials Wednesday to issue an emergency rule to crack down on exotic animal ownership in the wake of the slaughter . A previous emergency order issued by then-Gov . Ted Strickland that prohibited people convicted of animal cruelty from owning exotic animals expired in April . The Humane Society said Thompson "  would almost certainly have had his animals removed by May 1 , 2011 , if the emergency order had not expired . " "  Every month brings a new , bizarre , almost surreal incident involving privately held , dangerous wild animals , " said Wayne Pacelle , president and CEO of the Humane Society . "  In recent years , Ohioans have died and suffered injuries because the state has n't stopped private citizens from keeping dangerous wild animals as pets or as roadside attractions . Owners of large , exotic animals are a menace to society , and it 's time for the delaying on the rule-making to end . " Fritz Douthitt , a volunteer at the Zanesville Animal Shelter Society , recalled Thompson 's 2005 trial for cruelty and torture of cattle and bison . She said he had not been able to get up the hill to feed his livestock , and they died . Douthitt said it is inappropriate for people like Thompson to keep dangerous animals as pets , just as it was to shoot so many of them . Local governments , she said , ought to train law enforcement officers so they are prepared for bizarre cases such as the one that unfolded in Zanesville . For lions , tigers and bears to die , she said , was "  unforgivable . "	"  We just could n't take the chance , " sheriff says Missing monkey may have been eaten , expert says "  Yeah , there 's a lion on Mount Perry Road " The owner killed himself after freeing the animals
Beijing , China  CNN  As New Year 's Eve messages go , Xi Jinping 's speech on national television was almost pitch-perfect . Highlighting continued economic growth and rising living standard in 2014 , the Chinese president -- entering the third year into his expected decade-long reign -- said he wanted to "  click the ` like ' button " for the country 's 1.3 billion citizens , whose "  support for officials at all levels " made such achievements possible . Xi -- who also heads the ruling Communist Party as well as the world 's largest standing army -- promised deeper reform and the rule of law in the coming year , comparing them to "  a bird 's two wings . " The 10-minute prerecorded address ended on an appeal for world peace . While he hit all the right notes , Xi saved the most dramatic metaphors for his massive anti-corruption campaign . The 61-year-old leader , considered China 's most powerful in decades , reiterated his "  zero-tolerance " stance , vowing to keep "  waving high the sword against corruption " and "  fastening the cage of regulations . " For a nation still largely ruled from behind closed doors , however , official pronouncements after a series of year-end leadership meetings have offered better clues on Xi 's ambitions and priorities in 2015 . Corruption fight In the last week of December , Xi presided over the gathering of the 25-member Politburo , the Communist Party 's elite decision-making body . "  Organizing cliques within the Party to run personal businesses is absolutely not tolerated , " read a statement issued after the meeting , while acknowledging the challenges in the ongoing fight against corruption , a lightning rod for mass discontent . The past year has certainly seen Xi break some powerful cliques involving an intricate web of officials , cronies and tycoons as well as billions of dollars worth of bribes and deals . He took down former domestic security czar Zhou Yongkang , likely soon to become the most senior Chinese official ever to face corruption charges ; General Xu Caihou , once the military 's second-in-command ; and Ling Jihua , a top aide to ex-President Hu Jintao . State media have touted them as the three biggest "  tigers " caught in Xi 's now two-year-old anti-graft campaign , with a stated goal of targeting both "  tigers and flies " -- high - and low-ranking officials . While applauded by many ordinary citizens , Xi 's ever-wider dragnet has also attracted increasing scrutiny . "  The question remains to be whether Xi is taking a page from Chairman Mao , " said longtime political analyst Willy Lam with the Chinese University of Hong Kong , noting the three fallen leaders were all considered to be Xi 's political opponents . "  Starting with Mao , corruption has been used to take down enemies of the more powerful faction . " For the sake of stability within the Party , Lam predicted a moratorium on the hunt for "  big tigers " -- anyone in the rank of a Politburo member and above -- in the next few years . READ MORE : Swatting flies ? Beijing 's fight to root out corruption Sustainable development Other observers even detect the anti-corruption campaign 's ominous effect on the economy , the world 's second largest . "  China 's economic success had relied on some very capable people , who also happened to be corrupt because of the system , " said economist Mao Yushi , one of the country 's leading liberal voices . He pointed to the example of former railway minister Liu Zhijun , who was often credited with turning the country 's high-speed rail network from nonexistent to the world 's largest in a few years . Liu received a suspended death sentence in 2013 for corruption and abuse of power . "  Now we 're getting rid of all of them , " Mao added . "  The new reality is that officials do n't want kickbacks but also feel no incentive to get anything done . " During a three-day economic policy meeting in early December , Xi and other top officials acknowledged the prospect of slower growth in 2015 -- probably still at an enviable rate of 7 % , though , according to most analysts . The leaders reaffirmed their commitment to more sustainable development , including more "  green " growth -- shortly before promulgating the country 's toughest environmental laws in 25 years . "  The central government finally has the political will to address environmental issues thanks to public awareness of the smog problem , " said Ma Jun , a leading environmentalist who directs the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs in Beijing . Welcoming the new law , Ma voiced his lingering concern : "  Weak enforcement has long been a big problem in China . " READ MORE : Xi Jinping 's push to add ` chilli pepper ' to China 's anti-corruption drive Master of the nation "  The rule of law " has become an unlikely catchphrase in state media since late October , when the Communist leadership made it the theme of a major meeting , and declared the importance of upholding the Constitution that enshrines the respect for human rights . "  Only if the Communist Party rules the country in line with the law , will people 's rights as the master of the nation be realized , " read a communiqué released after the gathering known as the Fourth Plenum . "  It 's the rule of law with Chinese characteristics , " said Lam , the Hong Kong analyst , before pointing to the Communist Party agency in charge of corruption probes . "  The Central Commission for Discipline Inspection is a powerful example of the Party operating outside the law -- the way it conducts its investigations . " The existence of a secretive process -- based on Party regulations instead of laws -- faced by accused Communist officials has come to light in recent years , amid reports of suspicious deaths of detainees in Party investigators ' custody . Several victims ' families have told CNN and other media that their loved ones were subject to lengthy detention and torture for refusing to admit wrongdoings . "  When the authorities do n't play by the rules , nobody has freedom from fear -- I know I do n't , " said Mo Shaoping , a prominent Beijing lawyer known for defending politically sensitive cases involving dissidents and activists . His current clients include Gao Yu , a veteran journalist accused of leaking state secrets , and Pu Zhiqiang , a famous human rights lawyer who may soon face subversion charges . Both were detained by police last year around the time of the 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen crackdown . "  I feel obligated to take these cases despite greater government pressure and personal risk , " Mo said . "  The rule of law is reflected in individual cases -- that 's why every case matters . " READ MORE : The Xi Jinping cipher : Reformer or a ` dictator ? ' Art serving socialism Lawyers are not the only group feeling the squeeze from the authorities . One of the hottest topics across Chinese cyberspace so far in 2015 has been the case of vanishing cleavage in a hit television show called "  The Empress of China . " Reflecting aesthetics in seventh century Tang dynasty , the historical drama -- depicting the life of the only woman who ruled China in her own right -- had featured ample female bosoms before being suddenly pulled off air in late December . When the series returned to air on New Year 's Day , viewers nationwide noticed crudely edited scenes , in which women were only shown in close-up shots to avoid revealing their chests . The show 's creators probably should have seen this coming , though , after Xi addressed a delegation of actors , dancers and writers in Beijing last October . Underscoring the need for art to serve socialism and foster correct worldviews , the president told the artists not to pursue commercial success at the expense of producing work with moral values . "  Popularity should not necessitate vulgarity , " Xi said . "  Pure sensual entertainment does not equate spiritual elation . " "  Anybody associated with thought work or ideology or the image of China -- everything is being squeezed or tightened or limited , " said Jeremy Goldkorn , a leading commentator on China 's media landscape . "  I think this is connected to Xi 's idea of the new normal , " he added . "  These things are going to go on , not just a cyclical campaign -- whether it 's anti-corruption or tightening up on media , ideological issues . " Already , signs were plenty throughout last year : universities and state-run think tanks warned to toe the Party line in their teaching and research , civil rights groups forced to cancel most public events , and Google 's popular Gmail service completely blocked in China . All the worrying developments have only confirmed some observers ' grim view on Xi 's signature political campaign . "  Fighting corruption is necessary , " offered economist Mao . "  But it 's a complex issue related to income , education , freedom of speech and the rule of law . Without fundamental changes in these areas , the campaign wo n't succeed in the long run . " "  There were expectations that once he consolidated power , he would launch far-reaching reforms -- but the past two years has not been encouraging , " said analyst Lam . "  The big question in 2015 is : How will Xi use his new-found supreme power ? " READ MORE : Xi Jinping 's success so far : Taking control by following Deng Xiaoping	Chinese president Xi Jinping 's New Year speech highlighted economic growth and rising living standards in 2014 2014 has seen Xi take down 3 top officials in China 's fight against corruption : Zhou Yongkang , Xu Caihou and Liu Zhijun He 's also taking aim at "  vulgar " art and entertainment , with cleavage censored in a hit TV show . Xi and other top officials acknowledged the prospect of slower economic growth in 2015
CNN  -- An Organization of American States commission condemned Monday the slayings last month of three Honduran political activists opposed to a military-led coup that removed the elected president in June . The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights also said it deplores the kidnappings , arbitrary detentions , torture , sexual violations and illegal raids that the panel maintains other members of the political resistance have suffered since the June 29 coup . The commission cited more than 50 detentions , eight cases of torture , two kidnappings , two rapes and one raid on a residence during the past month . The attacks have been made against members of the resistance , union members and journalists , as well as their children , the panel said . Honduras returned to democracy in January , and the newly installed government of President Porfirio Lobo Sosa bears responsibility for safeguarding civil liberties and human rights , the commission said . "  Honduras must adopt urgent measures to guarantee the rights to life , humane treatment and personal liberty , " the panel said in a report . "  All persons , without distinction , must be equally protected in the exercise of their rights to freedom of expression , assembly , and political participation . " Honduras ' top law enforcement official said he "  laments and deplores " violence that resulted from the coup that removed President Jose Manuel Zelaya from power and installed interim President Roberto Micheletti . "  We will strengthen our investigations aimed at clearing up these events , appointing a special squad that will produce the arrests of those responsible and the unrestricted application of justice , " Minister of Security Oscar Arturo Alvarez Guerrero said last week . Micheletti instituted martial law during his seven-month rule , and some Zelaya supporters say they were harassed , arrested or worse . Human rights will be respected under Lobo , who was elected in November and assumed the presidency January 27 , national Police Commissioner Leonel Sauceda said Monday . Alvarez has been in office for only about a month but has promised to tackle the problem , Sauceda said . The OAS commission said that one of the recently killed activists was 29-year-old Vanessa Zepeda Alonzo , who was found February 3 . According to the panel , witnesses said her body was thrown out of a car . Another activist , union member Julio Funez Benitez , was chatting outside his home in Olancho on February 15 when two men on a motorcycle fatally shot him twice , the rights commission said . A third person , Claudia Maritza Brizuela , 36 , was killed in her home February 24 , the commission said . She was the daughter of union and community leader Pedro Brizuela , who participated against the coup . "  Two unknown individuals came to her door , and when she opened it , Claudia Brizuela was shot and killed in front of her children , ages 2 and 8 , " the report said . The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights also expressed concern that activists ' family members are being threatened and harassed , with two of them killed in the past few weeks . "  The commission observes with dismay that it appears that sons and daughters of leaders of the Resistance Front are being killed , kidnapped , attacked and threatened as a strategy to silence the activists , " the report said . Dara Gudiel , 17 , was found hanged February 17 in Danli , the commission said . She was the daughter of journalist Enrique Gudiel , who broadcasts the resistance radio program "  Siempre al Frente con el Frente "  "  Always Up Front with the Front "  . "  Days before she was found hanged , Dara Gudiel had been released after having been kidnapped and held for two days , during which time she was alleged to have been physically mistreated , " the panel 's report said . Eight days earlier , the commission said , seven heavily armed men dressed in military uniforms and wearing ski masks abducted five members of a family active in the resistance . One of those taken captive , the panel said , was a young woman who reported in August being raped by four police officers who detained her in connection with an anti-coup demonstration . In the February 9 abduction , the armed men intercepted the vehicle in which the young woman was traveling with her brother , her sister and two other people . When the occupants offered to turn over the car keys , the report said , the men answered that they wanted the young woman , "  to see if she would report them this time . " "  The five were forced at gunpoint to walk into the mountains , where two of the women were sexually violated ; the third was the victim of robbery and death threats , and the two men were subjected to physical torture , " the report said . "  They were released hours later . " Analysts note that violence is not new to Honduras , nor is it limited in scope . The violence can be political , from all sides of the spectrum . It can be criminal , either random or organized . And it can occur in urban or rural areas . "  Unfortunately , Honduras has a history of violence , " said Otto Reich , who served the past three Republican presidents in a number of high-level Latin American posts . A State Department advisory admonishes that "  crime is endemic in Honduras and requires a high degree of caution by U.S. visitors and residents alike . U.S. citizens have been the victims of a wide range of crimes , including murder , kidnapping , rape , assault and property crimes . " Poverty , gangs and low apprehension and conviction rates contribute to a critical crime rate , including mass slayings , the State Department said . But political violence deserves special attention to safeguard democracy , the OAS panel said . "  People from all political sectors have the right to fully and freely exercise their right to freedom of expression and their right to assembly , without violence and in accordance with the law and with inter-American standards for the protection of human rights , " the report said . Reich , who supported Micheletti , spent three days in Honduras last week and met with Lobo , the new president . The new administration , Reich said , is committed to reconciliation and putting an end to divisions that resulted from the coup . Micheletti and the coup plotters maintained that Zelaya was trying to remain in power by maneuvering to hold a referendum that ultimately could have allowed him to run again . The nation 's congress had outlawed the vote , and the supreme court said it was unconstitutional . Reich said he hopes the OAS report does not blame the new government for the violence . But the report bears noting , he said . "  Any allegation of violations of human rights has to be taken very seriously , especially in a country with a history of human rights violations , " Reich said . "  There 's a lot of ad hoc violence , but if there 's organized violence against political supporters of Zelaya , then that is wrong , and it should be condemned . " The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights is an autonomous panel created by the OAS . The commission consists of seven independent members who act in a personal capacity , without representing a particular country . They are elected by the OAS General Assembly .	Organization of American States panel targets kidnappings , torture , raids Report says political activists have suffered since June coup New president must safeguard rights , report says Security minister has promised to tackle problem
Mental Floss  -- Perhaps your history teachers failed to alert you to these Civil War facts : Jefferson Davis nearly got mugged by an angry female mob ; Abraham Lincoln loved the Confederate anthem "  Dixie , " and Paul Revere was a Civil War casualty . "  Dixie " was was a huge hit across the country and quickly became one of Abraham Lincoln 's favorite tunes . The Civil War , in addition to being among the defining moments of U.S. history , is also the source of some bizarre and surprisingly cool trivia . 1 . Lincoln 's first solution to slavery was a fiasco Early in his presidency , Abe was convinced that white Americans would never accept black Americans . "  You and we are different races , " the president told a committee of "  colored " leaders in August 1862 . " ... But for your race among us there could not be war ... It is better for us both , therefore , to be separated . " Lincoln proposed voluntary emigration to Central America , seeing it as a more convenient destination than Liberia . This idea did n't sit well with leaders like Frederick Douglass , who considered colonization to be "  a safety valve ... for white racism . " Luckily for Douglass  and the country  , colonization failed spectacularly . One of the first attempts was on Île à Vache , a.k.a. Cow Island , a small isle off the coast of Haiti . The island was owned by land developer Bernard Kock , who claimed he had approved a black American colony with the Haitian government . No one bothered to call him on that claim . Following a smallpox outbreak on the boat ride down , hundreds of black colonizers were abandoned on the island with no housing prepared for them , as Kock had promised . To make matters worse , the soil on Cow Island was too poor for any serious agriculture . In January 1864 , the Navy rescued the survivors from the ripoff colony . Once Île à Vache fell through , Lincoln never spoke of colonization again.Mental Floss : 6 Historical Events People Love to Reenact 2 . Hungry ladies effectively mugged Jefferson Davis The Confederacy 's image hinged on the notion that the rebellious states made up a unified , stable nation . However , the hard times of war exposed just how much disunity there was in Dixieland . Civilians in both the North and South had to cope with scarcity and increased food prices , but the food situation was especially bad in the South because outcomes on the battlefield were directly linked to the CSA 's currency -- rising food prices were hard enough to deal with without wild fluctuations in what the money in your pocket could buy . Invading northern troops , of course , poured salt on the wounds of scarcity , burning crops and killing livestock . But in Richmond , Virginia , those who could n't afford the increasingly pricey food blamed the Confederate government . Hungry protesters , most of whom were women , led a march "  to see the governor " in April 1863 that quickly turned violent . They overturned carts , smashed windows , and drew out Governor John Letcher and President Jefferson Davis . Davis threw money at the protesters , trying to get them to clear out , but the violence continued . So , he threatened to order the militia to open fire , which settled things down pretty quickly . 3 . The Union used hot air balloons and submarines The balloons , directed by aeronaut Thaddeus Lowe , were used to spot enemy soldiers and coordinate Federal troop movements . During his first battlefield flight , at First Bull Run , Lowe landed behind Confederate lines , but he was rescued . The Union Army Balloon Corps got no respect from military officials , and Lowe resigned when he was assigned to serve , at a lower pay grade , under the director of the Army Corps of Engineers . In all , the balloonists were active for a little under two years . Mental Floss : 7 Modern Flying Car Designs In contrast , the paddle-powered Alligator submarine saw exactly zero days of combat  which is why it ca n't officially be called the U.S.S. Alligator  . It suffered from some early testing setbacks , but after some speed-boosting tweaks , it was dispatched for Port Royal , South Carolina , with an eye towards aiding in the sack of Charleston . It was to be towed south by the U.S.S. Sumpter , but it had to be cut loose off of North Carolina on April 2 , 1863 , when bad weather struck . Divers and historians are still looking for the Alligator today . But the undersea capers do n't end there . A few months after the loss of the Alligator , the CSA launched their own submarine , the H.L. Hunley , named after its inventor . The Hunley attacked and sank the U.S.S. Housatonic off the coast of Charleston , making it the first submarine ever to sink an enemy ship . The only problem is that it also sank soon afterwards , and all eight crewmen drowned . 4 . "  Dixie " was only a northern song The precise details of when composer Dan Emmett wrote "  Dixie " seemed to change every time he told the story  and some even dispute that Emmett was the author in the first place  . But he first performed it in New York City in 1859 , with the title "  I Wish I Was in Dixie 's Land . " Emmett was a member of a blackface troupe known as the Bryant 's Minstrels , but he was indignant when he found out that his song had become an unofficial anthem of the Confederacy . He went on to write a musicians ' marching manual for the Northern army . Before and during the war , the song was a huge hit in New York and across the country , and quickly became one of Abraham Lincoln 's favorite tunes . The day after the Surrender at Appomattox , Lincoln told a crowd of Northern revelers , "  I have always thought ` Dixie ' was one of the best tunes I have ever heard . Our adversaries over the way attempted to appropriate it , but I insisted yesterday that we fairly captured it . " He then asked a nearby band to play it in celebration . 5 . Paul Revere was at Gettysburg Paul Joseph Revere , that is the famous Paul Revere 's grandson . Unfortunately for fans of the first Revere and his partly mythical Ride , PJR was in the infantry , not the cavalry , with the 20th Massachusetts . He and his brother Edward were captured at the Battle of Ball 's Bluff in October 1861 . After being released in a prisoner exchange , the Reveres rejoined the fight . Paul was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in September , 1862 , shortly before he was wounded in the brutal Battle of Antietam  a.k.a. the Battle of Sharpsburg  . Edward , however , was n't so lucky -- he was one of more than 2,000 Union soldiers who did n't make it out of Sharpsburg , Maryland , alive . By the following year , Paul was promoted again to Colonel , leading the 20th Massachusetts at Chancellorsville and , in his final days , at Gettysburg . On July 3 , 1863 , he was mortally wounded by a shell fragment that pierced his lung , and he died the next day . He was posthumously promoted again to Brigadier General , and is buried in Cambridge , Massachusetts.Mental Floss : 10 Things to Remember About Memorial Day 6 . Mark Twain fired one shot and then left At least , that 's what he claimed in "  The Private History of a Campaign that Failed , " a semi-fictional short story published in 1885 , after The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , but before A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur 's Court . In it , he recounts a whopping two weeks spent in 1861 with a Confederate militia in Marion County , Missouri . But he introduces the tale by saying that even the people who enlisted at the start of the war , and then left permanently , "  ought at least be allowed to state why they did n't do anything and also to explain the process by which they did n't do anything . Surely this kind of light must have some sort of value . " Twain writes that there were fifteen men in the rebel militia , the "  Marion Rangers , " and he was the second lieutenant , even though they had no first lieutenant . After Twain 's character shoots and kills a Northern horseback rider , he is overwhelmed by the sensation of being a murderer , "  that I had killed a man , a man who had never done me any harm . That was the coldest sensation that ever went through my marrow . " However , his grief is slightly eased by the realization that six men had fired their guns , and only one had been able to hit the moving target . 7 . The armies were n't all-male Hundreds of women on both sides pulled a Mulan , assuming male identities and appearances so that they might fight for their respective nations . Some of them did it for adventure , but many did it for monetary reasons : the pay for a male soldier was about $ 13 month , which was close to double what a woman could make in any profession at the time . Also , being a man gave someone a lot more freedoms than just being able to wear pants . Remember , this was still more than half a century away from women 's suffrage and being a man meant that you could manage your monthly $ 13 wages independently . So it should come as no surprise that many of these women kept up their aliases long after the war had ended , some even to the grave . Their presence in soldiers ' ranks was n't the best-kept secret . Some servicewomen kept up correspondence with the home front after they changed their identities , and for decades after the war newspapers ran article after article chronicling the stories of woman soldiers , and speculating on why they might break from the accepted gender norms . Perhaps not surprisingly , in 1909 the U.S. Army denied that "  any woman was ever enlisted in the military service of the United States as a member of any organization of the Regular or Volunteer Army at any time during the period of the civil war . " For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Hundreds of women in both armies dressed as men so they could serve Confederate anthem "  Dixie " was a favorite of Abraham Lincoln 's Confederate President Jefferson Davis was effectively mugged by a gang of women Paul Revere 's grandson fought at the Battle of Gettysburg
Washington  CNN  -- First lady Michelle Obama invited more than 20 accomplished women to the White House on Wednesday , asking them to serve as mentors for area high school students . The women , along with the first lady , fanned out across the District of Columbia and surrounding suburbs in the afternoon visiting six local high schools encouraging the teenagers to follow their dreams and work hard to get there . "  There is no magic to being here . You know , Barack and I were not born with silver spoons in our mouths and connections and money and resources . A lot of why we 're where we are today is because we worked hard . We felt a deep passion for getting our education , " the first lady told students at Ballou High school in Washington . She recalled having to get up as a child at 6:30 a.m. to ride a bus for an hour and a half to attend a better high school across town , for better preparation for college . "  I know what it feels like to struggle to get the education that you need . In so many ways , I see myself in you all , " Mrs. Obama shared . "  And I want you to see yourselves in me , so that you 're not looking at me just as the first lady of the United States . " Mrs. Obama 's events on Wednesday were scheduled as part of the end of National Women 's History month . At Washington 's Woodson High school , the four mentors included an Air Force general , a TV network executive , an actress and a gymnastics champion who all answered questions for more than 20 female students . "  Good , old-fashioned hard work , that is the only thing that separates you from the crowd , " said actress Rashida Jones , currently starring in the television series "  Parks and Recreation . " "  Do n't feel like you have to be defined by your circumstances , " she added . Olympic gold medalist Dominique Dawes told the students that they should keep their attitudes positive . "  Whenever I 've gone into something with a negative attitude , something negative has come out of it , " she said . The students had several questions for Gen. Dana Born , currently dean of the faculty at the Air Force Academy in Colorado , including what it was like to be one of the few women attending the Air Force Academy when she began several decades ago , and whether or not she had ever felt discrimination for being a woman . Born told the students that they needed to find their strength and then "  practice , practice , practice " to reach success . Nina Lederman , vice president for program development at Lifetime Networks told the students that she had originally wanted to be an actress , but when it became apparent that she did n't have the acting talent , she shifted to a career in production . All 20 of the women mentors returned to the White House on Wednesday evening for dinner in the East Room with about 120 area students . CNN 's Becky Brittain contributed to this report .	The first lady is leading a mentoring effort for high school students Michelle Obama invited more than 20 accomplished women to the White House They fanned out through Washington-area schools with a message Work hard and follow your dreams , they told students
CNN  -- For Paul Martin , fascinating history is a loud discovery in a quiet library . The stories sneak up on him while he 's on other quests , such as the time Martin was trying to find the first American awarded a military medal and found Hercules Mulligan , a forgotten spy who saved George Washington 's life twice . Martin has collected the stories of 30 Americans left out of the history textbooks in his new book , "  Secret Heroes : Everyday Americans Who Shaped Our World . " Some other characters Martin brings to life include Henry Beachell , whose invention of "  miracle rice " fed and supported Asia , Cynthia Ann Parker 's steadfast endurance of 24 years of Native American captivity and Jonathan Letterman , whose medical organization on the battlefield revolutionized the treatment of wounded soldiers and saved countless lives during the Civil War . "  These characters were relatively unknown , but what they did has had ripples that continue to affect us , " Martin said . "  Hercules Mulligan saved the life of the father of our country . Think of what would have happened if he had n't been a tailor in New York City . "  Everyday Americans have had a huge impact on our history -- it is n't always presidents and generals who set the course for the country . " The characters called to him from the pages of history books , whispered from brief mentions of TV shows and clambered from the pages of historical society records , all begging to share their stories with someone who would listen . "  Secret Heroes " is the latest offering in a continuous genre of books that aim to remind us of our forgotten past and changes how we understand it . Martin has lived through history and has been captivated by it . He worked as a journalist during the Vietnam War , chronicling Vietnam 's struggle to reconnect itself . Then he worked for the National Geographic Society for 30 years , the last 10 as executive editor for National Geographic Traveler . Throughout the years , a single running theme has connected his experiences : lifting the underdog . Unearthing forgotten stories from the country 's founding is a way to remind us what everyday people are capable of accomplishing . But why do people care today ? Kenneth C. Davis , author of the famed "  Do n't Know Much About ... " series and "  America 's Hidden History , " says that history is n't a dead thing of the past but an actively created and revised thing that affects our decisions every day . "  In school , we focus on the ` important people ' and Founding Fathers , but what that ` great man version ' of history does is really leave out an awful lot of people who have tremendous impact , " Davis said . When Davis was in high school history class in 1968 , women , African-Americans and Native Americans were noticeably absent from the textbook . Revisionism is a dirty word to some , but Davis said it 's an important aspect of history . Teachers and textbook writers still struggle today to include ethnic heritage , but some school districts aim to keep the same version of history we 've always been taught , case being Tuscon 's suspension of Mexican-American studies . "  We need to revise history because we learn things all of the time about the stories and people who were left out , " he said . This is especially the case in elementary school history classes , he said . Myths about George Washington chopping down a cherry tree are taught in the place of truth , so history starts on a shaky foundation of fiction , Davis said . Learning truth in the place of fiction later in high school makes history harder to grasp . "  People want to paint a picture of the past that is filled with pride and patriotism , especially for children , and that is a valuable thing , " he said . "  It gives us a sense of national identity and character , but it creates a very false history that is sanitized of the stories that do n't fit in neatly with the real history . " Retired American history teacher Jane Serkedakis watched textbooks change dramatically during her 33-year career . She does n't believe that children are necessarily taught "  wrong " information at a young age , she said , but there 's an unbalanced emphasis on certain aspects of American history . "  It would be difficult to deal with third-graders and American history 's real nuances of slavery , " she said . "  It is in high school where we examine Thomas Jefferson as a paradox -- he owned slaves but was a complete champion of democracy . They are n't taught wrong , it 's just that they ca n't go into all of that detail at such a young age . " The emphasis on military history consumes the curriculum for high school history classes . The emphasis turned off students who wanted to learn more than dates and battles ; people , places and facts , not dates , make history come to life , Serkedakis said . In her Advanced Placement U.S. history class for 11th-graders , Serkedakis included a "  visitors " assignment for each era , where students played the part of important figures in American history and brought them to life in the classroom . Books such as "  Secret Heroes " can be a resource for teachers to use in this way , she said . It is this approach to teaching history that Rick Beyer , author of "  The Greatest Stories Never Told " and "  The Ghost Army of World War II , " finds most beneficial to students . Realizing that names and figures of the past were living , breathing human beings makes them as relatable as finding your grandfather 's address in the newly released the 1940 census documents , he said . John Quincy Adams , son of second President John Adams , is a prime example , Beyer said . Fact tells us that Adams walked out of the White House and went skinny-dipping in the Potomac River each day . "  It does n't change your understanding of American history , but suddenly that guy seems less like an old black-and-white photograph , and a little more like a person , " Beyer said . "  If you restrict yourself to the Wikipedia version of history , you lose all of the color , delight and excitement of the adventure that is the lives of each one of these people . " Because history is everything that ever happened , from every war to every love affair , the untold stories that turn expectations upside down are the ones worth exploring , Beyer said . And because what we care about at 26 or 36 differs greatly from the portrait of our interest at 16 , discovering history for the first time a decade or two after high school can make those stories even more important . That is what Davis , Beyer and Martin aim to remind us with their books , bursting with the people and places lost to time and rekindled in lifelike detail . Every good story is one worth retelling , and our own history is full of them , many filled with the undeniable spirit and tenacity of the patriotic principles we learn from myths . "  There really are two large categories of heroes , " Martin said of his book 's title . "  Most of us think of someone as a hero who risks his or her life when there is some immediate danger -- a soldier rescuing a fellow on the battlefield . "  But the other type of hero is one who simply perseveres , who overcomes overwhelming odds , even if it might take an entire lifetime . "	Authors : Everyday Americans have influenced history as much as presidents , generals Reviving forgotten history allows people to connect with their pasts Author Kenneth C. Davis believes history must be constantly revised
CNN  -- The first ever video footage of a giant squid swimming in the ocean depths is "  an enormous breakthrough , " according to a prominent marine conservationist who wrote a book about the quest to find the mysterious creatures . "  People have been searching for them for hundreds of years , literally , " said Richard Ellis , the author of "  The Search for the Giant Squid : The Biology and Mythology of the World 's Most Elusive Sea Creature . " Scientists and television broadcasters released images this week of the 10-foot-long giant squid they had filmed deep in the Pacific Ocean , far off the coast of the Japanese mainland , during hundreds of hours of underwater research . The discovery is significant for both science and mythology , in which giant squids have long played a notable role , Ellis said in an interview on CNN . "  We 're going to learn how this thing moves , " he said . "  How it swims , what it does with its arms when it swims . " He described the squid as having eight arms and "  two very , very long tentacles which it uses to grasp its prey . " Its limbs have suckers lined with sharp teeth . Monsters reminiscent of giant squids have been featured in fables and imagery through the ages , like the Kraken in Norse legend and the Scylla in Greek mythology . "  For a long time , people did n't even think they existed , " Ellis said . The carcasses of dead giant squid that washed ashore eventually proved that the creatures were real , but finding live ones in the wild has proved extremely challenging . The first still photographs of one of the huge creatures were captured in 2004 , and footage was taken of one floating on the surface of the water in 2006 . But researchers and cameramen had never before managed to catch a glimpse of them in the ocean abyss where they live . The mission that finally tracked down the creature involved 55 dives in two special submersible vehicles that spent a total of more than 285 hours far beneath the waves . Some of the dives went deeper than 3,000 feet . The team of scientists and filmmakers on the mission came from a variety of institutions , including the National Science Museum of Japan , the Discovery Channel and the Japanese broadcaster NHK . They used equipment including "  ultra-sensitive camera systems with light invisible to squid , bio luminescent lures and secret squid attractants , " the Discovery Channel said . NHK and the Discovery Channel say they plan to air their programs about the squid sighting this month .	The 10-foot-long giant squid was caught on tape deep in the Pacific Ocean The creatures had never before been filmed in their natural habitat The discovery is significant for science and mythology , a marine expert says
CNN  -- Top-billed Julia Roberts is comprehensively miscast in "  Mirror Mirror , " the first of the year 's two big-budget , live-action "  Snow White " movies . Even so , this pretty bauble of a picture -- which looks like it was filmed in a giant snow globe - scrapes together enough invention , exuberance and goofiness to skate over this blatant misstep , and Roberts herself is so willing to give it the old college try you wind up rooting for her regardless . She plays the evil Queen , Snow White 's murderous stepmother -- a role that calls for cold-blooded malice , arrogance , cunning and class , qualities conspicuously lacking in this warm , earthy , intuitive actress , and who settles for a snooty  but inconsistent  English accent as the next best thing . Still , good for Julia for having some fun at the expense of midlife vanity . As we all know , the Queen is hung up on what her mirror tells her about getting old -- she ca n't bear being eclipsed in the beauty stakes by her stepdaughter Snow  Lily Collins , Phil 's daughter  . In one of the movie 's funniest jibes , she submits to an excruciating beauty treatment involving bird poop , snails and scorpion stings  a fairytale botox  to give her that extra edge -- a regimen that 's probably only a slight exaggeration on what Hollywood royalty routinely puts up with to keep in front of the cameras past a certain age . Roberts , 44 , has never been that kind of glamour-puss . It 's her personality that makes her so attractive , so she can afford to smile . And she cuts quite a figure in the outrageously decadent dresses , designed for her by Eiko Ishioka . The Japanese stylist , who died in January , is best known in the West for her costumes for Francis Ford Coppola 's "  Bram Stoker 's Dracula " as well as pop stars Bjork and Grace Jones , and the opening ceremony at the Beijing Olympics . Ishioka 's aggressively sumptuous , sometimes surrealistic , creations have also been a staple in all three of Tarsem Singh 's previous films : "  The Cell , " "  The Fall " and , recently , "  Immortals . " Her contribution to "  Mirror Mirror " is so pronounced , it 's only fitting the film is dedicated to her . Roberts ' gowns include a vermilion peacock creation so ornate it requires its own tax levy on the hard-pressed peasantry -- but Ishioka 's genius is equally well displayed in the perfectly chosen headwear that goes a long way to distinguishing the personalities of the film 's seven dwarfs . These pugnacious rogues  Napoleon , Wolf , Grub , Butcher and Grimm are some of their names  are a very different crew from Disney 's loveable gold-diggers , but they 're Singh 's best defense against a wobbly , hit-and-miss script . Woodland bandits , they dress up as bandy-legged giants  Ishioka provides them with stilts that seem to be made of accordion sleeves  to set upon unwary travelers , like Armie Hammer 's Prince Alcott . In due course , they take in the exiled Snow -- in return for housecleaning and cooking services -- and teach her how to stand on her own two feet . Collins is charming as the innocent princess , the poison apple in her stepmother 's eye , but the film 's real surprise is the tongue-in-cheek tone , a lightness that stands in sharp relief to the turgid breast-beating this filmmaker went in for in "  Immortals . " It 's been a while since Nathan Lane got this much screen time to camp it up , as the Queen 's butler , Brighton  even if he does spend some of it in the form of cockroach  , and Hammer 's a hoot as the arrogant -- but oh-so-eligible -- prince . "  Mirror Mirror " may not add up to the sum of its better parts -- and it 's a curious time of year to release it -- but there should be an audience for a frivolous family film with this many frills and ruffles .	In "  Mirror Mirror , " Julia Roberts plays the evil queen , Snow White 's murderous stepmother Lily Collins is charming as the innocent princess Armie Hammer 's a hoot as the arrogant -- but oh-so-eligible -- prince
CNN  -- There is a striking contrast between the issues being discussed at the climate talks in Cancun , Mexico , this week , and news reports of the views voiced by some of the incoming freshmen to the House of Representatives . In Cancun , where the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change conference will be meeting until Friday , there are talks about targets for emissions cuts , the role of deforestation and the effect on climate if we continue with a business-as-usual approach on emissions . Meanwhile , in Washington , D.C. , some new members the new congressional intake have expressed either disbelief or ignorance about how humans influence climate change . Both sets of discussions are mired in seemingly intractable political and economic issues . However , in both environments , science can play an important role in breaking the logjam . Policymakers are used to the complexity of balancing different interests or shaping economic policy , but they are n't generally very familiar with the complexities of atmospheric science . These matter because actions that policymakers can take -- whether on raising vehicle mileage standards , promoting rural electrification in Asia or mandating renewable energy portfolios for power generation -- do n't just have positive impacts for climate . They can also produce on-the-ground effects that citizens  and voters  can readily appreciate : reduced air pollution and smog , improved public health and strengthened ecosystems and water resources . These co-benefits occur through the actions of atmospheric chemistry and wind patterns and via the physics of such things as how clouds form and how soot falling on snow can change the way the sun 's rays are reflected . But while these effects are complex , scientists can now more comprehensively assess the environmental effect for any specific policy that is suggested . Unfortunately , the agencies and organizations that bring the science of climate to the attention of policymakers  like the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change or the National Academies  have too often focused on science that is interesting to scientists , rather than the science that would be of most use to policymakers . This is beginning to change , and far more people in the scientific community are now on board with the idea that science can directly answer questions that policymakers are interested in . New initiatives from the American Geophysical Union or individual groups of scientists can help provide access to that information more efficiently than the multiyear assessment bodies . Indeed , since many scientists are publicly funded , part of our mission is to make our expertise available to the wider society . Many of those scientists even live in the same districts or states as the new representatives and can perhaps usefully communicate across a perceived partisan divide . Here are two examples of how more appropriate science can help make better policy : • Recent work from NASA has shown that reductions in tailpipe emissions from cars and trucks in the United States , resulting from a shift toward more plugin-hybrid vehicles , would help the climate by reducing emissions of carbon dioxide , ozone precursors and soot particles  three of the main drivers of global warming  . But ozone and soot are also big contributors to smog and its noxious effect on health , and reductions can also have immediate benefits on local populations . • In Asia , using coal and biomass in homes for heating or cooking are important factors in creating the "  atmospheric brown cloud " that is damaging the health of Chinese and Indian populations , and causing changes in temperature and rainfall . Climate policy initiatives that tackle these issues provide incentives at both the large , regional scale of China and India and the small scale affecting congressional districts . My point is not that if policymakers knew more science they would all agree on measures to deal with global warming . This would be naive . Rather , it is that by appreciating more of the nuances , they will be able to find paths forward that reflect their priorities and values and help improve the climate outlook , too . The freshman congressional caucus was elected on a promise to end business as usual in Washington . With help , they might be able to end business as usual on climate-changing emissions , too . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gavin Schmidt .	Gavin Schmidt : There 's a gulf between Cancun climate goals , views of some new to Congress It would help if scientists could show link between climate change , voters ' lives , he says He says scientists are increasingly aware of need to explain this link to policymakers Schmidt : Scientists must make goals on climate change meld with policymaker concerns
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and his administration "  strongly condemn the outrageous and deplorable violence that 's taken place on the streets of Cairo today " and want it to end quickly , White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said Wednesday . Supporters of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak attacked anti-government demonstrators in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , and the ensuing violence killed three people and injured more than 600 , according to Egypt 's health minister . "  It is our hope that what we saw today we wo n't see tomorrow or Friday or into the weekend , " Gibbs told reporters . "  Obviously ... this is not all going to be wrapped up in a matter of hours . It 's going to take some time . " Gibbs reiterated the Obama administration 's opposition to any violence in the Egypt demonstrations , either by Egyptian security forces , protesters or criminal elements . He added that if the Egyptian government is instigating any of the violence , "  it should stop immediately . " At the State Department , spokesman P.J. Crowley called the attacks by what he described as "  thugs " a clear attempt to intimidate the anti-government protesters , who were demonstrating for a ninth straight day . The United States does n't know the identity of the "  thugs , " Crowley said , adding that others have identified them as "  supporters of the government . " In an operation that started Monday , more than 1,900 U.S. citizens and their family members have been evacuated from Egypt , Crowley said , adding that further evacuations would take place Thursday . The attacks came the day after Mubarak announced he would not seek re-election as part of a series of political reforms . Opposition activists and protesters , however , said Mubarak must step down immediately with a caretaker unity government running the country until elections for president and a new parliament can take place . It was unclear whether such confrontations were being repeated elsewhere . Other Cairo neighborhoods were calm , and contesting rallies in Egypt 's second largest city , Alexandria , were largely peaceful . Gibbs said the time for a political transition in Egypt "  is now " because the Egyptian people "  need to see change , " and a "  meaningful transition must include opposition voices and parties being involved in this process as we move toward free and fair elections . " At the same time , Gibbs noted that events in Egypt "  have moved enormously quickly in a very volatile region of the world , " adding : "  What we 're watching is history being made . " High-level contacts between the U.S. and Egyptian governments continued Wednesday , with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton talking to newly appointed Egyptian Vice President Omar Suleiman , Crowley said . And Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Defense Secretary Robert Gates spoke by phone with Egypt 's defense minister on Wednesday , their third conversation in recent days . Those contacts followed separate meetings on Monday between former U.S. ambassador to Egypt Frank Wisner , who traveled to Cairo to deliver a message on behalf of Obama , with Mubarak and Suleiman , according to Crowley . A senior State Department official said on condition of not being identified that Mubarak has "  a narrow amount of time " to make changes or take steps , with more demonstrations planned for Friday . However , the official said "  there is a sentiment in the  Egyptian  government they can outlive the protesters . " "  This is a false assumption , " the official said . "  They are not going away . " Meanwhile , a senior U.S. official who spoke on condition of not being identified expressed concern that Mubarak loyalists might have unleashed pro-Mubarak forces to intimidate protesters . The Obama administration believes Mubarak 's inner circle is debating whether Mubarak needs to do more to meet protester demands , according to the senior U.S. official . However , an Egyptian government official said on condition of not being identified that his government has a "  serious problem " with how the Obama administration has been "  spinning " the events to give the impression that Mubarak 's statement Tuesday night resulted from pressure from Obama . "  This is Mubarak 's decision , " the Egyptian official said . "  Clearly , yes , he has been listening to the messages coming from the administration ... but at the end of the day , this is a decision he had come to on his own in the interests of Egypt , first and foremost , and as he said , as a result of listening very carefully to the demands of the Egyptian people . " The Egyptian official said his government has rejected calls by Obama and other world leaders to begin the transition now . "  This is an Egyptian process , " the official said . "  What President Mubarak said is that his primary responsibility is to ensure security and order so as to ensure a peaceful transfer of power so that the Egyptian people may decide their next leader in the upcoming presidential elections . " The official noted that the steps announced by Mubarak included the resignation of the government , formation of a new cabinet , appointment of Suleiman as vice president , announcing he will not run again , planned changes to the constitution , opening a dialogue with the opposition and various issues involving last year 's parliamentary elections . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott , Chris Lawrence and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	U.S. officials stop short of blaming Egyptian government for attacks on protesters Gibbs : Change in Egypt has to begin now A U.S. source says Mubarak might try to wait out the protesters More than 1,900 U.S. citizens and family members have been evacuated
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- In a meeting Friday with his Italian counterpart , British Foreign Secretary William Hague sought to explain why Rome had not been consulted before a failed rescue attempt that resulted in the deaths Thursday in Nigeria of two hostages -- an Italian and a Briton . "  Mr. Hague made clear that there had been a limited opportunity to secure the release of the two hostages whose lives were in imminent and growing danger , " said a joint UK-Italian statement issued by Britain 's Foreign & Commonwealth Office . "  Under these circumstances it was only possible to inform Italy once the operation was already getting under way . " The meeting between Hague and Italian Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi di Sant ` Agata took place at a foreign ministers meeting in Copenhagen . "  Mr. Terzi expressed deep sorrow and disappointment over the tragic outcome of the operation and both ministers agreed on the urgency of sharing full information to facilitate the reconstruction and understanding of these events , " the statement said . Britain 's failure to consult Rome before the failed rescue attempt was "  inexplicable , " the Italian president said earlier Friday . Italy said Britain did not inform it before the attempt , carried out in conjunction with Nigerian forces , to rescue Briton Chris McManus and Italian national Franco Lamolinara , who were kidnapped last year . "  A clarification on the political-diplomatic level is also needed , " Italian President Giorgio Napolitano said . The kidnappers killed the men while the raid to free them was under way , according to British government sources briefed on the matter . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has said the men were killed before the joint forces could reach their hideout in the northern state of Sokoto . A spokesman for British Prime Minister David Cameron told Britain 's Press Association the government notified Rome as "  the operation was getting under way , " describing it as a "  very fast-moving " situation . The UK ambassador to Italy , Christopher Prentice , spoke to Italian authorities in Rome on Friday "  on his own initiative to explain events , " the British Foreign Office said . Nigerian forces , with support from Britain , launched the operation after receiving credible information about the captives ' location , Cameron said . McManus and Lamolinara worked for the construction and civil engineering firm B. Stabilini and Co. , which is based in Abuja . A message on the company 's website Friday read simply "  In loving memory of Chris & Franco . RIP from all your friends at B. Stabilini & Co. Ltd. " McManus , 28 , was from northwest England , the British Foreign Office said . Lamolinara , 47 , and married with two teenage children , hailed from the northern Italian town of Gattinara , the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera reported . Jonathan blamed the kidnapping and killings on Boko Haram , the militant Islamist terror group responsible for dozens of attacks in Nigeria in the past two years . The circumstances behind the men 's deaths were unclear , but Jonathan said authorities detained the alleged captors . "  Perpetrators of the murderous act , who have all been arrested , will be made to face the full wrath of the law , " the president said in a statement on the government website . But a statement posted on a pro-jihad forum on which the militant group has been active in recent months denies any link . "  The hostage-taking operation was not a Boko Haram one , we have always claimed responsibilities for our attacks , beware allowing the Kaffir -LSB- infidel -RSB- government of Nigeria to mislead you , " it says . In December , a Nigerian group calling itself "  al Qaeda in the land beyond the Sahil " announced that it had captured McManus , according to the Press Association in Britain . Cameron said he had worked to free the two men since they were kidnapped in May 2011 and authorized the rescue attempt . Authorities could not find the men for months , he said , but eventually got credible information about their location , and "  a window of opportunity " presented itself . "  The terrorists holding the two hostages made very clear threats to take their lives , including in a video that was posted on the Internet , " Cameron said . "  Boko Haram " translates from the local Hausa language as "  Western education is forbidden . " Authorities have said the militant group is behind attacks that have killed scores of people in recent years . CNN 's Claudia Rebaza , Nkepile Mabuse , Nima Elbagir , and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	Envoy cites "  imminent and growing danger " in explaining failure to inform Rome sooner Ambassador William Hague speaks to Italians to "  explain events " Italy says Britain 's failure to consult it before the rescue bid is "  inexplicable " Abductors seized the men in northwestern Nigeria in May
Travel + Leisure  -- Nothing , but nothing , has the power to spoil New Orleans ' appetite . The people of this city love to eat , and they eat it all -- from simply fried oysters and perfectly dressed po ' boys to cutting-edge dishes served Cajun style . Here , a meal-by-meal primer of the Big Easy from a lucky visitor who came to eat and stayed to listen . A classic meat biscuit at Mother 's Breakfast When local business owners pulled together in move-on mode and reopened faster than seemed possible after Hurricane Katrina , natives dubbed Magazine Street , a six-mile ribbon of shops and restaurants , the "  aisle of denial . " Only a few blocks away , on the edge of the Central Business District , Mother 's reopened with Vice Admiral Thad Allen , head of the disaster relief effort , as its first customer . Regulars and tourists alike line up to order at the counter , cafeteria-style , but dishes such as grits and debris  roast-beef edges in gravy  or red-bean omelets with baked ham and biscuits are delivered to your Formica-topped table by old-time waitresses who may well call you darlin ' . Mellow Coffea Café  3218 Dauphine St.  , in Bywater , a picturesque residential neighborhood a mile or so downriver from the French Quarter , doubles as a gallery space for local artists and has a genuine bohemian charm . Try their café au lait  equal parts chicory coffee and steamed milk  , sweet potato pancakes , or the savory "  huevos crepe , " filled with eggs and black beans and served with a side of Southern hospitality : a half-dozen bottles of hot sauce , including the tangy Louisiana favorite , Crystal . iReport.com : Send your photos of New Orleans Do n't leave the neighborhood without swinging by homey corner restaurant Elizabeth 's for fried chicken livers with pepper jelly or lacquered praline bacon , baked in brown sugar with crumbled pecans and tasting -- if you can imagine it -- like pig candy . The hand-lettered sign , swaying when the breeze blows off the river , promises REAL FOOD DONE REAL GOOD . For weekend brunch , order "  red neck eggs "  poached and served over fried green tomatoes with grits  and sweet rice fritters called calas , a nearly extinct regional specialty . Travel + Leisure : World 's craziest party towns Lunch Founded in 1919 by Italian immigrants , Casamento 's takes pride in its oyster loaf : a sandwich of fried oysters layered between two slices of house-made buttery white bread  rather than a French-style po ' boy roll  . But check the calendar , because the tiny Garden District oyster house is only open in the cooler "  r " months . If the time is right , plunk those freshly shucked oversize warm-water oysters onto some saltines and wash them down with the coldest local Abita Golden beer in town . During the summer "  r-less " months , there 's always La Petite Grocery  4238 Magazine St.  , a cozy neighborhood bistro nearby . Chef Justin Devillier 's top-notch half-pound burger comes with his house-made pickles and sweet Vidalia-onion marmalade . There 's only one way to end the debate over where to find the best po ' boy in town : head for the Parkway Bakery & Tavern . Whether you go for the roast beef with gravy or golden fried shrimp , the basic anatomy of Parkway 's perfect rendition is always the same : "  dressed "  lettuce , tomato , mayonnaise , and pickles  on distinctive New Orleans-style French bread  lightly crisped crust , interior as airy as cotton candy  from the celebrated Leidenheimer Bakery . Nothing better , nowhere else . A grande dame of French Creole cooking since 1905 , and still family-owned , the clubby Galatoire 's has long earned its place in the social scene . If you sit in the mirrored ground-floor dining room  not the second floor  and order without studying the menu , you might -- just might -- pass for an upper-crust regular . Cheat sheet : Get the "  grand goute , " a seafood appetizer trio featuring the restaurant 's signature shrimp rémoulade . Dinner Under sparkling chandeliers in a renovated four-story French-Creole warehouse , James Beard Award-winning chef John Besh , whose August empire has doubled in size post-Katrina , celebrates regional ingredients in French style . A devoted Louisiana resident , Besh is involved with artisanal producers and longtime area farmers , which means you might find a salad of heirloom beets with Allen Benton 's cherrywood bacon , mustard greens , quail eggs , and black-eyed pea croutons , or a sugar-and-spice duckling with Anson Mills heirloom Carolina corn grits , roasted duck foie gras , and quince . Do n't let the phrase "  contemporary Cajun " scare you ; there 's no trickery about the food at Cochon . Devoted to protecting old-style traditions , chef/co-owners Donald Link and Stephen Stryjewski turn out splendid boudin , andouille , and smoked bacon , which you can also buy at the newly opened Butcher , located in the same building . Order absolutely anything : wood-fired oyster roast , ham hock with lima bean hopping John , catfish court bouillon . And whatever you do , do n't leave without trying the fresh chunk-pineapple and cornmeal upside-down cake , slightly sticky with caramel sauce . The last bite will haunt you for days . Between meals Beignet rhymes with cliché for a reason : everybody hits Café Du Monde , a cornerstone of the historic French Market since 1862 , sometime . Despite the crowds , it 's hard to find fault with the hot little pillows of sweet fried dough , served 24 hours a day , seven days a week  except Christmas Day  . Paris , Milan , New Orleans ? It seems likely at ultrasleek patisserie Sucré , where you can rev up with a plate of delicate macarons or a chicory coffee-gelato shake . The NOLA Chocolate Collection includes evocative local flavors such as the Meuniere , brown butter and white chocolate ganache coated in dark chocolate ; and the Magnolia , dark chocolate with pecan ganache , topped with a pecan half . After hours , Big Easy style Traces of voodoo have long seeped into New Orleans 's everyday life . So settle in at the International House hotel 's candlelit bar Loa and toast the divine spirits with a champagne-and-pear brandy Laveau 347 , a cocktail honoring Marie Laveau , New Orleans 's legendary voodooienne , who 's buried in Tomb 347 in St. Louis Cemetery No. 1 , on the edge of the French Quarter . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest hangover cures The Columns Hotel , founded in 1883 , is on the National Register of Historic Places and feels as haunted as hell . The creaky floorboards and dark corners of the Victorian Lounge give off a catacomb-like vibe . But meeting for a Sazerac , the city 's official cocktail as declared by the state legislature , on the mansion 's wide wooden porch facing the prettiest boulevard in the Garden District , is the perfect way to ease into -- or out of -- a long evening . Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Mother 's serves hearty breakfasts on the edge of the Central Business District Parkway Bakery & Tavern is known for its po ' boy sandwiches Chef John Besh celebrates regional ingredients in French style at August
Hanford Nuclear Site , Washington  CNN  -- The federal government has set aside nearly $ 2 billion in stimulus funds to clean up Washington State 's decommissioned Hanford nuclear site , once the center of the country 's Cold War plutonium production . That is more stimulus funding than some entire states have received , which has triggered a debate as to whether the money is being properly spent . The facility sprawls across approximately 600 square miles of south-central Washington , an area roughly half the size of Rhode Island . It was built in the 1940s as part of the "  Manhattan Project " to develop the first atomic weapon during World War II . Millions of dollars and thousands of jobs poured into the remote area about 75 miles east of Yakima where nine nuclear reactors were eventually built . During the Cold War , Hanford was a buzzing hive of activity , eventually becoming the main source of plutonium production for the nation 's nuclear weapons program . Decades of improper radioactive waste disposal earned Hanford the notorious distinction of being most contaminated nuclear site in the Western Hemisphere . Today , the Hanford site is a virtual ghost town and those involved in the clean-up project say they will need every dollar of the federal stimulus funds . There are still millions of gallons of untreated contaminated groundwater , hundreds of buildings used for plutonium enrichment that need to be torn down , and underground tanks that are full of radioactive sludge . The stimulus money will reduce the clean-up time by years , according to Jon Peschong , who oversees the federal project at Hanford . "  It was perfect work , ready to go for the stimulus package , " Peschong said . "  Each day that passes the conditions worsen -LSB- and -RSB- the receipt of the federal stimulus money allows us to reduce the costs and also allows us to reduce the clean up footprint much sooner , years sooner . " The money is also created jobs for about 1,400 people at Hanford , including Joe Gill who manages a team that is tearing down equipment that is heavily contaminated by radiation . Despite the dangers of his job , Gill said it came just at the right time . "  I had managed a production warehouse facility for one of the largest companies in the world , -LSB- I -RSB- thought I 'd be there for 20 years , " Gill said . "  We laid off 8,000 people in three months and they closed down our plant , -LSB- and -RSB- those jobs are n't jobs you just read the paper and get . " It is clear by watching Gill 's team perform their time-consuming daily tasks that Hanford wo n't be decontanimated quickly . The workers have to suit up three to four times a day in protective gear . They break down contaminated equipment through a "  glove box , " allowing them to disassemble the equipment a room away through lead-lined gloves . Each time a worker removes their hands from the gloves , they must be wanded down by a colleague checking for any radiation exposure . The large scale of the project and years of cost overruns have led critics to complain that stimulus money is being misdirected at Hanford . A report by Sens. John McCain , R-Arizona , and Tom Coburn , R-Oklahoma , listed Hanford as one of 100 sites where stimulus money may have been wasted . The Hanford clean-up "  has been plagued by massive cost and schedule problems - and almost no progress , " according to the report . Gerry Pollet , who runs a Hanford watchdog organization , says he supports using stimulus money to rid the nuclear site of its radioactive waste . But he questions whether the funds are going where they are most needed . "  You are not seeing the value that we should be seeing for the clean-up and the environment , " said Pollet , who heads Heart of America Northwest . "  They are picking the low-hanging fruit , the easy projects that give very nice photo opportunities . But that does n't cost $ 2 billion . "  Hanford is getting more money than many states in stimulus funds and you would expect to see real progress for clean-up -LSB- to -RSB- happen with those dollars . " While debate continues over whether and how stimulus dollars should be used , the Tri-Cities area that surrounds the Hanford site -- which includes Richland , Kennewick and Pasco -- is reaping the benefits of the clean-up boom . Hanford began receiving stimulus dollars in March 2009 , which helped the surrounding cities and towns avoid the catastrophe that has plagued other communities impacted by the recent economic downturn . The Tri-Cities area has one of the lowest unemployment rates in Washington State , and the housing market has barely been affected by the recent economic downturn , according to the Tri-Cities Industrial Development council . Ken Brutzman , who owns a local office furniture store , said his business was "  at a standstill " last year before the orders from Hanford contractors started pouring in . Brutzman had to hire six temporary workers , two of which he may keep on full time , to deal with the boom in business . "  We are on track to have best year ever , " Brutzman said . His business has been in his family for three generations and will likely stay profitable for several more generations since the Hanford clean-up project is expected to take another 40 years . "  It has my manufacturers raising their eyebrows saying , ` Wow how does that guy do that ? ' "	$ 2 billion being spent to clean up Hanford nuclear site in Washington State Hanford is the most contaminated nuclear site in W. hemisphere Stimulus funds creating jobs in and around the site
CNN  -- The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda on Thursday convicted the "  mastermind " of the Rwandan genocide and sentenced him to life in prison for genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes . Theoneste Bagosora , right , and his co-defendant Anatole Nsengiyumva , left , arrive in court . It is the first time the tribunal has convicted high-level officials for the 100-day genocide in 1994 which left an estimated 800,000 people dead . Theoneste Bagosora , 67 , a colonel in the Rwandan army , was found guilty along with two other men -- Major Aloys Ntabakuze and Lieutenant Colonel Anatole Nsengiyumva . All were sentenced to life in prison . The tribunal -- located in Arusha , Tanzania -- acquitted General Gratien Kabiligi , the former head of military operations , and ordered his immediate release . CNN Chief International Correspondent Christiane Amanpour -- who covered the story -- called the verdicts "  a real turning point and a milestone in justice . " Watch CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on the verdict " "  It sends a message that right up the chain of command , you can not hide , " Amanpour said . The court said Bagosora was a key figure in drawing up plans for the genocide . A Hutu , Bagosora was convicted of ordering Hutu militia to slaughter rival Tutsis . The massacres began after a plane crash on April 6 , 1994 that killed the presidents of Rwanda and neighboring Burundi . The court said the plane was brought down by a surface-to-air missile fired from the airport in Kigali , the Rwandan capital . Watch what happened in the court " Bagosora decided the military should take over and he refused to involve the prime minister , Agathe Uwilingiyimana , in any discussions , the court found . April 7 , while Bagosora held a crisis meeting with top military officials , the prime minister was arrested , sexually assaulted and killed by top members of the Rwandan Army , the court found . Find out more about the world 's killing fields " That made Bagosora the head of all political and military affairs in Rwanda , and in that capacity , he was at the top of the chain of command . The same day the prime minister was killed , the court said , army personnel confined and killed four important opposition leaders -- including the president of the constitutional court and government ministers -- and murdered 10 Belgian peacekeepers who had been dispatched to the prime minister 's residence . The court found Bagosora bore responsibility for those and other killings because he commanded those who carried out the crimes . "  Bagosora was the highest authority in the Ministry of Defense and exercised effective control of the Rwandan army and gendarmerie , " said Presiding Judge Erik Mose . "  He 's therefore responsible for the murder of the prime minister , the four opposition politicians , the 10 Belgian peacekeepers , as well as the extensive military involvement in the killing of civilians during this period . " ICTR Prosecutor Hassan Bubacar Jallow said the convicted men "  prepared , planned , ordered , directed , incited , encouraged and approved the murder of innocent civilian Tutsis . " The killings were carried out by military personnel on the orders of Rwandan authorities including Bagosora , the court said . The court found that from April to July 1994 , Bagosora exercised authority over members of the Rwandan Army and their militiamen , who committed massacres throughout Rwanda with Bagosora 's knowledge . "  In all the regions of the country , members of the Tutsi population who were fleeing from the massacres on their hills sought refuge in locations they thought would be safe , often on the recommendation of the local civil and military authorities , " the indictment said . "  In many of these places , despite the promise that they would be protected by the local civil and military authorities , the refugees were attacked , abducted and massacred , often on the orders or with the complicity of those same authorities . " The indictment against Bagosora alleged he had been opposed to concessions made by his government to Tutsi rebels at 1993 peace talks in Tanzania , and had left the negotiations saying he was returning to Rwanda to "  prepare the apocalypse . " The U.N. established the tribunal in late 1994 . The trial began in April 2002 and has been deliberating since June 1 , 2007 . During the trial , the court heard 242 witnesses -- 82 for the prosecution and 160 for the defense . The three convicted men will be held in the tribunal 's custody until a state can be found to house them . The genocide 's impact is still be felt today , with recent fighting in neighbouring Congo blamed on lingering tensions from the slaughter . Rebel leader Laurent Nkunda says his forces are fighting to defend Congolese Tutsis from Hutu militants who escaped to Congo .	Bagosora guilty of masterminding genocide which left at least 800,000 dead Genocide began after plane carrying the leaders of Rwanda , Burundi crashed Bagosora was charged with genocide and crimes against humanity The United Nations established the genocide tribunal in late 1994
CNN  -- A World Health Organization doctor working in an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone has tested positive for the virus , the agency said Monday . The doctor is in stable condition in Freetown and will be evacuated shortly , it said . The organization did not say where the doctor would be taken . The treatment center is located in the Kenema Government Hospital , which is run by the Sierra Leone Ministry of Health and Sanitation , the WHO said in a statement . As of September 5 , there have been 3,944 probable , confirmed , or suspected cases of the virus in Guinea , Liberia , and Sierra Leone , and 2,097 deaths , the WHO says . The African Union called Monday for "  a lot of support and solidarity from fellow African countries and from the international community " for member states affected by the disease . Dr. Nkosazana Dlamini Zuma , chairwoman of the AU , also warned against stigmatizing victims , communities , and countries , the AU said in a statement .	The WHO doctor was working at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone The doctor is in stable condition There have been nearly 4,000 suspected cases of Ebola and more than 2,000 deaths The African Union calls for international help
CNN  -- There 's no such thing as an off-duty cop . At least if it 's Justin Rogers , there 's not . The police corporal from Pinole , California , was just capping off a family vacation in Hawaii . He was going through security at the Honolulu airport last Saturday , when he felt compelled to spring into action to stop a rowdy security breach . He had just taken his shoes off to go through the body scanner when he heard a "  loud crash " off to his side , he told CNN affiliate KTVU . "  When I turned around , I saw a woman with her arms flailing , screaming at this TSA agent . " He turned back around , thinking security officers would handle the ruckus . They did n't at first . The disturbance turned into fisticuffs , TSA surveillance camera video revealed . The woman , who was trying to force her way through the security section for flight personnel , lit into the female TSA agent who was blocking her path . "  The next thing I know , I heard what I thought was skin to skin contact , like somebody getting punched , " Rogers said . "  Sure enough , she was punching her . " Time for action He saw that the agent 's colleagues were far away from her , so he thought he 'd better help out . He bounded over a waist-high security barrier and with a quick swoop and a professional takedown separated the assailant from the agent and immobilized her on the floor . Other TSA agents came running . In comfy shorts , T-shirt and ankle socks , Rogers did n't look much like an officer of the law . "  I was in relaxed mode . " His wallet and presumably his ID had already gone through the X-ray machine . But his immobilization posture over the suspect looked professional , and he quickly told agents who he was . "  I held up my hand and said , ` I 'm a police officer ; I 'm a police officer , ' because I was worried maybe they 'd think I was assaulting somebody . " They believed him . In fact , TSA later issued a statement lauding Rogers for his "  swift actions " in "  immediately " subduing the individual and preventing the TSA officer from being hurt any more . An airport policeman pulled out a pair of cuffs , and Rogers helped him secure the suspect 's wrists . The woman was arrested and charged with assault , CNN affiliate Hawaii News Now reported . She was homeless and had been wandering the airport . "  That was pretty much the end of story , " Rogers said . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	TSA lauds the off-duty police officer for his "  swift actions " Justin Rogers puts his belongings on into the X-ray machine He hears a crash and some punches and sees a woman hitting a security guard The cop on vacation in Hawaii jumps a security barrier and takes down the assailant
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The debate over government spending is heating up on the campaign trail and raising greater focus on which presidential candidate will really change the way Washington does business . Sen. John McCain has criticized politicians who request millions in so-called earmarks . But will that sway the American electorate ? Sen. John McCain has been a crusader against so-called earmarks and says his opponent , Sen. Barack Obama , has asked for almost $ 1 billion in pork-barrel projects for his state in just less than four years in the Senate . "  Nearly a million dollars for every day that he 's been in office ! And that 's change ? My friends , do n't be fooled , " McCain said September 9 . Earmarks are requests for money by a specific legislator , usually for her or his constituency , added onto often-unrelated government spending bills . According to the nonpartisan watchdog group Taxpayers for Common Sense , Obama has asked for nearly $ 1 billion in earmarks during his Senate term . But the group gives him credit for disclosing his requests , which most members of Congress do n't do . Obama has not made any requests for the next fiscal year , and even when he was asking for earmarks , he was far from the worst offender , the group says . "  Just to put it into perspective , he got $ 98 million worth of earmarks in fiscal year 2008 . Sen. -LSB- Hillary -RSB- Clinton got more than $ 300 million in earmarks , and Sen. -LSB- Thad -RSB- Cochran , Republican of the -LSB- Senate -RSB- Appropriations Committee , got $ 800 million in earmarks , " Steve Ellis of Taxpayers for Common Sense said . Obama 's running mate , Sen. Joe Biden of Delaware , does n't come close to that . But Biden also has never disclosed what he 's asked for , until this year . Biden 's office said he 's requesting about $ 300 million . The Obama campaign points out that although McCain has n't asked for earmarks , his running mate hardly has room to talk . Watch McCain rail against earmarks " "  When you 've been taking all these earmarks when it is convenient and then suddenly you 're the champion anti-earmark person , that is not change , " Obama said Monday . According to state records and Taxpayers for Common Sense , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has asked for about $ 450 million in federal money since she became governor . But she also gets some credit . "  As governor , she has , by all records , started to reduce the number of earmark requests ... so it 's a downward trajectory by our analysis but still significant earmark requests , " Ellis said . Palin also got into the earmarking game early , before she became governor . According to state records and Taxpayers for Common Sense , she helped get about $ 27 million , some of which went to the small Alaskan town of Wasilla , during her second term as mayor there , from 1998 to 2002 . The watchdog group said one of the reasons was that she hired a lobbying firm run by a former staffer for Sen. Ted Stevens , R-Alaska , one of Washington 's most legendary earmarkers .	McCain has railed against politicians requesting earmarks Watchdog group says Obama requested nearly half a billion in earmarks Obama campaign says Sarah Palin is also a player in earmark game Watchdog group : Palin took nearly $ 450 million in earmarks as governor
Washington  CNN  -- A day after Hoboken Mayor Dawn Zimmer rankled the administration of New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie with allegations that his office withheld Superstorm Sandy relief funding over her refusal to push through a redevelopment project , Zimmer now says the threat was "  a direct message from the governor . " "  It 's stunning . It 's outrageous . But it 's true , " Zimmer told CNN 's Candy Crowley in an interview Sunday morning . Later in the day , she released a statement saying that she had met with the U.S. Attorney 's Office for several hours at its request and provided the office with her journal and other documents . "  As they pursue this investigation , I will provide any requested information and testify under oath about the facts of what happened when the Lieutenant Governor came to Hoboken and told me that Sandy aid would be contingent on moving forward with a private development project , " she said . Zimmer appeared on MSNBC on Saturday to level charges that members of Christie 's administration pressured her to approve a redevelopment project sought by The Rockefeller Group , a real estate developer with ties to the governor 's office . Zimmer said Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno made the threat on behalf of Christie at a May 13 event they both attended in Hoboken . Later recording the conversation in a journal entry she shared with CNN , Zimmer recalled the lieutenant governor warned her she had "  to move forward with the Rockefeller project " and labeled the demand "  a direct message from the governor . " "  She came and made a direct threat to me , " Zimmer said of her conversation with Guadagno . In light of Zimmer 's new claims , a spokesman for the Governor 's office , Colin Reed , stuck by his initial dismissal of the MSNBC report Saturday , saying the mayor 's allegations are nothing more than "  partisan politics . " "  Mayor Zimmer 's categorization about her conversation in Hoboken is categorically false , " Reed told CNN . The Hoboken mayor refuted that characterization . "  I have n't been a part of the Democratic machine , " Zimmer said , citing her frequent praise of Christie and what she describes as a solid working relationship between the two executives . "  I did have a really good relationship  with the governor  , so I could n't believe they were doing this . " "  This is wrong . This is not fair to Hoboken , " Zimmer added . Of her conversation with Guadagno , Zimmer told Crowley she sensed the lieutenant governor felt remorseful for relaying the message that no funds would be given to the city until The Rockefeller Group 's project was approved . "  She felt almost guilty about saying it , " Zimmer said . "  She knows it 's wrong , " Steadfastly clinging to her account , Zimmer predicted that if the matter ultimately gets folded into the ongoing investigation of the George Washington Bridge controversy , Guadagno would confirm her story . "  If she 's asked to testify under oath , I think we 're going to see the truth come out because I will she be truthful under oath , " Zimmer said . Zimmer 's claims center around a property owned by The Rockefeller Group , which had its plan for "  redevelopment " of a three-block area of Hoboken rejected by the city 's planning board . Instead , the panel voted to classify the area owned by the company as available for "  rehabilitation . " The "  redevelopment " tax incentives offered a much more lucrative deal for the development company . In an e-mail to Zimmer , Lori Grifa , counsel for The Rockefeller Group , lobbied on behalf of the company , asking to speak directly with the mayor regarding the property . Grifa was previously commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs for the Christie administration . Asked by Crowley on Sunday why she had not come forward sooner , Zimmer said she was afraid her story -- accusing an overwhelmingly popular governor of the same kind of political corruption he once targeted as a U.S. attorney -- would have been ignored . In a June Quinnipiac University poll , New Jersey voters overwhelmingly approved of Christie 's job performance , 69 % to 27 % . He won re-election in November by a crushing margin over Democratic challenger Barbara Buono . "  I did n't think anyone would believe me , " Zimmer said Sunday . "  I probably should have come forward sooner , but I really did n't think anyone would believe me . " Zimmer was unequivocal in her allegations the Christie administration continues to hold relief funds hostage until she approves the redevelopment project . Hoboken was one of the cities hit hardest by the 2012 hurricane , which ravaged the eastern seaboard , destroying an estimated $ 100 million worth of property . In its response to Zimmer 's charges , Christie 's office pointed to nearly $ 70 million in federal aid that was approved to help Hoboken in its recovery from the still-visible impact of Superstorm Sandy and said more funds are set to be earmarked for the city once the White House approves the next round of funding for the state . Zimmer described this claim as a half-truth , telling Crowley that the $ 70 million Trenton says the city received is from the federal flood insurance program , not from the pool of cash Congress approved specifically to help New Jersey recover from the storm . Christie took some members of his own party to task when they threatened to deny the state the funds in the name of fiscal responsibility . The Hoboken mayor said the governor 's response , thus far , to her claims has danced around the central issue at stake . "  They did not respond to the No. 1 question : Are they linking Hoboken funding to the Rockefeller project ? " Zimmer said . "  The fact is , they are . " CNN 's Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	Hoboken mayor says threat delivered by lieutenant governor came from Christie She meets with the U.S. Attorney 's Office at its request Christie team denies funds were held hostage for backing of redevelopment project
CNN  -- Pandora , the music-streaming service that 's a soundtrack for many a desk-bound music lover , rolled out a slate of changes Wednesday , even as a host of up-and-comers are emerging in the online music space . "  New Pandora , " according to a post on the music service 's blog , is "  more responsive , easier to use , and better integrated with the friends and music lovers in your life . " "  For the last two months we 've been gradually rolling a preview of the new site out to our listeners , taking their feedback , fixing bugs and making improvements here and there , " Tom Conrad , Pandora 's founder , said in the post . "  With all those little fixes and refinements in place , today we 're rolling out the new site for everyone . " Among the new features on the site , which uses what creators call the "  Music Genome Project " to predict users ' tastes based on the songs they 've already liked , are : -- Simplified station creation -- A bigger focus on social interaction . Enhanced user profiles let friends "  like " or comment on what they 've been listening to and share songs or stations with friends on Pandora as well as on Facebook , Twitter and other networking sites . -- More information about the song that 's playing and its artist -- including lyrics and detailed biographies . -- Removing the 40-hour per month listening cap to let users listen for as long as they want for free .  An "  abuse prevention limit " of 320 hours a month still exists , so if you plan to listen for more than 13 entire days , watch out  . The social changes will roll out to users over the next few days , according to the blog post . Users may edit what others can see using Pandora 's privacy settings page . The changes also place ads more prominently on Pandora 's pages . As of July , Pandora had 100 million registered users and 36 million monthly active users . Eric Mac of PCWorld gave the Pandora overhaul high marks . "  The new design certainly feels a lot less 2005 , " he wrote . "  It has a clearer , more intuitive user interface that includes a large control bar at the top of the screen with the familiar play , next track , thumbs up , and thumbs down buttons . Loading times do seem faster , although not always instantaneous as promised . " The overhaul comes as sites like Spotify and turntable.fm have emerged as hot new commodities in the increasingly crowded online music space . And Facebook is expected to unveil a free music service as early as Thursday -- potentially leveraging its massive user base as an audience .	Pandora music streaming site rolls out major overhaul Site gets new look , retooled controls and a new focus on social interaction The 40-hour per month cap on free listening was also removed The changes come as sites like Spotify , Turntable.fm and even Facebook enter online music
Washington  CNN  -- Another air traffic controller apparently fell asleep while on duty , a problem that is prompting the government to put an extra staffer on midnight shifts at more than two dozen control towers across the country . The latest incident occurred Wednesday morning at Reno-Tahoe International Airport in Nevada "  when a controller fell asleep while a medical flight carrying an ill patient was trying to land , " the Federal Aviation Administration said . The flight originated in Mammoth Lakes , California , according to the FAA Pacific Division . "  The medical flight pilot was in communication with the Northern California Terminal Radar Approach Control and landed safely . The controller , who was out of communication for approximately 16 minutes , has been suspended while the FAA investigates , " the FAA said in a statement . FAA Administrator Randy Babbitt expressed outrage , saying "  we absolutely can not and will not tolerate sleeping on the job . This type of unprofessional behavior does not meet our high safety standards . " "  This is absolutely unacceptable , " said U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . It would be the sixth incident this year involving a sleeping controller that the FAA has disclosed . One occurred at Ronald Reagan National Airport in Washington , another at McGhee Tyson Airport in Knoxville , Tennessee , and three incidents involving the same person occurred at Boeing Field/King County International Airport in Seattle . The FAA said it also suspended two controllers in Lubbock , Texas , for an incident in the early hours of March 29 in which they failed to hand off control of a departing flight to the Fort Worth Air Traffic Control Center , and responded only after several attempts by the same center to hand them control of an arriving flight . The FAA statement did not indicate whether the Lubbock controllers were thought to have been asleep . Babbitt and LaHood said the FAA will assign an extra air traffic controller on the midnight shift at 27 control towers staffed with only one controller during that time . The FAA said Babbitt and National Air Traffic Controllers Association President Paul Rinaldi "  are launching a nationwide ` Call to Action ' on air traffic control safety and professionalism " and will visit air traffic facilities to underscore the need for safety and professionalism . The move will include "  an independent review of the FAA 's air traffic control training curriculum and qualifications and the expansion of NATCA 's Professional Standards committees . " The FAA is also reviewing staffing and scheduling . Nevada 's senior senator , Harry Reid , said it was "  a miracle that everyone is OK . We 're glad that they are . " "  Last night 's near-tragedy reminds us that state-of-the-art structures and the best technology work only as well as the people operating them , " Reid said Wednesday on the Senate floor . "  If those people fall asleep on the job , they risk the lives of the millions of Americans who fly into and out of our airports every day . " Krys Bart , president of Reno-Tahoe International Airport , said the pilot of the Sierra Life Flight plane -- a Piper Cheyenne twin turboprop -- tried to make contact with the Reno tower at about 2 a.m. , but got no response and began to circle the airport . After repeated failed attempts to reach someone in the tower , the pilot evaluated the situation and decided to land . In his remarks on Capitol Hill , Reid said the pilot "  tried to call the tower not once or twice , but seven times . The controller slept through every one of those calls . " A federal government source on Wednesday confirmed to CNN the figure of seven attempted calls to the tower . Bart said it is her understanding that there was only one controller on duty at the time . She added that she is pleased with the FAA 's response , and issued a statement to clarify that air traffic control staffing is entirely in the federal agency 's domain : "  We have a brand-new , state-of-the-art air traffic control tower , three runways and two instrument landing systems in place to help guide pilots on landing , take-off and ground control , " Bart 's statement said . "  But what the airport has no control over is the staffing levels and personnel in the control tower . ... this is an FAA issue , the Airport Authority does not control what happens in the air traffic control tower . " However , Republican Rep. John L. Mica , who chairs the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , said the move to increase tower staffing "  misdirects our resources and focus away from congested air traffic control facilities . " "  Only in the federal government would you double up on workers , averaging $ 161,000 per year in salary and benefits , that are n't doing their job , " the Florida congressman said . Mica and other committee leaders plan to meet with FAA officials behind closed doors to discuss what his office described as "  a spate of near misses , runway incursions and incidents of sleeping on the job . " CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report	NEW : Air traffic controller suspended pending investigation The latest incident occurred in Nevada , the FAA said Transportation secretary says it 's "  absolutely unacceptable " The feds are adding a midnight-shift controller at 27 control towers
CNN  -- Fighting in the volatile Sudanese region of Darfur has sparked another wave of refugees into Chad and left a Red Cross employee dead , according to international agencies . Refugee camps in eastern Chad house about 300,000 people who fled violence in the Darfur region of Sudan . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said on Monday that more than 12,000 people have fled militia attacks over the last few days from Sudan 's Darfur region to neighboring Chad , still recovering from a recent attempt by rebels there to topple the government . "  Most of the new arrivals in Chad had already been displaced in Darfur in recent years . They are really tired of being attacked and having to move , " said UNHCR 's Jorge Holly . "  All the new refugees we talked to said they did not want to go back to Darfur at this point , they wanted to be transferred to a refugee camp in eastern Chad . " This latest influx of refugees in Chad aggravates an already deteriorating security situation across this politically unstable region of Africa . Before the latest flight into Chad , the UNHCR and its partner groups "  were taking care of 240,000 Sudanese refugees in 12 camps in eastern Chad and some 50,000 from Central African Republic in the south of the country . " Up to 30,000 people in Chad fled the country for Cameroon during the rebel-government fighting . The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Monday that one of its employees was killed in western Darfur last week during fighting . The victim is a 45-year-old Sudanese national and father of six children . He was killed in the area of Seleia , one of the three towns where reported government-backed Janjaweed militia attacks on Friday left around 200 people dead . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon last week deplored the acts , urged all parties to stop hostilities , and said "  all parties must adhere to international humanitarian law , which prohibits military attacks against civilians . " The United Nations says "  more than 200,000 people have been killed and 2.2 million others forced to flee their homes since fighting began in 2003 among government forces , rebel groups and allied militia groups known as the Janjaweed . " The recent fight between Chad 's government and rebels is seen as a proxy war over Darfur . Sudan 's government believes Chad is supporting rebels in Darfur . Chad 's government believes Sudan is supporting the rebels that moved on Chad 's capital of N'Djamena . E-mail to a friend	Aid agencies say 12,000 people have crossed to Chad in last few days Red Cross says one of its employees killed in western Darfur Rebel fighting in Chad seen as a proxy war over Darfur crisis Darfur wracked by factional violence for five years
"  Everything can be improved . " -- Ross Lovegrove Designer Ross Lovegrove Fiercely original and unapologetically innovative , Ross Lovegrove describes himself , somewhat reluctantly , as an industrial designer . "  It 's not as grimy , it 's not as deep and dark as that sounds , " he says . Famous for his tactile and sensual fluid forms , he takes his inspiration from nature to create an organic minimalism that he calls "  fat free " design . "  Nature is a very big part of my work and always has been . I 've never seen it as a trend or a fashion , " he told CNN . In the early 1980s , with Frog Design in West Germany , he worked on projects including Sony Walkmans and Apple computers . He later moved to Paris as a consultant to Knoll International . Since returning to London in 1986 , Lovegrove has worked with a wide range of clients including Airbus Industries , Peugeot , Apple Computers , Issey Miyake , Olympus Cameras , Tag Heuer , Herman Miller , Japan Airlines and Toyo Ito Architects in Japan , as well as a host of top design brands . See some of Ross Lovegrove 's designs . " Away from his client work , one of Lovegrove 's projects is the "  Car on a Stick , " an electric bubble car that turns into an elevated streetlight at night . "  I 'm interested in developing an aesthetic for the 21st century which comes from the intelligent use of resources , materials and structures , " he says . Lovegrove 's methods blend organic inspiration , a fresh approach to function , cutting-edge manufacturing technologies and cross-application of techniques . "  In my own work , I 'll learn from doing a super-lightweight suitcase in Osaka , " he says . "  Then I 'll think , ` How can I use that super-lightweight technology to do the chassis of a car ? ' It 's transfer and exchange of knowledge . " His work has been extensively published and exhibited internationally and is held in permanent collections of various design museums around the world , including the Museum of Modern Art in New York  MOMA  , the Design Museum in London and the Vitra Design Museum Weil Am Rhein , Basel , Switzerland . ... . What do you think of Ross Lovegrove 's work ? What do you make of his "  car on a stick " ? Share your views -- or read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	Industrial designer Ross Lovegrove is known for his organic , flowing forms His designs range from pens to solar lights to airline interiors Lovegrove 's work is held in design museums including New York 's MOMA
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- Initial results from test runs of a ship billed as the world 's largest oil skimming vessel could come back Monday after a weekend spent plowing the seas atop the undersea gusher in the Gulf of Mexico . The converted cargo ship A Whale spent the weekend attempting to separate crude oil from seawater in a 25-square-mile area north of the ruptured BP oil well at the heart of the disaster . If the test is successful , the massive vessel could play a key role in efforts to clean up the largest oil spill in U.S. history . Initial results from tests are expected Monday , Bob Grantham , spokesman for the company that owns the ship , said . The ship , which swallows water with oil then separates it , can skim about 21 million gallons of oil a day . That 's at least 250 times the amount that modified fishing vessels currently conducting skimming operations have been able to contain , according to Taiwanese company TMT shipping , which owns the vessel . A total of about 550 skimming vessels were out in the Gulf on Sunday , according to a spokeswoman for the Unified Command Joint Information Center in Houma , Louisiana . But with oil still pouring into the sea at a rate of tens of thousands of barrels a day , federal authorities closed a new section of the Gulf off Louisiana to fishing on Sunday . The latest order from the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration adds nearly 1,100 square miles of federal waters off Louisiana 's Vermilion Bay to the off-limits zone . The new closure brings the portion of the Gulf closed to fishing due to the massive BP spill off Louisiana to 33.2 percent , NOAA reported . The Coast Guard reported earlier Sunday that a shift in weather patterns could send more oil toward sensitive shores in Mississippi and Louisiana , and bad weather over the past few days has significantly hampered cleanup efforts . "  The weather is one challenge you ca n't defeat , " Coast Guard Adm. Paul Zunkunft said . Ribbons of oil stripe the water for miles , but waves Saturday were still too high for boats to skim oil off the water . "  At the Coast Guard , we do take it personally . It is portrayed as mission failure any time oil washes ashore , " he said . Zunkunft said he will put the skimmers back to work as soon as the sea calms . Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels  1.5 million to 2.5 million gallons  of oil have been gushing into the Gulf daily since April 20 , when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded and sank off the coast of Louisiana . The A Whale arrived in the Gulf on Wednesday and has been awaiting approval to join in cleanup efforts . The skimmer works by "  taking in oily water through a series of vents , or jaws , on the side of the ship and then decanting the intake , " Grantham said . "  In many ways , the ship collects water like an actual whale and pumps internally like a human heart . " Zunkunft said he is also calling in reinforcements , including 300 new skimmers in the next two weeks . For the 12-hour period from midnight until noon Saturday , approximately 7,980 barrels  335,160 gallons  of oil were collected and about 4,155 barrels  174,510 gallons  of oil and 28.3 million cubic feet of natural gas were flared , BP said . The company said about 25,290 barrels  1,062,180 gallons  of oil were recovered Friday . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : Fisheries closure extended down Louisiana coast Initial results from A Whale tests likely Monday Coast Guard worries winds shift could send more oil ashore Cleanup plans include 300 new skimmers in the next two weeks
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A fuel pipeline exploded in a densely populated Nairobi slum Monday morning , flattening homes , reducing some bodies to dust and forcing a massive evacuation of the area amid fears that big pools of leaked fuel could ignite , police and Kenya Red Cross officials said . At least 75 people died in the explosion and fire , said Charles Owino , a spokesman for Kenyan police . Police and Red Cross officials expected the death toll to rise . The fire erupted around 10 a.m. , possibly as a group of people were siphoning fuel from the pipeline in the Sinai slum , officials said . Coming to a precise accounting of the toll may be difficult because so many of the victims were found huddled together and severely burned , said Carol Nduta , a Kenya Red Cross emergency medical instructor and dispatcher who traveled to the scene . Some of the bodies were burned to dust , she said . "  Almost the whole place blew up , " she said . Charred bodies were strewn throughout the wreckage . Some bodies were still bobbing in a stream that passes through the settlement Monday afternoon . Red Cross officials said it would be Tuesday before they could all be recovered . Images from CNN affiliate Kenya Television Network showed flames shooting from metal-roofed buildings as firefighters and people in civilian clothing rushed to the scene and picked through the flattened remains of structures . A total of 118 people were admitted to Nairobi hospitals for treatment , police spokesman Eric Kiraithe said . Authorities set up counseling centers at a stadium in the city as hospital officials made an urgent appeal for blood , saying that many of those admitted to Nairobi hospitals suffered extensive burns and would require blood transfusions to survive , state broadcaster Kenya Broadcasting Co. reported . The precise cause of the accident remained unclear . Police suspect the pipeline was punctured , possibly in an effort to steal fuel , Kiraithe said . KBC quoted Prime Minister Raila Odinga as saying the incident occurred after a mechanism on the pipeline failed , allowing fuel to spill into a drainage ditch , where it then ignited . He said the explosion was the worst energy-related disaster in the country 's history . Fatalities from fuel leak accidents are common in Kenya . Scores of residents scramble to scoop up fuel whenever there is a leak or a tanker is involved in an accident . In 2009 , more than 100 people died in a fire after an oil tanker overturned in Molo , in western Kenya . In that incident , someone trying to take some of the fuel lit a cigarette , starting the fire . A 2009 article in a Kenyan newspaper , The Daily Nation , discussed concerns of such a fire in the Sinai slum , where residents built shanties and even a church next to or even on top of the pipeline , according to the Daily Nation . "  I do n't think there will ever be a fire , but you never know , " the newspaper quoted one resident who it said had refused to move away from the pipeline despite eviction notices from Kenya Pipeline Company . Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta pledged the government will do its best to aid victims and investigate the cause of the incident , according to KBC . "  As Kenyans we feel a collective sense of loss and grief , " KBC quoted him as saying . "  As leaders we ought to feel a collective sense of responsibility . " CNN 's Andreena Narayan , Faith Karimi , Lillian Leposo , Helena DeMoura and Kim Chakanetsa contributed to this report .	The confirmed death toll rises to 75 after a Nairobi pipeline explosion The pipeline exploded Monday morning in the Sinai slum Police and Red Cross officials say the toll is likely to reach 100 Residents discounted fire danger in 2009 Kenyan newspaper article
Kampala , Uganda  CNN  -- A Ugandan gay rights activist whose name was published on a list of the nation 's "  top homosexuals " was bludgeoned to death in his home near the capital , his lawyer said Thursday . A neighbor found David Kato dead and notified authorities , according to the lawyer , John Onyango . Kato 's money and some clothes were missing after the attack , Onyango said . It was unclear whether Kato 's killing was linked to his gay rights activism or a front-page story in a Ugandan tabloid that reignited anti-gay sentiments late last year . The story included a list of "  top 100 homosexuals " with their photos , addresses and a banner with the words "  Hang Them . " Kato 's name and picture were on the list . Arrest warrants have been issued for two suspects : a taxi driver found near Kato 's house and an ex-convict who was staying with Kato before the killing , Onyango said . Kato told CNN last year that he feared for his life after the list was released . His lawyer said he had informed authorities in Mukono , the town where he lived , of his fears . "  The villagers want to set my house ablaze , " he told CNN at the time . "  They want to burn my house . ...  They say ,  ` Can you go away before my house is burned ? ' " Authorities in the Mukono criminal investigations department declined to comment pending further investigation . Activists decried the attack , and urged authorities in the east African nation to investigate the killing . They called on the government to protect them from violence , and act on threats and hostility toward them . "  David Kato 's death is a tragic loss to the human rights community . David had faced the increased threats to Ugandan LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  people bravely and will be sorely missed , " said Maria Burnett , senior Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch . U.S. President Barack Obama said he was saddened by the death of Kato , whom he called a "  powerful advocate for fairness and freedom . " "  At home and around the world , LGBT persons continue to be subjected to unconscionable bullying , discrimination , and hate , " the president said in a written statement . "  In the weeks preceding David Kato 's murder in Uganda , five members of the LGBT community in Honduras were also murdered . It is essential that the governments of Uganda and Honduras investigate these killings and hold the perpetrators accountable . " Earlier this year , Kato and two activists won a case against the magazine that published the list . The court ruled that media in Uganda are barred from releasing details of known or potential homosexuals in the country . The editor of the Rolling Stone , the tabloid that published the list , denounced the attacks and said he sympathized with the victim 's family . "  When we called for hanging of gay people , we meant ... after they have gone through the legal process , " said Giles Muhame . "  I did not call for them to be killed in cold blood like he was . " The Rolling Stone tabloid is not affiliated with the iconic U.S. music magazine by the same name . Homosexuality is illegal in most countries in Africa , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . The U.S. Mission in Kampala , Uganda , said , "  David 's courageous devotion to promoting the universal human rights of members of Uganda 's lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community improved the lives of minority populations in Uganda and throughout Africa , and his selfless dedication to defending human rights and speaking out against injustice served as inspiration to human rights defenders around the world . " CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : President Obama says the activist was advocate for fairness and freedom David Kato 's name was published on a list of the nation 's "  top homosexuals " last year The Ugandan tabloid story reignited anti-gay sentiments It was unclear whether his killing was tied to the front-page story
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Before Adam Walsh , Etan Patz and Madeleine McCann , before the first Amber Alert , before a young face stared back from the side of a milk carton , there was Danny . Danny Barter was 4 when he vanished in 1959 while on a family camping trip . Danny Barter vanished in 1959 . He was on a family camping trip to Alabama 's Perdido Bay . He was playing with his dad one minute , gone the next . "  Just like that , " recalled his brother Mike Barter . Danny was 4 years old . Last weekend , his loved ones returned to the campsite and to the scene of the presumed stranger abduction . They came to remember Danny and to rededicate a half-century mission to find him . Even with the passage of time , their faith has not wavered . "  We 've never doubted that he 's ... out there , " Mike Barter said . "  Until they prove otherwise , we hope one day we will be reunited . " Their hope has been bolstered by investigators with the FBI and the Baldwin County Sheriff 's Office , which reopened the case last year after hearing of a recent conversation . "  A lead was sparked when someone was sitting in a public area talking about what happened , " FBI spokeswoman Joyce Riggs wrote in an e-mail to the media . As cold case cops know , a wisp of a lead can turn into a big break , a fact FBI Special Agent Angela Tobon believes can solve the Daniel Barter mystery . "  Even if -LSB- people -RSB- think it 's insignificant , it 's probably not , " Tobon said . "  Each little piece of the puzzle may not mean something , but when you put it all together , you get the big picture . " Danny was the third youngest of Paul and Maxine Barter 's seven children . He had brown hair and big brown eyes . "  He 's such a very pretty and sweet child , " his mom told the Mobile Register in an article published June 21 , 1959 . "  I can understand why someone would want to take him , because he 's such a pretty child . " Three days earlier , Danny , his parents and his siblings were enjoying a family outing near the Gulf shore . Danny and his dad had just returned from getting some drinks at a store . Tents were pitched . Fishing poles were prepared . And then someone noticed that Danny was gone . "  I had first believed that despite Danny 's fear of water , he had wandered into the water and drowned , " Maxine Barter told the Mobile Register . "  But not now . I believe he probably walked up the road , and someone picked him up . " The search was extensive and immediate . Hundreds combed the land and the waters , looking for Danny . Bloodhounds were given his scent and dispatched to follow it . Alligators were killed and cut open . But there was no trace of Danny , then or now . For his parents and the police , the sickening conclusion was quickly reached : He was stolen by a human predator . Danny 's mom could not fathom that the kidnapper would bring harm to her boy . "  I hope now that someone did take Danny , because I know if anyone wanted him bad enough to kidnap him , they would take good care of him , " she said . Fifty years later , the family longs for closure . Paul and Maxine Barter are both deceased , but their children carry on the decades-long pursuit to know the truth . On dannybarter.com , a Web site dedicated to finding answers , the family posted this plea to the public : "  We strongly believe that someone out there knows what happened to Danny and possibly knows him as another identity . We hope to find him safe and sound . " The FBI is also seeking information on Danny Barter . It has published two photographs of him on its Web site . One shows the smiling child , taken in the months before Danny was abducted . The other picture is age-progressed , depicting what Danny would look like today at 54 . If you have any information on the Danny Barter case , go to dannybarter.com or contact the FBI , your local police or the Baldwin County Sheriff 's Office in Alabama .	FBI says it has a new lead in a 50-year-old cold case Danny Barter , 4 , is believed to have been taken by a stranger Boy went missing during a family camping trip in Perdido Bay , Alabama FBI says someone was overheard talking about the boy 's abduction
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Two weeks after a 7.0-magnitude earthquake devastated Haiti , the numbers have mounted . The numbers tell stories of death and destruction , as well as a global outpouring of aid . CNN has compiled the latest , most reliable figures available as the devastation continues to unfold : THE TOLL 150,000 : Latest estimate of the death toll , from the Haitian Health Ministry . The European Union and the Pan American Health Organization , which is coordinating the health-sector response , have estimated the quake killed 200,000 people . 194,000 : Number of injured 134 : Estimated number of people rescued by international search teams since the quake THE EFFECT 9 million : Population of Haiti 3 million : Estimated number of people affected by the quake 1.5 million : Homeless people living on streets , including the thousands who lived in slums or makeshift homes prior to the quake 235,000 : People who have left Port-au-Prince using free transportation provided by the government . The number who left by private means is undetermined . At least 50 : Aftershocks of magnitude 4.5 or higher that have hit Haiti since the January 12 quake Full coverage THE CHILDREN 300,000 : Children younger than 2 who need nutritional support 90 : Percentage of schools in Port-au-Prince that have been destroyed 497 : Haitian orphans who have been evacuated THE RESPONSE IN DOLLARS $ 1.12 billion : International aid pledges $ 783 million : Funds received as of Tuesday $ 317 million : U.S. assistance as of Monday iReport : Haiti 's missing and found | Are you there ? THE RESPONSE IN MANPOWER 17,000 : U.S. military personnel in and around Haiti 8 million : Meals the World Food Programme has delivered to nearly 400,000 people 300 : Aid distribution sites that are up and running 130 to 150 : Flights arriving every day at the single-runway Port-au-Prince airport with aid Huge crowd of Haitians lines up for rice EFFECT ON FOREIGNERS 12,000 : U.N. workers in the country at the time of the quake 53 : U.N. workers still missing At least 82 : U.N. workers confirmed dead 27 : U.N. workers injured or hospitalized 11,500 : Americans and family members who have been evacuated 4,800 : Americans unaccounted for 60 : Americans confirmed dead Find aid locations Sources : Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs , the Red Cross , the United Nations , the U.S. Agency for International Development , the U.S. State Department and the World Food Programme , Haiti Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive	TOLL : Latest estimate of death toll from Haitian Health Ministry is 150,000 EFFECT : 1.5 million people are homeless CHILDREN : 300,000 people younger than 2 need nutritional support DOLLARS : $ 1.12 billion in international aid pledges made
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Arlen Specter woke at 4 a.m. one day last week with an excruciating headache , a side effect of chemotherapy . Ninety minutes later , he was on the squash court , playing a partner less than half his age . That 's the way Specter faces cancer and chemo . Borrowing a phrase from Winston Churchill , he calls it the "  never-give-in " approach . Sen. Arlen Specter on May 7 , early in his chemotherapy for Hodgkin 's disease . As he battles a recurrence of Hodgkin 's disease , Specter , 78 , a Pennsylvania Republican , plays squash nearly every day , as he has for decades . He calls the games "  deposits in the health bank . " He also continues his rigorous work schedule . "  Doc , " he told CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta , "  I do n't have time to think about Hodgkin 's . " Hodgkin 's disease is a rare but curable form of lymphoma . But the treatment feels , as Specter puts it , "  like a war of the worlds raging inside your body . " Early this month , just after CNN was granted exclusive access to follow Specter 's treatment , his colleagues would stop him in Senate hallways to tell him how good he looked . He would always fire back : "  In a few days , I 'll be thin and pale and bald . " Watch Dr. Gupta 's behind-the-scenes coverage of Specter 's battle with cancer " His prediction is already coming true as he reaches the halfway point in his three-month-long regimen of weekly chemotherapy . Specter has been through one major health crisis after another over the past 30 years . At age 48 , he was told he had Lou Gehrig 's disease , an incurable degenerative condition . Several months passed before he was told that the diagnosis was wrong and that a mild case of childhood polio had produced a false positive . Then , in 1993 , Specter was told that he had a cancerous brain tumor and had just a few weeks to live . Another misdiagnosis . The tumor was benign and safely removed . It returned three years later and was removed again . Two years after that , in 1998 , he had heart bypass surgery , after which he nearly died in the hospital . Watch more from Dr. Gupta and Specter " And then , in 2005 , after a stressful battle to win the powerful chairmanship of the Senate Judiciary Committee , he began suffering from extreme exhaustion , fever and night sweats . Doctor after doctor told him he had a virus . Yet another misdiagnosis . Finally , after several months , a blood test indicated something more serious . Specter had Hodgkin 's disease , a cancer of the lymphatic system that 's diagnosed in only about 7,500 patients in the United States each year . Specter 's was in the most advanced stage . He beat it . But it 's back . Specter is 78 . But his oncologist , Dr. John Glick of the Abramson Cancer Center at the University of Pennsylvania , stresses that chronological age is not the key determinant of how he 's treating Specter . Watch more on Specter 's treatment " Because of Specter 's physical conditioning and his mental attitude , Glick found the senator to be a strong candidate for aggressive treatment . "  The same treatment we would give somebody half his age , " Glick said . Watch more from Dr. Glick " Specter 's continued hard work throughout treatment may be beneficial , his cardiologist says . Specter should "  keep on working as aggressively as he always has , says Dr. Howard Weitz of Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . "  I think for the hard worker who ceases working , their stress level increases . " Watch more from Dr. Weitz " When Specter learned that his Hodgkin 's had returned , it was a different shock " from the first time , he said . "  I knew what to expect , and I thought to myself , ` Oh , for Christ 's sake , I have to do this again ? ... And I said to myself , ` Arlen , what is , is . You got it . ' And on Week Two , I was dealing with it . " Specter does not sugarcoat anything . Although he continues his squash routine , he notes that on the court "  my breath is much shorter , I 'm perspiring more , and I ca n't play as long . " He adds , "  I think there 's a vitality in that which is healthy . " And although he does n't cut back on work at all , he does retreat to his Senate hideaway office for extra naps . And given all the misdiagnoses he 's been given in his life , he has one more piece of advice : "  Get a second opinion . " Michael Schulder is a CNN senior executive producer .	U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter learned in April that his cancer had recurred Specter has Hodgkin 's disease , a rare but curable form of lymphoma Doctor : Specter 's great physical condition allows for aggressive treatment
In honor of National Lighthouse Day , we invited you to share your best lighthouse photos with CNN iReport . As dozens of images started pouring in , we were reminded of a near-universal fact : People love lighthouses . The beacons of light are popular travel destinations across the world . Here are 10 other lesser-known lighthouse facts : 1 . The first lighthouse was Egypt 's Pharos of Alexandria , built in the third century BC . The lighthouse of Alexandria was made from a fire on a platform to signal the port entrance . 2 . The United States is home to more lighthouses than any other country . 3 . The first keeper in America , George Worthylake , met an untimely death : He drowned , along with his wife and daughter , when returning to the Little Brewster Island lighthouse in 1718 . 4 . With more than 115 lighthouses along the Great Lakes , Michigan boasts the most lighthouses of any U.S. state . 5 . Many enthusiasts yearn to experience the life of a lighthouse keeper . Ohio woman Sheila Consaul paid $ 71,010 for Lake Erie 's Fairport Harbor West Breakwall Lighthouse in 2011 and has been fixing it up ever since . If you 're not looking to buy , there are lots of opportunities to stay in a lighthouse for a night or two . 6 . The world 's oldest existing lighthouse is considered to be Tower of Hercules , a UNESCO World Heritage Site that marks the entrance of Spain 's La Coruña harbor . The lighthouse , which was erected in the first century , is still operational . 7 . The most expensive lighthouse built in America is St. George Reef , near Crescent City , California . It took 10 years to construct and cost $ 715,000 . 8 . Lighthouse keeping was one of the first U.S. government jobs available to women , going back to the 19th century . 9 . Despite advances in technology , lighthouses are still considered aids to navigation by the U.S. Coast Guard . 10 . Towers are given different colors and patterns -- diamonds , spirals and stripes , for example -- to distinguish them from each other . Got any lighthouse trivia ? Share your tidbits in the comments below and upload your best shots to CNN iReport .	In the U.S. , August 7 is National Lighthouse Day There are more lighthouses in the U.S. than any other country iReporter Deb Della Reese : "  It 's amazing ... how important their singular purpose remains ! " Share your best lighthouse photos with CNN iReport
San Bernardino , California  CNN  -- A man accused of shooting and paralyzing a U.S. Army soldier at a homecoming party pleaded not guilty to all charges at his arraignment Thursday . Ruben Jurado , 19 , faces a charge of attempted murder in the shooting of Army Spc. Christopher Sullivan on Friday night at a homecoming party in Sullivan 's native San Bernardino , California . Jurado also faces four "  special allegations involving premeditation and the use and discharge of a firearm , causing great bodily injury , " said Christopher Lee , spokesman for the San Bernardino County District Attorney 's Office . "  Special allegations " can add to a convict 's sentence in California . Jurado entered court Thursday in an orange jail jumpsuit , with his hands and ankles shackled . The arraignment lasted only a few minutes . Three of Sullivan 's relatives attended . The next court date is scheduled for January 9 . The defense team expects to receive "  initial discovery of police reports and any other evidence that the district attorney has , " defense attorney Michael Holmes said Wednesday . He noted that the court "  allows video arraignment " but said Jurado "  wanted to be present in court during the entire process . " The party in Sullivan 's honor was to celebrate his recent return to California from Kentucky , where he was stationed while recovering from wounds sustained in a suicide bombing a year ago in Afghanistan . That bombing killed five members of his unit and left him with a cracked collarbone and brain damage , according to the San Bernardino County Sun . Sullivan received the Purple Heart . At the party , Sullivan was shot twice after an argument and physical confrontation with Jurado , who fled the scene , according to police and witnesses . The fight broke out after Jurado and Sullivan 's younger brother began arguing about football , the brothers ' mother , Suzanne Sullivan , said . Jurado turned himself in to authorities in Chino Hills , California , on Monday afternoon , said Lt. Gwendolyn Waters . Suzanne Sullivan said her family is having a difficult time coming to terms with what happened . "  He once told me that if defending this country takes his life , so be it , " she said . "  But to see he survived that , and now for this to happen to him , just breaks my heart . " CNN 's Stan Wilson , Stella Chan , Adam Blaker , Carey Bodenheimer , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : The next court date is scheduled for January 9 Ruben Jurado , 19 pleaded not guilty Thursday Jurado is accused of shooting Army Spc. Christopher Sullivan at a party Sullivan was wounded in Afghanistan
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- South Korean President Lee Myung-bak promised a "  fresh start " Wednesday after his entire Cabinet and top civil servants offered to resign following street protests . Tens of thousands hold up candles during Tuesday 's protest against resuming beef imports . "  I 'm determined to make a fresh start . Let 's pursue aggressive challenges in these difficult times , " Lee said in a statement that may indicate sweeping government personnel changes are in the works . The government has been in crisis over a deal to resume imports of beef from the United States after a ban lasting several years due to fears of mad cow disease . Tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets of the South Korea capital , Seoul , on Tuesday over the deal with Washington . Prime Minister Han Seung-soo and the South Korean Cabinet offered to resign Tuesday . The move followed a similar resignation offer last week by eight top Lee aides . Washington and Seoul reached an agreement in April that would clear the way for South Korea to resume importing beef from the United States , but Seoul now has reservations over the terms of the agreement , and South Korean negotiators held meetings in Washington on Wednesday to try to change the terms of the deal . Watch massive protests in Seoul " Lee instructed them "  to ensure that beef from cattle 30 months old and older will not be imported under any circumstances , " his Web site said . "  It will not be easy , but I urge you to do your best to realize what the people want in this matter . " The South Korean move stems from concerns that animals more than 30 months old are a greater risk for mad cow disease . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration bans the use of certain organs of cattle more than 30 months of age because they represent a greater threat for mad cow disease , but the agency considers the meat from those animals to be safe . While the United States already agreed not export the cattle organs considered most likely to carry disease , the deal put no age restrictions on cattle . Last week , the South Korean government put off the final administrative step needed to resume imports . Without that step taking place , no beef will be imported from the United States . Eating meat products contaminated with the illness has been linked to variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , a rare and fatal malady in humans . Scientists believe mad cow disease spreads when farmers feed cattle recycled meat and bones from infected animals . The U.S. banned recycled feeds in 1997 .	S Korean President promises "  fresh start " Wednesday after Cabinet offers to resign Govt . in crisis for resuming U.S. beef imports after a ban linked to mad cow disease Tens of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets over deal with Washington
CNN  -- Iran has been targeted by a new computer worm named Stars , according to an Iranian official . "  The damage is very slight in the initial stage , " defense official Gholam Reza Jalali told the semi-official news agency Mehr . It was unclear how long ago the worm was discovered or which systems in Iran it was designed to penetrate . "  It is compatible with the  targeted  system , " Jalali said , and "  it is likely to be mistaken for executable files of the government . " The announcement comes less than a year after Iranian nuclear facilities were targeted by a highly specialized computer worm called Stuxnet . It was apparently designed to secretly infiltrate the centrifuge machines that refine uranium and make them spin so fast they would break , according to David Albright of the Institute for Science and International Security . "  About 10 % of the centrifuges were destroyed by Stuxnet , " he said , which resulted in a setback for the Iranian nuclear program by as much as a year . Iranian officials have said they believe last year 's Stuxnet cyberattack originated in Israel and the United States , but officials from neither country have commented on the malware 's origin . An American and an Israeli representative reached by CNN about the latest report again declined to comment . An official with Symantec , a computer security firm that decoded the Stuxnet program last year , said a sample would be required for the company to forensically study the latest program for clues to its origin and its target . "  Until we have that , we can only guess at this point , " said John Harrison , with Symantec 's security response group . An Iranian official at the United Nations , Alireza Miryousefi , said he could provide no further details on the latest attack . But in a statement , he said , "  These sabotages --  such  as producing computer viruses and the assassination of our nuclear scientists -- are outright criminal and illegal , aimed at preventing Iranians from implementing their peaceful nuclear rights . " Last year , in addition to the computer worm attack , two Iranian nuclear scientists were attacked by unknown assailants with car bombs . One of them was killed . Albright warned that the latest cyberattack on Iran could prompt a response . "  Iran does n't usually take things lying down , " he said . "  I 'm sure they will start thinking about retaliation . They 'll probably think of trying to launch a cyberattack . " CNN 's Brian Todd and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	The announcement comes less than a year after Iranian nuclear facilities were targeted At the time a computer worm appeared to focus on Iran 's nuclear production capability The announcement left unclear which facilities are targeted by the new worm
CNN  -- More than 1,300 Palestinians died and about 5,400 others were wounded during Israel 's three-week offensive in Gaza , the Web site of the Palestinian Authority 's Central Bureau of Statistics said Monday . A Palestinian man Monday prays in the rubble of his home , destroyed during Israel 's offensive in Gaza . Louay Shabana , head of the agency , said more than 22,000 buildings were damaged or destroyed . Shabana put the economic destruction at more than $ 1.9 billion . The fighting largely stopped Sunday with a cease-fire . Israel has said 13 of its citizens -- including 10 soldiers -- were killed during the offensive , which started December 27 . Israel said its offensive was aimed at stopping Hamas militants from firing rockets into southern Israel . Gaza is in need of humanitarian , economic , sanitary and social help as a result of the Israeli attacks , Shabana said . The attacks destroyed public sector and private buildings in Gaza , affecting even the United Nations Relief and Works Agency 's facilities and halting economic and social services , the statistics agency said . Watch Palestinians recover bodies from rubble " Gaza 's gross domestic product was slashed by 85 percent during the 22 days of war , and it could take a year for the economy to recover , the agency said in a preliminary report . About 80 percent of crops in Gaza were destroyed , according to the agency . "  The pervasive sense here among the population is one of overwhelming grief , so many families have been destroyed in so many ways , " said John Ging , the top United Nations official in Gaza . Ging , UNRWA 's Gaza director of operations , said the bill could reach "  billions of dollars . " Among the dead were 159 children , two of whom died in an UNRWA school that was shelled Saturday , Ging said . Gaza 's main border crossings , which Israel often closed in response to Hamas rocket attacks , were open Monday . Infrastructure repairs were being made , but 400,000 people still had no water , according to Ging . Streets in some northern Gaza towns were flooded with sewage , and about 50 U.N. facilities were damaged , he said . More than 170 supply trucks crossed into Gaza on Monday , less than a third of the daily number that crossed in 2005 , said John Holmes , U.N. under-secretary-general for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief coordinator . Israel tried to avoid civilian casualties in Gaza , a senior Israel Defense Forces officer said in a posting Monday on the IDF Web site . "  This was not a war against the Palestinians , " he said . "  It was an operation of self-defense against Hamas and related terror organizations . Unfortunately , this task was made extremely difficult by Hamas , as they made the choice to use civilians as human shields . " Israel began the offensive in response to rocket fire by Hamas militants after showing eight years of restraint , the officer said . The operation 's goal , he said , "  was to improve the security situation in southern Israel , and to facilitate peaceful living for the Israeli civilians living there . " "  We asked ourselves how to accomplish this , and the answer was to hit Hamas hard -- to strike the tunnels , the terrorists themselves , and all of their assets -- in order to prevent them from committing war crimes by firing rockets that target our civilian population , " the officer said . He said seven rockets have been fired from Gaza into Israel since Sunday 's cease-fire declaration . "  We want to give this cease-fire a chance , but if Hamas chooses not to , we will utilize all of our means , " he said .	Israeli offensive caused $ 1.9 billion in economic destruction in Gaza , official says It could take a year for Gaza 's economy to recover , Palestinian agency says U.N. official : 159 children among 1,300 people killed in Gaza during offensive
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian police have arrested three suspects named in a suicide note left by a teenager who claimed she had been gang raped , as anger in the country grows over the rising number of violent crimes committed against women . The 17-year-old girl died Wednesday after ingesting poison , according to Paramjit Singh Gill , the inspector-general of police in the Patiala district of Punjab in the country 's north . In her suicide note , the girl blamed her alleged rapists for causing her death . Three of the suspects , including a female accomplice , have since been arrested , Gill said . The unnamed girl claimed she was gang-raped during the Hindu festival of Diwali on November 13 . However , a formal case was n't registered by police until 14 days later . Two police officers involved in the case have been fired and another has been suspended for their handling of the rape complaint . Gill said an investigation was underway into allegations made by the girl 's family that the officers pressured her to withdraw her complaint . The teenager 's death comes after days of mass protests over the gang-rape of a 23-year-old woman on a bus in New Delhi on December 16 . The victim in that case died early Saturday . Read more : India gang-rape victim in Singapore for treatment Her attackers were alleged to have assaulted the woman and her male companion , robbing them of their belongings before dumping them at the side of a road , according to a police statement . Six suspects are now under arrest , including the bus driver and a minor . The woman 's male companion has since been discharged from hospital , but the violent sexual assault left the woman near death and in need of intensive care . She was flown to Singapore for treatment on Thursday where doctors described her condition as "  extremely critical . " She "  passed away peacefully " at 4:45 a.m. Saturday  3:45 p.m. ET Friday  , with her family and Indian officials at her side , Dr. Kelvin Loh , chief executive officer at Mount Elizabeth Hospital , in Singapore , said in a statement . "  Our medical team 's investigations upon her arrival at the hospital ... showed that in addition to her prior cardiac arrest , she also had infection of her lungs and abdomen , as well as significant brain injury , " Loh said after the woman had been brought to his hospital . Authorities have n't released the name of the rape victim , but protesters are calling her "  Damini , " which means "  lightning " in Hindi . "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of a sexual assault . The brutal attack triggered a wave of protests that started in the Raisina Hills area of New Delhi on Saturday , and spread to other areas of the city . Demonstrators marched through the streets waving signs that read , "  Hang them till death , " and "  Stop this shame . " Police aimed water cannon at the crowd , after some demonstrators tried to break through the security barriers erected around the government district , parliament building and presidential palace . Protesters claimed they were injured in clashes , and returned to the streets on Sunday shouting anti-government slogans . More demonstrations were held on Thursday , when elderly and middle-aged women joined younger students to demand greater action and protection . They say the government is not doing enough to address the alarming incidence of rape in India . Reported rape cases have surged more than tenfold over the past 40 years -- from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . New Delhi alone reported 572 rapes last year and more than 600 in 2012 . The government announced plans Thursday to "  name and shame " convicted rapists by posting their names , images and addresses on official websites , according to the Times of India . Read more : Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude Meanwhile , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh described the safety of women as his government 's "  highest concern " in a meeting with senior government officials . "  Women and girls represent half the population and our society has not been fair to this half . Their socio-economic status is improving , but gaps persist , " he said in a speech Thursday . "  The emergence of women in public spaces , which is an absolutely essential part of social emancipation , is accompanied by growing threats to their safety and security , " Singh said . He reiterated that the December 16 bus rape case would be dealt with in a speedy manner . "  There can be no meaningful development without the active participation of half the population and this participation simply can not take place if their security and safety are not assured , " Singh said . Seema Sirohi , from the Indian Council on Global Relations , told CNN that most women in India had their own stories of sexual harassment and abuse . "  To be a woman in India is not an easy proposition . Every woman has experienced some kind of abuse on public transportation , lewd remarks on the street . No matter how conservatively you are dressed , you are still open season for the men , " she said . "  There are a lot of reasons why this happens , but the patriarchal system is one , a lack of policing is another , and general treatment of women which is not equal to men , even though it may be so under the law , " Sirohi added . The Indian Cabinet plans to set up a commission to look into the rape and suggest measures to improve women 's safety . The commission has three months to submit its report to the government .	17-year-old girl commits suicide after alleging she was gang raped In her suicide note , she named her alleged attackers who have since been arrested Her death follows furious protests over another gang-rape on a bus in New Delhi Protesters are demanding more government action after a sharp rise in cases
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- Sarath Fonseka , the former head of the armed forces in Sri Lanka , was released from prison Monday . A military court-martial in 2010 sentenced him to 30 months in jail for irregular procurements during his time in charge of the army . A previous court-martial had stripped him of his title of general and deprived him of his pension for "  dabbling in politics . " Television footage showed Fonseka walking out of prison Monday after Justice Secretary Kamalini de Silva sent paperwork to prison authorities ordering his release . Under the Sri Lankan constitution , the president is empowered to pardon "  any offender convicted of any offense in any court of Sri Lanka . " President Mahinda Rajapaksa had signed an order and placed it with the Justice Ministry before he flew to Doha to attend the Qatar Forum , according to his spokesperson Bandula Jayasekera . "  I ca n't believe it . This was quite unexpected , " said Fonseka 's wife , Anoma . "  My two daughters have arrived from the U.S. and we are very pleased with the release of my husband and their father . " Fonseka , who led troops to victory over Tamil Tiger rebels exactly three years ago this week , had fallen out of favor with Rajapaksa and his powerful brother , Defense Secretary Gotabhaya Rajapaksa . That split came after Fonseka unsuccessfully challenged Rajapaksa in early 2010 presidential elections . Last year , Fonseka was found guilty of "  inciting violence " for alleging in a newspaper interview that Gotabhaya Rajapaksa had ordered the shooting of rebel leaders who were surrendering with white flags during the final stages of the civil war in May 2009 . The United States labeled Fonseka a "  political prisoner " in its annual Human Rights Report last year . Both Washington and the European Union have repeatedly called for his release . The formalities necessary to clear the way for Rajapaksa 's pardon were addressed Monday when the Supreme Court allowed an application by Fonseka 's counsel to withdraw two different appeals against his previous convictions . Fonseka was driven from the private Nawaloka Hospital to the court by an armed group of prison guards . He had been in hospital for a lung ailment for the past 25 days , according to hospital officials . Large crowds carrying the national flag , portraits of Fonseka gathered outside the hospital . Asked whether her husband would reenter politics , Anoma Fonseka enigmatically replied , "  It depends . "	NEW : Television footage shows Sarath Fonseka walking out of prison A letter pardoning Fonseka has been sent to the prison authorities He fell out of favor with President Rajapaksa after challenging him in elections
CNN  -- Two of the dozens of bush fires burning out of control in the eastern Australian state of New South Wales were sparked by power lines that had been buffeted by strong winds , fire officials said Saturday , citing preliminary investigations . In the Springwood fire , 193 homes have been destroyed and another 109 damaged . In the Mt. Victoria fire , seven homes have been destroyed and one damaged , the New South Wales Rural Fire Service said in a statement . Fire investigators were still looking into the cause of the other fires . Earlier , authorities said they were trying to determine whether one of the fires was caused by a military training exercise . A huge blaze near Lithgow , New South Wales , started on October 16 , when officials "  were conducting an explosive ordnance training activity , " the Australian Department of Defense said . Investigators were trying to determine whether the two events are linked , the statement said . Authorities said this week that some 95 fires were burning and that 34 of them were out of control . The Springwood and Winmalee areas of the Blue Mountains were among the hardest hit , the fire service said . It suggested residents seek shelter and protect themselves from the heat . Emergency alert telephone warning messages were being sent to people in the area , the fire service said . The fires have caused numerous road closures in the state , the fire service said , adding that a damage assessment was underway . At least one fatality has been reported . Walter Lindner , 63 , died of a suspected heart attack on Friday while defending his home against a blaze on the New South Wales Central Coast , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported . Lindner collapsed while working alongside his neighbor to save his heritage-listed homestead , according to ABC . He was taken to a hospital where he was pronounced dead . The toll has been emotional for many . "  I said to my husband , I remembered when he carried me across the threshold , " a 54-year-old woman whose house was a total loss told Reuters . "  I 've got to start again , but we will ... as a family , together . " The Blue Mountains area is a UNESCO World Heritage Site west of Sydney . Fires sent plumes of smoke into the air . New South Wales Premier Barry O'Farrell warned Thursday that hundreds of homes could be destroyed . Footage broadcast earlier by CNN affiliate Seven Network showed flames consuming homes .	NEW : "  I 've got to start again , " says a 54-year-old woman Australian firefighters are still battling the fires At least one person has died Springwood and Winmalee area of the Blue Mountains are among the hardest hit
CNN  -- There 's more to Election Day than just the presidential campaign . The polarization of the parties has led directly to the divided and dysfunctional Congress we 've seen over the past two years , leading to the lowest congressional approval ratings in recent history . No matter who wins the presidency , we need to see more principled problem-solving centrists elected from both parties . That 's why I 'm continuing my pre-election CNN.com column tradition of listing some of the most standout centrist Senate and House candidates on the ballot this year . Centrism is one of most misunderstood and maligned political identities in our polarized hyper-partisan environment . Its advocates have been hunted into near-extinction on Capitol Hill by party-first conformists , angry ideologues and special interests . Politics : Key races to watch -- Senate , House and Governor But a look over this list shows a deeper philosophic consistency beyond party labels -- a commitment to generational responsibility and individual liberty that can be fairly described as fiscally conservative but socially liberal . Most of all , there is a common commitment to working together across party lines to solve problems rather than holding out for ideologically pure solutions . For a more detailed defense of the legitimacy of this political perspective , David Brooks gave a typically eloquent explanation of the centrist political leader as a craftsman in a must-read column . The 10 standout centrist candidates on this list are independents , Republicans and Democrats who all recognize that hyper-partisanship is hurting our country because it is stopping us from solving the serious problems we face . That 's why we need them in the next Congress -- to break the fever of division and dysfunction , define the common ground that exists on the urgent issues we face and then build on them . Their success in the 2012 election would be a healthy step forward for the nation . 2012 ballot initiatives : Voter-run or special interest-hijacked ? Angus King This independent 's Senate campaign in Maine is the biggest nonpresidential race in the nation for many independent voters -- a gutsy challenge to the two parties that looks like it will prove successful . King has described himself as "  too fiscally conservative for the Democrats and too socially liberal for the Republicans -- like 75 % of the American people . " He proved his effectiveness in two terms as a popular independent governor of Maine in the 1990s . Now he is the odds-on favorite to succeed retiring centrist Republican Olympia Snowe in the Senate . If the Senate is closely divided , he could be the deciding vote . King has told me about his vision to bring together a coalition of senators in the vital center to break gridlock . "  What if two or three other people like me around the country were elected who said : ' I do n't care about the parties -- I just want to solve the problems ... We 're going start talking to each other in a grown-up and civil way . " Here 's hoping . Bob Kerrey The Medal of Honor winner , Nebraska governor , senator , presidential candidate and college president would return to Washington as an elder statesman committed to building bipartisan coalitions . He is one of the most respected and best liked political leaders of recent decades . His opponent , social conservative state senator Deb Fischer , rode to victory in the Republican primary thanks to endorsements by the likes of Sarah Palin and Jim DeMint . "  Somebody has to go back there and change Congress . Somebody has to stand the middle ground , " Kerrey says . "  I want to be the person that makes that change happen . " This election is close in a center-right state , and former Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel 's endorsement of Democrat Kerrey on Thursday provided another boost . Having Kerrey back in the senate would be a win not just for the people of Nebraska , but for the entire country . Heather Wilson A former congresswoman , Air Force officer and Rhodes Scholar , the New Mexico Republican would be an excellent addition to the U.S. Senate and the Republican conference . She won more than 40 % of the Hispanic vote in each of her six congressional races . But with the polarization of the Hispanic population over neighboring Arizona 's immigration laws , New Mexico has moved from bellwether swing state to the Democratic column . So , Wilson is flying against stiff headwinds . But she 's a big-tent , pro-life Republican -- fiscally conservative , centrist on social issues and strong on defense -- with a demonstrated ability to win over independent voters . Her biggest problem is the rightward drift of the GOP and the consequent alienation of the Hispanic vote in a presidential year . But she would make a great senator that New Mexico would be proud of for decades to come . Joe Donnelly The Indiana Democrat is running to replace centrist Republican statesman Dick Lugar in the Senate against the tea party-backed Republican nominee Richard Mourdock . A three-term Congressman with a decidedly centrist record , Donnelly has been arguing that Mourdock is too extreme for Indiana -- with plenty of help from Mourdock himself . From Mourdock 's saying that bipartisanship "  ought to consist of Democrats coming to the Republican point of view , " to slamming centrists in the Senate by arguing that "  the time for collegiality is past ... it 's time for confrontation , " to his now infamous comments that pregnancies that result from rape are "  God 's will , " Mourdock has managed to find himself losing a Senate race in a state that Mitt Romney is winning easily . Hoosiers do n't seem to want an embarrassing advocate of extremism in the Senate . They 'd do better with Donnelly . Linda Lingle It takes an impressive person to win Hawaii 's governorship as a Republican , but former Maui Mayor Linda Lingle managed to distinguish herself as a successful and popular leader during her two terms , while breaking down barriers as the first woman and first Jewish governor of the Aloha State . Running in a presidential election cycle with Hawaii-born Barack Obama on the ballot is no picnic for a Republican , but Lingle has overcome long odds before -- she won reelection as governor by the largest margin in Hawaii 's history . She 's developed an impressive record as a decisive leader , combining fiscal responsibility with a big-tent approach on social issues . She would be a refreshing centrist Republican voice in the U.S. Senate . Tim Kaine It 's a tight Senate race between two former Virginia governors -- centrist Democrat Tim Kaine and conservative Republican George Allen -- to see who will succeed Jim Webb in the Senate . Kaine is the kind of solid Third Way Democrat who has proven he can win statewide in the Old Dominion state , like his predecessor Mark Warner , who currently serves in the Senate and has been a leader of the Gang of Six negotiations to find a bipartisan deal on the deficit and the debt . Kaine -- a former DNC Chair - is not as nonpartisan as many centrists , but he is a classic DLC Blue Dog of the kind we have seen almost hunted into extinction on Capital Hill . His election would send a welcome signal about that tradition 's persistence and further commitment to the kind of thoughtful bipartisan cooperation we need to see in the Senate . Scott Brown When Scott Brown won the special election to succeed Ted Kennedy in the Senate , it was seen as a tea party victory predicated upon his opposition to Obama 's health care reform . But as senator , Brown has developed a decidedly centrist voting record -- being recognized by the National Journal voting records as having a 55 % conservative and 45 % liberal composite record , placing him squarely in the center of the Senate . He has tried to rekindle the Ed Brooke Massachusetts moderate tradition and is locked in a tough race against Elizabeth Warren , who has developed a strong following for her fearless work in the wake of the fiscal crisis . But Brown 's record can not and should not be ignored -- and if he loses this Senate seat in the headwinds of the likely Obama landslide in his home state of Massachusetts , we could see Brown back in the Senate or serve as governor sometime in the future . Jim Graves To many moderates , Michele Bachmann is the symbol of everything that 's wrong with our divided and dysfunctional congress . She 's quick to call opponents anti-American and weave unhinged conspiracy theories into policy debates . But she 's never had a serious candidate campaign against her until now . Jim Graves is a 58-year-old , self-made Minnesota businessman and grandfather of seven , still married to his high-school sweetheart . And he 's got Bachmann on defense in her reelection effort . "  My policy approach transcends political lines , " Graves told me in an interview for DailyBeast , "  I 'm a centrist , a libertarian when it comes to social issues . I do n't think government should be involved with personal lives . I really believe in separation of church and state . Bachmann wants to blur those lines -- she would  replace  our democracy with a theocracy , " he says . "  She epitomizes everything that 's wrong with Congress and this country -- a lack of civility , a lack of bipartisan or nonpartisan approach to problem solving . " Richard Tisei A Republican running for Congress in Massachusetts this year might be dismissed as a political suicide mission , but Richard Tisei is an exception in every sense . He 's running a strong race against an uninspiring and ineffective liberal incumbent John Tierney in a state where registered independents outnumber Democrats or Republicans . Tisei is popular state legislator and a self-described "  live and let live ' Republican -- who applies the principles of individual liberty and individual responsibility consistently in his political philosophy -- get government out of the bedroom and out of the boardroom . He is also , perhaps not incidentally , openly gay . But Tisei 's constituents have come to see him as a strong advocate of fiscal responsibility and limited government , a libertarian New England Republican in the mold of Bill Weld rather than Mitt Romney . Richard Hanna This upstate New York Republican congressman is an independent thinker who does not let party loyalty get in the way of his common sense approach to solving problems . The longtime businessman and community leader does not mince words or shy away from condemning impractical extremes on both sides . He told the Syracuse Post-Standard , "  I 'm frustrated by how much we -- I mean the Republican Party -- are willing to give deferential treatment to our extremes in this moment in history . ... If all people do is go down there and join a team , and the team is invested in winning and you have something that looks very similar to the shirts and the skins , there 's not a lot of value there . " That 's the kind of principled independence , and commitment to governing in the national interest , that we need to see more of in the next Congress . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : We need to see more principled centrists elected to Congress Avlon : I offer a list of the top standout centrist Senate and Congressional candidates His suggestions include Angus King , Bob Kerrey , Heather Wilson , Joe Donnelly and others Avlon : Centrism is about working together across party lines to solve problems
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The recent recovery of one of his stolen trophies and several scrapbook items at a Los Angeles park left tennis legend Pete Sampras "  a little more optimistic " that the rest of his coveted memorabilia will soon be found , his agent said Monday . Thieves last month broke into a public storage facility that the 14-time Grand Slam titleholder was renting as he and his family moved from their Thousand Oaks , California , estate to nearby Brentwood . Afterward , Sampras learned that 51 of his 64 championship trophies -- including one marking his first Australian Open cup -- were among the coveted items stolen . His agent , Grant Chen , said authorities contacted Sampras after one of those trophies and several other items were found late last week at the Griffith Park Recreation Center in Los Angeles . The park , one of the nation 's largest situated south of Burbank and west of Glendale , is about 20 miles east of the West Los Angeles storage site from which the trophies were stolen . Los Angeles Department of Parks and Recreation spokeswoman Andrea Epstein declined to comment on the find , referring inquiries to Los Angeles Police . That office would not talk about the investigation . Sampras and his wife Bridgette Wilson-Sampras , an actress , recently listed their Thousand Oaks property , which is on the grounds of the Sherwood Country Club , for sale at $ 25 million . "  The moving company we hired is very well trusted , and we 've used them before , " said Chen , who helped the Sampras family -- including sons Christian , 8 , and Ryan , 5 -- pack and move . "  Only a few people knew the contents of the 50 to 60 tightly sealed boxes that we stored . " Sampras can account for all but one of the 14 Grand Slam trophies -- given for his wins at the Australian Open , Wimbledon and the U.S. Open . Most of them Sampras brought personally to his new home , while he loaned his 1993 Wimbledon men 's singles trophy , 1997 Australian men 's singles title and one Davis Cup trophy to the Nike headquarters in Oregon . The only one stolen was his 1994 Australian Grand Slam title , said Chen . Steven Glick , a spokesman for Public Storage in West Los Angeles , told CNN that his company is "  fully cooperating " with investigators , but he declined to elaborate . Sampras , 39 , was awarded five season-ending Association of Tennis Professional World Tour trophies and six trophies for finishing No. 1 in the world from 1993 to 1998 . Those valuables , as well as seven ESPY awards , two Davis Cup medallions and an Olympic ring , were among those stolen from two rental units , Chen said . In addition to his titles , Chen said thieves took framed photographs of Sampras with Presidents George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton , as well as some personal letters written by Bush . Other stolen items included a piano bench signed by singer Elton John and a signed guitar from Carlos Santana . Sampras , who grew up in Southern California , defeated Andre Agassi at the 2002 U.S. Open before retiring the following year with the most Grand Slam wins in tennis history . Roger Federer later surpassed his record with 16 major titles . "  Sampras pleaded with the public as a last resort ,  hoping  that someone will offer a tip or come forward , " said Chen . "  Those stolen items represent memories of a lifetime , and Pete wants nothing more than to share those memories with his sons . "	Pete Sampras is "  a little more optimistic " his stolen mementos will be found , his agent says One of the tennis legend 's stolen trophies was found late last week in a Los Angeles park Thieves took 51 of Sampras ' championship trophies and other items last month , police say
CNN  -- Sen. John McCain played offense against Sen. Barack Obama during much of the final presidential debate as he challenged his rival on his policies , judgment and character . Obama said he is the candidate who can bring "  fundamental change " to the country and continued to try to link McCain to President Bush . In one of the more forceful moments of the debate , McCain turned to Obama and said , "  I am not President Bush . " "  If you want to run against President Bush , you should have run four years ago . I 'm going to give a new direction to this economy and this country , " the Arizona senator said . Watch McCain say he 's no Bush " McCain aides said they had been working on him to be more explicit in drawing a distinction between himself and Bush . With less than three weeks before the election , it was one of several jabs McCain took at his opponent , who is leading the race in most national polls and has an 8-point lead in CNN 's average of national polls . A CNN/Opinion Research poll of people who watched the debate found 58 percent said Obama did the best job while 31 percent said McCain did . Watch entire debate : Part 1 " | Part 2 " | Part 3 " The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points , and the sample of debate-watchers in the poll were 40 percent Democratic and 30 percent Republican . McCain touted what he called his "  long record of reform " and said to Obama : "  You have to tell me one time when you have stood up with the leaders of your party on one single major issue . " Obama said he has a "  history of reaching across the aisle " and pointed to his support for charter schools , pay for performance for teachers and clean coal technology . See scenes from the debate " "  Sen. Obama , your argument for standing up to the leadership of your party is n't very convincing , " McCain said . The third and final presidential debate took place at Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York , and was moderated by Bob Schieffer of CBS News . Analysts weigh in on the debate " As McCain tried to put the pressure on Obama , he told the Illinois senator that voters need to "  know the full extent " of his relationship with Bill Ayers , a former 1960s radical who belonged to the Weather Underground . "  Mr. Ayers is not involved in this campaign , he has never been involved in my campaign , and he will not advise me in the White House , " Obama said . McCain 's campaign has charged that Obama 's association with Ayers should cause voters to question his judgment . Ayers was a founding member of the radical Weather Underground , a group that was involved in bombings in the early 1970s , including attacks on the Pentagon and the Capitol . Obama said Ayers had committed "  despicable acts " 40 years ago , but pointed out that he himself had been 8 years old at the time . Watch what Obama says about Ayers " Obama said Ayers has become the "  centerpiece " of McCain 's campaign and said the fact that McCain keeps bringing Ayers up "  says more about your campaign than it says about me . " The Republican nominee also brought up comments made last weekend by Rep. John Lewis and pushed Obama to repudiate them . Lewis on Saturday compared the feeling at recent GOP rallies to those of segregationist George Wallace . "  I think Congressman Lewis ' point was that we have to be careful about how we deal with our supporters , " Obama said . "  I do think that he inappropriately drew a comparison between what was happening there and what had happened during the civil rights movement , and we immediately put out a statement saying that we do n't think that comparison is appropriate , " he said . As the candidates butted heads over tax policy , both made frequent mention of "  Joe the plumber . " Watch voters react when ` Joe ' comes up " Last weekend , while Obama was canvassing for support in Holland , Ohio , the Democratic nominee ran into a man since dubbed Joe the plumber . In that exchange "  Joe " asked Obama if he believed in the American Dream -- he said he was about to buy a company that makes more than $ 250,000 a year and was concerned that Obama would tax him more because of it . Obama explained his tax plan in depth , saying it 's better to lower taxes for Americans who make less money , so that they could afford to buy from his business . At the debate Wednesday , McCain characterized Obama 's plan as trying to "  spread the wealth around . " Watch the candidates debate tax plans " "  We 're going to take Joe 's money , give it to Sen. Obama , and let him spread the wealth around . I want Joe the plumber to spread the wealth around , " McCain said . He added , "  Why would you want to increase anybody 's taxes right now ? Why would you want to do that to anyone , anyone in America , when we have such a tough time ? " Obama countered that both he and McCain want to cut taxes , but that his plan would cut taxes for "  95 percent of American families , " more than McCain 's plan . On spending , Obama promised as president he would "  go through the federal budget page by page , line by line , and cut programs that do n't work , " echoing a vow his rival has made repeatedly . McCain in turn promised an "  across the board spending freeze . " He said he would balance the federal budget in four years , and went on to name specific programs including subsidies for ethanol when Schieffer pressed both candidates to identify specific budget cuts they would make . The candidates also talked about abortion rights , a topic not addressed in the previous presidential debate . Watch the candidates debate abortion " McCain refused to commit to nominating only judges who opposed abortion , saying he would "  never impose a litmus test " on court nominees . But he qualified the statement a moment later , saying he would base his nominations on "  qualifications " -- and that he did not believe a judge who supported Roe v. Wade , the case that legalized abortion , "  would be part of those qualifications . " McCain hammered Obama on abortion , accusing him of "  aligning himself with the extreme aspect of the pro-abortion movement in America . " Obama rejected the charge out of hand , saying : "  Nobody is pro-abortion . " He advocated sex education as a way of reducing the number of unintended pregnancies that result in abortions . "  We should try to prevent unintended pregnancies by providing appropriate education to our youth , communicating that sexuality is sacred and they should not be engaged in cavalier activity , " he said . At the conclusion of the debate , Schieffer signed off with a line borrowed from his mother : "  Go vote now . It will make you feel big and strong . "	NEW : More viewers say Obama won the debate , poll shows NEW : Candidates debate Bill Ayers , John Lewis , negativity NEW : McCain , Obama make frequent mention of "  Joe the plumber " McCain , Obama start debate with talk of economic plans
Authorities have imposed a curfew in Mandalay , Myanmar 's second-largest city , following nights of deadly communal violence between Buddhists and Muslims . Two people have been killed and 14 injured since rioting erupted Tuesday , Col. Aung Kyaw Moe , Mandalay Region 's Border Affairs and Security Minister , told CNN Friday . The rioting began when a mob attacked a tea shop owned by a Muslim man accused of raping a Buddhist woman , and continued the following night . Citing officials , the state-run New Light of Myanmar newspaper reported that eight separate conflicts took place in the region on Tuesday and Wednesday night , involving gangs of as many as 450 people , some armed with weapons including swords , firearms , knives , rods and "  incendiary materials . " One of the victims was Muslim and one Buddhist , officials said . Myanmar is a predominantly Buddhist country , with Muslims estimated to account for about 5 % of the population . Myanmar has witnessed several outbreaks of violence targeting Muslims in recent years as the country emerges from decades of authoritarian military rule , threatening the country 's fragile political reforms . Extremist Buddhist nationalist elements , such as the 969 Movement , have been accused of fanning the flames of hatred , and pushing for discriminatory laws , including a proposed ban on interfaith marriage . Fears of new unrest as Myanmar ponders monk-backed interfaith marriage ban Radical Buddhist monks , including the 969 Movement 's spiritual leader , Ashin Wirathu , appeared to have played "  a pivotal role " in contributing to the latest unrest , said David Mathieson , a senior researcher for Human Rights Watch . Anger against the Muslim tea shop owner , a Muslim , had escalated after Wirathu had circulated a report of the alleged rape on his Facebook page , and called for a harsh government response to "  jihadist Muslims . " There had also been a significant monk presence among the mob , said Mathieson . "  The area where this happened is 5-10 minute drive from where Wirathu 's monastery is , " he said . "  This really is his heartland . " Matthew Smith , executive director of rights group Fortify Rights , said extremists were "  using social media as a platform to spread hateful anti-Muslim rhetoric and in some cases to incite violence . " Myanmar 's government had temporarily suspended Facebook in an attempt to tamp down the unrest , he said . "  It 's a tinderbox that could erupt to unprecedented levels of violence , " he said . "  The authorities have n't done nearly enough to stem the rising tide of anti-Muslim sentiment , and in some cases the government is contributing to its growth , lending public support to extremists and inflammatory draft legislation while failing to protect at-risk Muslim communities . " However , one positive sign was that activists in Myanmar were beginning to stand up against online hate speech and racial violence , he said . One of the most influential voices in this movement is Nay Phone Latt , a blogger and former political prisoner who in April launched a campaign to counter hate speech with "  panzagar , " or "  flower speech . " "  Our campaign is trying to change the people 's mindset and trying to create a good culture , " he said , adding that allowing religious and ethnic conflicts to fester had been a technique of Myanmar 's rulers since colonial days . In the case of the Mandalay unrest , he said , "  we clearly saw that this conflict started from online incitements . " The government 's failure to prevent the violence also needed to be questioned , he said . Religious violence has left hundreds of people dead and close to 150,000 homeless since unrest broke out in in the western state of Rakhine in June 2012 , with the stateless Rohingya Muslim minority bearing the brunt of the violence . Outbreaks of anti-Muslim violence have occurred elsewhere in the country . Aung said nine people had been arrested over the violence . Five were Muslim and four Buddhist , he said . Aung San Suu Kyi 's silence on the Rohingya	Two people are dead after violent clashes between Buddhists and Muslims in Myanmar Radical Buddhist monks appeared to play a role in inciting mobs , says rights researcher Myanmar has had numerous outbursts of anti-Muslim violence in recent years The violence threatens the country 's fledgling transition from decades of military rule
CNN  -- Nigeria 's military says it 's questioning a leader of Boko Haram , the Islamic militant group blamed for the killings of hundreds of civilians , after capturing him in the country 's northeast early Sunday . Nigerian troops captured Mohammed Zangina shortly after midnight in the city of Maiduguri , said Lt. Col. Sagir Musa , a military spokesman . Zangina is a member of the Shura Committee , the movement 's governing body , and has coordinated "  most of the most of the suicide attacks and bombings " in several cities , including the capital Abuja , Musa said . Nigeria launched a military crackdown on Boko Haram on New Year 's Day . Human Rights Watch says the group -- whose name means "  Western education is sacrilege " -- has killed more than 2,800 people in an escalating campaign to impose strict Islamic law on largely Muslim northern Nigeria . In the past , the group attacked other Muslims it felt were on an immoral path . But it has increasingly targeted Christians with numerous attacks on churches , as well as striking police stations . Boko Haram and other Muslim groups say the north has been starved of resources and marginalized by the Nigerian government . But the U.S. State Department has accused its leaders of having ties to the al Qaeda terrorist network and of hoping to drive a wedge between Nigeria 's Christian and Muslim communities . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Nigeria says Mohammed Zangina helped coordinate Boko Haram attacks The group has been fighting to impose Islamic law in northern Nigeria Government troops launched a crackdown on the group January 1
Tensions are mounting as Russian troops step up their presence in Ukraine 's Crimean peninsula and world leaders push for a diplomatic solution to the escalating crisis . As ideological battle lines are drawn around the world over the situation , leaders are painting vastly different pictures of the realities on the ground . Here are some of the questions at play , with a look at how key players are weighing in : Who 's in charge of Ukraine ? Russia 's take : Viktor Yanukovych remains Ukraine 's elected leader , and Ukraine 's new government is illegitimate . Russian United Nations envoy Vitaly Churkin called it an "  armed takeover by radical extremists . " Ukraine 's take : Ukraine has a legitimate government and is set to have new presidential elections on May 25 . "  Let 's give an opportunity for that to work , " Ukrainian Ambassador to the U.N. Yuriy Sergeyev said . United States ' take : Yanukovych abandoned his post last month , fled the country and was then voted out of office by Ukraine 's democratically elected parliament . How many Russian troops are inside Ukraine ? Russia 's take : Russia has n't said how many troops it 's sent into Ukraine . Ukraine 's take : Russia has sent military ships , helicopters and cargo planes to deploy 16,000 troops into Crimea since February 24 , Sergeyev told the United Nations on Monday . United States ' take : Russian forces "  have complete operational control of the Crimean peninsula , " a senior U.S. administration official told CNN on Sunday , with estimates of 6,000 Russian ground and naval forces in the region Do Russian troops have a right to be in Crimea ? Russia 's take : Yes . A treaty between the neighboring nations allows Russia to have up to 25,000 troops in Crimea , Russia 's U.N. envoy said Monday , adding that Yanukovych requested that Russia send military forces . Ukraine 's take : No . Russian troops amassing in Crimea and near the border with Ukraine are an "  act of aggression . " United States ' take : No , and Russian President Vladimir Putin is playing a dangerous game . The consequences of military action "  could be devastating , " U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Samantha Power said Monday . Why is the tense standoff unfolding now ? Russia 's take : Russia has said its parliament approved Putin 's use of military force to protect Russian citizens in the Crimean peninsula . Ukraine 's take : There 's no evidence of any threat to Russians inside Ukraine . Russia wants to annex Crimea . United States ' take : Russia is responding to its own historic sensitivities about Ukraine , Crimea and their place in Moscow 's sphere of influence , a senior White House official told CNN Monday . Russia fears that Ukraine is falling under European or Western influence , the official said .	Key questions are in dispute over the crisis in Ukraine Russia , Ukraine disagree about who 's in charge Ukraine 's U.N. envoy says 16,000 Russian troops are in Crimea
CNN  -- The state of North Carolina filed an appeal Friday to a judge 's ruling that license plates with the words "  Choose Life " on them are unconstitutional because the state does not offer an alternative for supporters of abortion rights . The state filed its appeal without comment through the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , according to court documents . The action comes less than a month after U.S. District Court Judge James Fox ruled : "  The State 's offering a Choose Life license plate in the absence of a pro-choice alternative constitutes viewpoint discrimination in violation of the First Amendment . " The ruling was praised by the American Civil Liberties Union , which had filed a lawsuit in 2011 to stop the specialty plates . The ACLU called Friday 's appeal "  unfortunate . " "  It 's unfortunate that the state has chosen to prolong what is really a very clear-cut First Amendment issue , " said Chris Brook , legal director of the ACLU 's North Carolina Legal Foundation . "  The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals has consistently ruled that any time the government creates an avenue for private speech , it can not restrict that avenue to only one side of a contentious debate . " The bill for the license plates passed in 2011 . The legislation also mandated that money raised from the sale of the specialty plates would go to a nonprofit group that supports crisis pregnancy centers , CNN affiliate WRAL reported . During the fight to get the bill passed , North Carolina lawmakers voted down amendments that would have created alternatives for abortion-rights supporters such as "  Trust Women . Respect Choice , " the affiliate reported . The "  Choose Life " plates are available in 29 states , according to Choose Life Inc. , a nonprofit that helps states that want to sell these specialty plates . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Judge had ruled plates unconstitutional The ACLU calls state 's appeal of that ruling "  unfortunate " The bill for the plates originally passed in 2011
CNN  -- World champion Sebastian Vettel claimed his fifth pole position in six attempts this season after profiting from a crash-affected qualifying session in Monaco on Saturday . The German was outshone by McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton in Q1 and Q2 , but had set the fastest time of one minute and 13.556 seconds when Q3 was halted for more than half an hour after Mexican rookie Sergio Perez slid into the barriers of the street circuit . Hamilton , the 2008 world champion , had yet to set his flying lap and was unable to do better than seventh following the resumption . The British driver went above Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg -- who crashed at the same place as Perez in Saturday 's final practice session -- but could lose that spot after running across a chicane in his desperate attempt to move up the grid and attracting the interest of the race stewards . The world 's greatest motor race ? Perez , who was taken to hospital , is unlikely to race on Sunday after suffering concussion and a leg injury , but his Sauber team said he had escaped serious harm . "  It was with great relief the team received the news that Sergio Perez has no serious injuries after his heavy accident in the closing minutes of the final part of qualifying for the Monaco Grand Prix , " the team said in a statement . "  The reason for the accident will be investigated and the team will update the media as soon as it has any further information . " It was the same barrier that Sauber 's Karl Wenglinger hit in 1994 , with the Austrian surviving after going into a coma . Hamilton accuses Toro Rosso of helping Red Bull Vettel leads the championship standings by 41 points from Hamilton , who is the only man to beat him this season -- in China last month . The Red Bull driver bounced back from his runner-up finish in Shanghai to win in Turkey and Spain , and is now favorite to clinch his first victory in Monaco if he can avoid any mistakes as front-runner on the notoriously tricky track . The 23-year-old will start ahead of Hamilton 's teammate Jenson Button , who won at Monaco on the way to becoming world champion while at Brawn in 2009 . The Englishman clocked a best lap of 1:13.997 to head off 2010 Monaco winner Mark Webber in the second Red Bull  1:14.019  while final practice pacesetter Fernando Alonso of Ferrari was fourth in 1:14.483 . Seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher was fifth in 1:14.682 , with the German hoping to equal Ayrton Senna 's record of six victories in the principality despite another disappointing season so far for Mercedes . Felipe Massa will start sixth for Ferrari , while Williams ' Venezuelan rookie Pastor Maldonado was ninth ahead of the non-finishing Perez . It was a disappointing day for Lotus Renault , who lost a naming-rights law battle with Team Lotus on Friday and then saw Vitaly Petrov and Nick Heidfeld fail to reach Q3 . Williams ' veteran Brazilian driver Rubens Barrichello , four times a runner-up in Monaco , will start 11th behind Russia 's Petrov if Perez can not take to the wheel .	Sergio Perez 's crash disrupts final qualifying session for Monaco Grand Prix Mexican rookie driver likely to miss Sunday 's race after suffering concussion Sebastian Vettel will start from first on grid after setting fastest time before accident His rival Lewis Hamilton was unable to post a top time when racing resumed
CNN  -- I 've never been one to attend the performances of symphony orchestras , but off and on , for more than 35 years , I gave myself the gift of something even better : Paul Harvey received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Bush in 2005 . I would go and sit with Paul Harvey as he broadcast his radio show . It was music ; it was thrilling . I met him in the early 1970s , when I was a young newspaper reporter in Chicago , and that 's when he allowed me , for the first time , to sit silently in his studio as he did his work . Over the years , whenever I felt a need for a Paul Harvey fix , he was always welcoming , and we came to know each other well . I would sit there wordlessly and observe absolute excellence . He would invariably be wearing a smock when I arrived -- he had been working since well before the sun came up , and the smock would cover his shirt and tie . It was the kind of smock a jeweler might wear , or a watchmaker -- it was crisply pressed , the uniform of an expert craftsman . I never asked him why he wore it , but I suspect that was the reason -- pride in craftsmanship . He would be at the typewriter , honing his script . He was famed for his voice , but the writing itself was so beautiful -- his respect for words , his understanding of the potency of economy , his instinct for removing the superfluous . The world heard him speak , but the world never saw him write , and I think he honored both aspects of his skill equally . He would walk down the hallway to his studio just minutes before airtime . The studio itself -- when I first knew him it was on the west side of North Michigan Avenue , and in later years he moved it to the east side of the street -- was far from lavish . It was impossible to equate the spartan surroundings with the idea that his voice was leaving this little room and traveling around the world . Maybe that was the point : He worked for the illusion of unfussy intimacy . He would make these warm-up noises -- voice exercises , silly-sounding tweets and yodels , strange little un-Paul-Harvey-like sounds -- and he showed no self-consciousness about doing it in front of someone else , because would a National Football League linebacker be self-conscious about someone seeing him stretch before a game , would a National Basketball Association forward be worried about someone seeing him leap up and down before tipoff ? This was Paul Harvey 's arena , and he would get the voice ready , loosening it , easing it up to the starting line . And then the signal from the booth , and ... "  Hello , Americans ! This is Paul Harvey ! Stand by ... for news ! " And he would look down at those words that had come out of his typewriter minutes before -- some of them underlined to remind him to punch them hard -- and they became something grander than ink on paper , they became the song , the Paul Harvey symphony . He would allow me to sit right with him in the little room -- he never made me watch from behind the glass -- and there were moments , when his phrases , his word choices , were so perfect -- flawlessly written , flawlessly delivered -- that I just wanted to stand up and cheer . But of course I never did any such thing -- in Paul Harvey 's studio , if you felt a tickle in your throat you would begin to panic , because you knew that if you so much as coughed it would go out over the air into cities and towns all across the continent -- so there were never any cheers . The impulse was always there , though -- when he would drop one of those famous Paul Harvey pauses into the middle of a sentence , letting it linger , proving once again the power of pure silence , the tease of anticipation , you just wanted to applaud for his mastery of his life 's work . iReport.com : Share your memories of radio legend Harvey He probably would n't have thought of himself this way , but he was the ultimate singer-songwriter . He wrote the lyrics . And then he went onto his stage and performed them . The cadences that came out of his fingertips at the typewriter were designed to be translated by one voice -- his voice -- and he did it every working day for more than half a century : did it so well that he became a part of the very atmosphere , an element of the American air . He had difficult years toward the end . At one point there was a problem with his vocal cords , and he had to leave his broadcast for an extended period ; when he came back he told me he had felt fear and the deepest kind of despondency , because he thought he might be finished . He was n't ; he was able to work again , and then in the last 12 months he became ill , and his beloved wife , Angel , died ; he turned 90 and he was n't on the air as much . I was in St. Louis last fall to cover the vice presidential debate , and I was taking a morning walk through the suburb of Clayton . I was on Wydown Boulevard , on a sidewalk beneath some old and thick trees , and the cell phone in my pocket rang . It was Mr. Harvey . I did n't know exactly why he was calling that day , and I still am not certain , but my sense was that he just felt a need to talk . This was during the time when his radio appearances had become sporadic ; I knew how lonely he was without Mrs. Harvey . The voice , of course , was much older , and not as strong , but it was his voice , arriving out of the air in yet another American town , and what I said to him then is what I will say to you now : It was wonderful to hear it again . I walked down the street , his voice in my ear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : I was privileged to watch Paul Harvey prepare and deliver the news He says Harvey wrote his own scripts and was a master of spare language Greene : Harvey was a craftsman who words were flawlessly delivered
CNN  -- Bristol Palin says she 's optimistic about her mother 's chances if the former Alaska governor decides to run for president . "  I think she 's so smart and I think she could debate anyone and do very well , " Palin said in an interview with HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " that aired Thursday night . "  I think that people will be talking about my family and her and everyone else , no matter what we 're doing , " she added . When the show 's host , Dr. Drew Pinsky , asked whether she liked the attention , Palin said she had mixed feelings . "  I do n't know how to feel about it . I think there 's awesome opportunities that come with it , but then I also think there 's lots of drawbacks and lots of negatives towards it , " she said . "  But I think whatever she  Sarah Palin  does will be right for our family and right for herself . " Palin 's life changed dramatically when her mother , former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , became John McCain 's vice presidential running mate in 2008 . Shortly afterward , the revelation that Bristol Palin was 17 and pregnant put a national spotlight on her personal life . In her new memoir , "  Not Afraid of Life : My Journey So Far , " Bristol Palin -- now 20 -- writes about lying to her parents so she could go on a camping trip with friends -- a night that ended with the teenager losing her virginity to her boyfriend , Levi Johnston , while getting drunk off wine coolers . Later in the book , Bristol walks readers through her unwanted pregnancy with Johnston , revealing details on their shaky relationship over the years . On Thursday , she told Pinsky that being a teen mom to her son , Trip , was tough . "  My life , my teenage years were cut completely short . I was on the fast track to adulthood just in an instant because of that one decision , " she said . "  And Trip is just the love of my life . He is everything to me . But do I wish that he had a dad that was involved in his life ? Absolutely . And do I wish that I had an education and a real career path ? Absolutely . " Even after the 2008 election , Bristol did n't shy away from the spotlight . She competed on "  Dancing With the Stars " last year , drawing support from fans but also sharp criticism ; one man reportedly shot his television when she made it to another week of the competition . "  I just think that it 's so strange that they could have so much hate over a dance show , " she said . In July 2010 , Bristol announced her engagement to Johnston on the front page of US Weekly magazine . That -- Bristol told Pinsky -- was "  the biggest regret of my life . " "  The day  the magazine  came out , he  Johnston  comes to me and he says , ` Hey this girl 's pregnant and it might be my baby . ' ... So then from that day forward I was like , I 'm just done with that . Trip does n't deserve this  from  his dad and I do n't deserve that  from  a potential husband , " she said . In Thursday 's interview , Bristol also addressed a more recent controversy -- whether she had plastic surgery . She reiterated previous denials of that accusation , saying an oral surgeon operated on her jaw in December to correct a longstanding problem . "  I 'm so sick of people talking about it and I 'm so sick of appearance being an issue , " she said . But despite the increased scrutiny , Bristol says she 's grateful her celebrity has given her a chance to speak about important topics , like teen pregnancy prevention . "  With this book , I really do hope that other young girls will see all the foolish decisions ... and they can learn something from the mistakes that I made , " she said . "  I 'm just so passionate about it , just warning other girls that it 's not an accessory on your hip , " she added . CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Bristol Palin says announcing her engagement in US Weekly is her "  biggest regret " On her mom 's possible candidacy , "  whatever she does will be right for our family " Palin says being a teen mom is tough ; her teenage years "  were cut completely short " She tells HLN 's "  Dr. Drew " she has mixed feelings about the attention her family gets
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- After concerns over a revamped Google privacy policy surfaced last month , some questioned whether the Web giant is still living up to its longstanding motto : "  Do n't be evil . " Absolutely , says Vic Gundotra , the man behind social network Google + . The company has to . "  If we do things that are evil , with one click you can leave Google , " Gundotra said on the opening day of the South by Southwest Interactive festival on Friday . "  If we break the users ' trust , we can lose to competitors very quickly . " Under the policy , which went into effect on March 1 , Google does n't collect any more information about users than it did before . But all of that data , from tools like Gmail , Google search , YouTube and Android mobile devices , is now compiled into a single profile of each user 's habits . Privacy watchdogs , including some members of Congress and dozens of state attorneys general , have expressed concerns the policy is too invasive . Gundotra said Google + is an important part of the "  new Google " that will use those profiles to provide more relevant services  advertisements were the ones that came up again and again  across the company 's many platforms . Before , he said , Google products were developed in "  silos , " unable to share information with each other . "  There are some things Google could have done better , " he said . "  If we could build a common notion of your identity and your relationships , we thought , we could make Google better . " For example , he said , on Google + user could " +1 "  the site 's equivalent of a "  like "  a restaurant . Months later , a friend could be using Google search to find a restaurant in the same area and discover it as a recommendation of sorts . Gundotra , a senior vice-president for engineering at Google , also used his "  fireside chat " with tech writer and Alltop.com co-founder Guy Kawasaki to defend the success of Google + . Last month , Web analytics firm comScore released a report saying that Google + users averaged just 3.3 minutes on the site for the entire month of January . That came just weeks after Google CEO Eric Schmidt announced the site had hit 90 million users -- up from 40 million in October . "  Google + is a social layer across all of Google 's services , " Gundotra said . Gundotra said the site now has 100 million "  30-day actives . " But when pressed by Kawasaki for a definition , he said that 's people who log in to Google + , then use one of Google 's many other products within a month . So , then , not only does Google + plus have dramatically fewer than the more than 800 million users Facebook claims , but that return rate does n't even mean people actually came back to Google + ? Gundotra said it 's not legitimate to only study Google + return visits as a measure of the network 's success . "  That 's counting only one aspect , " he said . "  We think that 's crazy . " Instead of a Facebook-like standalone network , Google + works to make all of the Google universe social , he said That did n't stop him taking a thinly veiled jab at Facebook when asked about allowing developers to create third-party content on Google +  Think FarmVille , Spotify or Pinterest  . Google has been slow to do so . Gundotra said he wants to make sure the months-old service 's programming system is ready before opening it up to outside developers . In contrast , he suggested , Facebook has made several sweeping changes to its interface , sometimes forcing developers to start over from scratch . "  I 'm going to release that  programming interface  when I know we 're not going to screw over developers , " he said . "  We hold ourselves to a higher standard . Sometimes that means restraint . "	The man behind social network Google + defends the company 's privacy policy at SXSW "  If we do things that are evil , with one click you can leave Google , " Vic Gundotra says Gundotra says Google + is an important part of the "  new Google " that shares user info across products
CNN  -- While I was working in Colombia many years ago , a young boy said to me : "  The day we take peace as seriously as a football match , we will achieve it . " His words were simple , yet they carried profound implications : Football can inspire the passion needed to change the world . This encounter also taught me another important lesson : The best ideas come from listening to people and communities . Why football should be used to change lives Today , these two ideas form the basis of streetfootballworld 's work across all five continents . We believe in the power of football to change lives -- and we believe that the power to change communities lies in the communities themselves . The capacity for social change that lies within the streetfootballworld network is immense -- but how can it be maximized ? READ MORE : Building on the BRICS Russia is one country which has huge potential to action change leading up to the 2018 FIFA World Cup , which it will host . It must prepare a strategy which delivers a lasting social legacy for its people . In the 2018 Local Organizing Committee 's recent annual report , CEO Alexei Sorokin emphasized the importance of creating a sustainable long term legacy . While we fully support this sentiment , our experience shows that it requires careful preparation and involvement across all stakeholders . Russian football has made headlines with some spectacular investments -- both domestically and on the international stage . If this level of commitment can be transferred to the social sphere , Russia has the potential to lead the way to a pioneering sporting legacy . In this sense , 2018 is a unique opportunity -- and one which it would be a shame to waste . So how can it be done ? It has become fashionable to talk about the legacy of large sporting events such as World Cups and Olympic Games . Such events carry with them an enormous potential to create real , lasting social change . But this only works if local needs are at the center of any approach . Streetfootballworld bridges the gap between host communities and organizing committees to ensure this is the case . WATCH MORE : Could the BRICS get a bank ? In 2010 , streetfootballworld teamed up with FIFA to make social change an integral part of the World Cup . With the construction of 20 community health , education and sport centers as part of the "  20 Centres for 2010 " campaign , the World Cup environment was able to be used to help assist communities across the African continent . These Football for Hope Centres are hosted by community-based organizations , thus impacting target groups , building upon effective programs and responding to local needs . The 2010 initiatives were successful due to a combination of local expertise and global commitment . We showed how an entire continent could be reached . In 2012 , streetfootballworld implemented RESPECT your Health , the official community health programme for UEFA EURO 2012 in Poland and Ukraine . Working together with local sports institutions , schools and volunteers , we used the passion for the game to spread important messages about healthy lifestyles via a train-the-trainers approach -- thus multiplying the effect and reaching more young people . READ MORE : Can BRICS nations reshape aviation ? Over 800 coaches continued to use the specially designed RESPECT your Health curriculum long after the tournament -- demonstrating that sport  and especially football  is an effective way of guaranteeing a sustainable legacy . Russia must focus on its five year countdown Similar approaches will be needed if the 2018 World Cup is to make an impact on the vast expanse of Russia . Ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil , we 're campaigning to give as many people as possible a voice to express what a positive legacy means to them . We are using the momentum of the World Cup to support innovative ideas for change on a local level . A true social legacy is dependent on local ownership and active participation . Like in Brazil , the passion for football is huge in Russia -- and over the next five years , Russia has the chance to show that football can be more than just a game . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jurgen Griesbeck	Streetfootballworld works to improve communities across the world through football Founder Jurgen Griesbeck says Russia has five years before its World Cup to action change Griesbeck says change requires careful preparation , and involvement by all stakeholders Russia has a significant opportunity and should not waste it , he argues
Cairo  CNN  -- Prosecutors detailed acts of police brutality in their presentations Wednesday at the trial of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on charges he ordered protesters killed during the country 's uprising last year . One video played for the court "  shows a policeman loading a machine gun and firing directly at protesters , proving the use of live ammo , " said Khaled Abu Bakr , a civil rights lawyer involved in the trial . Mubarak 's lawyers have denied the assertion , he said . Another video presented as evidence "  shows a policeman firing a gas canister that hits a protester 's face directly , causing him serious pain . Images of protesters included one of a man on the floor "  with his brain spilled on the ground , " Abu Bakr said . The evidence presented by the prosecution includes audio recordings , videos , medical reports of victims , and excerpts from testimony given by Interior Ministry staff and officers obtained during the trial 's earlier sessions , Abu Bakr said . The prosecution contends that police brutality led to many casualties among the protesters . Mubarak , who also faces corruption charges , has denied wrongdoing . The former president was wheeled into court on a stretcher after noon . He was wearing sunglasses and was covered with a green blanket , as during his previous appearances . Prosecutors are expected to focus Thursday on allegations that the former president and his sons squandered public money . Thursday is to be the final day of their three-day presentation . Abu Bakr said that opening arguments Tuesday lasted an hour , during which prosecutor Mustapha Suleiman described Mubarak as "  a tyrant who aimed to hand the rule to his younger son , Gamal , who promoted corruption in Egypt , allowing his friends and relatives to destroy the country without accountability . " Abu Bakr said he expects a verdict before January 25 , the date last year that the uprising began . It ended Mubarak 's 30-year rule in February . Many Egyptians have criticized the court proceedings and some worry that Mubarak may be acquitted of the murder charges . Five police officers accused of killing protesters were acquitted last week . Mubarak 's health has been in question since his detention began in April , as reports of cancer and heart problems surfaced in the news media . Former Egyptian Interior Minister Habib El Adly , six of his aides and two of Mubarak 's sons are also on trial on a variety of charges . The sons , Gamal and Alaa , also have pleaded not guilty . "  The defendants before you in the cage are the actual instigators and are the ones who gave police officers the order to shoot , " prosecutor Mustapha Suleiman said , according to his spokesman , Adel Saeed . Suleiman also said that the prosecution has evidence that the regime used "  thugs " against the protesters . The defendants are accused of killing 225 protesters and injuring more than 1,300 , Saeed said . Amnesty International had estimated more than 840 protesters were killed and 6,000 injured . Saeed said his estimate was lower "  because there has been a differentiation between those killed outside police stations while attacking the precinct and those shot while protesting . "	Prosecutors show scenes of police brutality against protesters during the uprising Mubarak is charged with ordering the killing of protesters The ex-president , who entered court on a stretcher , also faces corruption charges
CNN  -- Two South African rugby players were sent home from their national team 's tour of Europe on Monday after testing positive for a banned drug . Mahlatse "  Chiliboy " Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson were provisionally suspended from all rugby after the South African Rugby Union was informed of the results late on Sunday . Winger Basson and forward Ralepelle were found to have used the stimulant methylhexaneamine after being randomly tested following the Springboks ' 23-21 win over Ireland on November 6 . "  The players have the right to request that their ` B ' sample be tested , " the SARU said on its website . "  The pair returned an adverse analytical finding for methylhexaneamine , a "  non-specified stimulant " on the prohibited substances list of the World Anti-Doping Agency . It is scheduled to be re-classified as a "  specified stimulant " from January 1 , 2011 . " Basson missed Saturday 's 34-12 win over Wales with an ankle injury suffered in Dublin and was due to leave the tour anyway . Ralepelle , who became the first black player to captain South Africa in a warm-up match earlier in the tour , came on the field as a substitute in Cardiff after not being used against Ireland . They became the latest in a growing list of athletes to test positive for the stimulant methylhexaneamine , which is used in nasal decongestants but has also been an ingredient in now-illegal recreational drugs . Last year , five Jamaican runners were ruled out of the World Athletics Championships and the World Anti-Doping Agency subsequently added the drug to its 2010 prohibited list . Two Nigerian sprinters tested positive for it at October 's Commonwealth Games in India , with Damola Osayemi losing her gold medal in the women 's 100 meters . Portuguese cyclists Rui Costa and his brother Mario also tested positive that month , while Australia 's Daily Telegraph reported that nine sportspeople from that country had done likewise . South Africa coach Peter de Villiers said his staff were trying to find out what lay behind the positive tests . "  We have to look at what might have caused this and we do n't want to put the players at risk . If there is something that we are taking as a squad that might have caused this then we must find that out now , " he told the website of South African television channel SuperSport . "  When I informed the two players that they had been tested positive they were both extremely shocked and disappointed . The rest of the team were also gutted when they heard . I was informed of this at 2 a.m. this morning , and now we must follow the correct processes as laid down by the International Rugby Board . " SuperSport reported that Springboks team doctor Craig Roberts said both Ralepelle and Basson had been taking medication for illnesses . It also said that young South African rugby player Johan Goosen was recently banned for three months after his urine test showed up methylhexaneamine , while	Rugby players become the latest in a growing list of athletes to test positive for drug Methylhexaneamine is used in nasal decongestants but is a banned stimulant Mahlatse "  Chiliboy " Ralepelle and Bjorn Basson sent home from tour of Europe South Africa coach Peter De Villiers hoping to find the cause of the positive tests
Former President George H.W. Bush , who was taken to a Houston hospital Tuesday night as a precautionary measure after experiencing shortness of breath , remained there on Wednesday , but aides say he had a good day . "  The Bush family certainly appreciates all your prayers , love and concern . This is not two years ago . It 's a hiccup . He should come home in a few days , " Jean Becker , Bush 's chief of staff , told CNN . Bush , 90 , served as the nation 's 41st President and is the father of 43rd President George W. Bush . Bush , a Republican , was previously hospitalized in November 2012 with bronchitis but recovered after two months . Before becoming President , Bush "  senior " served as vice president under Ronald Reagan . He is also a former Navy pilot and flew 58 combat missions in World War II in the Pacific . Bush was shot down once but was rescued by U.S. sailors , according to his White House biography . He received the Distinguished Flying Cross . Bush became known for his declaration that the United States should become "  a kinder and gentler nation . " Before going into politics , Bush worked in the Texas oil industry . President Barack Obama was told about Bush 's hospitalization , White House spokesman Eric Schultz said . "  President Obama and the first lady send their good wishes to the former President and the entire Bush family during this holiday season , " he said . 41 things about Bush 41	President Obama sends his well wishes for recovery George H.W. Bush is the father of 43rd President George W. Bush He is a Republican and also served as vice president under Ronald Reagan Bush "  senior " is also known for his bravery as a Navy pilot in World War II
CNN  -- Americans are in a war that pits the politically correct against Christmas carolers , some say . They say it 's a battle that plays out in the halls of Congress , retail stores and public schools across the country , and it 's one that 's been raging for years . Republican Rep. Henry Brown of South Carolina introduced a resolution this month asking that the House express support for the use of Christmas symbols and traditions and frown on any attempt to ban references to the holiday . "  Each year , I could see a diminishing value of the spiritual part of Christmas , " Brown said . "  It would seem like another group would go from the Christmas spirit to the holiday spirit . " "  What I 'm afraid of -- if we do n't bring some kind of closure to this continuous change , then in 20 years it will almost be completely different from what we see today ... and so we would lose the whole emphasis of what the very early beginnings of Christmas was all about . " So far , the resolution has one Democrat and 72 Republicans as co-sponsors . The House has n't taken it up , but the chamber adopted similar resolutions in the past . Barry Lynn , an ordained minister and executive director of Americans United for Separation of Church and State , is n't keen on the prospect of congressional action . "  Resolutions like this come up because there is this bizarre view by some members of Congress that there is a war on Christmas and that they have to be the generals in some responding army , " he said . "  My advice to the lawmakers would be promote any religion you have through your private acts , and do n't try to ` help ' the baby Jesus by passing a resolution on his behalf . It is arrogant and ridiculous at the same time , " Lynn said . Christmas is in no danger of being ignored , Lynn said , noting that signs of the holiday emerge as soon as Halloween passes . "  You would literally have to be living in a very deep cave not to understand that there is a religious holiday called Christmas that is soon to come , " he said . In his view , some people feel a "  false sense of some kind of attack on Christmas " if a school holds a winter concert instead of a Christmas concert , or if retailers declare "  Happy Holidays " instead of "  Merry Christmas . " Time.com : Brief history of the war on Christmas In California , Tea Party activist Merry Hyatt is trying to get support for a ballot initiative that would require that public schools give their students an opportunity to hear Christmas songs .  Parents could opt out for their children  . Lynn said the move violates the principles of church-state separation . "  It 's not being anti-Christmas to recognize that most Christmas carols are really hymns , and a hymn is a prayer set to music . " Mathew Staver , law school dean at Liberty University , a Virginia college founded by the late Rev. Jerry Falwell , said , however , that some schools and businesses are going too far to "  censor " Christmas because they do n't know the laws . Staver founded the Liberty Counsel , a nonprofit litigation group dedicated to advancing religious freedom and conservative values . The counsel provides free legal advice and defense for government entities to ensure religious viewpoints on Christmas are not censored . One example Staver cited began in Oregon , where an elementary school principal replaced Christmas trees with snowmen and banned all religious symbols , saying Santa Claus fell into the category . Liberty Counsel sent the principal a letter telling her the law does n't require her to "  secularize " the holiday . The counsel also pointed out that by banning religious symbols for a holiday with secular components , she risked violating the Constitution by not being "  viewpoint neutral , " Staver said . Parents were upset as well . The principal eventually changed course and restored the tree and jolly St. Nick . Staver keeps a "  Naughty & Nice " list that shows which retailers include references to Christmas in their advertising and which do not . When he started the list five years ago , both sides were about even , but this year the "  nice " list is longer . "  It 's better this year than it was in 2005 , but I think it 's better this year because we and others have made a point to make sure that Christmas is not forgotten , " he said . Peter Sprigg , a senior fellow for policy studies with the Family Research Council , which promotes Christian values , said the "  pro-Christmas side " has made progress in recent years . In some circles , he said , "  Political correctness is preventing people from even sayings ` Merry Christmas . ' " He said it 's important to defend the right of people to celebrate the holiday and noted that December 25 is a federal holiday the government recognizes as Christmas . "  If we want to be concerned about the fact that we are a multicultural nation , then the solution is to allow everyone the freedom to celebrate what they want rather than stifling the celebration of the majority because it might be offensive to the minority , " Sprigg said . In Washington , Republicans have taken up the war on Christmas as their own battle . "  Republicans and conservatives have definitely gained a lot of political points by pointing out some of the silliest and more extreme examples of political correctness , " said Tom Smith , director of the General Social Survey at the National Opinion Research Center . But Republicans also should worry about pushing it too far , he added , because the American people believe in "  good liberal thoughts " like "  diversity and different people all being treated the same . " It 's OK to attack political correctness , he said , but the GOP must be careful not to come off as "  anti-minority or against diversity . " The attack can backfire as well if voters think their representative is more committed to protecting Christmas than protecting jobs or economic stability , Smith said . For Staver , the campaign to save Christmas continues , and it 's one he will never abandon . "  What happens this year is not necessarily an indication of what will happen next year , so I think each Christmas has to stand on its own and I think each one is worth fighting for , " he said . "  I think we are winning a lot of the battles in the war on Christmas , but I do n't think the war is done , and I do n't think it ever will be . "	There 's a resolution in the House to frown on attempts to ban references to Christmas Others say signs of the holiday are everywhere in public space ; "  war " over Christmas is not real Some go too far to "  censor " Christmas because they do n't know the laws , Mathew Staver says Attacking political correctness is a balancing act , survey research expert says
CNN  -- Wajeha al-Huwaider picked up her passport , got in a taxi , and headed from her home in eastern Saudi Arabia to the nearby island kingdom of Bahrain -- a 45-minute drive that many Saudis take to get away for the weekend . Wajeha al-Huwaider says women face too many controls in Saudi Arabia . Despite having a valid passport , Saudi authorities at the border sent al-Huwaider home . That 's because in Saudi Arabia , a woman needs permission from her male guardian before she can leave the country . Al-Huwaider -- a vocal women 's rights activist in Saudi Arabia -- knew before she left that she would be turned away at the border . Her attempted trip was simply to make a point about the Saudi guardianship system that she says "  controls all aspects of women 's lives . " "  Either you treat us like mature citizens or let us leave the country  permanently  , " she told CNN . She 's urging all Saudi women who are tired of "  being oppressed " to go "  to any border and try to cross it without permission from their male relative . " She wants to end Saudi Arabia 's strict guardianship laws in which women must get permission from their husband , father , or closest male relative before doing the most mundane of tasks -- including working outside the home , going to school , maintaining a bank account , or leaving the country for a weekend getaway . Saudi Arabia is conflicted when it comes to women 's rights . Women are not allowed to vote or drive , but earlier this year Saudi King Abdullah appointed Nora al-Fayez as the kingdom 's first female deputy minister of education as part of a massive Cabinet reshuffling . Many consider Abdullah to be a reformer and the move was hailed within Saudi Arabia as a great step forward for women 's rights . But al-Huwaider sees it differently , claiming even a woman as powerful as al-Fayez "  is n't really in control of her life . " "  If she wants to travel is not up to her , it 's up to her male guardian , " she said . Human Rights Watch has criticized the Saudi government for not living up to commitments it made to the United Nations Human Rights Council . HRW issued a report last year detailing the negative impact of the guardianship system on Saudi women . It said Saudi officials have asserted that such guardianship requirements do not exist . "  The Saudi government is saying one thing to the Human Rights Council in Geneva but doing another thing inside the kingdom , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , HRW 's Middle East director . "  It needs to stop requiring adult women to seek permission from men , not just pretend to stop it . " Efforts to reach the Saudi government for comment were unsuccessful . HRW issued a report last year detailing the negative impact of the guardianship system on Saudi women . It said Saudi officials have asserted that such guardianship requirements do not exist . Last month , al-Huwaider tried three times to cross from Saudi Arabia into Bahrain on her own and without permission from a male guardian . She was turned back each time but she said she 'll continue going to Saudi 's land borders and its airports in an attempt to gain "  her rights . " She has even protested on the side of a major road , the King Fahd Causeway that connects Saudi Arabia to Bahrain . Al-Huwaider insists this campaign is different from previous ones she 's been involved in . "  It 's not about just sending messages and petitions anymore , " she said . "  We 're not going to send any letters to anyone . Saudi women have to find someone who will take them to an airport or a border and say that they do n't approve of the system and that they want to leave . " She said that her mission is more than just an act of civil disobedience . "  Most of the people think I 'm doing it just to allow women to travel without permission , " says Al-Huwaider . "  But I keep telling women that it 's the whole system that needs to be changed . "	Wajeha al-Huwaider says Saudi guardianship system is too restrictive for women Activist says Arab nation must respect women more or lose them for good Women are not allowed to vote or drive in Saudi Arabia Al-Huwaider urges women to attempt to cross border to highlight restrictions
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The winner of the French Open title on Sunday will get a first prize less in U.S. dollars than that of Rafael Nadal 's in 2008 . Should Roger Federer win the French Open his prize will be less in U.S. dollars than what Rafael Nadal won in 2008 Although organizers increased the winner 's prize at Roland Garros by $ 60,000 this year , recession-driven fluctuations in the Euro - U.S. dollar exchange rate means the men 's and women 's winner 's prizes in U.S. currency  $ 1.48 million  have actually shrunk by almost $ 100,000 compared to last year . Right across the four Grand Slam events -- the Australian Open , U.S. Open , Wimbledon and French Open -- comparative prize pools have been affected by volatile exchange rates , largely caused by the recession . The value of this year 's Wimbledon tournament has also crashed in U.S. currency , while the Australian Open -- last year 's poorest Grand Slam -- could soon be the richest across the U.S. , British and European currencies . The Australian Open offered the smallest winners ' prize check of the four majors in 2008 , however , at today 's exchange rates , the 2009 prize is currently the richest in the game  although the amount of the 2009 U.S. Open winner 's check is yet to be announced  . Organizers of the 2009 tournament increased the prize to $ 2 million Australian dollars -- which is today about U.S. $ 1.55 m . The value of the tournament in pounds has soared from # 614,500 to # 981,200 , and in Euros the winner would today receive 1.11 million -- up from 822,600 at the 2008 tournament . It is not all bad for the value of the weekend 's French Open tournament , either , depending on where you take your money . The pound has taken a hammering in the last year , and as a result the French Open winner 's prize is now worth # 135,000 more in Britain than it was in 2008 . Should Switzerland 's Roger Federer manage to win the tournament , he may be wise to take the money to Britain and hope the exchange rate improves . Of course , he would still be 60,000 euros better off in Europe , too . Director of the Center for the International Business of Sport  CIBS  at Coventry University , Professor Simon Chadwick , told CNN the impact of exchange rates on sports prizes and wages had been largely underestimated . "  I think there are many subtle influences of the downturn and the exchange rate is one of those . " Chadwick said volatile exchange rates are unlikely to cause players to turn away from tournaments like Wimbledon as it has a huge prize pool and great history , but , for smaller tournaments it is "  a real issue . " "  With prize money you are trying to attract the best players , and if the prize money pots are reduced ... it really does undermine the appeal of those competitions , " he said .	Relative value of French Open prize is affected by volatile exchange rates Exchange rates have had an impact on the value of all the Grand Slams Sport business expert says exchange rates "  a real issue " for organizers
Rolling Stone  -- At one point in "  Celebration Day , " the new film of Led Zeppelin 's 2007 reunion concert in London , the camera stays long and tight on Jimmy Page 's hands as they execute the introduction to "  Stairway to Heaven " on the six-string neck of his double-neck Gibson guitar . It is one of rock 's most iconic riffs , played in full and close-up by the composer , at one of his band 's greatest and most important shows . "  With Led Zeppelin , it has always been that mystique of how the music is done -- how it works , why it works , " Page says on the phone from London a couple of weeks before Celebration Day 's worldwide theatrical premiere on October 17th . "  The closer you can get in on that and the more lingering it is , the better . " "  Celebration Day , " which will be commercially released in various audio and visual formats on November 19 , is nothing more or less than Zeppelin 's entire two-hour performance on December 10 , 2007 , at London 's O2 Arena . The concert , a benefit and tribute to the late Atlantic Records chief Ahmet Ertegun , was the first full Zeppelin show by Page , singer Robert Plant and bassist John Paul Jones since the death of drummer John Bonham in 1980 . Bonham 's son , Jason , took his father 's place for the night , which is shown without backstage footage and includes minimal shots of the ecstatic audience . Instead , director Dick Carruthers -- who shot the concert with more than a dozen cameras -- provides extended close-ups of the band members in action : Plant in bluestrance moan during "  Since I 've Been Loving You " ; Jones threading the folk-rock gallop of "  Ramble On " with low-end countermelodies ; everyone turning to Jason in admiration during his volcanic solo at the end of "  Rock and Roll . " "  Celebration Day " is "  almost like being onstage with us , " Jones says . "  We always had that interaction , " he adds , referring to Zeppelin 's legendary concert prowess in the Seventies . "  But nobody could see it , because the lighting was n't there . " Before the O2 show , Jones notes , "  I remember Dick saying in one of the early meetings , ` I 'm going to need 14 cameras . ' Everybody went , ` What ? ' It paid off . " Page recalls walking off stage after the reunion concert feeling "  really high . That 's the truth . It was a serious test , and we passed it , all of us . And we had an extraordinary communion on the stage . That 's alive and well when you see it . " But it was quite a while -- Page ca n't remember how long -- before he saw a rough cut of Carruthers ' footage  "  We did n't rush into the editing suite to have it out for Christmas "  . In fact , Plant and Jones viewed that cut first . "  We came away raving , " Jones says . "  It was very fitting to the experience . We called Jimmy and said , ` You 've got ta see this . ' " The 100 Greatest Artists of All Time : Led Zeppelin "  The thing about Led Zeppelin was that it was always four musicians at the top of their game , but they could play like a band , " Page says . "  Even in the first couple of rehearsal days , running up to the O2 , we were playing pretty good . But we really wanted to shine as a band . " He cites the set list 's opening sequence -- from the surprise opener , "  Good Times Bad Times , " from 1969 's Led Zeppelin , into "  Ramble On " and the tortuous crunch of "  Black Dog . " "  I wanted people to feel , ` They 're taking this seriously . ' "  And I have to tell you , the rehearsals were all quite different , " Page says , "  so much in that Zeppelin spirit and character . " To prove it , a deluxe edition of the DVD will include footage from the band 's only full-scale production rehearsal before the O2 concert . "  You get the urgency of that night , but also the determination that was in rehearsal . " Inevitably , Celebration Day has set off more reunion talk . At a London press conference announcing the film , Plant raved about the O2 performance : "  To get back in the middle of that music was a spectacular experience . " But he and Page evaded questions about additional shows . When asked if the movie marks the end of Zeppelin , once and for all , Jones -- who is busy writing an opera and collaborating with Robyn Hitchcock and the Norwegian group Supersilent -- responds , "  When I move house , I never look back at the house and go , ` Oh , that 's the last moment I 'll see there . ' I always move forward . " "  That 's a good answer , " Page says , laughing . But he is more direct . "  I think if there had been any more concerts to be done , we 'd already be talking about them . So I do n't see it . " Celebration Day , he adds , "  is a testament to what we did in 2007 . There it is . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Celebration Day " will be commercially released on November 19 It 's nothing more or less than Zeppelin 's two-hour performance on December 10 , 2007 "  Celebration Day " is "  almost like being onstage with us , " Jones says
Paris , France  CNN  -- The future of social networking , the real-time Web and a host of apps and gadgets were the talk of the annual Le Web conference as it opened here Wednesday . The phenomenal success of microblogging site Twitter and its plans for the future dominated the two-day event 's opening sessions for bloggers and industry leaders , held in a converted morgue in the city 's northeastern suburbs . Top executives from Twitter faced off with rivals from Facebook and MySpace as all three social media sites unveiled technical innovations designed to capture more users . On the heels of Twitter founder Jack Dorsey 's unveiling of Square , a device that accepts credit card payments on cell phones , Twitter platform director Ryan Sarver said the site now has 50,000 dedicated applications making use of its constant stream of blog updates . Sarver also announced the company 's "  firehose " feature , which throws open its data stream to any developers who want to use it . This is a first for Twitter , which has yet to disclose any major revenue streams even as others use it to harvest profits . Facebook developer Ethan Beard touted his own site 's 500,000 applications and its power to drastically boost hits to news sites such as The Huffington Post through the 60 million users it now claims for its Facebook Connect feature . Meanwhile , MySpace Chief Operating Officer Mike Jones announced that his site is incorporating real-time status updates to its platform -- like Twitter and Facebook -- amid MySpace 's struggles to find an identity . Jones also announced unrestricted developer access to MySpace 's content and a $ 50,000 innovation prize to attract developers , but refused to comment on rumors of a potential partnership with rival Facebook . The social networking execs declined to discuss their sites ' revenues or widely rumored stock market flotations . Chad Hurley , co-founder of Google-owned YouTube , also refused to disclose company revenues but said some popular users have earned more than $ 1 million since advertising was introduced to the video-sharing site . "  We did n't implement -LSB- advertising -RSB- initially on YouTube because we did n't want to skew the motivation of why someone would publish video . We wanted to be a video community , " he told the conference . "  We saw over time the opportunity to introduce that secure revenue without distorting what we 've become , and we 've been quite successful , " he said . But Hurley said he had no secret formula for anyone wanting to create a viral sensation on YouTube . "  You could punch me in the face right now , that would get a lot of views , " he joked . "  Something shocking will get a lot of views , but there 's no magic recipe . That 's not really what the site is about -- to define the secret ingredient to get the hits . It 's about celebrating the fact that everyone has a chance to participate . " On the sidelines of Le Web , the chatter was focused on the Facebook vs. Twitter battle and the opening of data streams to app developers . Attendees also wondered aloud about the fickle and unpredictable nature of Internet success . "  It is interesting that everybody now is announcing awards and conferences , but what 's next ? " said delegate Katrin Weber of Deutsche Telekom . "  In the end , who is going to win ? People are also asking what the formula for success is -- why do some applications or platforms succeed , and why do some fail ? " Social media marketing agent Vero Pepperrell said , "  I 'm pleased that Twitter is starting to acknowledge how much of an ecosystem it has with its developers , so on that level , they are doing the right thing . " Blogger Gabriel Jorby believes that Square , Dorsey 's credit card gadget , represents a new trend that 's likely to shape the future for people trying to profit from the Internet . "  Today , if you want to run a service , you need something to bring the physical world . You can not depend only on an online application , you need to do something tangible , " he said . "  It is the future , it is not only -LSB- about -RSB- the screen experience , it is about something more physical . People need to be producing more than just apps . " More than 2,000 participants from 46 countries were expected in Paris for the Le Web conference , one of Europe 's largest annual tech events .	The future of social networking was the talk of the Le Web conference as it opened in Paris Twitter , Facebook and MySpace all unveiled innovations designed to capture more users Twitter 's Ryan Sarver : Site now has 50,000 dedicated applications YouTube 's Chad Hurley : There 's no secret formula for creating a viral video sensation
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Mary J. Blige has sung her way to nine Grammy Awards and sold 40 million albums worldwide . "  I know I 'm definitely gon na pursue this as a profession , acting , " Mary J. Blige said . With music credentials like that , the "  Queen of Hip-Hop Soul " needed a new challenge . So Blige decided to stretch her range to the big screen . The singer stars in the new Tyler Perry film "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " alongside Oscar nominee Taraji P. Henson , Perry and Gladys Knight . Being in the film allows Blige to test her acting chops and sing as well . Her character , Tanya , is a club owner who takes the mic at least twice in the film . And whether she 's in character or not , Blige 's ability to communicate a song can take your breath away . CNN spoke with Blige about Tyler Perry , her acting angst and music . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : What does the title of the film "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " mean ? Mary J. Blige : Well , the title "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " is basically saying "  I do n't need anyone to help me do worse or feel worse than what I already feel . " So if you 're coming with negative energy , please keep it moving , you know ? If you 're coming with negative deposits , you 've got ta go . That 's basically what it 's saying . CNN : Were you nervous about acting in this film ? Blige : I was definitely nervous , because acting is not my first profession , so I had to go and get an acting coach and really figure this thing out . It helped a lot . It relaxed me to have a little more information about it . And I find that actors are highly underrated ; they do n't get all the credit they deserve , because this is a hard job . That 's a hard job . CNN : Were you bitten by the acting bug ? Blige : Well , I 'm gon na be open to scripts , and I 'm ready to receive more scripts from anywhere . I know I 'm definitely gon na pursue this as a profession , acting . I was definitely bitten by the acting bug . CNN : Did you feel any pressure to write songs for this film , as opposed to writing for one of your albums ? Blige : There 's not any pressure in writing songs . Writing a song for the movie versus writing songs for my album because ... you get it all from inspiration from somewhere , you know ? I got all the lyrics from the actual movie , and I got all the lyrics for my songs from my life so , and other people 's lives . CNN : Do you want to hear poetry in your lyrics ? Blige : I would love to hear poetry in my lyrics . CNN : Tell me about Tyler Perry . Blige : Wow , working with Tyler Perry was -- it 's always a treat . He 's the most kind , generous , you know , supportive professional man . He 's a really good person to have in such a tough business . It 's like a pillow for your head . ... You just get to lay on it after laying on rocks for so long . CNN : What is the link between spirituality and music in the film and in life ? Blige : Well , I think the link with the spirituality and the music is that we all have a place where we need to go to heal , and most of the time people go to music to heal . Whether it be gospel or secular , but it all comes from some song that pulled you through your life or helped you through college or something like that . CNN : Do you think this film is about redemption ? Do you think people can really change ? Blige : I definitely feel this film is a lot about redemption . You saving yourself first of all , and believing you can be saved and wanting the help . I think it takes time for people to heal from whatever wounds they 're healing from . But in order to get free , what I learned is that you have to release it , because you 'll stay stuck for the rest of your life . What if this person is enjoying their lives and you hate them ? So it 's just best to release . Easier said than done , please believe it . CNN : What do you think about the music industry these days ? Blige : Well , I mean , the music industry has moved with the times . You know , I mean we are in the age where technology has taken over and music is technology now , so it 's not hands-on . It 's a little sad that there is n't any more record stores .	Singer Mary J. Blige stars in new Tyler Perry film "  I Can Do Bad All By Myself " Film allows Blige to test acting chops and sing as well as owner of club "  I was definitely nervous , because acting is not my first profession , " Blige says Blige : Movie is about redemption , saving yourself and healing from wounds
CNN  -- The U.S. economy exceeded forecasters ' expectations in February , adding 175,000 new positions . This is a welcome jump from the paltry 75,000 jobs gained in December and 113,000 in January -- which had constituted the weakest back-to-back monthly figures in three years -- but the unemployment rate edged up to 6.7 % . And we are still far off pace for the recovery federal officials would like to see as they scale back a massive bond-buying program . The fact is there is a fundamental shift underway that we must address to get the economy humming again : the steady substitution of human labor with computers . More companies are mechanizing positions traditionally reserved for flesh-and-blood workers . Low-cost software is replacing blue - and white-collar jobs alike . A recent study by Oxford University researchers projected that up to 45 % of U.S. jobs could be replaced by computers within the next two decades . America needs to adapt to this shift , or these lackluster job gains are going to become the new normal . And there is no better place to start than our schools . The fact is American teens are falling behind in key subjects that will prepare them for the new age of computing . In the most recent global education assessment , America 's 15-year-olds scored below the international average in math and about average in science and reading . Furthermore , many of the specific skills our kids are learning in school today wo n't prepare them at all for the professional world they 'll enter . Our schools need to change . And there is a clear strategy for how to do it . But first , the essence of the challenge . The first wave of professional technologies replaced physical laborers -- car production lines , for instance , evolved from a series of Bobs and Joes with specific technical proficiencies to just a handful of hyper-efficient assembly bots . Today , processors and software have grown so sophisticated that they can replicate core cognitive functions once thought to be the exclusive domain of humans . You can now hire computers to do your taxes and trade stocks . And these replacement technologies usually operate at much lower cost and higher reliability than their brain-ware competitors . MIT scholars Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee have been particularly perceptive in formulating strategies for how Americans can adapt to this seismic shift in the labor market . They note it 's futile to try to outcompete ; the flip side of the John Henry legend is that humans will eventually lose any direct competition with machines . Instead , they point to a teamwork model exemplified in competitive chess . About a decade ago , programs like Deep Blue started beating the top grandmasters on a regular basis . In response , there emerged what 's called "  freestyle " chess , which pairs a human and computer together -- the machine crunches the numbers and the person consults on broader strategy . It turns out that freestyle teams -- even when they include a mediocre human player -- can beat the top computers and grandmasters . This pairing synthesizes what each partner does best for a more complete chess strategy . The key lesson here is that American workers need to be trained to complement the raw processing and networking power of computers with uniquely human facilities , like evaluating subtle social cues and crafting macro strategies . Workers should use their wetware to amplify the software . This insight has clear implications for how to reform our schools so they can better prepare students for the new age of computing . First , classroom learning needs to shift focus from the accumulation of particular facts and figures -- How many countries are in Europe ? When did Columbus arrive in America ? -- to a broader emphasis on flexible analytical thinking and strategizing . After all , most Americans already have instant access to the sum total of human knowledge in the phone in their pocket . What will distinguish the workers of the future is an ability to harness , filter and synthesize all that data . Second , computers need to play a more central role in all learning . Young people need to feel comfortable using machines to meet a wide variety of educational ends . Third , schools need to teach entrepreneurship . Seeing business opportunities and then executing on them is a skill . It can be learned like geology and history . Young people need to be encouraged to take a critical eye to the world around them , find the inefficiencies and then problem-solve their way to potential solutions . Do n't get me wrong : personality will be a key differentiator between machines and people for the foreseeable future . There will always be a role for the best-in-class customer service-orientated people with great personalities who can instantly establish an emotional connection to their customers . But the new age of computing is deeply disrupting the American labor market . By training the next generation of American workers how to complement -- not compete with -- these fabulous new technologies , our schools can ensure this country will flourish for decades to come . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Adam Lewis .	Adam Lewis : Jobs up last month ; but this conceals reality about changing job picture He says U.S. must adapt to major ongoing shift of replacing human jobs with computers He says U.S. 's lagging schools must focus on flexible thinking , computers , entrepreneurship Lewis : Next generation should learn how to complement , not compete with , new technologies
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- Authorities in Nigeria have recovered 15 schoolchildren who were snatched by kidnappers earlier this week , a police spokesman said Friday . The children were rescued by police late Thursday in southeastern Nigeria 's Abia state , according to Yeni Ajayi , a deputy National Police spokesman . He added that the four gunmen holding them escaped . The gunmen boarded a school bus carrying the nursery and elementary school children from Abayi International School on Monday and took them away . There were questions as to whether the children were foreigners because they attended the international school . The kidnappers contacted the children 's school , located near the city of Aba and demanded 20 million naira -- around $ 130,000 . Just after the incident , authorities said the bus driver and the school teacher who were on board were in police custody and helping security forces . Abia state is often referred to as the "  kidnapping capital " of Nigeria since abductions occur there on a weekly basis . Schools , banks and businesses have closed in the area because of the rampant insecurity and dangers posed by kidnappers . Nigeria 's President Goodluck Jonathan has condemned what he calls "  utterly callous and cruel kidnapping " and ordered the Inspector-General of Police and heads of other security agencies "  to take all necessary steps to rescue the abducted children and return them safely to their parents . " But many such promises have been made in the past and insecurity in Abia has only worsened .	The kidnappings took place in southeastern Nigeria The abduction occurred in Nigeria 's "  kidnapping capital " The children are students at an international school
CNN  -- Internet giant Google has been stopped from gathering images in Greek cities for its Street View service until it provides further guarantees about privacy . One of Google 's Street View camera cars capturing images in central London . Launched in the U.S. two years ago , Street View provides users with access to 3-D "  pedestrian 's - eye " views of urban areas by zooming into the lowest level on its Google Maps and Google Earth applications . It has since been rolled out in more than 100 cities in Japan , Australia , New Zealand , France , Spain , Italy , Britain and the Netherlands . The images are obtained from cars specially-fitted with cameras that drive around towns and cities taking panoramic 360 degree shots of everything from pedestrians in the street , to customers sitting in street cafes . Despite pledging to recognize local privacy laws , Google has come under fire from privacy campaigners who fear the application could be abused by criminals or even snooping government agencies . Do you agree ? Share your thoughts below In April , a group of villagers in a picturesque English village chased away one of the search engine 's camera cars as it attempted to photograph their homes . Fearing the appearance of their well appointed properties on the Web site would attract criminals scouting for burglary targets , villagers in Broughton , north of London , summoned the police after blocking the car . A month earlier , the BBC reported that Google was forced to pull a number of images from Street View after receiving complaints about pictures that included a man entering a London sex shop , and a drunken reveler being sick at a bus stop . The search giant has now run into trouble in Greece after being blocked by the country 's privacy watchdog from expanding its service there . The Hellenic Data Protection Authority wants further clarification from Google about how long it will store images for and the measures in place to make people aware of privacy rights . In a statement , a Google spokesperson told CNN : "  Street View has not been banned in Greece . We have received a request for further information from the Greek DPA and we are happy to continue discussing these issues with them and provide information they request . "  Google takes privacy very seriously , and that 's why we have put in place a number of features , including the blurring of faces and license plates , to ensure that Street View will respect local norms when it launches in Greece . "  We believe that launching Street View in Greece will offer enormous benefits to both Greek users and the people elsewhere who are interested in taking a virtual tour of some of its many tourist attractions . "	Greek watchdog wants more information from Google about privacy measures Privacy campaigners say Street View could be abused Residents of one UK village say it will help burglars scout targets Google says it is n't breaking any laws and takes privacy very seriously
CNN  -- The finest buildings in the world have been named at the World Architecture Festival in Singapore . At a glittering ceremony , Building of the Year was awarded to The Chapel in Vietnam , designed by a21studio . Future Project of the Year was won by 5468796 Architecture + Number TEN Architectural Group , for Art Gallery of Greater Victoria , Canada . The three-day Festival , now in its seventh year , saw hundreds of firms from more than 50 countries competing in 27 different categories , from Small Projects to Culture and Experimental . A total of 2,000 architects , designers , clients and press converged on the spectacular Marina Bay Sands Hotel , where in addition to awards ceremonies there were numerous lectures and conferences . 10 great architecture towns and neighborhoods Asian architects on the rise Victory for a21studio in the Building of the Year award was symbolic of an upsurge in competition entries from Asia , which had a significant impact on this year 's awards . Submissions from China , Malaysia and Vietnam increased by up to 140 % . They competed alongside more well-established firms like Aedas , Zaha Hadid Architects and Foster & Partners . Asian firms quickly made their mark in the first two days , with Vietnam firmly in the lead ; Vo Trong Nghia Architects , another Vietnamese firm , won three awards , including those for Future Projects Education and Hotel and Leisure . How China claimed the world 's greatest architectural hits Other winners Landscape of the Year went to the National Arboretum Canberra , Australia , designed by Taylor Cullity Lethlean and Tonkin Zulaikha Greer , and Small Project of the Year was awarded to The Pinch community library in China , designed by John Lin and Olivier Ottevaere . Two new awards were added to this year 's program . The Exterior Color Prize , which recognized the creative use of color , was awarded to Cook Robotham Architectural Burea for the Departments of Law and Central Administration , Vienna University of Economics and Business , Austria . The Wood Excellence Prize for the most exceptional timber project went to DSDHA for the Alex Monroe Studio in Snowfields , UK . Highlights of day one included the Culture category , which was won by Gustavo Penna Arquiteto & Associates for the Freedom of the Press Monument in Paranoá , Brazil , which resembles a huge , translucent triangle , lit from within and embedded in the earth . Biodesign : Why the future of our cities is soft and hairy SGi Architects won the Religion category for La Ascension del Senor church in Seville , Spain , an angular , stone-and-steel structure containing three large "  voids " . On day two , the New And Old category was won by Rethinking the Split House , designed by the Chinese architecture studio Neri & Hu Design and Research Office . Judges were impressed by the bold vision , which involved replacing the rear wall of a three-storey 1930s townhouse in with plate glass . Rogers Stirk Harbour & Partners and Arup Associates won the Future Projects Experimental category with Skyfarm , an eye-catching concept design proposal for a vertical farm that enables the cultivation of crops in high-density areas . A full list of the winners can be found at the World Architecture Festival website . Africa 's most exciting architects Is architecture dead ?	World Building of the Year 2014 went to The Chapel , Vietnam , designed by a21studio More Asian firms competed than ever before , with several winning prizes The biggest event in the architecture calendar has taken place in Singapore Grand prize winners were announced in a glittering awards ceremony
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE.COM  -- The first time I went to Libya , in 2010 , I was arrested just two days into my trip . Filming a documentary for VICE , I was detained for shooting where the authorities thought I should n't , beginning endless rounds of questions , emphatic yelling and head-shaking incredulity at my claims of innocence -- and , of course , the requisite implications that I was a spy . When I was finally released , I swore I would never return to the Great Socialist People 's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya . But that promise was quickly broken , and I found myself back in the country almost exactly a year later , in the midst of a chaotic and violent revolution . My second trip to Libya consisted of traveling from the Egyptian border to Benghazi and then onto the front lines in Misurata , embedding with a few different rebel groups along the way . I was shocked by how young many of them were . Barely past puberty and fighting with whatever they could find  one guy had a spear gun  , they displayed so much heroism and courage that I would tear up while talking to them . One rebel I spoke with had left the hospital earlier that night -- despite having lost a leg -- so that he could get back to the front lines . He was offered a flight to Germany and a new prosthetic limb by an NGO , but instead snuck out of the hospital to rejoin his comrades . But the big question looming over everything was : "  Why are they fighting ? " Everyone I asked -- bankers , shop clerks , students , construction workers , oil engineers and ex-Gaddafi loyalists -- offered the same answer : "  Freedom . " It was like the end of Braveheart every time a rebel looked into my eyes and said it . One 16-year-old told me , "  I will die so the others can at least breathe free air . " Heady stuff for a teenager , especially when most of the rebels are n't old enough to have known a political system other than Gaddafism . Risking your life for freedom is one thing . But risking it for the concept of freedom is something else entirely . See the rest of The Rebels of Libya at VICE.COM When we finally got to Misurata , it was surrounded by Gaddafi 's troops and only accessible by sea . We slowly made our way toward the front , stopping periodically to talk to rebels . One 15-year-old boy I met was preparing a Grad-missile truck for battle . Beaming , he wondered whether I could "  ask Clinton and Obama for new weapons " so that they could beat Gaddafi and he could fulfill his dream of playing for the Miami Heat or the Dallas Mavericks . As we talked , it struck me how much had changed in such a short period . This was a different Libya than the one I experienced last year -- a completely new country .	VICE embeds with rebel groups on the front lines in Libya Journalists were surprised by how young some rebels were When asked why they were fighting , "  freedom " was the common answer
CNN  -- If we allow this awful measure to stand , predicted the conservative spokesman , "  behind it will come other federal programs that will invade every area of freedom as we have known it in this country until one day ... we will wake to find that we have socialism -LSB- and -RSB- we are going to spend our sunset years telling our children and our children 's children what it once was like in America when men were free . " This could be a tea party representative warning about the perils of Obamacare and willing to keep the government closed until it is delayed or repealed . But it was Ronald Reagan speaking back in 1961 . And the program he viewed as the driving wedge of socialism was Medicare . One can draw three important lessons from that statement and from the later presidential career of the man who made it . First , the fear that a federal program designed to help millions of people flagrantly violates the Constitution and speeds the nation toward tyranny has deep roots in modern U.S. history . In the mid-1930s , the American Liberty League hurled that charge at Franklin D. Roosevelt for creating Social Security as well as for endorsing the right of unions to organize . In 1964 , Barry Goldwater made a similar argument against the Civil Rights Act . "  The problem of race relations , " the Republican presidential nominee contended , should be left to the people of the South to decide . It "  should not be effected by engines of national power . " In 1994 , Newt Gingrich and his fellow House Republicans described President Bill Clinton 's national health care plan , which included an employer mandate , as a radical attempt to coerce American business . The Liberty League collapsed after FDR won re-election in a landslide in 1936 . But the careers of Reagan , Goldwater and Gingrich were propelled by a large movement of white , middle-class Americans who shared the same dread of federal power tea party members now express . Like the Koch brothers today , wealthy individuals on the right were always eager to finance that movement . The second lesson is that , over time , the dire predictions of conservatives have not come to pass . Social Security and Medicare did not destroy individual liberty in America ; they enabled millions of people to avoid poverty and an early death . Of course , these programs eat up the lion 's share of the federal budget . But few citizens -- including the most zealous tea party activists -- would wish to cut the benefits they receive , much less abolish them . And if black people had waited for the majority white Southerners to grant them equal rights , they might be waiting still . The final lesson is that when conservatives do take power in Washington , they depart quite markedly from the rhetoric of their campaigns . As president , Reagan made no attempt to reduce Social Security payments and expanded Medicare to cover "  catastrophic " costs . When he made it to the White House , George W. Bush , who had been the favorite candidate of most conservatives in the 2000 primaries , initiated a major new entitlement program , Medicare Part D . When they campaign for votes and donations , conservative candidates for national office are fond of such slogans as "  the bigger the government , the smaller the citizen . " But those who gain victory quickly realize that Americans like and often rely on the government programs , which benefit them and their families , and will punish any politician who tries to take them away . As two astute political scientists put it in the 1960s , most Americans may be "  ideological conservatives , " but they are also "  operational liberals . " Ironically , however , the conservative activists who despise "  big government " endure because the politicians they endorse never fulfill their desires . By losing nearly every big battle to curb federal power from the New Deal onward , they maintain the fervor of a movement of outsiders . The struggle to preserve the constitutional order against the onslaughts of its enemies never ends . If a future President Rand Paul or Ted Cruz did make a serious attempt to dismantle the welfare state , their disciples would lose their image as heroic losers . But this fall , the tea party , the latest version of the grassroots right , has already achieved a victory of sorts . With the acquiescence of Republican leaders , its stalwarts in Congress have done much to bring the nation to the brink of a financial catastrophe . If that debacle were to occur , we could , to paraphrase Ronald Reagan , someday be telling our children and grandchildren what it was once like in America when we had a government that could truly function . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Kazin .	Michael Kazin : In 1961 Reagan warned of spread of socialism -- he was talking about Medicare Kazin : In opposing Obamacare , tea party echoes movements against Social Security He says they 're usually backed by wealthy and predict catastrophe that never comes Kazin : Activists draw power as outsider , but often find citizens like their social programs
CNN  -- There was more heartbreak for Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II Friday as her horse Bold Sniper was beaten in the Wolferton Stakes on Royal Ascot 's fourth day . Ed Dunlop 's Contributor claimed victory to deny the Queen and extend her losing run at the festival . On Thursday , her filly Estimate narrowly failed in her bid to defend her Gold Cup title when she was overhauled by Leading Light in the final stages . "  I 've had so many seconds here I thought it was never going to happen , but it 's fantastic to win one , " George Baker , who rode Contributor to victory , told reporters . "  This horse ran on very heavy ground at Sandown behind Noble Mission . If he had n't run there , he 'd have been a lot shorter in the betting . In the day 's feature race , the Coronation Stakes , Rizeena delivered for trainer Clive Brittain , striking the front under Ryan Moore . Hartnell proved victorious in the Queen 's Vase , while Louis The Pious caused a 33-1 shock in the Buckingham Palace Stakes . "  That was great . I 've been here for the last three days and I 'm just glad to ride a winner , " Silvestre de Sousa , who rode Louis The Pious , told reporters . "  I felt they went pretty quick . He gave me a great ride . He was off the bridle the whole way but he was comfortable at his speed . "  When I asked him to quicken up , he picked up too well , but he kept rolling and thank God he got there . "	Queen Elizabeth II suffers more disappointment at Ascot Queen 's horse beaten by Contributer in Wolferton Handicap Stakes Rizeena wins Coronation Stakes
The head of Naval Warfare Special Command had warned Navy SEALs against betraying their promise to maintain secrecy just days ahead of a SEAL 's "  60 Minutes " interview defending his publication of details from the Osama bin Laden mission . The open letter specifies that the warning holds even after a mission is over , and it scolds those seeking public credit . The admonition is seemingly directed both at Matt Bissonnette -- who revealed his role on the 2011 bin Laden mission with "  60 Minutes " on Sunday -- and at a SEAL at the center of an upcoming Fox News documentary . It was Bissonnette 's second interview with the CBS show . The October 31 letter from Adm. Brian Losey obtained by CNN was addressed to "  teammates " and sought to shame those who sought public acclaim , reminding SEALs "  the most important credit we can garner is the respect of our Teammates and Partners . " Letter speaks of core values , private accolades "  We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety and financial gain , " Losey wrote . "  Any real credit to be rendered is about the incredible focus , commitment , and teamwork of this diverse network and the years of hard work undertaken with little individual public credit . It is the nature of our profession , " he also wrote . The missive was first reported by SOFREP , a website that covers the Special Operations community . The new story of the death of bin Laden The letter is not the first . Losey 's predecessor also sent a letter reminding SEALs to keep the confidence of the mission . While Losey does not mention the bin Laden raid directly , it 's the publication of those details and the mission to free the captured sailors of the Maersk Alabama in 2009 off the coast of Somalia that have gotten much publicity . SOFREP has identified the so-called "  shooter " of bin Laden , who was the unnamed subject of a Esquire magazine article last year and whose identity will reportedly be revealed in an upcoming Fox News documentary . CNN has not confirmed the name of the SEAL is accurate . The claims in the Esquire article were met with skepticism by those in the SEAL community who said the close quarters and darkness and intense shooting made it difficult to determine whose bullets killed bin Laden . Peter Bergen in 2013 : Who really killed bin Laden ? Criminal inquiry into Navy SEAL The Pentagon and Justice Department are conducting a criminal inquiry of Bissonnette and his bestselling book about the raid in Pakistan . That inquiry has delayed a legal settlement between the government and the author over profits from the book . Bissonnette did n't seek the legally required government review before he published the book "  No Easy Day " in 2012 . The book recounts what he says is his role as one of the SEAL Team Six members who shot and killed bin Laden . The man who hunted bin Laden , Saddam and the pirates The Pentagon will not even confirm that Bissonnette was even on the raid . Navy Cmdr. Amy Derrick-Frost , a spokeswoman , would only say of Bissonnette and his connection to the mission : "  If in fact this individual was associated with the military unit that carried out the UBL raid ... is yet to be determined . " Bissonnette notes that while he revealed details , so did the CIA and Pentagon when they cooperated with the filmmakers of "  Zero Dark Thirty , " a dramatic retelling of the hunt for the al Qaeda leader . U.S. terror raids : 2 operations , 2 outcomes , 5 questions	Adm. Brian Losey writes an open letter to Navy SEALs on October 31 The letter came just days before a "  60 Minutes " appearance by Matt Bissonnette Bissonnette said he was on the Pakistan raid in which Osama bin Laden was killed Losey reminds SEALs they 've made a vow to maintain mission secrecy and eschew glory
Lima , Peru  CNN  -- Joran van der Sloot 's Peruvian attorney has resigned from defending the murder suspect , the attorney told Peru 's Foreign Press Association on Monday . Earlier , Maximo Altez Navarro told CNN that he did n't want to be van der Sloot 's attorney anymore . "  This has created many problems for me , " Altez said . According to Peruvian prison authorities , Altez was the only person to have visited van der Sloot in prison . The 22-year-old Dutch citizen is accused in the death of 21-year-old student Stephany Flores Ramirez last month . On Monday , van der Sloot , who is in the Miguel Castro Castro prison in Lima , was awaiting a psychological evaluation , prison authorities said . He is in a high-security area of the prison where only two of 10 cells are occupied , and he has no contact with inmates in the general prison population . He is under guard 24 hours a day , authorities said . The only other inmate in the area is alleged Colombian hit man Hugo Trujillo Ospina . The two have spent some time together in a common area where there is a television set and weights made of out of broomsticks and soda bottles , authorities said . There is the possibility that van der Sloot will be integrated with other segments of the prison population . According to transcripts of his confession , van der Sloot said he elbowed Flores in the face before strangling her and then suffocating her with his own shirt . The transcripts -- provided to CNN by an anonymous police source -- give shocking details of the murder van der Sloot is accused of and also give the public its first glimpse of why van der Sloot says the alleged murder took place . The source has not been named because he was not authorized to pass along the material . "  There was blood everywhere , " van der Sloot said in the transcripts . "  What am I going to do now . I had blood on my shirt . There was also blood on the bed , so , I took my shirt and put it on her face , pressing hard , until I killed Stephany . " Peruvian authorities charged van der Sloot with murder last week . Van der Sloot has also been considered the main suspect in the well-publicized 2005 disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway in Aruba . Van der Sloot told authorities he attacked Flores on May 30 after she read an e-mail on his computer connected with the Holloway case . In the transcript , van der Sloot said that after Flores read the e-mail , she punched him in the face . "  At that moment impulsively , with my right elbow I hit her in the face exactly on top of the nose , " van der Sloot said . "  I think she started to faint . It affected me so that I grabbed her from the neck and strangled her for a minute . " Van der Sloot said he had a quick thought that he might try to hide the body but instead fled . He was arrested in Chile on June 3 and was returned the next day to Peru . Along with killing Flores , who had a broken neck , he took money and bank cards from her wallet , police said . Van der Sloot told police in Chile a different story of how Flores died when he was arrested there , according to transcripts . He blamed the death on robbers who had waited for him at his hotel in Peru . "  There was a man coming from the access door with a knife in his hand , " van der Sloot said . "  The man with the knife hit her in the face , making her bleed through the nose . " But Peru authorities said they had overwhelming evidence pointing to van der Sloot , and when he was transferred to Peru , van der Sloot confessed to the crime , police said . Van der Sloot said he was in Peru for a poker tournament and had met Flores while he was gambling . Police have said they think van der Sloot killed Flores to steal money she won from gambling . Van der Sloot offered a different motive . "  After I responded with hitting her , I feared that she would go to the police and they would detain me for what was an impulsive act , " van der Sloot said . "  I think I wanted to kill her because I was n't thinking . " Before he quit , Altez had planned to ask the judge in the case to strike down van der Sloot 's confession because he was not properly represented when he was interrogated . Peruvian police have defended the interrogation and said van der Sloot 's confession was acquired legally .	NEW : Joran van der Sloot 's attorney resigns NEW : Van der Sloot being held in high-security area of prison New transcripts detail graphic moments in murder case Suspect tells why alleged murder took place
Tampa  CNN  -- A man hurrying to catch the light at a corner in muggy downtown Tampa carries a book with a rainbow of color on its cover . Its title stands out , especially here , where the Republican National Convention has officially accepted a platform that a New York Times editorial called "  more aggressive in its opposition to women 's reproductive rights and to gay rights than any in memory . " The book is "  A Fundamental Freedom : Why Republicans , Conservatives , and Libertarians Should Support Gay Rights . " Ted McCormac is a precinct committee person for the GOP in Bradenton , Florida , and the father of a gay son . He picked up the book at a brunch co-hosted by the Young Conservatives for the Freedom to Marry and the Log Cabin Republicans -- two of a small number of visible LGBT-supportive Republican groups at this year 's convention . Individual members of the Log Cabin Republicans have attended previous conventions , but this year marks a first for the group : It was invited by the Republican National Convention committee to participate in the convention itself . In addition , there are many high-profile , gay-themed events this year , including the brunch McCormac attended . "  I 've never been to an event of theirs , but people clearly went out of their way to be nice to me , " McCormac said , with a catch in his voice . "  It means so much since I 'm kind of new at this . " In fact , Sarah Longwell , a Log Cabin board member and one of the speakers at the brunch , began her speech by talking about McCormac . She said she teared up when she met McCormac there and he told her how proud he and his wife are of their son , Tony . Tony McCormac is getting married to Jeff Cook , who was also there working on behalf of American Unity , a political action committee that supports Republican candidates who are gay friendly . Cook is so involved in Republican politics that they 've scheduled their ceremony In New York after the November election . "  That 's what this is all about -- events where we can talk to Republicans about why marriage matters for our community , conservative to conservative , " Longwell said . Longwell 's own engagement is so new she still stumbles a little when she describes Karen Bencala as her "  fiancee . " But her message about why conservatives should back same-sex marriage comes through loud and clear . She shared it Wednesday with all the Republicans gathered for the convention in the form of a full-page ad in the Tampa Tribune , paid for by the Log Cabin and Young Conservatives for the Freedom to Marry . The ad shows several photos of same-sex couples smiling under a quote from Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , a Christian right think tank that is far from gay friendly . In his argument that successfully added anti-same sex marriage language to the party 's platform , Perkins said , "  The institution of marriage is the foundation of civil society . Its success as an institution will determine our success as a nation . " Longwell 's ad goes on to say the LGBT Republican groups agree with Perkins , which is why the government should stop denying marriage licenses to gay couples . "  The freedom to marry is directly in line with the core ideals and principles of the Republican Party -- less government , more individual freedom , personal responsibility and the importance of freedom , " it argues . "  What I want to ask Tony Perkins if I see him here is , ` If you believe marriage is the very foundation of society , why would you deny us this right ? ' " Longwell said . "  I honestly believe it 's cruel to deny us this . If you believe we are real people , that is . " As she finishes speaking , Longwell recognizes a man from the Family Research Council riding an escalator into the carefully secured convention center and wonders whether she could catch up with him . Until this year , Longwell may not have had the credentials to follow him into those secured areas , at least not as a Log Cabin Republican . One of the Log Cabin 's former directors says this is the first year the RNC has credentialed the group and saved rooms for its members in official hotel space . Bob Kabel says the evolution of the roles that openly gay people play at the convention -- and in the party itself -- has been remarkable . Kabel was the chairman of the Log Cabin Republicans from 1993 to 1999 . He went on to be elected the first openly gay person in the nation to chair a state Republican Party , in the District of Columbia . Early on , he says , he felt forced to stand up at a public meeting and shame the Republican National Convention chair into an official meeting with Log Cabin . "  The current RNC leadership has been much better . They 've been great , " Kabel said . "  We feel so much more welcome , and the voices of the Tony Perkinses in the party will be drowned out as more young people come into the party . This is not a negative issue for young people in our party . And we are more visible than ever . " Proof of his statement was visible Tuesday at a GOProud dance party called "  Homocon , " where many young gay and straight convention danced in the shadow of buff go-go dancers wearing the LGBT group 's "  freedom is fabulous " T-shirts . At the door on the way out of the event , attendees received a convention collector 's item -- a keychain with the GOProud logo . Late into the evening , GOProud co-founder Jimmy LaSalvia hushed the dancing crowd for a moment . He described how proud he was that his was the first gay GOP group to endorse this Republican presidential ticket -- even if he personally disagreed with Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan 's stance against same-sex marriage . To him , the gay community is so mainstream within the party that GOProud should n't solely be about gay issues . "  As most of you know , I support civil marriage for gay couples , " LaSalvia said , which drew a smattering of supportive shouts from the crowd . "  And marriage is important . But before you get married , you need a date . And everybody knows you ca n't get a date without a job . "	Republican Party 's platform is against same-sex marriage Log Cabin Republicans invited to take part in convention for first time Some GOP groups that support LGBT community emphasize other issues
CNN  -- Kodak -- the company known for decades for its cameras and film -- this week confirmed it used weapons-grade uranium in an underground lab in upstate New York for upwards of 30 years . A company spokesman and a former scientist for the firm say there was not enough material to sustain a nuclear chain reaction . Former Kodak researcher Albert Filo said the uranium was alloyed with aluminum in plates sealed in sleeves that were not moved for three decades . The amount of fuel was about 3Â 1/2 pounds , which experts say is less than one-tenth of the amount necessary to make a crude nuclear device . The alloyed material "  could not be readily converted to make a nuclear weapon , " said Eastman Kodak spokesman Christopher Veronda . "  Disassembling the device and removing these plates was a process that took highly trained experts more than a day to perform . " But advocates for preventing nuclear proliferation say it highlights the risk that terrorists could obtain enough fuel to build a nuclear device . "  In this day and age , no one should be allowed to possess nuclear-weapons-usable material without providing an armed defense of that material , " said Edwin Lyman , a nuclear physicist with the Union of Concerned Scientists . "  There really should be an effort to eliminate the use of materials in commercial companies that could be used by terrorists to make nuclear weapons , " he said . Kodak turned the material over to the government in 2007 , under heavy security . But for more than 30 years , the company had a device called a californium neutron flux multiplier , or CFX , in a specially built labyrinth beneath Building 82 at its labs near Rochester , New York . The device was about the size of a refrigerator . It was not a reactor , but rather a hunk of metal emitting radiation . Its purpose was to create a beam of neutrons to use for scanning and testing other materials . The device 's primary source of neutron radiation was the radioactive element californium , but the stream of neutrons produced by the californium was multiplied by passing it through a lattice of highly enriched uranium U-235 , whose nuclear fission released additional neutrons . According to a spokesman for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , Kodak 's uranium was highly enriched -- to a level approaching 93.4 % . That is the type of weapons-grade material that U.S. government agencies are trying to prevent terrorists from getting their hands on .  For the sake of comparison , Iran claims to have enriched uranium to 20 % , leading Western nations to impose sanctions on the country in an effort to prevent Iran from pursuing further enrichment . Lyman acknowledges that the quantity was not enough to make a bomb . "  But you can always imagine , " he said , "  an adversary that was coordinated could steal enough in different areas to kind of consolidate , and have enough for a bomb . " While Kodak did not have armed guards , Filo said that there were security procedures in place to prevent any unauthorized access to the uranium . Also , he said , it would take hours or days for anyone to dismantle the CFX and extract the nuclear fuel . He also said the bunker was subject to regular inspection , never leaked radiation , and never posed any risk to the neighborhood of radioactive exposure . "  The walls surrounding it were two feet of reinforced concrete . The ceiling over it was again two feet of concrete and then eight feet of earth . So it was really a well-shielded instrument , " he said . Kodak says it never intended to hide the CFX , and it was licensed by both state and federal officials . But the fact that the company was handling highly enriched uranium was never widely publicized . There are 31 reactors in the United States for research or testing purposes , according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . Most are run by universities and use low-enriched uranium rather than highly enriched uranium . But weapons-grade fuel is still used in some reactors , said Lyman . "  The  Massachusetts Institute of Technology  reactor , and a  university  reactor in Missouri , both still use highly enriched uranium . The Department of Energy would like those reactors to change the way they operate , so they do n't have to use bomb material anymore , " he said . "  But it 's technically hard , it costs a lot of money , and there 's resistance . " CNN 's Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	Kodak turned the material over to the government in 2007 It was used in scanning and testing for more than 30 years The amount of fuel was about three-and-a-half pounds Experts say that 's less than a tenth of what 's needed for a crude nuclear device
CNN  -- For a second straight day , President Barack Obama touted proposals from his State of the Union address at a campaign-style event outside of Washington , this time visiting a Georgia preschool where youngsters on a winter break showed up to mimic a regular day . Obama 's visit to the College Heights Early Childhood Learning Center , in the city of Decatur just outside Atlanta , followed his call in Tuesday night 's speech to Congress for investments in high-quality early childhood education programs . The president spent time in a classroom where he hugged some students -- who told him they saw him on television -- and praised the teachers he said were giving their students a boost into the educational system . "  This is n't baby-sitting , " he said . Children who take prekindergarten classes are more likely to read at their grade level , graduate from high school and hold a job down the road -- but fewer than 30 % of 4-year-olds are enrolled in prekindergarten programs like those at College Heights , he said . "  Hope is found in what works . This works . We know it works , " he said . "  If you are looking for a good bang for your educational buck , this is it right here . That 's why , even in times of tight budgets , states like Georgia and Oklahoma have worked to make a preschool slot available for nearly every parent who is looking for one for their child . " In the classroom , Obama sat in a small chair and helped children with tablet blocks at one table . He then moved to another to engage in a brief game of I Spy , peering at little faces through a magnifying glass . And he took a moment to warn the parents of the young children that "  they grow up to be , like , 5 ' 10 " -- and even if they 're still nice to you , they basically do n't have a lot of time for you during the weekends . " "  They have sleepovers and dates , " he said to laughter . "  So all that early investment just leads them to go away . " Friday , he will head to Chicago to continue his campaign for the main proposals of the State of the Union address , which emphasized themes of his re-election campaign last year , including equal opportunity and middle-class growth . On Wednesday , Obama toured an auto parts plant in Asheville , North Carolina , and urged Congress to support the jobs agenda in his address the night before . In Chicago , he 'll speak about the economy and the city 's rampant gun violence . Obama and congressional Democrats are locked in a fierce political debate with Republicans over government spending and federal deficits , with a showdown pending on mandatory spending cuts set to take effect March 1 . In his State of the Union address and again Thursday , Obama said making an early commitment to education saves money later for local governments and boosts graduation rates . He also spotlighted studies showing children who attend preschool have lower teen pregnancy rates and are less prone to engage in violent crime . The Thursday stop required some scheduling changes at the school , which had yet to fully return from a winter holiday . Parents with children enrolled there received an e-mail this week with the offer of a "  one-day experience " Thursday for the president 's visit . "  This day would resemble a normal school day : same bus routes and times , same school beginning and end times , regular instructional day with the same staff , and breakfast and lunch offerings , " the school 's principal , Suzanne Kennedy , wrote . "  President Obama 's visit promises to be an amazing opportunity for our students to expand their worlds and for Decatur to celebrate its exemplary teaching and learning . " The White House did not immediately respond to an inquiry for an explanation on the timing of the visit . Obama 's emotional plea might lead to vote on guns Obama challenges GOP to work with him , but Rubio signals no	NEW : "  This works . We know it works , " Obama says at preschool near Atlanta The president called for expanded early education in his State of the Union address It is the second of three straight days of events outside Washington to tout his proposals Obama and Republicans are in a fierce debate over government spending
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department plans to expand a ban on ethnic and religious profiling in federal investigations , ending an exemption for national security investigations , sources tell CNN . But the Obama administration 's plans to have a government-wide policy are on hold because the Department of Homeland Security wo n't adopt the new rules for its agencies , which include Immigration and Customs Enforcement . In a concession to national security officials , the new Justice Department rules also still would allow federal agents to recruit informants based on ethnic data . The DHS exemption is a major concession for Obama administration officials and some supporters in Congress who have sought a broader ban on profiling . The new rules are nearing completion after nearly five years of internal debate , and the Justice Department is expected to announce them in the coming weeks . Two U.S. law enforcement officials familiar with the changes described them to CNN . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder spoke out against profiling in a recent visit to Ferguson , Missouri , citing his own experience as a young prosecutor when police stopped him in Washington 's Georgetown neighborhood . Holder takes credit for lower federal prison population The new Justice Department policy would expand the profiling ban to include religion , national origin , sexual orientation and gender . The Los Angeles Times reported Friday on the near completion of the profiling rules . The many challenges or replacing Eric Holder The new policy replaces one put in place in the wake of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , which exempted national security investigations from guidelines that generally prohibit profiling . Holder , who announced plans to resign last week , has made civil rights issues a major part of his legacy . As Holder pushed for changes to the profiling policy , he faced pushback from the FBI , which reports to him , and ultimately from DHS . Some FBI agents have said the changes will make their work harder to carry out . But in the end the bureau decided it could live with changes that permit certain agents to target certain communities for recruitment of informants . Holder : My work on voting rights most important Farhana Khera , executive director of Muslim Advocates and a supporter of a broader ban on profiling , says allowing Homeland Security agencies to continue under the old policy would raise concerns . "  After 9/11 the pendulum has swung too far , " she said , citing experiences of Muslims , including American citizens , who are questioned at ports of entry . "  There 's been a pattern of incidents in recent years , " she said . A Homeland Security official said the agency continues to work with the Justice Department to produce the new profiling policy .	New policy wo n't affect law enforcement agencies that fall under Homeland Security Rules are product of nearly five years of internal debate Some FBI agents says they worry new rules will make it more difficult to do their jobs
How to react to Iran 's new smiley-faced president , Hassan Rouhani ? Smile back , but do n't stop squeezing Iran with sanctions . Rouhani has offered a series of positive gestures since taking office in early August . He has released some political prisoners . He sent New Year 's greetings to Jews in Iran and around the world . He took a phone call from the president of the United States . Does any of this portend real change in Iran ? The case for skepticism is strong . None of the regime has changed in any way . Iran continues to make mischief through the region , most horrifically by supporting the brutal actions of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria . As far as anyone can tell , Iran pursues nuclear weapons as determinedly as ever . Rouhani himself is no liberal and no Democrat . An early supporter of the Ayatollah Khomeini , Rouhani held senior positions in the Iranian state during the regime 's most vicious period of international terrorism , the early 1990s - the years in which Iranian-backed terrorists carried out assassinations in Berlin and Paris and carried out two terrible bombings of Jewish targets in Buenos Aires , killing 114 people and wounding nearly a thousand more . As Iran 's chief nuclear negotiator in the 2000s , Rouhani nimbly evaded international efforts to achieve a peaceful end to the country 's drive for weapons of mass death . More fundamentally , the president of Iran does not govern the country 's national security system . The military and the secret police answer to the supreme leader , the Ayatollah Khameini , who has very emphatic geopolitical ideas of his own . Compared with all that , a cheerful tweet and a few words of condemnation of Nazi crimes do n't seem much of an offset . So , caution . But there is an "  on the other hand . " On the other hand , sanctions have been biting Iran hard the past year . The currency has plunged in value , inflation rages , goods have become scarce in the shops . Iran 's leaders have seen other authoritarian rulers swept from power in Egypt , Tunisia and Libya - and pushed to the very brink in Syria . Has Iran 's leadership become frightened that it could fall victim to similar grievances ? If anything , Iran 's economic situation has deteriorated further and faster than that of any of the countries in which leaders were toppled . Iranian elections are neither free nor fair . But Iranian elections do permit some controlled airing of public grievances . Rouhani has been quoted as saying that he does not approve of Iran 's centrifuges spinning while the economy remains stagnant . As so often the case with him , these are very ambiguous words . Perhaps he means that he 'd like to accelerate the spinning of both the centrifuges and the economy . Perhaps he is expressing a purely personal and ineffectual opinion . But it 's worth the effort to explore whether he and his colleagues might mean something more . Western diplomats often succumb to the Iranian demand that we accept total responsibility for the Iran-West relationship while assigning Iran none . Last week , the New Yorker magazine indulged yet another example of this tendency when it quoted Ryan Crocker , former ambassador to Afghanistan and Iraq , as suggesting that we might have reached a deal with Iran in 2002 if only President George W. Bush had not bruised the mullah 's feelings with his "  axis of evil " speech , in whose drafting I played a role . The hope that some magic incantation might change Iran springs eternal , but states are more thick-skinned than that . They act for deep reasons of interest . Iran 's policy toward the West originates inside the regime , and so will any changes of that policy . If those changes have begun , the United States should be ready to recognize and welcome them . But there should be no mistaking why those changes have begun : economic pressure from Western-imposed sanctions and fear of American-backed military action . End the pressure and the fear prematurely , and the changes will end . Iran 's nuclear program must be closed down for good . Iran 's long record of evasion and deceit requires more than mere promises - we must see decisive and irrevocable proof . Until Iran changes policy , we do n't change policy . But if Iran changes its tone , we can change tone , too . A smile is a helpful start , so long as we all understand that it 's only a start .	David Frum : In face of Rouhani 's moves , U.S. should smile back , keep up sanctions He says there 's reason for skepticism ; Rouhani has history in terrorism-backing regime He says Khameini holds the real power ; still , there 's hope some change may begin Frum : Iran has long record of deceit ; for progress , nuke program must be shut down
CNN  -- You just ca n't tell with Rupert . According to his friends -- and there are still many in journalism , even if British politicians are for once giving him a very wide berth -- this is Rupert Murdoch at his back-to-the-wall , defiant , unpredictable best : pulling rabbits out of hats , raising rock-bottom morale and announcing the launch of a new Sunday tabloid to replace the defunct News of the World . And not just "  some time soon , " but this coming Sunday . According to his enemies -- and there are still as many of those as there have ever been -- this is Rupert at his cynical , death-defying , manipulative worst , seeking to convince the world that his Augean Stables have been swept clean and that his commitment to tabloid newsprint remains undimmed , even as rumors abound of more imminent arrests of Sun journalists for bribing police and other public officials . So is the Sun on Sunday a last hurrah or a phoenix from the ashes ? Probably a bit of both . There is no question that the announcement of its launch , coupled with reinstatement of those journalists who had been suspended following their arrests  unless and until charged  , has raised morale at Murdoch 's Wapping base in London . Proof , they say , that he still has newspaper ink running through his veins and -- while still committed to rooting out past criminal activity -- is intent on demonstrating that there is still a market for good , old-fashioned , raucous , tub-thumping Sunday tabloid journalism . For anyone who cares about journalism -- and jobs for journalists -- that must be good news . But even the less cynical must be asking themselves a difficult question about the new creation : Since it wo n't be paying private investigators for confidential information , or putting celebrities under surveillance , or hacking phones for gossip , or covertly paying police officers for scoops , what sort of newspaper will emerge from Wapping ? And in a market of declining circulations , where the Sun brand is in danger of becoming almost as tainted as its now deceased News of the World sister , will it really make its owner any money ? Perhaps Rupert really does n't care that much , and really does want to indulge his favorite child while demonstrating that even at the age of 80 he can still run a successful newspaper . And perhaps he still sees his newspapers as the route to that political clout that he had become accustomed to wielding so effortlessly in Britain and which -- conceivably -- may not be quite as enervated as some commentators assume and most detractors hope . Either way , realistically the ultimate strategic decision will lie in New York rather than London , within the boardrooms of News Corp. and its institutional shareholders . Much as it might pain Rupert himself , the UK newspaper operation that once provided the fuel for his burgeoning empire is now little more than a flea . More worryingly , the flea is increasingly becoming an irritant and has the potential for infecting the whole operation should evidence of serious and endemic corporate corruption come to light . News Corp 's . Management and Standards Committee is still , as far as we know , rooting through over 3 million potentially toxic e-mails and is committed to exposing any wrongdoing in all News International titles . There is still plenty of scope for further scandal , further arrests , further ignominy for the British operation . It is quite plausible that sometime soon , New York will issue the death warrant for a very short-lived operation . Assuming , however , that the death sentence is commuted and that Rupert can deliver a Sunday newspaper with all the verve , scoops and investigative flair -- but without the egregious excesses that have come to typify much of the British tabloid culture -- what next ? The Sun is currently selling around 2.7 million copies a day , slightly less than the 2.8 million circulation of the News of the World when it closed . Like all British newspapers -- and especially the tabloids -- it is on a steep downward curve : Ten years ago , the Sun was selling 3.5 million and the News of the World over 4 million . Traditionally Britain , along with Japan , has been home to one of the most vibrant and profitable national newspaper markets in the world , but those days are ebbing away . As advertisers and readers desert to online  and free  , the business model for tabloid newspapers is becoming increasingly precarious . That 's why it is very hard to be bullish about the Sun on Sunday , even if we attribute to Rupert the most benign of motives : If New York does n't pull the rug from under his new baby , the inexorable logic of the market almost certainly will . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter Join the conversation on Facebook The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steven Barnett .	Beset with woes , Rupert Murdoch is launching a new Sunday newspaper in the UK Steven Barnett asks whether it 's the last gasp of Murdoch 's newspapers in London He says it has boosted the morale of journalists at the troubled Sun newspaper Murdoch 's company , News Corp. , continues to investigate the practices of his newspapers
CNN  -- Marie Mills held her 77-year-old father , who had collapsed outside in a Washington street . She screamed for help . A passerby rushed across the street to bang on the door of a fire station , knowing that firefighters are trained to provide emergency medical help . But they would n't leave the station . The same thing happened when two more people tried to summon the firefighters for assistance , Mills says . "  We looked across the street at the fire station . There was a firefighter that was actually standing against the fire apparatus , " she told CNN affiliate WJLA . "  Everybody started trying to wave him over . " But the firefighter said he had to be dispatched first . "  I even ran to the curb and said , ` Are you going to help me or let my dad die ? ' " said Mills . Later , after an ambulance finally arrived , Cecil Mills died at a hospital . He had suffered an apparent heart attack . An investigation is under way and , so far , no officials are publicly challenging Mills ' version of events . "  It 's an outrage , " Washington Mayor Vincent Gray said at a news conference . "  I was absolutely furious . " He said he apologized to Marie Mills for "  what appeared to be dereliction , " DC news station WTTG reported . "  Those who failed to respond as they should -- they will be held accountable , period , " Gray vowed . In comments Thursday to CNN , Gray said he has "  taken a lot of time with it . " The investigation is "  being done as rapidly as we possibly can , " he added . The D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department told CNN it is investigating the incident , which took place along the 1300 block of Rhode Island Avenue on Saturday . "  Our duty is to respond to all requests for emergency assistance . If it is determined that proper protocols were not followed at the conclusion of our investigation , then appropriate action will be taken , " spokesman Tim Wilson said . The protocol is in question because , according to the Mills family , those who asked for help at the fire station were told to call 911 . Calls to 911 were placed , but a mix-up with the address delayed an ambulance , said Washington Council member Tommy Wells . "  Two things happened , " he said . "  One was that no one came out of the fire house to help this gentleman . The other is the ambulance that was dispatched was dispatched to the wrong place . This was a number of fiascos . " Paul Quander , deputy mayor for public safety , said a "  very new , probationary employee " was at the facility . The employee 's first response should be "  to ask a senior person , and we believe that was done , " he said , according to WTTG . "  The question now is what did that senior person say ? What did that person do ? Did they follow protocols and procedures ? " There are no protocols that would prevent fire personnel from helping those in need , Quander told CNN Thursday . "  These are people who run into burning buildings . They work in the most hazardous conditions imaginable . "  They cross the streets , they cross highways to get to people . It is understood . It is common . This is why it is so troubling that we did not take the appropriate action in this case . It 's right across the street . " "  It 's hard to get your arms around " the idea that this took place , he added . Lt. Kellene Davis was the officer in charge of the station at the time of the incident , WTTG reports . Davis did not respond immediately to an e-mail Thursday from CNN , and a call to a phone number listed for her was not answered . Also Thursday , a spokesman said that two employees of the D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services Department have been suspended with pay in the wake of the incident . "  I can not say who they were because it is a personnel matter and an ongoing investigation , but I can tell you that neither of them was the probationary firefighter involved in the incident , " said Keith St. Clair , with the office of the deputy mayor for public safety . The employees were working at the station , he said . Cecil Mills , a lifelong Washington resident , worked for the Department of Parks and Recreation . His daughter , in mourning , had kind words for the mayor 's handling of the matter . "  I appreciate how seriously he is taking this because it never should have happened , " she told WTTG . Marie Mills was n't immediately available Thursday when contacted by CNN . The firefighters ' union said the incident simply should never have happened . "  We need to find out why it did occur and make sure it never happens again , " said Ed Smith , president of the DC Fire Fighters Association , in a statement reported by WTTG . He added that on the union 's behalf , "  I offer Mr. Mills ' family a sincere apology . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper and Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report from Washington .	NEW : Two employees have been suspended with pay , a spokesman says Three people tried to summon firefighters to help the collapsed man Mills ' daughter said she saw a firefighter at the station That firefighter , a new employee , apparently said he had to be dispatched to help
CNN  -- England captain John Terry braved the public eye despite continuing revelations about his private life , but his table-topping Chelsea team were held to a shock 1-1 draw at relegation-threatened Hull City on Tuesday night . British media had reported that Terry would miss the Premier League match to be with his wife Toni , who is supposedly in Dubai to get away from allegations about his infidelity . But the defender and father of two , whose role as national captain is in doubt after he allegedly had an affair with the ex-partner of his former Chelsea teammate Wayne Bridge , fronted up at the KC Stadium to jeers from the home fans . Terry scored the winner against Burnley in his first match since the media storm broke , having failed in his bid to win a court injunction to prevent any such publication , but this time saw his team squander a great chance to move four points clear of second-placed Manchester United . Indeed , the Londoners needed an equalizer from Didier Drogba on his return from Africa Cup of Nations duty with the Ivory Coast to move two ahead of United , with both teams having now played 24 out of a scheduled 38 matches . Chelsea should have taken the lead in the 25th minute when Germany midfielder Michael Ballack headed Branislav Ivanovic 's cross straight at goalkeeper Boaz Myhill when unmarked in front of goal . And the visiting defense were caught out five minutes later when Hull center-back Steven Mouyokolo escaped his marker Ballack and rose above Terry to head home winger Stephen Hunt 's corner . Myhill denied France striker Nicolas Anelka and Portuguese midfielder Deco , but was powerless as Drogba curled home a right-footed free-kick three minutes before halftime . It was the striker 's 20th league goal this season , and his second against Hull this season . Defender Anthony Gardner should have put Hull back in front after the break but headed Tom Cairney 's free-kick over the bar from close range , then Terry was booked for a clumsy challenge on Jozy Altidore . The United States striker should have made Chelsea pay , but completely mistimed his header from Hunt 's delivery . Chelsea pressed for a winner , but Myhill denied substitute forward Dean Sturridge late on to leave the hosts third from bottom . Meanwhile , Wolverhampton Wanderers , the team immediately above Hull in the table , were knocked out of the FA Cup after losing 3-1 at second division Crystal Palace . Palace , who were forced into administration last month with debts of $ 48 million , can look forward to a money-spinning fifth-round tie at home to Premier League high-flyers Aston Villa after winning the replay . Danny Butterfield , usually a defender but forced into playing up front due to the club 's injury problems , scored three times in six second-half minutes before Karl Henry netted a late consolation for the visitors . Butterfield had scored just once in six seasons before the match . Premier League side Wigan Athletic also suffered an embarrassing cup exit , losing 2-0 at home to fourth division Notts County . County , also in financial difficulties following the failed pre-season takeover which brought former England manager Sven Goran Eriksson to the club as director of football , will travel to Premier League side Fulham in the fifth round . Stephen Hunt put County , the world 's oldest professional league club and the lowest-ranked team left in the tournament , ahead with 15 minutes left as he headed in a corner by Ben Davies . Davies was again involved as Wigan 's new signing Gary Caldwell deflected the ball into his own net three minutes later .	John Terry 's table-topping Chelsea team held to shock 1-1 draw at struggling Hull England captain Terry played despite continuing controversy over his private life Chelsea lead Manchester United by two points , needing equalizer from Didier Drogba Premier League teams Wigan and Wolverhampton dumped out of FA Cup in replays
CNN  -- A New Mexico inmate , an ex-convict on probation and his nephew are under investigation for plotting to castrate and murder pop singer Justin Bieber , police said Thursday . Their unsuccessful scheme called for targeting Bieber and his bodyguard while in New York City in mid-November , and their motive grew from the inmate 's quest for notoriety and his infatuation with Bieber , said a New Mexico State Police affidavit . The inmate , Dana Martin , who is serving two life sentences for a 2000 rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl in Vermont , has a tattoo of Bieber on his leg and had attempted to correspond with Bieber , who never responded , the affidavit said . "  This perceived slight made Mr. Martin upset and that , coupled with Mr. Martin 's perception of being a ` nobody ' in prison , led him to begin plotting the kidnap and murder of  Bieber  , " the affidavit said , adding that Martin gave statements to investigators . With Martin serving as the mastermind , the plan called for the uncle and nephew to first kill two other people , in Vermont , the affidavit said . But the entire scheme to kill a total of four people , including Bieber , unraveled when the uncle and nephew missed their turn on a Vermont road and ended up heading toward the Canadian border on November 19 , authorities said . There , a U.S. Border Patrol agent at the Highgate Springs crossing arrested the uncle , Mark Aaron Staake , 41 , because he was found to have an outstanding warrant for a felony parole violation out of New Mexico , authorities said . The nephew , Tanner Ruane , 23 , was released with their 1983 BMW , but he then spilled the beans about the murder plots when he called Martin in prison the same day , New Mexico authorities said . Prison guards were recording the phone call , and Ruane was later arrested in New York by state police , authorities said . In the phone call , Ruane and Martin spoke in code and referred to the victims as "  dogs , " the affidavit said . "  Mr. Martin confirmed that the ` dogs ' would be castrated too , and Mr. Ruane not only agreed , but stated he himself was the one who was going to do the castrating , " the affidavit said . The instrument for castration would be hand-held hedge clippers used for trimming roses , the court document said . The victims were to be strangled with a paisley tie "  because that was what he  Mr. Martin  had used previously , " the affidavit said , without elaborating . "  In response to Mr. Staake 's reluctance to follow through with the castrations , Mr. Ruane stated he was going to do it and get ` five large for each one I get . ' Mr. Martin confirmed that Mr. Ruane was going to get $ 2,500.00 per testicle , " the affidavit said . The testicles were to be put in bags , to be hidden in a place such as the engine compartment , the document said . When asked by CNN if that grisly plan would be applied to all victims , including Bieber , McDonald stated : "  It would be safe to say they were going to do it for every one of them . " None of the three men have been charged in the alleged murder plot against Bieber and his bodyguard , but the investigation is continuing , New Mexico State Police Lt. Robert McDonald told CNN . New Mexico authorities are seeking the extradition of Staake from Vermont and Ruane from New York , McDonald said . Both men have Albuquerque addresses , police said . Staake and Ruane are now each facing two counts of conspiracy to commit first-degree murder and two counts to commit aggravated battery , and those New Mexico charges relate to their plot to kill two people in Vermont , McDonald said . Authorities were n't elaborating on that scheme and the two intended victims , McDonald said . The attorneys for Staake and Ruane did n't respond to CNN 's requests for comment Thursday . Said McDonald : "  We got to interview these  two  men and see what they say about this whole thing . " The affidavit refers to Bieber as "  Victim 3 " or "  J.B. " who was the "  ultimate target . " McDonald told CNN that J.B. refers to Justin Bieber . A representative for 18-year-old Bieber said , "  We take every precaution to protect and ensure the safety of Justin and his fans . " Bieber rose to fame in 2009 with his hit single "  One Time . " He was named Artist of the Year at the American Music Awards in both 2010 and 2012 . Martin and Staake met while inmates in the Southern New Mexico Correctional Facility after Martin was transferred there from a Florida prison in April , the affidavit said . Staake was released and put on probation on October 22 . McDonald did n't know why Martin was in a Florida prison , he said . "  When asked how he was able to convince Mr. Staake to participate , Mr. Martin stated he  Mr. Martin  was a very good manipulator , " the court document said . Martin also promised money and a Vermont farm as a hideout , the affidavit said . Martin remains under investigation and is in fact named in the affidavit as a conspirator in the Vermont plot . The affidavit was filed in Dona Ana County for seeking an arrest warrant against Staake . But Martin has n't been formally charged in any of the plots , McDonald said . "  For us , there 's no rush  for charges  as far as Martin is concerned because he 's serving life sentences anyway , " McDonald said . Media across the world have been calling McDonald . "  It 's been freaking crazy , " he said . "  But the good thing is we nipped this thing in the bud and we caught it before anyone was hurt . "  We 're definitely thankful -- we owe it to the guard at the correctional facility who caught these phone calls and got on it right away . That 's how we were able to catch these guys , " McDonald said . CNN 's Laura Ly and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's been freaking crazy , " police spokesman says of global interest in case NEW : Three men plot to castrate and kill Justin Bieber and three others , police say NEW : Plot masterminded by an imprisoned child killer with a Bieber tattoo , officials say NEW : Scheme unravels when two conspirators get lost at Canadian border
CNN  -- It 's not been an excellent year on television for LGBT characters . On Friday GLAAD released two of its reports , the seventh annual Network Responsibility Index and the 18th annual Where We Are on TV report , and none of the networks received an excellent rating for having diverse LGBT characters and stories . ABC , ABC Family , CW , FOX , MTV , NBC and Showtime were rated as "  good " ; CBS , FX , HBO , TLC , TNT and USA were "  adequate " ; and History and TBS received "  failing " marks . The ratings in the index were based on LGBT-inclusive content between June 2012 and May 2013 , while Where We Are on TV relied on a character count and analysis of scripted characters in the upcoming 2013-2014 season . According to the data , the percentage of primetime broadcast scripted LGBT series regulars dropped to 3.3 % from a record high of 4.4 % last season . There was diversity , however . The report showed that there will be an equal number of women and men among LGBT characters during the 2013-2014 broadcast season , which means the storylines are moving beyond just featuring white gay males . "  Last season was a stellar one when it comes to the sheer number of gay , lesbian and bisexual representations on television , though diversity within those storylines showed room for improvement , " said a statement from GLAAD 's Wilson Cruz . "  Though the number of LGBT characters dropped this season , shows like ` The Fosters , ' with an interracial female couple raising a family , and characters like Unique on ` Glee ' have not only moved the conversation about LGBT people forward , but are also a hit with audiences . " Some of the other findings include : "  Our television images not only reach American audiences , but countless others around the world , " Cruz said . "  It is time for the television networks to make new and groundbreaking LGBT stories a priority once again . "	GLAAD released two of its annual reports on television None of the networks received an "  excellent " rating Two networks were listed as "  failing "
CNN  -- By day , he dons a white lab coat . At the weekend , he terrorizes opposition teams in his bright red outfit . Even Humphrey Kayange struggles to define himself . On his Twitter biography , he asks : "  Rugby player/research officer or is it the other way around ? " In one walk of life , he is trying to help rid the world of disease as he works on new antibiotics at a British university . In another , he is one of the stars of the rugby sevens circuit , despite coming from a country best known for producing long-distance runners . For all his prowess both on and off the field , his nickname perhaps lacks imagination -- "  Tall " -- although at 6 foot 6 inches it must be said he lives up to the billing . While he has bedeviled opposition defenses on the HSBC IRB Sevens circuit , it is his less heralded work behind closed doors at Bristol University that is of the greater consequence . Broadly , his studies come under the banner of chemistry and math , but more specifically it is a research project on antibiotics . "  It 's a massive project at the university , " Kayange explains . "  We 're all trying to foresee antibiotics and developing resistance , so we 're looking into developing new drugs . "  It 's more to do with bacterial infections and it 's a very slow and steady process . " The 31-year-old says the research is funded by British pharmaceutical multinational GlaxoSmithKline , which trials the compounds and active ingredients that the chemists provide . "  There 's been some positive results but it 's a long process , " he says . "  The potential to do good things for human beings is amazing . It 's an interesting project to be a part of . " It may not seem likely on the surface but his rugby and chemistry are intertwined , even though most sevens specialists do n't have quite the same academic achievements on their CVs . It was while training at Bristol University with the Kenyan national team three years ago that he was spotted by rugby officials at the training facility . They were interested in his rugby skills as well as his chemistry qualities . So he applied for a place , was accepted and moved to the southwest city in February 2012 . He struggled initially to adapt to rugby life in a wintery England , being used to warmer climes on the sevens circuit . "  One weekend I was playing in the sunshine of Las Vegas or in a New Zealand winter , and next it was a mud bath in Bristol . England in February was a shock but I got used to it and love it . " His time in the city is coming to a close , with his thesis on examining tablets that are fed to fight bacteria drawing to its conclusion . It is something he has juggled alongside his rugby commitments but later this year the sevens will once again become the major focus as he builds towards the 2014 Commonwealth Games and , bigger yet , sevens ' debut at the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 . Rugby was not an obvious sporting choice for Kayange , who grew up in Eldoret in the Rift Valley , a region renowned for producing Kenya 's greatest long-distance runners . Many top athletes , such as double Olympic and world champion Mo Farah , go there to train each winter . "  Growing up there , all you saw were long-distance runners , a lot of them , " he says . "  Because of our history , everyone expects sportsmen from Kenya to be runners . " The long runs were never Kayange 's forte . A sprinter in his youth , unlike most of his peers , he wanted to run fast but only over short distances . The other sporting passion was football , played out in often dust-bowl conditions on the dry pitches of the East African nation . Rugby was a mere afterthought . "  I think I was 16 or 17 when I first played at high school , " he recalls . "  I was n't interested -- I 'd never really seen anyone play -- it was just a sport I had to try . I braced myself for it at first but , once I got used to the physicality of it , everything else was fine . "  It was so confusing with the rules when I first started . I really remember in my first game just concentrating on throwing the ball backwards . But I think I had a good first game as I just wanted to run . " He has kept on running to good effect ever since , scoring more than 130 tries in the international format for his country and starring in a series of victories against some of the true powerhouses of the sport . In fact , his family has produced three rugby stars -- Kayange 's brothers Collins Injera and Michael Agevi also play for Kenya . Injera is his country 's top try scorer and is third on the IRB Sevens ' all-time list with 183 ahead of the next leg in Scotland next month . The Kenyans arguably first made a global name for themselves with their on and off-field theatrics -- they often perform a dance after competitions -- which earned them the tag of "  everyone 's second favorite team . " "  I think we 're quite different as a team , we love our running rugby , it 's quite instinctive and everyone tends to love it , " Kayange says . "  We 've also come a long way in the sport and have been getting some good results . " The next step is for greater consistency in their results against the top teams , plus to have Commonwealth and Olympic aspirations . A proposal has been lodged to host a leg of the HSBC Sevens World Series but it has not been helped by ongoing security fears in Nairobi following last year 's terrorist attack on the capital 's Westgate shopping mall , when 72 people were killed . At the time , Kayange was playing with his compatriots and visiting teams from abroad on the other side of the city in the Safari Sevens . "  It was almost the end of the day when we first heard news of what was happening , " he recalls . "  By the time we got back to our hotel , we only then properly heard the news . We 've just been running up and down a rugby field and something this terrible had been happening . "  Thankfully , I did n't have any close friends or family in there . I knew of one guy who was there hiding in the basement . He was stuck in there for 12 hours but got out okay . Can you imagine going through that ? " The impact on the country was immediate . Tourism is undoubtedly down and , in terms of rugby spectators , it dropped from 20,000 for the first day to a mere 2,000 -- throwing doubt over a potential place on the sevens calendar . "  I can understand that as teams going to another place need to feel safe , that is No. 1 , " Kayange says . With rugby and chemistry , Kayange -- who was named an IRB Sevens anti-doping ambassador in 2010 -- has set his sights on making the world a safer place . His work in science will go on , whether that 's in the UK or Kenya when his research project ends . As for his rugby playing , he has set his sights on the Rio Games after which , if fit and selected , he looks set to end his remarkable sevens journey . Watch : The secrets to creating the world 's best runners in Kenya	Humphrey Kayange is the star turn in Kenya 's rugby sevens team But in his day job he works on research into improving antibiotics to fight disease Kayange hails from the Rift Valley , an area renowned for long-distance running not rugby Terrorist atrocities put bid for Kenyan IRB Sevens event under threat , he admits
CNN  -- One day before the unofficial "  Star Wars " holiday in May , an R2-D2 replica wheeled through the front door of the Smiley family home in Bangor , Maine , to the delight of the three young "  Star Wars " fans in the house . "  May the fourth be with you ! " exclaimed 5-year-old Lindell Smiley , decked out in full Luke Skywalker gear . In a house filled with excited shouts , it was n't apparent that a very important person was missing from the packed dinner table . But R2-D2 had a special surprise . The robot projected a video of deployed Navy pilot Dustin Smiley , father to Ford , Owen , and Lindell . His sons were shocked into momentary silence as they watched . In the video , Dustin Smiley told his family that he loved them and implored his boys to congratulate their mother on her graduation from a master 's program at the University of Maine . Welcome to "  Dinner with the Smileys . " Sarah Smiley is a Navy wife , syndicated columnist and author . She has already made it through two of her husband 's deployments , first in 2001 and again in 2003 . His current 13-month stint overseas , which began in November , is his longest yet . She used to mark his absence by the number of times that she had to take out the trash . "  But that ends up not being a good way to count , because I take out the trash when he 's home , too , " she smiled . Her sons Ford , Owen , and Lindell are now ages 11 , 9 , and 5 , respectively , and she wanted to mark their dad 's absence with something special that would fill up their time while he was overseas . Dinner can be a lonely time when he is away , she said . Before Dustin Smiley left , the children told their mom that they would be sad to see their dad 's empty chair at the dinner table . She told them that they could fill his seat with family and friends . "  It just kind of grew from there , " she said . So , now the Smileys each take a turn inviting a special guest to dinner every week for 52 weeks until dad returns . Sen. Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , was the first official guest in January , and she talked to the deployed dad by video chat . It was 11-year-old son Ford 's idea to send the invitation to Collins . Now it 's off to the races : "  My kids got it in their head that they could invite anybody they wanted , if a senator came , " Sarah Smiley said . News of the Smileys ' project spread all the way to Washington through her column and her Facebook page . "  The White House contacted us and said that they loved this project and they 'd love to be a part of it , " she said . "  So my son sent a letter to the president and the vice president and invited them to dinner . " The standing rule is one special guest per dinner  the invited guest gets a "  plus one "  , but when it comes to the highest office in the land , the kids will make a few concessions . "  My son said in the letter , ` Usually we invite one guest and tell them they can bring a guest , but we 'll make an exception if you would like to bring your wives and your children , " Sarah Smiley said . Jill Biden even responded to the invitation with a thank you note . Sarah Smiley wo n't reveal the identities of future guests to the public , but she drops hints on their Facebook page . "  As much as I want to tell people who 's coming next , I know it 's been a fun thing for people in the community to guess so I have to keep my mouth shut , " she said . Sarah Smiley did indicate that they have some exciting guests who are "  involved with professional sports " lined up this summer . "  It 's just killing -LSB- Dustin -RSB- that he 's not here for those dinners , " she said . She plans to invite all of their guests back to a big celebration once he 's had a chance to settle back in after his return in December . Often , the family has lower-profile but just as meaningful guests over . When 5-year-old Lindell 's turn came to pick whom to invite , he selected his preschool teacher . His teacher initially hesitated , unsure about living up to the star power of other visitors , but Sarah Smiley insisted that she would make a wonderful guest . "  To my son , having his preschool teacher was pretty much like having Elvis or the president . He thought that was just amazing , " she said . They 've also met with neighbors , the town 's police chief , members of the University of Maine hockey team and a cancer survivor . All of the visits are photographed by Andrea Hand and chronicled on the "  Dinner with the Smileys " Facebook page . Sarah Smiley is always asked how she can possibly arrange a dinner party every week . "  I 'm not a cook ... I 'm serving people lasagna , spaghetti . There are a couple of times that we 've gone out to restaurants . So there 's nothing fancy at all and my house is never clean , " she said . "  It 's truly real life , exactly as we would be eating dinner if we did n't have someone there . " She said that people worry too much about presenting a perfect home and miss out on important opportunities to share memories with friends and family . "  I 've never apologized to our guests , " she said , but then backtracked . "  We had our minister to dinner . The kids truly had a knock-down , drag-out wrestling match on the living room floor . I did apologize that night . " The entire family feels her husband 's absence . "  I think it 's hardest on my oldest son because he 's right at the preteen years , " said Sarah Smiley . "  My middle son just got on the little league team . So there 's a lot of ways that for the older boys they really need their dad right now . " She said that the boys ' emotions about their dad come out in different , and subtle , ways : "  You look back in hindsight and you say , ` That was n't like him , and I wonder if it 's because his dad is gone . ' " Sarah and Dustin Smiley met when their fathers flew together in the same Navy squadron . She was born while her father was deployed , so she said that she actually met her husband , while they were babies , before she met her father . Despite all of the unique guests and experiences the Smileys have had , the guest that the family looks forward to most is the one they 'll have at their table on the 53rd week . That 's when Dustin Smiley comes home .	Sarah Smiley is a writer and mom whose Navy husband is deployed for 13 months Sarah suggested that her sons invite special guests to fill Dad 's place at the dinner table The Smileys have hosted a Maine senator , a police chief and a cancer survivor
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Four suspects indicted on murder and burglary charges in the slaying of Washington Redskins star Sean Taylor begin their journey through the courts on Wednesday . A grand jury identified Eric Rivera Jr. as the shooter in the death of NFL star Sean Taylor . Court documents say the youngest is alleged to have fired the fatal shot . He is identified as Eric Rivera Jr. , 17 . He appeared briefly on Wednesday morning before a judge in Miami , Florida . Rivera has been indicted as an adult and Judge John Thornton found probable cause to support charges of first degree felony murder and burglary with assault or battery with a firearm . Three other suspects -- Venjah K. Hunte , 20 , Jason Scott Mitchell , 19 , and Charles Kendrick Lee Wardlow , 18 -- appeared Tuesday in court via videoconference . They wore thick green vests , which defense attorneys said were suicide safety smocks . They were ordered held without bail at the Pre-Trial Detention Center in Miami , Florida , where Corrections Officer Janelle Hall said they are under suicide watch . All four suspects are expected to make initial appearances later this morning before Circuit Judge Dennis Murphy . Watch CNN 's Rick Sanchez speak to attorneys for two of the suspects " Rivera was armed during the alleged burglary , and "  during the course of the commission of the offense ... discharged a firearm and as a result of the discharge , death or great bodily harm was inflicted upon Sean Maurice Taylor , a human being , " the indictment says . The four men were arrested Friday , officials said . Taylor , 24 , died a day after he was shot during an apparent burglary at his home . Miami-Dade police investigators said they believe the burglars thought the house was empty . Thousands of mourners attended Taylor 's funeral Monday at Florida International University 's arena . See photos from the funeral " Police said Taylor and his girlfriend , Jackie Garcia , were awakened by noise coming from the living room early November 26 . Taylor got up and locked the bedroom door , but the door was kicked in and two shots were fired , police said . One struck Taylor in the leg . Garcia and the couple 's 18-month-old daughter were not hurt . Authorities have said Garcia told police she was hiding under the bedding during the attack , did not see what happened and could not provide a suspect description . A break-in had been reported at Taylor 's residence eight days earlier . A police report from that incident said someone forced a window open and left a kitchen knife on a bed . Several drawers and a bedroom safe were searched during the break-in , according to the report . Taylor spent four years with the Redskins , earning his first Pro Bowl selection in 2006 . He suffered a sprained right knee in a November 11 loss to the Philadelphia Eagles and had not played since . The 2004 first-round draft pick played at the University of Miami , where he was an All-American in 2003 . He was regarded as one of the hardest-hitting players in the NFL . E-mail to a friend CNN 's John Couwels , Kim Segal , and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	NEW : 17-year-old alleged shooter appears in Miami courtroom NEW : Eric Rivera Jr. will be tried as an adult Three adult suspects in Sean Taylor slaying on suicide watch Taylor died after being shot in home invasion last week
CNN  -- In less than a month , Jay Leno will pass the "  Tonight Show " torch to Jimmy Fallon . But before he does , Leno will have him on as a special guest . NBC has confirmed that Fallon will have a seat on Leno 's "  Tonight Show " couch on February 3 , which will kickoff Leno 's final week . Matthew McConaughey , Charles Barkley , Sandra Bullock and Betty White are also scheduled to stop by to help Leno bid adieu to his 22-year run . On February 6 , Leno 's final night , he 'll be joined by his first-ever "  Tonight Show " guest , Billy Crystal . The iconic program will then pick up and move across the country back to its old home in New York City , with Fallon preparing to become its new host on February 17 . Will Smith has been lined up as Fallon 's first guest , with U2 slated to perform . And after Fallon settles in at "  Tonight , " another "  Saturday Night Live " star , Seth Meyers , will take over hosting duties for "  Late Night . " His debut will be on February 24 with former "  SNL " alum and "  Parks and Recreation " star Amy Poehler as his first guest . Meyers ' last night at "  SNL " will be February 1 . Jay Leno 's farewell : His best punchlines Opinion : What Leno leaves behind	Jay Leno is preparing to pass the "  Tonight Show " torch to Jimmy Fallon Fallon will be a guest on "  Tonight " February 3 That will launch Leno 's farewell week Leno 's last night on "  Tonight " will be February 6
CNN  -- President Robert Mugabe 's Zanu PF party dismissed Monday a "  confidential " cable released by WikiLeaks that claims the Zimbabwean leader has cancer . WikiLeaks claimed Friday that Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe Governor Gideon Gono had told the former U.S. ambassador Christopher Dell during a private meeting in 2006 that Mugabe had prostate cancer that had spread to other organs . "  If he was that ill  in 2006  , how come he is still going strong ? I have seen him for a long time and even last week , he has no health problems . There is a lot of things that are not true in that , " said Rugare Gumbo , Zanu PF spokesperson , referring to the WikiLeaks cable . The cables claimed that Grace , Mugabe 's wife , had told Gono that the 87-year-old was "  out of it about 75 % of the time . " "  The governor  Gono  confided that Mugabe appeared to be deteriorating mentally and losing his capacity to balance factional interests , " Dell wrote in his report after meeting Gono who has repeatedly denied claims of having an affair with Grace . "  She  Grace  wanted him  Mugabe  to step down . " Gono did not answer several calls made to him by CNN .	Zimbabwe leader has no health problems , party spokesman says Cable says ex-U.S. envoy told in 2006 that Mugabe has prostate cancer Mugabe 's wife said he was "  out of it , " cable says
CNN  -- Unseeded Frenchwoman Aravane Rezai produced one of the shocks of the year on Sunday by defeating favorite Venus Williams in straight sets to win the final of the Madrid Open . The 23-year-old Rezai -- who had only claimed WTA Tour titles at Strasbourg and Bali prior to Madrid -- continued her remarkable week with a 6-2 7-5 victory , adding Williams ' scalp to her earlier surprise victories over former world number one 's Junstine Henin and Jelena Jankovic . Williams , who returns to No. 2 in the world behind younger sister Serena on Monday , lost the opening set in just 27 minutes and then failed to take advantage of a 4-1 lead in the second set . "  I just can not believe this , " world number 24 Rezai -- who must now enter calculations for the French Open -- told reporters . "  Venus played very well and I 've always respected her as a player and a champion . I just tried my best today and it worked well for me . " Williams , who was looking to secure her 44th career title , only converted two of her 13 break points in the match -- a statistic that contributed greatly to her defeat .	Unseeded Aravane Rezai claims victory in the Madrid Open final on Sunday Rezai secures a stunning straight sets win over favorite Venus Williams The success gives the 23-year-old Frenchwoman just the third title of her career
A 34-year-old man originally charged in the kidnapping of a New Hampshire teen is now facing 205 additional charges , according to two grand jury rulings . Nathaniel E. Kibby , arrested in July and charged with one count of felony kidnapping , is facing a litany of charges including aggravated felonious sexual assault , witness tampering , second degree assault , criminal threatening , felonious use of a firearm , indecent exposure and kidnapping . Court papers released Wednesday say Kibby showed the victim a rifle and told her he could hurt her family , bystanders and police if she provided information about his identity . Additionally , Kibby is accused of forcing the victim to wear an anti-bark shock dog collar for a period , scarring her neck . CNN does not report the names of alleged sexual assault victims . The kidnapping case drew national attention when the then-14-year-old victim went missing in fall 2013 . Two months after her disappearance , a letter purported to be from the missing teenager was sent to her mother , sparking fears she could be in danger . The mystery deepened about her ordeal when she turned up safe more than nine months after she was last seen with few additional details given by authorities . Kibby will be arraigned on January 8 in Coos County , where the victim was held , and January 9 in Carroll County , where the victim was taken , according to prosecutors . In a statement released after her return in July , the victim thanked those who searched for her while she was missing . "  My gratitude is beyond words . It 's an incredible feeling to be home and I believe in my heart that your hopes and prayers played a major role in my release , " she said .	Kibby , arrested in July , faces more than 200 charges He is accused of kidnapping a 14-year-old New Hampshire girl Kibby is accused of forcing the victim to wear an anti-bark shock dog collar
Atlanta  CNN  -- Call it a crisis of faith . A co-worker and I walked into the office break room Wednesday , national Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day , to find a dozen or so foil-wrapped sandwiches beckoning us from the counter . This being Atlanta , home of Chick-fil-A , we recognized them immediately , and a closer look at the puck-sized packages bearing the iconic scribbled red logo confirmed our suspicions -- and deepened our paranoia . "  Is this a trick ? " my co-worker asked as he stood frozen in front of the counter . "  Will someone judge me if they see me eating one ? " We had no idea where they had come from and still do n't , but our break room is often the dumping ground of leftovers from business meetings where food is served . I also froze in silence because I knew that the answer was yes , some would judge him , at least for the time being , while the company 's stance on same-sex marriage is in the spotlight , sparking impassioned op-eds and fiery debate on cable news networks and Facebook Walls across the country . Supporters on both sides of the debate have staged demonstrations , starting with Wednesday 's appreciation day and Friday 's same-sex "  kiss day " at Chick-fil-A restaurants across the country . Are you going to "  kiss day " at Chick-fil-A ? Share your story with CNN iReport Ever since Truett Cathy opened the first Chick-fil-A Restaurant at a mall in suburban Atlanta in 1967 , the company has made no secret of its dedication to Christian values . Its corporate purpose is to "  glorify God by being a faithful steward of all that is entrusted to us " and "  to have a positive influence on all who come in contact with Chick-fil-A . " All of its locations are closed on Sunday . Chick-fil-A controversy shines light on company 's charitable giving Within this context , many Americans -- including residents of Atlanta , the ninth "  gayest " American city in 2012 , according The Advocate magazine -- have chosen either to enjoy Chick-fil-A 's sandwich variations or to not patronize the restaurant because of its values . Or , you might be like one of my gay friends , who would ask others to stand in line for his Chick-fil-A lunch , lest his boyfriend find out . But for many , COO Dan Cathy 's recent comment that he supports the "  biblical definition of the family unit " has forced their hands , compelling them to publicly choose a side and politicize their eating habits . Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day was proposed by former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee in an effort to show support for the company 's viewpoint . Those who chose to support Chick-fil-A on Wednesday led to record-breaking sales , the company said , though it did not provide specific sales numbers . "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day was not a company promotion ; it was initiated by others , " said Steve Robinson , executive vice president for marketing , in a statement Thursday . "  The Chick-fil-A culture and service tradition in our restaurants is to treat every person with honor , dignity and respect , regardless of their belief , race , creed , sexual orientation or gender . " Time will tell whether Chick-fil-A suffers any actual fallout from the controversy or if it 's just another "  media-driven controversy , " as some have suggested . After all , Ben & Jerry 's is still going strong despite coming out in support of same-sex marriage with flavors like Apple-y Ever After and Chubby Hubby . Californians still swear by In-N-Out Burger regardless of whether their burger comes with a large drink and a citation from a Bible passage . In the meantime , both sides have fanned the flames with high-profile demonstrations and heated rhetoric . Others are left somewhere in the middle , still craving an original chicken sandwich but reluctant to subject themselves to the scrutiny of friends and colleagues , like my co-worker . Heather Roberts of Sugar Land , Texas , made a point of patronizing at Chick-fil-A on Wednesday while visiting Atlanta for a conference . "  We wanted to eat here today , especially to show support not just for Christian values but for his right to express his beliefs , " Roberts said shortly after finishing a chicken sandwich and waffle fries from a Chick-fil-A stand in the CNN Center food court . She said she shared Cathy 's position on same-sex marriage , acknowledging that if the controversy centered around his support for it , she would n't have participated in appreciation day . Normally , though , she eats at her local Chick-fil-A at least once a week because she appreciates the food and the customer service -- not because of its Christian values . "  I 'm allowed to eat where I want , " she said . "  We need to be appreciative that we live in a country where we can say what we want and eat where we want . " Even some people who oppose Cathy 's views did n't feel the need to boycott the restaurant , especially if those views do n't lead to discrimination against customers or employees . "  I do n't agree with the owners ' beliefs , but they publicly state that they will serve all who enter the door , " CNN commenter Doug Barger said . "  I believe in religious freedom , " the Greenwood , Ohio , resident wrote in an e-mail . "  Because the owner 's personal opinions differ from mine points to a healthy society . " For many , Cathy 's views are secondary to his right express them , even among members of the LGBT community . "  Mr. Cathy has been unfairly attacked for his statement that he does n't support same-sex marriage , " said Matt Zieminski , a 20-year-old iReporter from California . "  As a gay man , I say , let him not support gays . When the gay community and gay activist groups push on anti-gay people and organizations to change their minds and opinions via bullying or forced involvement , I fear it would make whatever accomplishments taste cheap like a greasy coin . Ultimately , the acceptance of the gay community and the right of gays to marry will not be achieved through violent means , physical and verbal , but through peaceful and honest negotiations . " How the Chick-fil-A same-sex marriage controversy has evolved Predictably , Cathy 's stance on same-sex marriage kept others away Wednesday . "  I think the  COO  has made eating at Chick-fil-A a political statement . I would n't  have  had a problem eating there before , but now that the restaurant has turned into a campaign to bash the rights of the LGBT community , I realize I can put my money somewhere else , " CNN commenter Wade Pierson said . "  As a born-again gay Christian , it saddens me to see Christians feeding into politics . Politics just divides people and stirs up a lot of anger . " As counterprotests in the form of "  kiss-ins " take shape Friday , some would just as soon stay away from Chick-fil-A this week to avoid making the act of eating chicken political . "  Both sides have very good points , but both sides are also wrong , and they 're both making this into something far bigger than it needs to be , " said an Atlanta-based CNN commenter who preferred not to be named . "  Both sides just quite honestly need to grow up and stop acting like 2-year-olds just because somebody said something they did n't like . " The Atlanta resident says she does not plan to boycott the chain altogether because she agrees with both sides . And she likes the food . Plus , if you start boycotting Chick-fil-A because you disagree with the COO 's views , how far will you take your principles ? "  I 'm very impressed with people that try to avoid right-wing companies from profiting off of them . Trying to avoid Koch products would be really hard . I mean , they even make asphalt ! " a friend said in response to my Facebook question , "  are you conflicted over buying Chick-fil-A ? " "  It 's not a political issue for me . I think it 's more of a way for people to define themselves in front of their friends , " she said . "  It reminds me a lot of KONY , people getting riled up over something as a way to define themselves . " As for my co-worker , he quickly gobbled down his sandwich in the break room while we speculated over where they might have come from . He finished it before others entered the room , tsking as they pulled out their smartphones to take pictures . Two hours later , the rest of the sandwiches were gone . Complete coverage : Chick-fil-A debate CNN 's Nicole Saidi contributed to this report .	In wake of Chick-fil-A COO 's comment , Americans choose sides and politicize eating habits Others prefer to avoid controversy or quietly agonize over whether to patronize chain Many say views are secondary to the right to express them , even within LGBT community
There are more than 7,000 islands and reefs sprinkled throughout the Caribbean Sea . Is n't it time you explored some place new ? We 've unearthed six singular destinations where you can stake out your own quiet stretch of sand . Isla de Providencia , Colombia The residents of Providencia , a 25-minute flight from neighboring San Andrés Island , make much of their association with Sir Henry Morgan , the 17th-century swashbuckler de picted on rum bottles worldwide . As well they should : Only a 492-foot-long floating bridge separates Providencia from Santa Catalina , one of Morgan 's favorite bases . A quarter-mile hike to the top of Providencia 's El Pico yields 360-degree views of pristine rain forests and of the area where Morgan hid his loot . Near Aguadulce Bay , Hotel El Pirata Morgan 's 27 rooms have private balconies , many overlooking the pool  011-57/8 -514 -8232 , from $ 62  . About four miles away at Playa Manzanillo , Roland Roots Bar hosts beach parties with reggae music and drinks served in coconut shells  no phone , from $ 7.75  . Comarca Kuna Yala , Panama One of Panama 's largest indigenous groups , the Kuna people have lived on the Comarca Kuna Yala chain of more than 350 islands and coral cays since the 1600s . Kuna women make and sell molas , swatches of hand-embroidered cloth in vivid purples , reds , and blues that are typically made into garments . The men spend their days fishing for grouper and mackerel and leading visitors on boat trips to the archipelago 's dozens of uninhabited islands , some barely 100 yards wide . Many hotels here offer immersive , all-inclusive experiences . At Cabañas Uaguinega on Achutupu Island , 45 minutes from Panama City by air , the rate for a bamboo-walled , solar-powered cabin covers two tours or cultural outings daily and all meals  uaguinega.com , from $ 140 per person  . Water Island , U.S. Virgin Islands To call Heidi 's Honeymoon Grill a restaurant would be an overstatement it 's a food truck that parks on the beach and serves patrons seated at picnic tables but it 's about as close to an actual restaurant as you 'll get on this 490-acre speck of land a 10-minute ferry ride from St. Thomas . Honeymoon Beach serves as the unofficial community center for Water Island 's 161 residents , hosting Monday night golf-cart drive-in movies , Wednesday night bingo , and candlelit gourmet dinners catered by Heidi 's on Saturday evenings  340/777 -5288 , $ 25  . Most people stay in one of the more than a dozen vacation homes  vrbo.com , from $ 1,200 for a week  . Budget Travel : The Dominican Republic 's last frontier Anegada , British Virgin Islands The 32-mile Horseshoe Reef surrounds tiny Anegada , a low-slung coral atoll that 's a 12-minute flight from Beef Island . What the reef means for travelers is a lot more than great snorkeling ; it protects some of the longest beaches in the British Virgin Islands and has also netted 200-plus shipwrecks , ripe for divers ' explorations . Pomato Point Restaurant , on the southwest shore , is known as much for its museum of shipwreck artifacts as it is for its swordfish and conch dishes  284/495 -9466 , entrées from $ 20  . At the nearby Neptune 's Treasure hotel , paintings of boats on stormy seas hang in the nine rooms , set about 150 feet from the water  neptunestreasure.com , from $ 95  . Terre-de-Haut , Guadeloupe You could be forgiven a double take upon arriving at Terre-de-Haut , a 45-minute ferry ride from Grande-Terre , Guadeloupe : It 's like a slice of northwestern France , with goats nibbling scrubby plants on the hillsides and a culture steeped in the ways of early settlers from Brittany . In the villages , fishermen still mend nets on their front porches , while women sell tropical fruit tarts  called tourment d'amour  from wicker baskets . Even the 12 guest rooms at Auberge Les Petits Saints are decorated with French antiques  petitssaints.com , from $ 131  . But it 's not all about old times a cosmopolitan yachting crowd regularly drops anchor  and their swimsuits  at the west coast 's Anse Crawen beach . Budget Travel : Nonstop Caribbean : Fly right to the beach Carriacou , Grenada There 's no need to worry about high-rise resorts blocking your view on this 13-square-mile island a 22-minute flight from Grenada ; unwritten law forbids building a hotel taller than the average palm tree . Near Hillsborough , on the island 's west coast , the appropriately sized Green Roof Inn rents six rooms and two cottages with Wi-Fi and sea-view verandas  greenroofinn.com , from $ 70  . Carriacou is also known for the easy coexistence of cultural traditions passed down by both West African slaves and early 19th-century Scottish settlers . Ritual "  big drum " dances remain a vital part of life here ; they 're performed for funerals and festivals , including the Carriacou Regatta , in which sailors race boats built according to old Irish and Scottish shipwrights ' plans . Flight and ferry news In October , US Airways increased nonstop service from Philadelphia to Barbados , and JetBlue added flights from New York City to St. Lucia and Barbados . The same month , ferry company Bedy Oceanline launched new daily routes connecting those two islands with Grenada , St. Vincent , and Trinidad  bedytravel.com , from $ 90 round trip  . For a full list of nonstop flights to the Caribbean , see our Nonstop Caribbean tool . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip . Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Check out these six destinations to escape the winter cold More than 7,000 islands and reefs are sprinkled across the Caribbean Sea List includes places in Panama , Grenada , Colombia
Turkish Airlines has gone from strength to strength in recent years , adding new routes across Europe and Asia as well as expanding into Africa . A new multi-billion dollar hub airport in the works in Istanbul means this impressive growth story will soon be given yet another boost . But with many ambitious competitors also expanding across the Gulf and the Middle East , can the Turkish aviation vision continue to soar ? John Defterios spoke to the airline 's CEO , Temel Kotil , to find out . Below is an edited version of their conversation . John Defterios  JD  : Why do you think there is so much growth coming out of Turkey ? Temel Kotil  TK  : The airline business is so big and economies are growing in East Asia , Africa and Europe which is feeding us so we are going to grow . This is very simple . JD : When do you get to the point when the market is too saturated as there are also many expanding hubs across the Middle East and particularly in the Gulf states ? TK : That 's the beauty of the airline business . There are about 3.1 billion travelers and by 2030 that will be between seven or eight billion , so there are more coming . We are growing at 18 % . Our friends in the Gulf are growing at about 10 % to 15 % . What is happening is that passengers are floating  between carriers  . So you have the option to go from City X in Europe to City Y in Asia to go via Istanbul , via Dubai , via Abu Dhabi and so on . Who will become the winner will be the airline who loves the passengers . We love the passengers . We are the best airline in Europe for the last two years . Hopefully we will continue that but who knows ? We will work hard . It 's a big business and it 's a big market . If we are good we can become the winner .  Having a  good brand , quality , prices , network , size ; this matters . JD : You 're building major infrastructure in Istanbul with a third airport that has a $ 35 billion price tag . Some say this is grandiosity and that you do n't really need an airport of that size . How do you counter these critics ? TK : No , we need it . From Istanbul we have to cover the whole of Europe . We have more than 100 destinations coming as a European carrier . We  also  cover the whole of the Middle East , Africa , northern Africa , Central Africa all through Central Asia . This means Turkish Airlines becomes a nice feeder from Istanbul . By 2023 , depending upon ourselves will be ... 120 million  passengers every year  . Because of this ... you can make a big investment in the airport . We can  combine these bigger airports with the passenger capabilities of the Turkish Airlines . History will change . The Asian carriers who are feeding the other hubs  just now  they will appear in Istanbul . Today they want to fly to Istanbul but because of capacity concerns they are not coming . Turkey is a growing country . The cost issue is not a problem because of the volume from Turkish Airlines is already put on the table already .	Turkish Airlines expanding into Asia , Europe and Africa New hub airport in Istanbul with first stage set to open in 2017 Aviation industry set to expand dramatically by 2030
CNN  -- Taylor Farms has recalled more than 5,000 pounds of broccoli salad kit products because of possible Listeria contamination , the U.S. Department of Agriculture said . The kits were shipped to distributors and delis for consumer purchase in Connecticut , Delaware , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Jersey , New York and Vermont . They contain dressing in packets that are the subject of a Food and Drug Administration recall . Last week , Listeria concerns prompted Reser 's Fine Foods to recall some 109,000 cases of refrigerated ready-to-eat products . Taylor Farms informed the USDA 's Food Safety and Inspection Service that kits contained salad dressing subject to that recall . There have been no reports of illnesses . Recalled products include boxes labeled "  TAYLOR FARMS BROCCOLI CRUNCH WITH BACON AND DRESSING , " with the case codes 310151 or 310153 , the USDA said in a statement . The products were produced on October 21 , 22 and 23 . They bear the establishment number EST. 34522 inside the USDA mark of inspection . The bacterium Listeria monocytogenes can cause listeriosis , a serious infection . Listeriosis typically affects older adults , pregnant women , infants and adults with compromised immune systems . Symptoms include fever and muscle aches , and sometimes diarrhea or other gastrointestinal problems . Other symptoms can include headache , confusion and convulsions . It can be treated with antibiotics .	Taylor Farms recalls more than 5,000 pounds of broccoli salad kit products There have been no reports of illnesses Listeriosis typically affects elderly , pregnant women , infants
CNN  -- While suspended star striker Wayne Rooney was recovering from a hair transplant , England 's hopes of automatic qualification for Euro 2012 suffered a blow on Saturday as Switzerland claimed at 2-2 draw at London 's Wembley Stadium . The balding Manchester United player , who was booked in March 's win over Wales to trigger the ban , revealed on Twitter before kickoff that he had used his time off to visit a hair specialist . "  Just to confirm to all my followers I have had a hair transplant . I was going bald at 25 , why not . I 'm delighted with the result , " he wrote on the social networking website . "  It 's still a bit bruised and swollen when it dies down u will be first to see it . Anyone recommend any good hair gel . Haha . " France held by Belarus in Euro 2012 qualifier It was more serious for Fabio Capello 's team , who had to come from two goals down after goalkeeper Joe Hart was badly caught out by two free-kicks from Tranquillo Barnetta just after half an hour . Frank Lampard reduced the deficit with a penalty before halftime and his replacement Ashley Young leveled soon after coming on at the interval . The result meant Montenegro joined England on 11 points at the top of Group G after five games after also being held at home , 1-1 by Bulgaria . Bulgaria and the Swiss have little chance of earning second place and a berth in the playoffs , with both nations having five points with three matches left . England next travel to Bulgaria on September 2 , when Montenegro visit pointless bottom nation Wales . Hart looked on in bemusement as Barnetta 's curling set-piece drifted past his defenders and into the far corner in the 32nd minute , and he was caught out at the near post by the same player from wide out on the left soon after . However , Lampard made it 2-1 in the 36th minute when Jack Wilshere was fouled in the box by his Arsenal teammate Johan Djourou , and Young leveled six minutes after his halftime introduction after being set up by fellow substitute Leighton Baines . Striker Darren Bent blazed over the bar when he should have hit the target for England with 20 minutes left , and both teams went close in the closing stages . England manager Capello said his players were tired after a long season . "  You can see the Switzerland players were fresher . They have had a different season , " the Italian said . "  We had three clear chances to score goals but at the end of the game , in the last 10 minutes , some players were without energy . " Slovakia , Russia and the Republic of Ireland are tied on 13 points at the top of Group B after all three won on Saturday . Slovakia edged a 1-0 win at home to bottom nation as striker Robert Vittek scored the only goal in the 63rd minute . Russia triumphed 3-1 at home to Armenia thanks to a hat-trick from striker Roman Pavlyuchenko , while the Irish defeated Macedonia 2-0 away as skipper Robbie Keane netted both goals to pass a half-century in internationals . Greece returned to the top of Group F with a 3-1 victory over Malta , with two goals from young attacking talent Giannis Fetfatzidis and another by teenage debutant Kyriakos Papadopoulos . That moved the Greeks a point above Croatia , who were joined on 12 by Israel following that nation 's 2-1 win in Latvia . Midfielder Yossi Benayoun and Tal Ben Haim , with a penalty , scored in the first half to keep Israel 's qualification bid alive . Group H also has a three-way tie at the top with Portugal , Denmark and Norway battling for automatic qualification . Portugal beat Norway 1-0 at home as striker Helder Postiga scored the only goal eight minutes after halftime . Denmark joined them on 10 points , winning 2-0 in Iceland thanks to second-half goals from Lasse Schone and Christian Eriksen . In a friendly international , five-time World Cup winners Brazil drew 0-0 with three-time runners-up the Netherlands . The home team had midfielder Ramires sent off in the 79th minute for his second booking . Current world champions Spain crushed the United States 4-0 in Massacheusetts as Santi Cazorla scored twice , with the other goals coming from fellow striker Alvaro Negredo and his halftime replacement Fernando Torres . The U.S. upset Spain in the semifinals 2009 Confederations Cup , but this time conceded three goals in 13 minutes from just before the half-hour mark . Spain visited in a warm-up match for the Americans ahead of the CONCACAF Gold Cup tournament which the U.S. is hosting this month .	England held 2-2 at home by Switzerland in absence of suspended Wayne Rooney Manchester United striker reveals that he used his time off to get a hair transplant Group G leaders England level on points with Montenegro , held 1-1 by Bulgaria Groups B and H have three-way ties at the top of the points standings
One month after the shooting death of Trayvon Martin , nearly three out of four Americans say the police should arrest the neighborhood watch volunteer who pulled the trigger , according to a new national survey . And the CNN/ORC International poll released Monday also indicates that three-quarters of the public says that neighborhood watch members should not be allowed to carry weapons . Seventy-three percent of people questioned in the survey say that George Zimmerman should be arrested , with 11 % disagreeing and 16 % unsure . Zimmerman admits to shooting and killing Martin , an unarmed African-American teenager , in Sanford , Florida , on February 26 . Calls for justice rage on in Trayvon Martin 's killing Zimmerman , 28 , claims Martin attacked him and he shot in self-defense , according to police . Martin 's family and supporters say the unarmed 17-year-old was no more threatening than the bag of Skittles candy and the iced tea he was carrying . The shooting has grabbed national headlines and has renewed the national conversation about race relations , gun laws , and even how young men dress . It sparked a national furor that reached all the way to the White House , prompting President Barack Obama last week to call for national soul-searching to discover how something so tragic could happen . Protests continue Monday , with rallies planned for major cities across the country . Are you attending a rally ? Tell us why you march for Trayvon Zimmerman is a white Hispanic , and family and supporters of Martin believe race was an issue in the shooting . Zimmerman 's family say he has been mistakenly portrayed as racist . A special prosecutor is investigating the case , with a grand jury scheduled to begin deliberations on April 10 . The prosecutor , Angela Corey , said last week that she does not know if a grand jury will be necessary . "  Nearly two-thirds of whites and 86 % of non-whites say Zimmerman should be arrested , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland , "  as well as majorities of Republicans , Democrats and independent voters . " Sanford authorities say they could not arrest Zimmerman under Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force to defend themselves anywhere they feel a reasonable fear of death or serious injury . The evidence police had at the time did n't allow for an arrest , police have said . Zimmerman 's attorney said Sunday that after reviewing Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , he believes it applies to the situation and that his client is innocent . Shooting renews debate over ` stand your ground ' laws Zimmerman said he was driving in his gated community when he saw Martin walking and called 911 to report a suspicious person . He told the dispatcher he was following the teen , but the dispatcher told him that was n't necessary . Moments later , several neighbors called 911 to report a commotion outside , and police arrived to find Martin dead of a gunshot wound . The survey indicates that 55 % of all Americans approve of so-called "  stand your ground " laws , although there is a big gender gap on that question , with men approving of the laws 64 % -34 % and women opposing the measures 52 % -46 % . According to the poll , only one in five believe that neighborhood watch members should carry guns , with 76 % saying they should not be allowed to be armed . The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International on Saturday and Sunday , with 1,014 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points .	73 % in CNN/ORC International poll say George Zimmerman should be arrested 55 % of the respondents approve of so-called "  stand your ground " laws , 76 % say neighborhood watch members should not be allowed to be armed
LIMA , Peru  CNN  -- Seven children and two teachers were killed Monday when a bridge collapsed in southern Peru , according to a health department official . Fifty-five others were injured in the incident , which occurred near a school in Peru 's Ayacucho province , said Director Maria Torrealba . Further details were not immediately available , nor were the conditions of those injured in the incident . Journalist Maribel Salas contributed to this report	Fifty-five others were injured in the collapse The incident has occurred near a school in Peru 's Ayacucho province The conditions of those injured in the incident is not immediately available
