At gun stores from coast to coast , and on the Internet , they are known as "  exploding targets . " But the man who oversees Maryland 's bomb squad has another name for them : Explosive Kits for Dummies . Amazingly simple to assemble -- just pour two powders into one container and shake -- the targets are a safe and fun way to enhance target shooting , manufacturers say . Shoot it with a bullet from a safe distance , and you 'll be rewarded with a concussive blast and a cloud of smoke , indicating you 've hit your target . But if you search YouTube for "  Tannerite " -- the most popular brand -- and you 'll find more than 100,000 videos depicting the use -- and more frequently , the misuse -- of the product . On-line videos show people in a veritable contest to see who can detonate the most explosives in the most innovative way , demolishing pumpkins and watermelons , dead cows and pigs , washing machines and refrigerators , old cars and trucks , Elmo dolls and even a trailer home . To heighten the impact , diehards mixed it with gasoline , diesel fuel or propane tanks , creating explosions that crater the land , trigger car alarms , and shaking nearby communities . In one video that is now an Internet staple , a Minnesota man in 2008 detonated 100 pounds of Tannerite in the dump box of an old dump truck , sending the truck aloft -- while rattling a nearby nuclear power plant and , inconveniently , the police department . The nuclear plant went into a short lockdown and the man later pleaded guilty to two felonies involving explosives . Last year , Maryland became the first state to regulate exploding targets , requiring users to be trained and licensed to handle explosives . Some California jurisdictions have also interpreted state law to restrict use of the targets . And last month , exploding targets got even more notoriety when the U.S. Forest Service banned the targets on its property in five western states  Colorado , Wyoming , South Dakota , Nebraska and Kansas  saying the targets ignited 16 fires on Forest Service lands coast-to-coast since January 2012 . The cost of extinguishing those fires : more than $ 33 million . Forest Service officials say they hope to extend the year-long ban , and extend it nationwide . And in March , the FBI distributed a bulletin to law enforcement agencies nationwide warning that exploding targets could be used "  as an explosive for illicit purposes by criminals and extremists " and its components could be used to make IEDs . One state 's decision Maryland Chief Deputy State Fire Marshal Joseph Flanagan said he fought to regulate exploding targets after the product appeared on local gun store shelves . Gun stores were giving Maryland residents a "  false sense that it was OK to use , " he said , even though customers unknowingly broke Maryland law preventing them from "  manufacturing " explosives whenever they combined the targets ' two ingredients . So Flangan pushed a bill to expand the definition of explosive to include "  two or more components " when packaged together that create a bomb . The bill failed on its first two attempts , but passed in 2012 after a representative from the National Rifle Association signed a letter saying the NRA was taking "  no position " on the bill . Gun rights advocates did not oppose the measure "  because there are so many other things that are more important to us , and it does n't really involve guns , " said John H. Josselyn , legislative vice president of Associated Gun Clubs of Baltimore . "  We looked at it , considered the impact on our members and wrote it off as another feel-good issue by the left wing that has nothing better to do . " Josselyn said he remains "  philosophically " opposed to the restrictions since "  we banned one more thing that was n't causing a problem . " Flanagan acknowledges that exploding targets had not caused many problems in Maryland . But , he said , as the products began appearing on local store shelves , Maryland wanted to be in front of the problem . "  This is a high explosive and it belongs in the category with other high explosives , " Flanagan said . "  We 're not going to wait for an incident to occur where this product is used , where it 's just purchased off the shelf . We are not sorry for the action we took . " Fire marshals from several other states have sought Maryland 's guidance as they contemplate similar regulations , he said . In Indiana this year , self-described "  very pro-gun " Republican state Sen. Jim Merritt introduced a bill to require retailers to place Tannerite in locked displays , and to require that purchasers to be at least 18 . There are currently no age limits on its purchase . The bill died under the weight of legislative business , Merritt told CNN , although he may introduce it again . "  I considered this a homeland security issue , and I can envision this being a real problem for law enforcement someday , " Merritt said . Few federal restrictions Exploding targets consist of ammonium nitrate  an oxidizer  and aluminum powder  a fuel  . But because neither component individually is explosive , they not regulated by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives  ATF  . Once the components are mixed , the results is an explosive material and subject to ATF regulations . However , under federal law , individuals can manufacture explosives for their own personal , non-business use . There is no federal limit on the amount of explosives an individual can make . Federal law , in short , does not prohibit exploding targets . But , federal officials say , federal law does regulate the manufacture of explosive devices , and federal laws could be used to prosecute individuals who use the targets in the construction of explosive devices . The intent of the individual is a factor in determining legality , officials said . Some state and local governments have taken action against sports shooters , especially in cases in which they 've mixed large volumes of the target ingredients . In the case of Brian Childs , the Minnesota man who shot at the 100 pounds of Tannerite in the dump truck , prosecutors viewed the truck not as a target , but as a bomb . "  It looks like they legally bought  the components  . It was shipped to them by the Tannerite people , " said Chris Schrader , assistant county attorney for Goodhue County . But when the components were mixed and placed in the dump truck , "  we looked at our definition of an explosive device and it definitely qualified , " Schrader said . "  It was how they used it , which was enormously dangerous and ill-conceived , " Childs said . "  It was enormously reckless how they were using it . They had no idea what they were doing and you can tell by their reaction  in a videotape of the incident  . " According to a police report , a large piece of metal flew over Childs head , even though he was 300 yards from the blast . Fire problem Tannerite Sports , the Oregon-based manufacturer of the most popular brand of explosive targets , said it is being harmed by the widespread misuse of the product . And by people wrongly claiming that other products are "  Tannerite . " "  You can Google all day long and the first thing that will be popping up , people will be misusing our product and other products , other brands of binary exploding targets . It 's a misuse , " said Dena Woerner , a publicist for Tannerite Sports . "  Our produce was created to be used as a shot indicator . With Tannerite , you can see if you actually hit your target without having to walk down the range . And when you misuse a product , you could potentially be breaking the law . " The rampant misuse of exploding targets is a "  threat to our business , " Woerner concedes , so much so that the company is now soliciting videos of people using the product as intended . "  If people get hurt they 're going to be more regulations and restrictions . We want people to be able to have fun with the product ... if they keep misusing it , people may not have that liberty anymore . " But federal officials take issue with Tannerite 's claims that their product can not result in fires . At a press conference announcing the ban on exploding targets in certain national forests , it released a video showing a bale of hay catching fire after an exploding target was shot . The target was Tannerite , said Forest Service spokesman Lawrence Lujan . Lujan said other brands also cause fires , and the Forest Service is likely to extend its ban to other regions . A big bang At a farm on Maryland 's Eastern Shore , bomb squad member Matt Wrenn takes aims a Winchester rifle at targets at a range bounded by soybean fields , woods and an earthen berm . He flawlessly shoots at a series of targets set up to demonstrate the fire marshal 's concerns about exploding targets . First , a one-pound binary target sitting on a stump , as intended by the manufacturer . Then he flawlessly shoots at targets in front of a human silhouette , a watermelon , and finally , an old bomb squad protective suit . It shreds part of the suit , dislodging one of the protective plates . Looking at the damaged bomb suit , Flanagan says he has no reservations about restricting access to the targets . He believes the targets are dangerous , even when used as intended . "  It  the explosive ingredients  are all in a kit . It 's already made for me . I have instructions on how to do it . It 's an explosive kit for dummies , and it 's pretty easy to make . " Says his bomb squad commander , Jack Waldner , "  The fact of the matter is , this is recreational use of explosives by people who have not been trained . "	Videos proliferate of "  exploding targets " Many YouTube videos show the product being misused U.S. Forest Service blames targets for 16 wildfires Maryland regulates the targets ; predicts other states will follow
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Rafael Nadal 's shock French Open exit at the hands of a player ranked outside the top 20 is already attracting suggestions that it may be the biggest upset in tennis history . Rafael Nadal faces media after his shock loss to Sweden 's Robin Soderling at the French Open on Sunday Nadal , the world number one had never lost a game at Roland Garros , winning the previous four titles in a row . However , Sweden 's Robin Soderling proved too good for the "  King of Clay , " beating him 6-2 6-7 6-4 7-6 . The official French Open Web site called it "  one of the greatest upsets in Grand Slam history , " while other news outlets have rushed to praise the Swede for the "  game of his life . " The result leaves the men 's draw at the French Open tournament wide open -- with Roger Federer and Andy Murray now the highest-ranked players remaining . Undoubtedly a massive upset , Nadal 's loss also raises the question of what have been the biggest men 's Grand Slam upsets in tennis history . Is this is the biggest ? Below , in no particular order , are ten of the most shocking.What do you think the biggest upset in recent tennis history is ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below . 1 . Robin Soderling beats Rafael Nadal , French Open 2009 Spain 's clay master was unbeaten at Roland Garros and looking for his fifth title in a row when he was shocked by the 23rd seed Swedish player . Soderling was too good for Nadal , and deserved the win . 2 . Michael Chang beats Lendl and Edberg , French Open 1989 American Michael Chang etched his name in history by winning the 1989 French Open aged just 17 years and three months . He beat legends Ivan Lendl and Stefan Edberg  in an epic five set final  to win the event and he is still the youngest winner of a Grand Slam . 3 . George Bastl beats Pete Sampras , Wimbledon 2002 Swiss player Bastl was ranked 145 in the world when he took on the seven-time champion of Wimbledon , Pete Sampras . Bastl , who only got into the tournament as a lucky loser after failing to qualify , beat the American in five sets . 4 . Mark Edmondson wins the 1976 Australian Open The Australian only ever won one Grand Slam event , and he beat defending champion John Newcombe in the final to do it . The most remarkable point however , was that he was ranked 212th in the world when he did it . He remains the lowest-ranked player to win a Grand Slam title . 5 . Goran Ivanisevic wins 2001 Wimbledon Left-handed Ivanisevic had lost the Wimbledon final three times before he finally won it in 2001 . The eventual victory was a near-miracle , as he had only entered the tournament as a wild card . Ranked outside the top 100 at the time , he became the lowest-ranked player and only wild card to win Wimbledon . 6 . Mats Wilander wins the 1982 French Open The young Swede shocked the tennis world when at 17 years of age he beat the second , third , fourth and fifth seeds at Roland Garros to win the tournament . He was unseeded for the event . 7 . Richard Krajicek beats Pete Sampras , Wimbledon 1996 Krajicek surprised everyone when he became the first Dutchman to win Wimbledon in 1996 , but the biggest upset had come when he defeated Pete Sampras in the quarter-final . His win was Sampras ' only loss at the grass tournament between 1993 and 2001 . 8 . Gustavo Kuerten wins the 1997 French Open It 's no surprise that "  Guga " was a Roland Garros favorite . When he won the 1997 tournament he was ranked 66th in the world and he beat three former champions along the way . He remains the third-lowest ranked Grand Slam champion . 9 . Lleyton Hewitt beats Andre Agassi while ranked # 550 The Australian went on to win his first ATP tour title after beating Agassi in the semi-final of the Adelaide International . The win over former world number one Agassi was remarkable given that he was ranked at 550th and only 16 years old . 10 . Vladimir Voltchkov makes 2000 Wimbledon semi-final The Belarussian was ranked 237 when he managed to make it through to the semi-finals of Wimbledon -- becoming the lowest-ranked player to ever make the last four at the London tournament .	"  King of Clay " Rafael Nadal records his first loss at the French Open Nadal 's win widely reported as one of the biggest upsets in Grand Slam tennis Debate : Tell us what match is your biggest tennis upset of all time
Nearly 100 people , most of them "  terrorists , " were killed in an attack last week in China , state media reported Sunday . A total of 37 civilians were killed , and police "  gunned down 59 terrorists , " Xinhua reported , bringing the death toll to 96 . A gang wielding knives and axes attacked civilians , a police station and government offices and smashed vehicles in a restive region , according to Xinhua . Cars were vandalized , and some were set ablaze . The "  organized and premeditated " attack took place Monday in the northwestern Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region . There have been numerous attacks in the region , where tensions are simmering between Uyghur Muslims , a Turkic people , and Chinese Han people . A Muslim separatist group founded by militant Uyghurs has been blamed for terrorism in the region , the Council on Foreign Relations explains . Xinhua said the "  mastermind " behind the attack Monday "  had close connections with the terrorist organization , " known as the East Turkestan Islamic Movement . In May , China launched a terrorism crackdown after a series of explosions in an open-air market killed dozens in Xinjiang . Many of the victims were elderly people , Xinhua reported . "  This is a despicable and outrageous act of violence against innocent civilians , and the United States resolutely opposes all forms of terrorism , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said at the time Some Uyghurs have expressed resentment toward China 's Han majority in recent years over what they say is harsh treatment from Chinese security forces and Han people taking the lion 's share of economic opportunities in Xinjiang . Amnesty International said Uyghurs face widespread discrimination , including in employment , housing and educational opportunities , as well as curtailed religious freedom and political marginalization .	37 civilians and 59 "  terrorists " died in the attack , China says The strike was "  organized and premeditated , " China says Numerous terrorist attacks have taken place in the Xinjiang region Attacks are blamed on Muslim separatist group
CNN  -- Alinghi will defend the America 's Cup against U.S. challenger Oracle in the United Arab Emirate of Ras al-Khaimah next year . Alinghi 's America 's Cup yacht was unveiled on Lake Geneva with Mont Blanc in the background . The Societe Nautique de Geneve , the home club of the Swiss syndicate , made the official announcement on Wednesday . As the defender , the 2003 and 2007 winners had choice of venue . The battle for the 33rd staging of yachting 's most prestigious trophy will begin on February 8 , the culmination of a protracted legal battle in the U.S. courts over the rules for the competition . It has led to an unusual head-to-head battle for a trophy which was first contested in 1851 and expanded into a multi-national competition with the last edition hosted by the Spanish port of Valencia . Due to the time of year and perceived favorable conditions , Alinghi have opted for the waters off the smallest of the seven emirates . "  Well we looked everywhere for a venue that suited having good racing and really the whole push was to find a place that we could race on those dates in February , " said Alinghi 's New Zealand skipper Brad Butterworth . "  It 's got a great building sea breeze during the day and it 's good for these boats to be able to sail them non-stop most days , " he added . Alinghi , backed by the Swiss billionaire Ernesto Bertarelli , have just unveiled a massive 90-foot catamaran for the America 's Cup , a radical departure from the usual smaller boats that have been used for recent editions . Bitter rivals Oracle , who have their own billionaire backer in software magnet Larry Ellison , have been testing a huge 90-foot trimaran off San Diego for several months . Oracle represent the Golden Gate Yacht Club of San Francisco , who were installed as the official challenger of record by a ruling in a New York court earlier this year . The two syndicates will be based in a specially-built marina and luxury resort on the coast of the Persian Gulf with no expense being spared . "  It is a great moment for us to host the America 's Cup here . It is significant because it reflects how the emirates have become a place for hosting international events , " said Sheikh Saud Bin Saqr Al Qasimi , Crown Prince of Ras al-Khaimah . Racing will be in a best-of-three format , again a departure from recent America 's Cup competitions which have lasted several months with hopeful syndicates racing off against each other in a challenger series before taking on the defending champion .	United Arab Emirate Ras al-Khaimah to host America 's Cup next Feburary Defending champion Alinghi will race Oracle in best-of-three series Billionaire backers of rival syndicates have been involved in protracted legal battle Alinghi won America 's Cup in 2003 and made succesful defense in 2007
CNN  -- Look out Russia -- Team USA is coming . The World Cup may be four years away but coach Jurgen Klinsmann is already planning his team 's path to the semifinals . A painful defeat in the last-16 by Belgium in Brazil might have ended the U.S. dream but it has only served to further Klinsmann 's ambitions . A 1-0 friendly win over the Czech Republic in Prague courtesy of Alejandro Bedoya 's strike gave Team USA a winning return to action but Klinsmann is already looking into the future . "  It was possible to get into the quarterfinal , Klinsmann told NBC . "  It was even possible to get into the semifinal in Brazil for us which nobody would probably believed . But this is how I looked at it . "  And this is our goal going toward Russia -- not to stop at the Round of 16 and not to stop at the quarterfinals . "  To say clearly we have four years to prepare this cycle and our goal is to go into a semifinal in a World Cup and that means a lot of work , a lot of competition and a lot of grind . " The achievements of Klinsmann 's men at the World Cup has increased expectation and justifiably so . This U.S. team is a side which commands respect given its quality and improvement over the past couple of years . Deprived of goalkeeper Tim Howard , who has taken a year-long sabbatical from the national side to spend more time with his family , Aston Villa 's Brad Guzan was given the opportunity to shine . It 's a difficult job for Guzan given the hero status Howard acquired following the team 's performances in Brazil . So impressive was Howard that he became a national celebrity with President Obama calling him directly from the White House to offer his congratulations following the 2-1 defeat by Belgium . Howard , boasting one of the most exquisite beards in football , pulled off a record 16 saves against the Belgians leading to Obama even joking he should make the goalkeeper the nation 's Secretary of Defense . But with Howard absent along with Clint Dempsey , the man known as ` Captain America ' during the tournament , Klinsmann gave a chance to a number of other players . In a first half which meandered without much drama , it was the home side which should have taken the lead just after the half hour mark . A rapid counter attack ripped through the U.S. midfield and Tomas Rosicky crossed to the far post only for Vladimir Darida to slide his effort wide of the far post . That miss was to prove costly as just before the interval , the visiting team stuck the first blow . A dreadful error by Darida allowed Mix Diskerud to run through on goal and when his effort was saved , Bedoya netted the rebound . Klinsmann made a couple of changes at the break with Nick Rimando , the only MLS-based player in the squad , replacing Guzan in goal and Bolton 's Tim Ream coming into defense . But it hardly appeared to disrupt the rhythm of the team with Bedoya bringing a fine save out of Petr Cech in the Czech Republic goal . The Czechs , which failed to qualify for the World Cup , have set their sights on qualifying for the 2016 European Championship Finals in France . It faces a difficult task after being paired with the Netherlands and Turkey as well as Latvia , Iceland and Kazakhstan . It did at least threaten an equalizer in the second half with Rimando producing a fine save to deny Ladislav Krejčí from close-range . The Salt Lake City stopper than kept out David Limbersky 's effort as the home side began to take control of the contest . With Team USA now boasting a more youthful look following the introductions of 18-year-old Emerson Hyndman and Club Tijuana teenager Greg Garza , the Czechs stepped up its game . Daniel Pudil was next to go close after latching onto a poor defensive header but Rimando stood firm to keep his side in front and secure the victory . Team USA faces games against Honduras and Ecuador next month before taking on the Republic of Ireland in Dublin in November . World champion Germany returned to play its first fixture on home soil since winning the World Cup -- but it did n't exactly go to plan as it lost for the first time in 15 months . Joachim Low 's team was beaten 4-2 by Argentina just 52 days after the teams met in the final at the Maracana Stadium . On that occasion , Mario Gotze scored the only goal of the game in extra-time after the contest had finished goalless after 90 minutes . This time around , Argentina , without its talisman Lionel Messi , was led by Manchester United winger Angel di Maria . The former Real Madrid player , who arrived at Old Trafford last week in a deal worth $ 98.7 million , set up three goals and scored one himself . Sergio Aguero and Erik Lamela both converted chances provided by di Maria before halftime to give the visitors a two-goal lead . And Argentina continued its assault after the interval , adding two more inside the opening five minutes with Federico Fernandez heading home a di Maria free kick before the United star added a fourth . Germany , without a number of players who helped the team win the World Cup following a number of retirements , hit back with Andre Schurrle and Gotze scoring consolation goals . New era ? England 's new era got off to a winning start following a 1-0 victory over Norway in London . In front of one of the lowest crowds to attend an England international game at Wembley stadium since it was reopened in 2007 , Wayne Rooney 's second half penalty was enough to see off the visitors . Elsewhere , Russia recorded a 4-0 win over Azerbaijan , Ukraine defeated Latvia 1-0 and Turkey picked a 2-1 win in Denmark .	Team USA defeats Czech Republic 1-0 in Prague Alejandro Bedoya scores only goal of the game Coach Jurgen Klinsmann targets World Cup semifinals World champion Germany beaten 4-2 by Argentina
London  CNN  -- Scientists have picked a prime landing site on the "  head " of a comet for the next stage of the Rosetta mission . The project , led by the European Space Agency  ESA  with partners including NASA , recently placed the Rosetta probe in an orbit 30km  18 miles  from the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko after a 10-year chase across the solar system . If successful , the mission will be the first to orbit and land on a comet as it journeys around the Sun . A statement on the space agency 's Rosetta blog says landing site "  J " was chosen due to its "  scientific potential " while posing less risk to Rosetta 's lander module Philae compared to other possible sites . A backup site  marked "  C " in the above composite image  has been identified on the irregularly-shaped "  body " of the comet which has two distinct lobes -- and mission controllers say they are aiming to reach the surface on November 11 . Rosetta will stay in orbit around the comet as it rushes towards the Sun , taking measurements as gas and dust are ejected into a huge tail , while the lander carries out experiments on the surface . The mission is aimed at learning more about the composition of comets and the project may shed light on whether they brought water to Earth or even the chemicals that make up the building blocks of life . 3D animation : See how Rosetta met the comet "  We will make the first ever in situ analysis of a comet at this site , giving us an unparalleled insight into the composition , structure and evolution of a comet , " said a lead lander scientist Jean-Pierre Bibring on ESA 's Rosetta website . Making a landing is particularly difficult as the probes are so far away that steering Philae once it has separated from Rosetta is not possible . The lander 's trajectory has to be programmed ahead of its release . Project leaders had to find a landing site that avoids large surface hazards and allows Philae to continue to communicate with Rosetta . Before the prime landing site was chosen , Rosetta project scientist Matt Taylor also explained that power was a crucial consideration . Philae 's batteries will have enough charge for 64 hours but the lander needs sunlight to generate more energy for the extended science mission . "  There are certain parts of the comet where you wo n't be able to do any science because you will never get the lander in enough sunlight to be able to recharge the batteries , " Taylor told CNN . Taylor shared the excitement of seeing the first high-resolution close-up images but said his reaction to the odd shape was : "  What are we going to do with this ? Where are we going to go ? "  It has presented a challenge as to where we can land on the comet because there are certain regions you just ca n't reach . The neck is quite difficult to get to -- it 's difficult to get a trajectory that will end up on that point without clipping one of the lobes . " Taylor told CNN that results were starting to come in from the on-board instruments . "  There are some dust instruments that kind of put their hand up for a couple of weeks and then bring the hand back in again and analyze what it 's caught , " he said . "  We are starting to sniff and taste the comet . " You can follow Rosetta 's mission on Twitter @ESA_Rosetta and through the ESA blog .	Scientists are trying to land a probe on Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko The European Space Agency says it now has chosen a prime target landing site The comet is so far from Earth the Philae lander needs to be programed to land on its own It took more than 10 years to position the Rosetta craft so it could follow the comet
CNN  -- A former mayor of a city in southeast Wisconsin pleaded innocent Tuesday to charges of child pornography , solicitation of a minor and related counts , a prosecutor said . Gary Becker , former mayor of Racine , Wisconsin , is charged with soliciting someone he believed was a girl . Former Racine Mayor Gary Becker , who was arraigned Tuesday , could face a sentence of up to 164 years if convicted on all counts , District Attorney Michael Nieskes told CNN . He was still in office when he was arrested last month at a shopping mall in Brookfield , Wisconsin . He allegedly tried to meet with a person he thought was a 14-year-old girl after chatting with that person online , said Bill Kosh , a spokesman for the Wisconsin attorney general 's office . An officer posed online as the underage girl , according to authorities . Becker 's attorney did not immediately return calls for comment . Authorities first launched an investigation after Becker brought his personal computer into the mayor 's office for repair . The computer technician hired by his office discovered six pornographic images of girls "  possibly under the age of 18 years , " according to Wisconsin criminal complaint . The technician reported his findings to local law enforcement officers , and they turned the case over to the state 's child Internet crimes task force . Members of the task force swapped out the computer 's hard drive so they could investigate without alerting Becker , Nieskes said . Their search uncovered further pornographic images of underage girls and more than 1,800 online chats containing "  sexually explicit comments , " some of them directed at underage girls , the complaint says . Authorities then set up an online profile for the fictitious 14-year-old girl -- using the name "  Hopeyoulikeme14 " -- and engaged the mayor in a chat that lasted more than two hours , the complaint says . During the chat , the former mayor agreed to meet the girl at a shopping mall , the document says . Becker , who resigned from office after his arrest , faces six criminal counts : child enticement , possession of child pornography , exposing a child to harmful materials , attempted second-degree sexual assault of a child , use of a computer to facilitate a child sex crime and misconduct in public office , according to a January statement from the Wisconsin Department of Justice .	NEW : A former mayor of Racine , Wisconsin , arraigned Tuesday NEW : District attorney : Gary Becker could face 164 years in prison if convicted Becker is charged with sex crimes , including possession of child porn Prosecutors say he used online chat to solicit what he thought was underage girl
CNN  -- Here 's a little secret BlackBerry does n't want you to know : It would be technically impossible for all Android phones or iPhones to experience a global four-day outage like the one BlackBerry saw this week , according to mobile communications experts . Why ? The answer is in the technical details of how Research in Motion -- the company that makes BlackBerry smartphones , with their click-clacking keyboards and tie-wearing owners -- handles e-mails and text messages . Here 's the gist : RIM acts as a middleman for all e-mail and BlackBerry text messages . It picks up messages from the wireless carrier and passes them on to the recipient . Androids and iPhones do n't have a middleman for texts and e-mail . It 's this BlackBerry baton-passing system that went down Monday , killing or slowing e-mail and texting services for millions of people in Europe , North America , South America , Asia , the Middle East and Africa . The ordeal lasted four days . "  It 's because of the way RIM has set up the  network  architecture that is the downfall when it comes to these types of outages , " said Sean Armstrong , who manages wireless communications at a large tech company . "  When it 's working fine , it 's a great system . When it 's not working fine , it 's a failure . " This week , it 's fair to say the system was a big ol' failure . On social media sites , some BlackBerry users said they were so upset about the outage -- the largest in the company 's history -- that they were switching to Apple iOS and Google Android devices . And customer satisfaction with BlackBerry already was low . "  Add up every other thing we 've ever written about why BlackBerry is dying , " wrote the tech blog Gizmodo . "  This is worse . " This is not to say that Androids and iPhones never experience network outages . But they would n't be global . And they would be the responsibility of a particular wireless carrier -- AT&T , Sprint , Verizon and T-Mobile -- or a particular messaging system , like Gmail , Hotmail or iMessage , Apple 's new in-house messaging service . Not the maker of the phone . That makes their problems inherently more localized . "  All the stuff goes through them for some form or fashion , " Nan Palmero , a writer for the site BlackBerryCool.com , said of the way BlackBerry handles messages and e-mail . That makes it possible , he said , for the global BlackBerry network to crash , which would n't be the case for iPhones or Androids . RIM , however , takes issue with this analysis . "  I would not characterize that as fair , " RIM 's co-CEO Mike Lazaridis said at a Thursday news conference . "  We run a global , secure-push environment that provides the kind of instant messaging that 's made BlackBerry so compelling and so valuable . " RIM filters e-mails and BlackBerry messages through its own server farms -- giant warehouses full of computers -- for security reasons , said Armstrong . The company scrambles messages , making them more difficult to intercept . That 's won BlackBerry big fans in the business world . The system also uses less battery power because RIM handles much of the computation work , Armstrong said . "  The process for checking your e-mail with a BlackBerry is done by the RIM servers , " he said . "  So RIM is going to handle all the heavy lifting of going to your inbox and looking for new e-mail , and if it finds new e-mail , it 's going to push it back your devices . " It also creates the risk of a global crash . But maybe that 's not a completely bad thing . "  For two years , we have n't had a huge issue like this , " Armstrong said . "  It 's just been little bumps along the way . So I do n't really see  the middle-man system  as a weakness . I see it as expected , because no system can be faultless . " Rich Miller , who runs the industry blog Data Center Knowledge , said it 's clear BlackBerry was unprepared for a failure like the one that began on Monday . "  From what we can see from this outage , it appears RIM does n't have the infrastructure or the process in place to handle a failure properly when it happens and then to recover from it once it 's got a backlog of e-mail in its pipes , " he said . RIM has said this week 's outage was caused by a failure at one of its messaging servers in Europe , along with the subsequent failure of its backup system . Mike Gikas , a senior editor for technology at Consumer Reports , said problems like the one BlackBerry had this week could actually become more common because people are storing more of their data -- from photos to music and documents -- in the cloud , meaning on remote computer servers rather than at home . "  If these services ever get disrupted , that could just mean a lot of unhappy customers , " he said . "  More and more of our stuff is stored on remote servers , and there 's increasing burden on the networks to have them available 24/7 . " As the BlackBerry outage shows , he said , not all of them are ready .	Experts : iPhones and Android devices will not see a global messaging crash BlackBerry filters messages through its own servers ; Apple and Google do n't BlackBerry 's middle-man approach to messaging is what crashed this week Millions of BlackBerry users were without e-mail service for more than three days
CNN  -- They quit their jobs , sold their cars , cashed in on their bikes and flogged their fridges -- but it was worth every penny to watch their team win the Club World Cup . The fans of Brazilian side Corinthians , one of the most devoted sets of supporters in world football , raised funds any way they could to ensure they made it to Japan to witness history as the Sao Paulo side defeated Chelsea in Yokohama . With an estimated 30,000 Corinithians fans packed into the stadium , Paulo Guerrero set off the Samba celebrations by netting a 69th minute winner . That strike unleashed a carnival atmosphere around the streets of Yokohama as Corinthians became the first team from South America to win the competition since 2006 . Corinthians : Craziest fans in the world ? "  We played a high quality match , " a delighted Corinthians coach Tite told reporters . "  Everything went well . Each player performed their own role and were able to do well in their position . I 'm very happy . " The South American side , who won the Copa Libertadores in July , rode their luck at times with goalkeeper Cassio making several important stops . The crucial moment came with 21 minutes of the contest remaining when Guerrero headed in from close range after Danilo 's shot was blocked . Chelsea , which recently became the first ever defending holder to exit the Champions League at the Group Stage , had its chances to equalize but failed to hit the target . Spain international Fernando Torres missed three golden opportunities to score , while Juan Mata hit a post late on . Gary Cahill was also sent off after an alleged off the ball incident with Emerson as Chelsea 's dream of world domination died . Chelsea cruise into Club World Cup final "  This is the final of the World Cup for the South American teams , " Chelsea 's interim manager Benitez told reporters . "  You could see this from the first minute . Our players have some quality but , physically , some of them are n't so strong . "  We knew it would be a tough game against a good team . I think they had one  clear cut  chance and they scored and we did n't take our chances . That was the difference . "  We had four very clear chances . Their goalkeeper was man of the match  sic  and for me that means a lot . " The defeat left Chelsea 's David Luiz , a boyhood supporter of Corinthians , in tears at the final whistle . "  The game was decided by details , " he told FIFA 's official website . "  I am a player who has ambition , pride and personality . If you ask me if I like to lose , I will answer that I do n't . I have heart , emotion , and that 's what happened . I was overcome . " CONCACAF champions Monterrey took third place earlier Sunday , defeating Al Ahly 2-0 through goals from Jesus Corona and Cesar Delgado .	Corinthians defeat Chelsea 1-0 in World Club Cup Final in Japan Paulo Guerrero 's 69th minute strike gave Brazilian side victory The Sao Paulo club are the first from South America to win trophy since 2006 Chelsea 's Gary Cahill was sent off in the dying stages
CNN  -- Robin van Persie salvaged a point for Manchester United against English Premier League leader Chelsea with an injury-time equalizer in a 1-1 draw at Old Trafford Sunday . United was staring defeat in the face after trailing to a Didier Drogba goal when Angel Di Maria won a free kick which led to the dismissal of Branislav Ivanovic for a second yellow card . Di Maria 's delivery was met by the excellent Marouane Fellaini and after Thibaut Courtois pushed out his headed effort , van Persie smashed the ball home . Chelsea stays top of the EPL by four points from Southampton , with United back in eighth and 10 points adrift . Eyebrows were raised when Jose Mourinho re-signed the 36-year-old Drogba in the summer , but the Ivorian star rolled back the years with his second half effort . David De Gea had to make a superb save from Eden Hazard , who was clean through after a one-two with Drogba . But from the resulting Cesc Fabregas corner , Drogba rose to head home at the near post , his first EPL goal since March 2012 . He took his place in the team after Chelsea 's top scorer Diego Costa was ruled out through injury , but more than justified his inclusion . In other EPL action , Tottenham Hotspur suffered another disappointing home defeat -- beaten 2-1 by struggling Newcastle . Tottenham led 1-0 through an Emmanuel Adebayor goal but conceded an equalizer after just eight seconds of the second half , with Sammy Ameobi on target . Another substitute , Ayoze Perez , added a second just before the hour mark . Everton capped a fine week by beating second bottom Burnley 3-1 with Samuel Eto'o scoring twice . In the Bundesliga , Bayern Munich was held goalless by Borussia Moenchengladbach in a top of the table clash . Bayern hit seven in a midweek Champions League thrashing of Roma , but a David Alaba effort which hit the post was the best it could muster Sunday . Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer was also kept busy as Bayern 's run of six straight wins was ended but the Bavarians still head Moenchengladbach by four points . In Serie A , leaders and reigning champions Juventus took a three-point lead at the top with a 2-0 home win over Palermo . Goals in each half from Arturo Vidal and Fernando Llorente were enough to secure three points for Juve , whose nearest rival Roma was held to a goalless draw by Sampdoria Saturday night .	Man Utd holds Chelsea 1-1 at Old Trafford Robin van Persie equalizes Didier Drogba 's opener for Chelsea Chelsea tops EPL by four points from Southampton Bayern and Juvenuts top in Germany and Italy
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In Beijing in August , Ethiopian runner Haile Gebrselassie will once again find himself staring down the 10,000 meters of rubberized track that curls between him and a third gold medal in the Olympic event . Gebrselassie goes on a training run with companions at home in Addis Ababa . He won gold in 1996 and 2000 , but finished a disappointing fifth in 2004 when a problem with his Archilles tendon hampered training in the lead up to Athens . This time it 's different . He 's pounding a well-worn path on often twice-daily runs through the streets of his hometown of Addis Ababa . He 's older and injury-free . In 2004 , he was under pressure to become the first man in history to win gold over 10,000 meters in three consecutive Olympics . Now it 's not even his first choice of race to run . "  I 'm not interested in the 10,000 meters , " he says ; a somewhat surprising statement from a man just weeks away from competing in the world 's greatest ever sporting event , the pinnacle of any athlete 's career . The problem is he 's been there , done that and recognizes that he 's unlikely to match his younger opponents in speed over the distance . In Beijing , he 'll be toeing the starting line with the current world champion Kenenisa Bekele and Sileshi Sihine , both Ethiopians who finished first and second in Athens in 2004 . "  They 're in good shape . They 're already superior athletes , " Gebrselassie says . "  For me to be there , it 's not for Bekele or Sihine , just to be in the group , to stay together , to share their experience . Most of them they know how to compete , they know how to win . " In March , Gebrselassie made the highly-publicized decision not to contest the Olympic marathon in Beijing . He insists it 's not a slight against China and the Olympic organizers but , as an asthmatic , he says the risks to his health are too great . Running the 10,000 meters was a compromise , says Jos Hermens of Global Sports Communication , Gebrselassie 's manager . Haile did n't want to disappoint his fans and fellow countrymen who had been expecting him to race . "  Of course he 's running for himself also , " Hermens says , "  But for him , it 's a team effort to run for his country . He 'll be very happy if the other two guys are doing well . I think Haile would be very happy with a bronze medal . " Would he ? "  Yeah , absolutely , " Gebrselassie insists . "  The 10,000 meters is not my event any more . If I won bronze , fine . Even if I do n't compete , I do n't mind . " While the Beijing Olympics might merit a small note on Gebrselassie 's calendar , there is a big red circle marked around September 28th , the date of the Berlin Marathon , just five weeks later . "  One of my targets this year is the Berlin Marathon , to run a good time and if possible surpass the world record , " he says . It 's a record he set in spectacular style last November , covering the 42 kilometers in just two hours , four minutes and 26 seconds . It was his 25th world record . He attempted to better the time at the Dubai Marathon in January , but missed out by a mere 27 seconds , a failure Gebrselassie blames on over-enthusiasm at the start ; he just ran too fast . "  I paid the price at the end because I could not push anymore , especially the last seven or eight kilometers , " he says . In Berlin , he 's hoping to strike the right balance of restraint and speed to take him over the line first and fastest . It wo n't be an easy feat . Training for the 10,000 meters is all about speed . After the Olympics he 'll literally have to switch gears to work on his strength and stamina . "  It 's not a normal preparation for a marathon , " Gebrselassie 's manager , Jos Hermens says . "  Normally you have a few months of preparation . It 's kind of new territory he will be in . " "  I think it will be OK because Haile 's 35 and his body is a running machine , " Hermens says . "  He 's done so much endurance , but you do n't know how the body will react . For him and for us it 's something to see because it 's never been done before at this level . " Gebrselassie is not fazed . He 's simply merged training for the two disciplines into one unconventional schedule . "  I 'm trying to work on endurance and a bit of speed . If I move completely to speed work I lose the benefits of the endurance training . I 'm trying to handle both , " he says . It seems a lot of work for someone who 's conceded that his days as the fastest man over 10,000 meters are over . He 's already passed the baton to Kenenisa Bekele , who bettered his world record over the distance in 2004 , and again in 2005 , at a blistering 26:17.53 . Gebrselassie may not be putting money on himself to win in Beijing , but he 's in no doubt that one of his Ethiopian team mates will be first across the line . "  For sure , " he says , "  No question about it . "	Marathon runner Haile Gebrselassie is one of Ethopia 's most celebrated athletes He 's aiming to break the world marathon record he set in Berlin in 2007 this year He 's contesting the 10,000 meters in Beijing Olympics but does n't expect to win Gebrselassie : "  If I won bronze , fine . Even if I do n't compete , I do n't mind "
CNN  -- Applauding budget-cutting measures taken and proposed by Greece 's government in the face of intense public pressure , European finance ministers announced Monday that Athens is on track to receive fresh loans in mid-July . "  The Greek authorities are embarking on a significant and necessary adjustment effort , " said members of the Eurogroup , which consists of officials from countries in the Euro economic zone , in a statement . "  Ministers recognized the considerable progress achieved by the Greek authorities over the last year  and  are also conscious of the serious challenges that Greek citizens are facing in these difficult times . " No specifics were given on the extent or parameters of the loans , which would be the second round in the bailout aimed at keeping Greece solvent -- and preventing its economic crisis from worsening and spreading through Europe and beyond . While Athens is on track for the new loans , the ministers said they were contingent on completing a planned "  compliance report , " finalizing details through ongoing negotiations with European officials and taking other steps , including continuing austerity measures . "  This , together with the passing of key laws on the fiscal strategy and privatization by the Greek parliament , will pave the way for the next disbursement  of loans  , " the finance ministers said . The Eurogroup also said "  voluntary roll-overs of existing Greek debt " would be permitted under the strict parameters of its bailout plan . The ministers explained the relaxed move was needed given that Athens likely wo n't get access to private market funds until early next year . This statement came a day after Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou called for lawmakers to back his latest round of budget-cutting measures , telling them , "  The government must stop spending more than it takes in . " He 's fighting to stay in power in the face of weeks of protests against plans for measures to bring down the country 's budget deficit and get a second international bailout . He reshuffled his Cabinet on Friday and is seeking a vote of confidence in his new ministers as his party clings to a wafer-thin majority in parliament . Two days after his appointment as finance minister , Evangelos Venizelos attended talks Sunday on a second economic bailout package for his debt-strapped country as part of a two-day meeting on Europe 's economic outlook in Luxembourg . The former defense minister also took over the post of deputy prime minister . The Greek bailout tops the agenda of the meeting of the Eurogroup and Economic and Finance Ministers Council , which representatives of the International Monetary Fund will also attend , according to an EU news release . The IMF is contributing to the bailouts of European Union member countries . IMF staff members will present their assessment of Europe 's economy . They and the finance ministers will examine existing bailouts for Ireland and Portugal , as well as the economic progress in those countries . Ireland is poised to meet proposed austerity conditions for the second quarter , according to the EU , and has received second-quarter disbursements . Portugal has met requirements for the first payments of its bailout package . The crisis raises concerns for Europe 's currency , the euro . A default on its debts by Greece , or another struggling nation such as Portugal or Ireland , could adversely affect the world economy . The harsh reforms designed to help reduce Greece 's enormous budget deficit have so far led to tax hikes and public-sector job losses alongside already record-high unemployment . There are fears that efforts to restructure Greece 's debt could send shock waves through Europe 's banking sector and spark investor panic similar to that in the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers , the U.S.-based global investment bank . Venizelos addressed the Greek nation Friday , urging consensus in solving the crisis . "  Our priority is the viability and sustainability of the public debt , " he said . "  There is no disagreement on this issue . " Papandreou faces opposition from his party over the austerity measures needed to secure an additional bailout package . The IMF said Thursday that it would continue to back Greece provided that Greece carried out the economic policy reforms agreed upon by the government . The Greek government 's popularity has plunged recently , and anti-government protests turned violent Wednesday , as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the finance ministry and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put austerity measures into effect . The latest measures include further cuts in public spending , more tax increases and the faster privatization of state-held assets , including utilities , ports and airports . The government proposes reducing the public-sector workforce by 150,000 ; workers will also face changes in working hours , practices and wages . The plan also sets out changes to social benefits , including pensions and unemployment aid . According to the finance ministry , these measures will help achieve 28.3 billion euros  $ 40.5 billion  in cuts from 2012 to 2015 , and shrink Greece 's public deficit to less than 3 % of gross domestic product , in accordance with the EU target . The government has said the passage of these additional measures is essential to Greece 's securing the fifth portion of the first 110 billion euro  $ 158 billion  bailout package that Greece signed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund to prevent the country from defaulting on its debts . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Ben Brumfield and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : Euro zone ministers say new loans are contingent but on track The finance ministers say the new funds could be given out as early as July The ministers also OK "  voluntary roll-overs of existing Greek debt " Talks on a second Greek bailout package follow three weeks of street protests in Athens
CNN  -- U.N. observers who were stranded overnight in a Syrian town after their convoy struck an explosive device have made it safely to the city of Hama , the United Nations said Wednesday . The six observers were in Khan Sheikhoun , part of Idlib province , when they were attacked , said Ahmad Fawzi , spokesman for U.N.-Arab League special envoy Kofi Annan . No U.N. personnel were injured in the explosion Tuesday , but three vehicles were damaged , Fawzi said . A bombardment by Syrian forces continues in Khan Sheikhoun , according to the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . The regime is using "  all kinds of heavy weapons , the LCC said . Opposition activists reported another day of widespread violence in many parts of the country that left at least 15 people dead . Nine people died Wednesday in Khan Sheikhoun , according to the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . A child and a civilian were among them . Four died of wounds suffered Tuesday as government forces attacked the area , the group said . Three people , including a young girl , were killed Wednesday when government forces shelled a camp for displaced residents , opposition activists said . The camp in Daraa is for displaced Syrians from the Golan Heights , who were not fleeing violence from the current unrest in Syria , according to the observatory . Syria , on state-run news agency SANA , said 11 "  army , law enforcement and civilian martyrs " were buried Wednesday . Also , 250 citizens "  who were involved in the recent events and whose hands are clear of the Syrian blood were released on Wednesday , " SANA said . Syria blames the violence in the country on "  armed terrorist groups . " SANA also reported that three terrorists -- one from Libya and two from Tunisia -- "  confessed that they infiltrated into Syria through the Turkish borders in order to carry out terrorist attacks in coordination with al Qaeda and militias of the so-called free army . " The rebel Free Syrian Army has been battling regime forces . Opposition groups say President Bashar al-Assad 's government has been trying to mar their efforts with false accusations of links to terrorism . Syria has met their call for a new government and political reforms with a brutal , violent crackdown , opposition activists say . The LCC on Wednesday reported raids , the burning of homes , random arrests and more throughout the country . Ambulances were prevented from aiding the wounded in some places , the group said . The Tuesday attack on the U.N. convoy took place around the same time government forces fired on a nearby funeral procession , according to opposition activists . At least 23 people were killed and 100 were injured in that attack , said the opposition group Avaaz . The LCC described dozens of people falling to the ground after government forces fired on them using heavy machine guns . Videos posted on YouTube purported to show what happened . CNN can not confirm their authenticity . The United Nations estimates that at least 9,000 people have died in the 14-month crisis , while opposition groups put the death toll at more than 11,000 . CNN can not independently verify reports of deaths and violence because the Syrian government has severely restricted access by international media . Meanwhile , a Western diplomat confirmed to CNN that according to a confidential U.N. draft report , Iran is violating a Security Council ban on weapons exports and that Syria is the top recipient for those arms . The report , which was drafted by a panel of experts and submitted to the Security Council 's sanctions committee on Iran , describes three large seizures of Iranian weapons shipments within the year . The diplomat confirmed that report claims two of those seizures involved the Syrian Arab Republic . CNN 's Samira Said , Amir Ahmed and Joe Vaccarello contributed to this report .	Syria says three "  terrorists " confessed U.N. personnel stranded overnight in Khan Sheikhoun are back in Hama , the U.N. says At least 15 people were killed Wednesday , opposition activists say 250 arrested people were released , Syria says
CNN  -- Liverpool chairman Martin Broughton claims there have been "  several " bids for the club after Chinese businessman Kenneth Huang 's interest was confirmed to CNN . A spokesman for the Royal Bank of Scotland  RBS  told CNN that Huang made an enquiry about buying the English Premier League club , and that he was passed on to Broughton and investment bank Barclays Capital . Barclays Capital and Liverpool would only confirm to CNN that the process was "  ongoing . " The English club 's current owners -- American duo George Gillett and Tom Hicks -- put the club up for sale in April and appointed British Airways chairman Broughton to oversee the deal . I 'm staying at Liverpool , says Fernando Torres The pair took control of the club three years ago but have endured widespread protests against their ownership due to the amount of debt they loaded onto the club . Accounts published in June 2009 revealed the club 's debts were $ 462 million and that they had paid $ 54 million of interest payments to RBS , to service an estimated debt to the bank of around $ 377 million . The club did receive a boost on Tuesday though , with the news that star striker Fernando Torres was staying at the club . The Spanish forward had been linked with a host of top sides but he told the club 's official website he was "  really happy " at Anfield . News of Huang 's interest was widely reported in the British press on Tuesday , with the UK Press Association quoting Broughton as saying there were "  several " bids for the club . "  Any bids that go straight to RBS - and there have been several - come to me and are directed to Barcap  Barclays Capital  , " he said . "  RBS are not involved . The control remains with the board . "  It still remains the objective to conclude a deal before the end of the transfer window . That remains the objective but there are no deadlines , and we will continue working to complete the process . "  Both George Gillett and Tom Hicks remain on the board and they have given commitments that the board of Kop Holdings -LSB- Liverpool 's UK parent company -RSB- is the party that is responsible for the sale . " According to reports in the Chinese press , Huang was born in Guangzhou and studied at his hometown university before switching to the United States and Columbia University . He became the first Chinese graduate to work at the New York Stock Exchange . He is chief executive of Chinese sports investment company QSL and is reported as having a stake in baseball team the New York Yankees as well as NBA side Cleveland Cavaliers . Liverpool 's fans have long protested against Gillett and Hicks ' regime and the club finished a disappointing seventh in the Premier League last season , missing out on qualification for the lucrative Champions League . Former manager Rafael Benitez left the club for Inter Milan and was replaced by Roy Hodgson , who left Fulham to take up the post at Anfield . He has since signed England international Joe Cole . News of a potential sale will provide encouragement to Hodgson , who may be afforded additional transfer funds if any deal goes through .	Chinese businessman Kenneth Huang makes enquiry about buying English club Liverpool Royal Bank of Scotland confirm to CNN Huang contacted them about a deal Liverpool has been officially up for sale since April Current American owners George Gillett and Tom Hicks are unpopular with fans
CNN  -- A former NASA astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival at a Florida airport can take off her electronic tracking bracelet while she awaits trial , a judge ruled Thursday . Attorneys for former astronaut Lisa Nowak said her ankle bracelet was uncomfortable and inconvenient . The bracelet was uncomfortable , inconvenient and cost Lisa Nowak $ 105 a week , her attorneys argued . Those reasons alone were n't enough to order the monitor removed , Orange County Circuit Court Judge Marc Lubet said in his ruling . He said the monitoring device was not fulfilling its purpose . Although the alleged victim , Air Force Capt. Colleen Shipman , testified earlier this month that she remains afraid of Nowak and wants the monitor to remain , Shipman "  chose to travel to the defendant 's hometown of Houston , Texas , on three or four occasions ... to visit her boyfriend " since the incident , Lubet wrote . "  During these trips ... the electronic monitoring GPS device afforded no protection or benefit to Ms. Shipman , as the defendant could freely move about Houston , " Lubet wrote . "  Under these circumstances , it is clear to this court that the electronic monitoring GPS device does not fulfill its intended purpose of protecting Ms. Shipman . " Lubet also cited Nowak 's lack of a prior criminal record . Nowak is "  relieved " to have the device removed , according to a statement issued by defense attorney Don Lykkebak . "  It 's a great relief not to worry about safety issues related to the batteries ' life while I 'm driving , " Nowak said in the statement . "  I 'm also really looking forward to getting back into my former aerobic fitness programs . " Lykkebak 's spokeswoman , Marti Mackenzie , said in the statement that Nowak had developed an indentation and abrasions from the device and will now have a chance to heal . Nowak , 44 , pleaded not guilty March 22 to charges of attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon . Her trial is to begin next month . If convicted she could face a sentence of up to life in prison . Prosecutors say Nowak drove nearly 900 miles from Houston to Orlando , Florida -- wearing diapers to cut down on the number of stops she needed to make -- and went to Orlando International Airport on February 5 . She put on a disguise and followed Shipman from baggage claim to the parking lot , according to court papers . Shipman told police that after she got into her car , Nowak feigned distress and knocked on the window . When Shipman cracked it to talk to her , Nowak sprayed her face with pepper spray , Shipman said . Police said Nowak was apprehended later as she was disposing of her disguise in an airport trash bin . Nowak has said she merely went to the airport to talk to Shipman , who had begun dating Nowak 's former love interest , Navy Cmdr. Bill Oefelein , who was also an astronaut . Oefelein has since left the astronaut corps . Nowak 's attorneys earlier this month filed a notice of intent to rely on an insanity defense , saying in court documents her diagnoses include a litany of more than a dozen psychiatric disorders . In his ruling , Lubet noted that Nowak , a Navy captain , would face additional penalties from the military if she were to violate the conditions of her pretrial release . Nowak has no reason to travel to Florida , where Shipman lives , other than to appear in court , consult with her attorneys or fulfill her military duties , he said , and no reason to travel to Virginia -- where Shipman 's boyfriend now lives . He ordered her to have no contact with Shipman or Oefelein and not to travel to Virginia , Washington , Maryland , Delaware or Brevard County , Florida , without court approval . Lykkebak said in his statement that Nowak has no problem adhering to the travel restrictions . E-mail to a friend	Former astronaut Lisa Nowak can remove ankle monitoring device , judge says Judge says device not fulfilling its purpose Nowak is accused of assaulting and attempting to kidnap romantic rival Nowak 's attorneys have filed a notice of intent to rely on an insanity defense
CNN  Gareth Bale scored twice for Wales as they beat Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualification , taking them to the top of their group and on course for a first major finals since the 1958 World Cup . The Real Madrid striker dominated the game in the northern city of Haifa , setting up Arsenal 's Aaron Ramsay for the first goal before scoring twice in the second half to help Wales easily beat an Israel team who had been early pacesetters in the group . Club v country Much of the build up had focused on Bale . After an impressive first season at Madrid he has come under attack in the Spanish press for putting country before club . He was awarded 0/10 by Spanish newspaper Marca following Barcelona 's recent 2-1 El Clasico win and saw two fans attack his car as he left the ground after the match . But Bale did n't appear to be showing any signs of rust as he took Israel apart , a team that had n't lost a competitive game in two and a half years . "  To come out on top is amazing . The first half was very hard . We did a lot of running , closed them down well , and luckily got the goal which gave us a lot of confidence , " Bale told British broadcaster Sky Sports after the game . "  We came out in the second half buzzing and showed what a good team we are . " he added . Italy , Czech Republic held Meanwhile Italy narrowly avoided defeat against Bulgaria . A flurry of first half goals in Sofia had given Bulgaria a 2-1 lead , a lead they looked to have held on to . But late in the game Brazilian-born striker Eder scored on his debut to spare Italy 's blushes . The Czech Republic also narrowly avoided defeat , against lowly Latvia . Vaclav Pilar 's last-minute equalizer in Prague was just enough to keep them top of the group , with Iceland hot on their heels after a 3-0 victory against Kazakhstan .	Gareth Bale scores twice as Wales beat Israel 3-0 in Euro 2016 qualification He 'd been criticized by Real Madrid for putting country before club More shocks as Bulgaria hold Italy
All the elements were there for low turnout : It was a beautiful , cloudless night , the Iowa-Iowa State game had just ended , and the state 's critical place in presidential politics still felt years away for most Iowans . But on Saturday night in Dubuque , Iowa , roughly 130 people showed up to see Independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont talk about elevating the middle class , nationalizing health care and fighting the degrading influence of money in politics . And they did n't just listen -- they urged him to run for president in 2016 . "  We need a political revolution in this country , " Sanders said , to applause . "  Politics is terribly important , and what happens in Washington and state capitals is also enormously important . " A largely older , markedly liberal audience listened to Sanders for over an hour inside the student center of the local university . Before the event started , attendees chatted about the senator coming to Dubuque and whether he was going to run for president . Many said they hoped so , mostly because they want a liberal option in the Democratic primary in 2016 . "  Everything he says speaks to me about who I am as an American , as a voter , as a middle-class voter , " said Ann Bodnar-Donovan , who sat in the front row at the event . Others echoed her sentiment . Sanders did not actually mention his presidential aspirations from the dais , but his event in Iowa -- along with town halls in Waterloo and Des Moines on Sunday -- made it clear that he is toying with a bid . The final steak fry : Honoring Harkin with a large helping of politics Sanders told CNN earlier last week that he was thinking about a run and was traveling to Iowa to "  find out what kind of support there is for a progressive agenda . " He wo n't say whether he would run as an Independent or a Democrat , but his supporters in Iowa clearly wanted him to run as a liberal Democrat . Sanders was not the only potential 2016 candidate in Iowa this weekend . Hillary Clinton , the prohibitive front-runner for the nomination if she chooses to run , is headlining the Harkin Steak Fry in Des Moines on Sunday . It is her first event in the Hawkeye State in over six years . Clinton 's and Sanders ' events could n't be more different . The former secretary of state will speak to more than 5,000 people at an idyllic field south of Des Moines . Signs adorn every corner of the event , which will see over 2,500 pounds of steak grilled and served . The only signage for Sanders ' event was a small piece of cardboard in front of the building that read "  Bernie Sanders . " But Sanders is benefiting from Clinton . People at his event liked the fact he was courting Iowa despite Clinton 's front-runner status and was willing to stand up and possibly challenge her from the left . "  I think the Democratic party needs to move a little bit to the liberal , progressive side , " said Marcos Rubinstein , who organized Dennis Kucinich 's 2008 Iowa campaign . "  I want to hear him . Of course I like him , I know his history . " Before his speech , Sanders reflected on the third beheading of a Western individual by ISIS and President Barack Obama 's authorization of military strikes in Syria . "  Clearly ISIS is a terrorist organization , a brutal organization , a dangerous organization , " Sanders told CNN , before he quickly turned to a topic he is more comfortable about : the middle class and the economy . "  In the midst of dealing with ISIS , it is absolutely imperative that we not ignore the huge problems facing the middle class and working families of this country . " The senator did devote a great deal of his speech to speaking about the future of the United States , including outlining a plan he called the "  Agenda for America . " His first point was the most well-received : "  We have got to restore the democracy to the United States of America by overturning this disastrous Citizens United Supreme Court decision . ... I do not believe that people fought and died for democracy so that billionaires can buy elections . " Sanders has become a champion of overturning the 2010 Citizens United ruling , which opened the floodgates for outside money in politics and ballooned the amount spent on campaigns . He spent the last week arguing as much from the Senate floor . On health care , Sanders added that "  the United States of America needs to join with the rest of the industrialized world and have a nationalized health care . " Sanders ended his speech with a call to action , urging attendees to begin a conversation and organize support in northeast Iowa for the issues he was addressing . "  Our job is to educate , is to organize , is to go outside our zone of comfort , " he said . "  We need to build coalitions . " Clinton tops Democrats in Iowa while Huckabee leads Republicans Sanders challenges Hillary Clinton	Sen. Bernie Sanders is on a three-stop tour of Iowa , which raises presidential questions In Dubuque , Sanders calls for "  a political revolution " and asks supporters to organize Sanders is in Iowa at the same time as Hillary Clinton , the 2016 favorite
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic and Victoria Azarenka continued their dominance of men 's and women 's tennis by registering straight-sets wins at the Indian Wells Masters in California . The respective Australian Open champions are unbeaten in 2013 , with second-ranked Azarenka on a 17-match winning streak while world No. 1 Djokovic is 15-0 for the year . Djokovic overcame a first-set battle to beat Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov 7-6  7-4  6-1 in the third round . Next up for the 25-year-old top seed is soon-to-be U.S. No. 1 Sam Querrey . "  He started off well today  Tuesday  , but then I think he gave me the break with four double faults , " Serbia 's six-time grand slam champion told the ATP World Tour 's website . "  I have n't done much really in the match in the second set when I made two breaks . It was all of his unforced errors , so I just needed to hang in there and try to be patient . "  I just tried to stay positive and calm and hang in there and wait for the chances . So that 's , I guess , the biggest positive I can take out of today 's performance . " Querrey will usurp world No. 15 John Isner as the top American male tennis player after a 7-6  7-5  6-7  7-9  7-5 defeat of Australian 23rd seed Marinko Matosevic earned him a last-16 place . "  It means a lot . It 's a great feeling , " said Querrey , the last player to beat Djokovic in an ATP event , in Paris in November . "  I feel like I have worked hard to earn it . Everyone seems like they 've got their shot with Andy  Roddick  and Mardy  Fish  and James  Blake  and John , and so I feel like it 's my turn now . " Third seed Andy Murray saved five break points on his way to a 6-3 6-2 victory over Taiwan 's Yen-Hsun Lu , avenging his defeat to the world No. 79 at the Beijing 2008 Olympics . Murray , the 2012 U.S. Open champion , will play Carlos Berlocq in the fourth round after the Argentine upset 16th seed Kei Nishikori . Berlocq 's compatriot Juan Martin del Potro beat unseeded Bjorn Phau 6-2 7-5 to set up a meeting with the German 's veteran compatriot Tommy Haas . In the women 's draw , top seed Azarenka will play former world No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki in the quarterfinals after overcoming an ankle injury to beat Poland 's Urszula Radwanska 6-3 6-1 . "  It was pretty obvious I was n't feeling that well -- my ankle was bothering me , it 's been bothering me for a while , and it has n't really been getting better , " defending champion Azarenka told the WTA Tour 's official website . "  But on the bright side , I won the match today . I overcame those things and -- I do n't know how -- managed to just take my opportunities and really go for my shots and make it happen , and not just wait for her mistakes . " Wozniacki dug deep to get the better of Russian 10th seed Nadia Petrova , eventually emerging with a 7-6  7-3  6-3 success . "  Victoria has improved in a few ways that have helped her a lot , " said the Dane . "  I think I 'm playing well . She 's obviously playing well . I 'm looking forward to playing her again . We 'll see what happens ; I definitely need to bring my A-game . " Second seed Maria Sharapova , beaten by Azarenka in last year 's final , will play 2012 French Open runner-up Sara Errani in the quarterfinals . Sharapova reached the last eight for a third successive year by beating Lara Arruabarrena-Vecino of Spain 7-5 6-0 . "  I just did n't get a good rhythm on her game from the beginning , " the Russian said . "  But I thought towards the end of the first and beginning of the second set I really stepped it up , was being more aggressive , and really gave myself a better margin than I did throughout the first set . " Italy 's Errani won her eighth straight match , beating French ninth seed Marion Bartoli 6-3 6-2 . Fifth seed Petra Kvitova reached the quarterfinals of the event for the first time in her career with a win over fellow Czech Klara Zakopalova . The 2011 Wimbledon champion set up a tie with Russia 's Maria Kirilenko , who shocked Poland 's world No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska with a 6-1 4-6 7-5 triumph . The remaining quarterfinal pits Australian seventh seed Samantha Stosur against sixth-ranked German Angelique Kerber . Stosur came from behind to defeat another German , 24th seed Mona Barthel , while Kerber -- seeded fourth in the absence of world No. 1 Serena Williams and No. 5 Li Na -- beat Spanish qualifier Garbine Muguruza 6-4 7-5 .	Novak Djokovic and Victoria Azarenka both continue winning runs at Indian Wells World No. 1 Djokovic wins 15th straight match against Bulgaria 's Grigor Dimitrov Azarenka 's winning streak now stands at 17 after victory over Urszula Radwanska Sam Querrey will replace John Isner as the top-ranked American male tennis player
CNN  -- All-conquering rally champion Sebastien Loeb has told CNN that it is "  too late " for him to consider a career switch to Formula One . The Frenchman , who has broken every record in the off-track motorsport in clinching a seventh consecutive world title this season , had his dreams dashed late last year when he was refused a licence to drive in F1 . "  I do n't think it 's potential for the future , " Loeb told World Sport 's Kate Giles when asked if still had any ambitions to drive in F1 . "  The story about Formula One started because Red Bull gave me the opportunity to test after my title in 2008 , and everyone was very surprised that I was close to the times . "  That gave the idea to Red Bull to make me drive in a race -LSB- in 2009 for feeder team Toro Rosso -RSB- , and finally at the last everything was planned to do the last race of the season and the FIA did n't give me the licence for that . Blog : Vettel win ushers in new era "  Now I 'm 36 years old and when you see some young drivers coming in , they 're 20 years old , so maybe 's it 's a bit too late . If I have the opportunities to drive a Formula One car , for sure I will take it , but I 've got no plan to do a career in that . " Loeb bounced back from that disappointment to take out his frustrations on his rally rivals this year , clinching another crown in his hometown of Haguenau early last month . "  It was really special for me . A few years ago I could n't expect to have a rally in my hometown , " he said . "  Now I had it this year and I finally won the rally and the championship in the same place , so for sure it was a lot of emotion and a great atmosphere , a really good rally . There were a lot of fans , my family was here and my friends , so it was really good . " Loeb has dominated the World Rally Championship with Citroen , having won a record 64 races ahead of this weekend 's season-ending event in Wales , Britain . He claimed his first victory in Germany in 2002 and was then championship runner-up by just one point the following year as Citroen made a fulltime entry to the competition . So how does he maintain motivation after sweeping all behind him in the past seven years ? "  My motivation is just because I like what I do . I enjoy driving , I enjoy the fight and the competition . My goal next year will be to get another title , " Loeb said . He revealed , however , that he is getting near the end of his rally career . It 's on my mind , yes , but when I do n't know . I will drive next year , that 's the plan . For the future , I have no idea at the moment , I will drive as long as I am motivated . And for the future I will maybe have some other plans , but not specially in Formula One . "	Sebastien Loeb confirms that he will not be trying to earn a deal in Formula One The Frenchman has clinched a record seventh consecutive world rally title He was refused a licence to race in F1 last year by ruling body the FIA The 36-year-old says he plans to continue in rallying next year and win another title
CNN  -- Crashes had whittled the expected field from 22 to five , with wreckage from at least a dozen aircraft at one point strewn about the French airfield . But it did not deter between 300,000 to 500,000 from flocking to the Betheny Plain outside Reims for the final event , drawn by the rush of seeing planes turn , twist and race through the air -- and not deterred by the evident risk . That account , from the U.S. Centennial of Flight Commission , was from 1909 . More than 100 years later , air shows -- which may include air races -- continue to draw millions . In the process , they generate $ 110 million annually in the U.S. and Canada alone , according to John Cudahy , president of the International Council of Air Shows . A spike this year in fatalities at such events has raised fresh questions about safety . But it has not detracted from the enthusiasm of many aviation enthusiasts , who still view such races as enthralling competitions . "  It 's exciting , it 's incredibly moving to see these airplanes do what they do and handle the way they are , " said aviation analyst Jim Tilmon , himself a former pilot in the U.S. military and with American Airlines , who then compared it to its risks and thrills with auto racing and other sports . Such danger was apparent Friday , when pilot Jimmy Leeward 's P-51 aircraft plunged into spectators during a qualifying run at the National Championship Air Races and Air Show outside Reno , Nevada . Nine people -- including the pilot -- were killed , with many more injured . A day later , U.S. Air National Guard Lt. Nate Nueller said an aircraft crashed at a show in Martinsburg , West Virginia , killing the pilot . Cudahy noted there had been at least 13 deaths at U.S. air shows this year -- after none for 2009 and 2010 . Mike Cummings , crew chief for the Blue Thunder racing team , watched Leeward 's World War II-era plane fly over his head , invert , go into a loop , then slam into the ground . He called the crash "  very traumatic  for  the very close-knit " air racing community , be they people such as himself who knew Leeward personally or other enthusiasts worldwide of the sport . Still , he said it would not deter him from continuing to participate . Nor would he hesitate to bring family members , as he has done often in the past , to watch planes race . "  My kids  love the air races , " said Cummings . "  They realize it 's dangerous , that it 's not a Sunday afternoon in the park . " Air races are sometimes a part of , but distinct from , "  air shows , " which generally are exhibitions in which pilots demonstrate aerobatics and other aerial moves . In a race , pilots compete against one another to see who can go fastest . There are several forms , the most high-profile being the Red Bull Air Race circuit in which competitors race against a clock and do aerobatic maneuvers , before being compared . Its pilots come from around the world -- Japan , Brazil , England and beyond -- oft competing in picturesque locales in front of hundreds of thousands of people , including well over 1 million recently in Dubai . The Reno race , by contrast , was a lap race . Competitors , typically five to eight at a time , fly a predetermined number of laps in large ovals that range from 3 to 8 miles , depending on the type of plane . And the fledgling Sky Challenge racing circuit is a head-to-head race that melds the two concepts while adding various safety measures . CEO Peter Newport said he is currently criss-crossing the globe for meetings to set up future events . Whatever the air race form , Newport said the common challenge is balancing the desire to maximize both excitement and safety . The latter becomes a bigger challenge than with conventional aircraft , since the pilots -- however well-trained -- are trying to push their planes to the limits . Those involved in such events point out the numerous safety checks in place . Only 320 pilots , for instance , are certified to fly in air shows , much less air races , said Cudahy . And the Federal Aviation Administration notes that its employees closely examine a race course , monitor pilots ' practice runs , examine their and their planes ' safety records and observe the races themselves . This is all in addition to pre-race inspections of the aircraft . Still , as authorities learned again Friday , there are limits to what can be done when pilots are trying to get the most from their aircraft -- especially if there 's an unanticipated mechanical failure . "  An air race is a very , very high-speed race close to the ground with aircraft that have been modified to fly much faster than were originally designed to fly , " Tilmon said . "  You can call this an extreme sport  because the plane and pilot  are being pushed to the absolute edge . " Newport , for one , believes that new technology can make such events safer without losing any of the sport 's luster -- something , he said , is needed to encourage more young people to go into aviation . And he thinks that , once the safety questions are answered , air racing should grow even more popular and take its place among conventional sports like baseball , soccer , golf and the like . "  I think air racing will be the world 's predominant sport in 10 year 's time , " said Newport , anticipating it could be a huge spectator and revenue draw without heavy expenses such as building stadiums . "  The challenge is  balancing  excitement and safety ... Unless you achieve those two things , it 's hard to see how it becomes a global sport . " CNN 's David George contributed to this report .	Air shows , which may include races , generate $ 110 million annually in the U.S. , Canada The first air race was in 1909 , and today millions attend such competitions worldwide There have been 13 air show deaths in U.S. this year , an official says An official predicts that air racing "  will be the world 's predominant sport in 10 years "
In its fight against Islamist terror militia ISIS , the Iraqi army may be weakened from within by corrupt soldiers not showing for duty -- 50,000 of them . Maybe more . The country 's Prime Minister has found as many so-called "  ghost " soldiers , he told Parliament on Sunday . "  Ghost " soldiers are members of the armed forces , who pay off their commanders with a portion of their salaries , so they do n't have to man their posts . "  Only by checking paperwork , I managed during this month to eliminate 50,000 ghost soldiers in four Iraqi army divisions , " Haider al-Abadi said . Lawmakers erupted in shouts at his announcement . Investigators are looking for additional cases , and al-Abadi expects many more to turn up . "  I feel sad that all that time we were paying salaries , and we do n't have money , while other soldiers are fighting and getting killed , and some soldiers are getting paid without appearing , " he said . The Prime Minister vowed to punish those responsible . ISIS , the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , has captured and held broad swaths of territory in Iraq 's north and west . Iraqi military forces have often appeared in disarray while doing battle against the extremists .	"  Ghost " soldiers pay off their commanders , so they do n't have to show for duty Iraq 's Prime Minister says he found them by checking paperwork He believes investigators will find many more cases Parliament erupted in shouts at the Prime Minister 's announcement
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and foreign ministers from more than a dozen countries met Monday to discuss how to rebuild Haiti after the devastating January 12 earthquake . Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive also attended the one-day meeting of the Friends of Haiti group of nations in Montreal , Quebec . The United Nations , International Monetary Fund , World Bank and European Union also sent representatives , according to Canada 's Foreign Ministry . In Haiti , desperate residents of Port-au-Prince , the capital , waited for two hours in lines around the heavily damaged Presidential Palace to get their first relief supplies , bags of rice or beans . U.N. troops brandishing automatic weapons kept order . Any spilled food prompted fast scavenging by those hanging around the distribution point . One woman , Via Maria Rosile , took off her shirt to collect a small pile of dropped beans . Watch images of a shattered palace "  I am very unhappy , " Rosile said . "  So far , until now we have received nothing . " The aim of the Montreal meeting is to develop a strategy for early recovery and longer-term reconstruction of Haiti . Once the strategy is set , a donors ' conference to secure funding would take place . Clinton told reporters traveling with her to the meeting that the donors ' conference would take place in "  the next 30 to 60 days . " "  There 's a tremendous desire to help , but we 've got to create the mechanisms so that it can be done effectively , and we 've got to get the Haitian government 's capacity to lead put together , " she said . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper told the meeting 's attendees that the challenge is enormous . Interactive map : Where to find aid "  It is not an exaggeration to say that 10 years of hard work awaits the world in Haiti , " he said , according to CNN affiliate CTV , a Canadian television network . He noted the initial outpouring of money and relief aid for Haiti , which he called generous in the face of human catastrophe . "  The difficulty we face , then , is not one of concern but rather one of coordination , " Harper said . "  We must ensure that every resource committed -- every relief worker , every vehicle , every dollar -- is used as effectively as possible . " The United States has committed $ 100 million in emergency aid to Haiti , and Clinton said Monday "  there will be more to come . " At the same time , Clinton noted to reporters that even before the quake , Haiti had an economic development plan worked out with the United Nations and others that was intended to modernize the economy after decades of political and social instability . The earthquake required a revision of the plan , rather than scrapping it entirely , she said . "  It was a legitimate plan . It was done in conjunction with other international donors , with the United Nations , " Clinton said . "  And I do n't want to start from scratch , but we have to recognize the changed challenges we are now confronting . " Bellerive , in comments at the meeting reported by CTV , also said Haiti must achieve a new development path rather than simply returning to the same situation that existed before the earthquake . "  What we are speaking about is relaunching our country on a path of development . It is not a question of going back to the status quo , " he said , according to CTV . Port-au-Prince will have to be rebuilt and public institutions decentralized to meet the needs of the hundreds of thousands of Haitians expected to relocate to rural areas , CTV reported Bellerive as saying . In addition , Monday 's meeting provided an opportunity for the donor community , the Haitian government and the United Nations to review progress so far in the delivery of humanitarian assistance to Haiti . A senior European diplomat , speaking on condition of anonymity to reporters in Washington , said the countries attending the Montreal meeting want to avoid pouring money into Haiti in ways that previously have yielded little result . Priorities might include agriculture , reforestation and building new roads , with projects carried out in coordination with the Haitian government , according to the diplomat . The diplomat also said France is ready to host a donors ' conference on the Caribbean island of Martinique . A spokesman for the Saudi Arabian Foreign Ministry said Monday that the nation donated $ 50 million to Haiti for relief aid . The spokesman , Usama al-Nugali , said the money has already been received by the United Nations . Monday 's meeting came as Haitians reacted with anger and frustration to news that efforts to rescue possible survivors had been called off . Looking for loved ones in Haiti Thousands of people pushed Sunday for rescue efforts to continue after a 24-year-old man was pulled alive from rubble Saturday , 11 days after the earthquake . He had no injuries , but was dehydrated . His brother said he had survived on cookies and beer from the store of the Hotel Napoli Inn , where he worked . He is recovering in a hospital . Families of Americans who were staying at the Hotel Montana started an online petition Saturday in an effort to get search efforts to continue "  until all the survivors are accounted for . " As of Sunday morning , 2,395 people had signed the petition and sent 6,216 messages to the Senate , Congress and the White House , said Sue Keller , a friend of a family whose relatives are among the missing . So far , 59 Americans , including three children , are confirmed dead in the magnitude-7 .0 earthquake , the U.S. State Department said Monday . The deaths include one U.S. embassy employee , previously identified as Victoria DeLong , and three children of embassy employees , according to Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley . Another 37 Americans are presumed dead , Crowley said . About 11,500 Americans and some of their Haitian family members , who had medical emergencies or other circumstances , have been evacuated from Haiti , according to Crowley . The Haitian government has said the earthquake is believed to have killed at least 150,000 people . Tired of stench , Haitians torch bodies in plaza The rescues that occurred over the past week sparked hope among families of the missing . International search teams have rescued at least 132 people , the United Nations said . More than 600,000 people have been left homeless in and around the capital , Port-au-Prince , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said . CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Mohammed Jamjoom , Elise Labott and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	U.S. has committed $ 100 million in aid to Haiti , with more to come , Clinton says Ten years of hard work needed to rebuild Haiti , Canadian PM tells meeting Top officials from more than a dozen countries meet in Montreal on Monday Families of the missing fight Haiti 's effort to shift from rescue to recovery mode
Why in the world would Scott Brown , a former half-term Senator from Mitt Romney 's Massachusetts , put himself in the mix for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination ? The real question is : Why not ? When Brown told the Des Moines Register over the weekend that he was heading to the Iowa State Fair "  to determine whether there 's an interest in my brand of leadership and Republicanism , " the news was met with some amusement by political insiders . After all , Brown has already floated bids for New Hampshire senator and Massachusetts governor , and he does n't seem likely to pursue either . 2016 Watch : Scott Brown makes a stop in Iowa Brown was thumped by Elizabeth Warren in his 2012 re-election bid , and he became something of a punch line earlier this year after he unleashed a volley of questionable late night tweets at some online critics . But so what ? The truth is that in today 's media environment , there 's almost no downside for a long-shot "  candidate " like Brown to tell people he 's mulling a White House run . For someone with no real perch other than a paid gig at Fox News , it actually makes a lot of sense . Just by going to the Iowa State Fair , a must-do for any ambitious pol , Brown will be rewarded with the only currency that matters in modern campaign politics  other than hard fundraising dollars  : Buzz . "  Funnel cake and free name ID . What 's not to love ? " asked Will Ritter , a Boston-based GOP operative and former Mitt Romney adviser . "  How many stories got posted about Ed Markey 's legislative agenda yesterday ? It 's fun . Senator Brown 's a skilled retail politician and this gives him a platform to talk about a brand of Republicanism we could use more of . " For obsessive political watchers , Brown 's shamelessness about the whole enterprise is kind of refreshing . "  I do admire the audacity to just go to the state fair and tweet about it , " said Jeff Smith , a professor at the New School and regular contributor to the Washington Twitter conversation . Brown knows exactly what he 's doing . Scott Brown stirs speculation with New Hampshire visit It 's the same reason Iowa Rep. Steve King and New York Rep. Peter King  no relation ; not even close  are "  refusing to rule out " a 2016 bid . Will either of them be taking the oath of office one day ? Nope . But with so many news platforms to fill -- on television , on the web , on the radio -- a presidential trial balloon or a trip to Iowa is almost guaranteed to get you at least a crumb of media exposure , a boost in stature , and maybe even a few campaign contributions down the road . Just look at this month 's Family Leadership Summit , a gathering of social conservatives in Iowa that drew potential 2016 presidential contenders Ted Cruz and Rick Santorum to the first-in-the-nation caucus state . Both men seem likely to run for the Republican nomination , and both will be returning to Iowa over and over and over again in the coming years . But even if they do n't , the two conservatives proved how keeping one 's name in the 2016 conversation is its own reward . In their speeches , Cruz and Santorum issued a series of anti-Obama bromides and boosted their profiles with the grassroots activists who attended the Iowa summit . Neither Republican did a single thing to advance the news cycle other than board an airplane to Des Moines . Yet there they were , trailed at every turn by reporters from the Washington Post , Des Moines Register , Associated Press , New York Times , Dallas Morning News , Wall Street Journal , NBC News , ABC News and Fox News . Another Cruz trip to Iowa stokes 2016 speculation "  The focus on the 2016 presidential contest is completely ridiculous , and everybody knows it , " wrote David Weigel of Slate after witnessing the cattle call . Well , not completely . In our atomized media ecosystem , there 's certainly a market for niche political coverage , in the same way there 's a market for micro-reporting on the status of Robert Griffin III 's return from knee surgery . More importantly , the presidential cycle is starting earlier than it ever has , with advisers to likely candidates working behind the scenes to assemble campaign infrastructure and peddle dirt on their potential opponents . On the Republican side , Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are driving national discussions about ideology and governance . Still , there 's a difference between running for president and "  running " for president , even though it 's sometimes difficult to tell the difference . Running for president requires hard work , an ungodly amount of fundraising effort , a professional team of advisers , polling , a paid media strategy , a voter contact operation and ballot access . See : Romney , Mitt . "  Running " for president means doing a lot of interviews and delivering some well-timed lines in debates . See : Cain , Herman . Which category does Scott Brown fall under ? For the moment , it would seem the latter . Looking at the 2016 GOP field , Christie probably has the Northeastern Republican lane all to himself , a prospect that would make it difficult for Brown to raise money . Before his Iowa trip , Brown met privately with Christie at the Republican National Committee 's summer conference in Boston , a meeting first reported by the New York Times . Christie raised money for Brown several times during his Senate tenure , and , according to one Christie insider , the two are "  very friendly . " Then there 's the fact that Brown , who supports some abortion rights , is n't exactly a hardliner on social issues that matter to so many Republican caucus-goers in Iowa . Even some of his former advisers are n't sure what he 's up to . Eric Fehrnstrom , the media strategist who crafted Brown 's truck-driving , regular-guy image during his stunning 2010 Senate upset , is not currently advising him , Republican sources told CNN . Asked by text message if he 's serious about a presidential bid , one Republican who talks to Brown often responded : "  Who knows . You should call him and ask . " "  He 's acting on his own , as far as I can tell , " another onetime adviser said in an e-mail . But what if Brown takes off ? What if he gains a toehold in New Hampshire , rises to high single digits in the polls sometime in 2015 , and gets invited to some Republican primary debates ? What if he rattles off a few good lines , has his moment in the sun , and then fades ? He will have lost absolutely nothing -- but gained a spot on some vice presidential short lists along with a hike in his post-campaign speaking fees . Another Republican who has spoken with Brown recently is n't surprised by the sudden interest in the presidential spotlight . Brown , this person said , is a relentlessly enthusiastic guy who still takes great pride in capturing Ted Kennedy 's old Senate seat . "  The fact that he is in Iowa does n't surprise me , " the Republican told CNN . "  In ' 16 , it 's not a bad idea to put your name out there and see where it takes you . He was enthusiastic about getting back in the national conversation . I could definitely anticipate this . "	There 's a difference between running for president and "  running " for president Scott Brown served part of one term in the Senate before losing his re-election bid There 's almost no downside in a politician saying he 's considering a presidential run Even some of his former advisers say they do n't know what Brown is up to
Washington  CNN  -- Prosecutors hope to determine by Labor Day whether Virginia 's first family broke any laws regarding a gift-giving scandal that has engulfed Gov. Bob McDonnell and tarnished the once-sterling reputation of the Republican politician , a source with knowledge of the matter told CNN . Lawyers for McDonnell and his wife met with prosecutors in the city of Alexandria on Monday as the Justice Department sought clarity over previously undisclosed gifts given to the governor and his family by the chief executive of a troubled dietary supplement company . McDonnell had no comment on the meetings . The desire to reach some kind of conclusion about the direction of the investigation in coming weeks revolves around the Virginia election in November to chose McDonnell 's successor . The Justice Department generally avoids bringing cases against politicians if it might impact an election . That race is one of the nastiest gubernatorial contests in the country . It 's between Republican Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli , who has his own ties to the man behind the McDonnell scandal , and Democrat Terry McAuliffe , a heavyweight political fundraiser , businessman and close friend of Bill and Hillary Clinton . It has been a stunning turn of events for McDonnell , a well mannered former star in Republican politics who rose from state legislator to Virginia attorney general to governor . McDonnell 's future was so bright not long ago . He won the governorship handily in 2009 and had maintained his popularity in a southern presidential battleground state that votes blue , but just barely . His fundraising acumen , message discipline and understated charm helped lift him to the chairmanship of the Republican Governors Association in 2011 , a post other governors have used as a springboard to a presidential campaign . He was mentioned as a possible running mate for Mitt Romney . "  Clearly Bob McDonnell has had a great interest in national office . It was clear following his landslide victory for governor , " said Jeff Schapiro , columnist for the Richmond Times-Dispatch . But things came apart this year over revelations about the first family 's ties to Jonnie Williams of Star Scientific , a friend and campaign contributor . Questions center on gifts : $ 15,000 for catering costs for McDonnell 's daughter 's wedding , $ 15,000 for clothing purchases for his wife , Maureen , and $ 6,500 for a Rolex watch . Maureen McDonnell also bought stock in the company and promoted its products at a luncheon at the governor 's mansion in Richmond . A key question remains : Did McDonnell accept things of value in exchange for official acts -- which he denies -- or did he willfully turn a blind eye to gifts for his wife ? McDonnell maintains he did n't know about the gifts or the stock and has denied wrongdoing . McDonnell said he has already repaid Williams tens of thousands of dollars and said he has broken no laws . He and his allies have cautiously defended the lack of disclosure as consistent with Virginia law , which does not require elected officials to report gifts provided to family members like McDonnell 's wife and daughter . Elected officials in Virginia are allowed to accept gifts over $ 50 , as long as they are publicly disclosed . McDonnell has reported other gifts from Williams , including a stay at a lake house and private plane travel . Williams has also given generously to McDonnell 's political organization . Andrew McBride , a former U.S. attorney in Alexandria , told CNN this would be a very difficult case for prosecutors without clear evidence of a quid pro quo . "  You have the money aspect , and you have the receipt of the money , what I do n't see for a federal crime right now is the governor acting in his official capacity in order to aid Star Scientific , in exchange for the money , " said McBride . There are calls for McDonnell to step down , but he said in July that he plans to finish his term . Although prosecutors apparently do not like for these kinds of investigations to impact elections , Cuccinelli has not escaped the controversy . He owned stock in Williams ' company but sold off shares earlier this year . He also collected more than $ 18,000 in gifts from the executive and stayed at his vacation house . An ethics investigation of Cuccinelli 's relationship with Williams cleared the attorney general of any wrongdoing but revealed that Cuccinelli put the executive in touch with an attorney who could help him win grants from a state agency . Resignation would solve one problem , create another CNN 's Peter Hamby contributed to this report .	Prosecutors trying to determine by Labor Day whether to bring charges against McDonnell One-time Republican rising star was believed to be future presidential contender McDonnell said that he has paid back gifts to him and his family from businessman Latest discovery is that McDonnell 's wife Maureen bought Star Scientific stock
CNN  The mayor of Danbury , Connecticut , appears to be the first to give the Northeast 's ice storm a hashtag : #Icezilla . Mark Boughton tweeted updates to his constituents about the icy weather ; some of them were enduring interruptions on the metro this weekend as freezing rain coated Connecticut and Pennsylvania and pelted New Jersey and New York . "  Still slippery , but calls are slowing down in our 911 center . #Danbury #Icezilla , " Boughton tweeted . Do n't drive . Just do n't do it , fire and police officials are urging . They said every surface is slick : Bridges , overpasses , interstates . A photo on the Danbury Fire Police Facebook page shows a lighted road sign that says , "  The roads are wicked slippery ! " Pennsylvania Department of Transportation spokesman Charles Metzger said conditions will warm as the day goes on , but it will continue to rain throughout the day . Two people have died in accidents related to black ice in the Philadelphia area , state police said . After crashing into at least 20 cars piled up on Interstate 76 , one person was killed after getting out of a car and being hit by an oncoming vehicle , authorities said . Black ice coated Interstate 95 near the city , law enforcement told CNN , and there was an accident at every mile marker . Pile-ups shut down parts of both interstates , a dispatcher said . At least one person has died in Harford County , Maryland , said State Police spokesman Greg Shipley . There have been dozens of crashes throughout central and northern Maryland on Sunday , he said . Most of them occurred in Howard , Baltimore , Harford and Cecil counties . Troopers who had worked through the night kept working when their shifts were over , and more troopers were called in to help assist passengers who had accidents , he said . Statewide , Shipley estimates that at least 100 car accidents have occurred . "  The State Highway Administration is out in force salting " bridges , ramps and overpasses , he said . The slick roads are causing the highest number of traffic accidents this winter in New Jersey , said State Police Sgt. Jeff Flynn . There have been 428 accidents and 186 calls to help people who have been in accidents in areas that the police are patrolling , he said Sunday morning . There could be other accidents the department is n't aware of yet . "  So this is n't even the whole picture , " Flynn told CNN . Even a salt truck slid and crashed into three cars East Orange , New Jersey , according to CNN affiliate News12 . Flynn knows that no matter how much officials urge people to stay off the roads , many will choose to drive or feel they have to drive . "  If you have to be out , " Flynn said , "  drive slower than you would in the snow . " The cold is also wracking other states this weekend . Winter storm warnings are in effect through Monday morning for upstate Vermont and portions of New Hampshire , Maine and western Massachusetts . In Vermont , there could be between 3 and 7 inches of snow and 10 inches in the state 's highest elevations .	Ice storms hit Connecticut , New York , New Jersey and Pennsylvania #Icezilla is the name the mayor of Danbury , Connecticut , gave the storm
CNN  -- Six-time champion Roger Federer has failed to make the title match at Wimbledon for the first time since 2002 after being dumped out in the quarterfinals on Wednesday . Federer 's title defense came crashing to a halt in the face of an inspired performance from Tomas Berdych in London . The Swiss star was knocked out at the last-eight stage of a tennis grand slam event for second successive time following his similar exit at the French Open a month ago . Czech 12th seed Berdych triumphed 6-4 3-6 6-1 6-4 in front of a stunned crowd on Centre Court to set up a semifinal clash with No. 3 Novak Djokovic . Federer , the top seed ahead of world No. 1 Rafael Nadal -- who reached the semis by beating sixth seed Robin Soderling -- later revealed that he had been hampered by injuries . "  I am struggling with a little bit of a back and a leg issue . That just does n't quite allow me to play the way I would like to play . So it 's frustrating , to say the least , " the 28-year-old star told reporters , as quoted by AFP . Baseline bard : Wimbledon serves up poetry ace "  The leg injury came in the finals of Halle . That never really went away , and the back 's been feeling really badly stiff for the last five or six days . When you 're hurting , it 's just a combination of many things . You just do n't feel as comfortable . "  Under the circumstances , I think I played a decent match . But I 've been feeling bad for the last two , three matches now . It 's just not good and healthy to play under these kind of conditions . So if there 's anything good about this , it 's that I 'm going to get some rest , that 's for sure . " Federer was sluggish throughout the match , and though Berdych wobbled in the final games , he held his nerve to record the biggest victory of his career to date . Berdych broke Federer 's serve in the seventh game of the opening set to take it 6-4 , but the world number two looked to have regained control as he powered to a 6-3 triumph in the second . Wimbledon 's humble beginnings But Federer 's game fell apart in the third set as Berdych took it 6-1 in just 27 minutes . Another vital break in the fourth set took Berdych to the brink of victory , and he took his second match point to seal an impressive win . It was only Federer 's sixth defeat on Centre Court , but the former champion was still afforded a huge ovation as he waved to the crowd upon leaving the arena . Berdych reached his second grand slam semifinal , having also reached the last four in Paris earlier this month before losing to eventual runner-up Soderling . "  It 's amazing to play in this stadium against such a great player and to leave as the winner is an amazing feeling , " he told the BBC . "  So far it was the toughest game in my career to serve to close out the match . " Earlier , Djokovic brushed aside the challenge of Yen-Hsun Lu to clinch a place in the last four . John Isner on his marathon match at Wimbledon The Serbian had little trouble dispatching Lu , from Taiwan , 6-3 6-2 6-2 in just one hour and 51 minutes on Court No. 1 . Djokovic 's unseeded opponent , who beat American Andy Roddick in the previous round , did n't force a single break point in the entire match . Djokovic told the BBC : "  Nothing is easy these days especially at this stage of the tournament but the way I played I deserved to win . I hit all the shots , played the rallies and was solid from all parts of the court and I am very happy . "  I sincerely hope I can continue with this level of my game but you never know how you are going to wake up in two days but the way I am playing match after match is very encouraging . "  You have nothing to lose in the semifinals and definitely this time I am physically fitter than in my last one three years ago . " Nadal , who beat Federer in the final in 2008 but missed out on last year 's event due to knee problems , was again too strong for Soderling as he followed up his Roland Garros triumph with another win over the Swede . The Spaniard came from behind to win 3-6 6-3 7-6  7-4  6-1 . He will now face Andy Murray after the British fourth seed beat French No. 10 Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-7 7-6 6-2 6-2 . Murray dropped the opening set on a tie-break but took the second by the same method . After that , Tsonga capitulated and Murray wrapped up the third and fourth sets with the minimum of fuss . Speaking of his clash with Nadal Murray told the BBC : "  It will be a great match , it 's always fun . I think we 've played four times in Grand Slams and won two each . I 'm looking forward to it . "	Tomas Berdych knocks top seed Roger Federer out of Wimbledon in the quarterfinals Czech 12th seed beats six-time champion Federer 6-4 3-6 6-1 6-4 He next faces Novak Djokovic in semis after Serbian No. 3 beat Yen-Hsun Lu World No. 1 Rafael Nadal through to last four after beating sixth seed Robin Soderling
ELDORADO , Texas  CNN  -- Dozens more children and young women were removed Saturday from a Texas ranch that is home to members of a polygamist sect , as state workers investigated claims of physical and sexual abuse . Texas authorties used the bus in the background to transport children from a FLDS compound Friday . A total of 183 people -- including 137 children -- have been taken away since law enforcement officers raided the compound Thursday night , said Marleigh Meisner , a spokeswoman for the Texas Child Protective Services Division . The children -- most of them girls -- were being interviewed by special investigators , she said . "  We 're trying to find out if they 're safe , " she explained . "  We need to know if they have been abused or neglected . " Eighteen of the girls have been taken into state custody . Authorities believe that they "  had been abused or were at immediate risk of future abuse , " said Child Protective Services spokesman Darrell Azar . The others were taken to a nearby civic center . Meisner described them as doing "  remarkably well . " Authorities continue to search the 1,900-acre YFZ ranch , occupied by followers of imprisoned polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs , and at least one man is being sought by police . Law enforcement agencies raided the ranch Thursday night after receiving a report Monday that a 16-year-old girl had been "  sexually and physically abused , " Azar said . Watch buses take girls from compound " Law enforcement and child welfare officials were at the ranch all night Thursday and throughout Friday . According to the search warrant , authorities are seeking Dale Barlow , 50 , whom they suspect of having married and fathered a child with a 16-year-old girl . Watch an Eldorado neighbor talk about the raid " The warrant cited an "  immediate need " for authorities to have access to the 16-year-old and an 8-month-old child with either the last name of Barlow or the girl 's last name . It instructs law enforcement officers to look for any records showing that Barlow and the girl were married and any evidence of them having a child . The people living at the ranch are cooperating , authorities said . Jeffs , the 52-year-old leader and "  prophet " of the 10,000-member church , was convicted in Utah last year and sentenced to 10 years on two counts of being an accomplice to rape , charges related to a marriage he performed in 2001 . He faces trial in Arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy . Jeffs ' Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints bought the land near Eldorado four years ago and built the ranch , which they call the YFZ Ranch . The letters are said to refer to the words Yearning for Zion . It is home to as many as 400 members who relocated from their Arizona and Utah compounds . State and local law enforcement agencies set up roadblocks around the ranch Thursday evening , preventing journalists from seeing what was happening on the property , according to Randy Mankin , editor of the Eldorado Success weekly newspaper . "  This came totally out of the blue , " Mankin said . There were no indications of violence around the ranch , he said . When CNN crews have visited the ranch , it was guarded by armed men equipped with night vision gear and other high-tech surveillance tools to prevent intruders . When CNN flew over the ranch in a small plane last year , the crew saw a massive temple , the three-story housing units where Jeffs ' chosen followers live , the water tower , the school and community center , the dairy and cheese factory and a massive concrete mill . The church openly practices polygamy in two towns straddling the Arizona-Utah state line -- Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona -- but members living on their Texas ranch rarely venture into Eldorado , four miles to the south . Critics of the sect say that it arranges marriages for girls as young as 13 and that competition for brides may be reduced through exiling young men . If male followers are excommunicated , the critics claim , their wives and children can be reassigned to someone else . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	NEW : Number of people removed from ranch grows to 183 , including 137 children 18 children are in protective custody Authorities served search , arrest warrants to members of polygamist sect Jeffs in Arizona jail awaiting trial ; sentenced to 10 years in prison last year
CNN  -- There are a ton of old sayings about music : that it 's the food of love , that it soothes the savage beast , that it makes the people come together  yeah  . And for good reason : Over the years , music has remained one of the few things , genres notwithstanding , that most people can agree to enjoy . However , just as genres and sounds have twisted and changed over the years  just watch these elderly folks listening to Skrillex for proof  the way we listen to , consume and integrate music into our daily lives has also shifted and altered . Now , with the advent of the Web and advances in technology , music can occupy every corner of our mundane existence -- like a particularly pungent cooking odor , but in a good way . That 's why this week , we 're going to highlight a passel of helpful music apps that do more than just , well , allow you to listen to music . Instead , they help your mood , your schedule and even your love life . All of these apps live on Spotify 's new app platform , a whole new world of services built by developers within the streaming-music service 's desktop client . So stop merely listening to music . It 's time to live it , too . 1  Moodagent Everything sucks . You twisted your ankle , broke a plate , tripped on the curb , walked past a black cat , smashed a mirror , ripped your pants , had a fight with your boyfriend , contracted an STD  the reason for the aforementioned fight  and lost your job  did we mention your boyfriend was your boss ?  . How , oh how , are you to pull yourself up by your bootstraps out of the doldrums and myriad other cliches ? Well , it 's an oft-bandied-about assertion that smiling makes you happy , so why not find a way to add some twitch to the sides of your lips with Spotify app Moodagent ? When you fire up the app , you can pick from an array of playlist moods -- Sensual , Tender , Happy , Angry -- or search for a song that evokes a certain mood and create a mix of similar tunes . Oh , and although many kitten posters say laughter is the best medicine , maybe after lightening your mood , you should also hit up your doctor . 2  Fellody When seapunk emerged from the briny depths of the Internet a mere handful of months ago , you felt that that you were finally whole . You immediately went out and purchased a bottle of blue hair dye and various and sundry jaunty nautically themed vestments from your local Salvation Army and soon thereafter created a Tumblr replete with Little Mermaid/Enya GIFs . However , although your heart had been recently revivicated by that most viral of electronica currents , it still felt empty -- because you had no one with whom to share your oceanic ardor . Lucky for you , Spotify has an app for that  sorry , we really need to retire that phrase  . Fellody is a handy dating/friend-making tool on Spotify 's platform that scans your library to help you find lovers and friends who share your taste in tunes . See ? There 's plenty of fish in the sea  punk  . 3  Seatgeek The other week , an op-ed in The New York Times headlined "  The ` Busy ' Trap " got the Web buzzing about its assertion that people are so busy nowadays because society forces us to be that way/to stave off the crushing emptiness that inactivity breeds . No matter which side you take on the issue  "  NO ! I 'm busy because I 'm an IMPORTANT cat video-finder ! " or "  You 're right . ... My soul would be black and empty if my schedule was likewise "  , we can all agree that we sometimes miss our favorite bands when they come through town due to said busy-ness . That 's where Seatgeek comes in . This Spotify app scans your music library to provide you with a handy timeline of bands coming through your hood , along with links to the best ticket prices . So give it a download and fill your heart void with live music instead of overtime .	Moodagent lets a user pick music according to a mood Fellody helps find other users who share music taste Seatgeek shows when bands are coming to a user 's area
Jeb Bush was blitzed with questions Thursday about his presidential ambitions in a private session with top South Carolina donors and business leaders , multiple sources at the meeting told CNN . Bush was politely non-committal , as he is in public , but said he was seriously considering the possibility and would make a decision after the holiday season . Bush , brother to one former president and son of another , was also pressed on whether he thought his last name would be a liability in a national campaign . The former Florida governor responded that "  he quit worrying about that a long time ago , " according to two people in the room . "  He said that everybody has things about them that are positives and negatives , but he said he loves his brother and loves his father , and that every campaign is about telling people who you are , " said one source . "  He said that my last name is the same , but I am not them . That my job is to show people who I am as a policy maker and a man , and that 's the same job everyone else has . " The former Florida governor was in the state , which happens to hold the first presidential primary in the south , for a round of campaigning with South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley , who is expected to win re-election next month . Bush has traveled the country raising money for Republican candidates this cycle , but the South Carolina visit marked his first trek to an early primary state as questions about his national ambitions build . Following crowded public events in Greenville and Lexington , Bush headlined a fundraiser for Haley in Columbia that included a high-dollar roundtable with about 30 of the state 's top business leaders and Republican officials including Pamela Lackey , the president of AT&T South Carolina , Mikee Johnson , head of the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce , and former state Attorney General Henry McMaster . In the roundtable -- where price of entry was $ 10,000 -- Republicans exchanged pleasantries with Bush about his family before diving into questions about his political future . "  This was n't a politically agnostic business crowd , " said one person in the room who did not want to be identified . "  They dialed right in and wanted to get into politics , the horse race of 2016 . " Bush , this person said , was "  very engaging , but he was very non-committal about running . He said he has to have joy in his heart to do it . And he said he gets the question wherever he goes . " Ed McMullen , a Republican public affairs strategist in Columbia , said the response to Bush from the donor crowd was "  unbelievable . " "  He said that if I am going to run , I would run because I have a positive vision to take the country forward and unify people and do something that the other people in the race are not talking about , " McMullen said . "  He had that positive Reagan vision of creating a majority that transcends parties and races and brings people together . I 'll tell you what , he makes it very easy to be for him . " At one point , Bush expressed annoyance with the polarizing fights and constant negativity of the political news media -- he later said his media diet includes Fox News in the morning , followed by SportsCenter on ESPN -- and said he is "  frustrated " by the toxic climate in Washington . Republicans , though , need to do more than just criticize President Barack Obama , he added . "  He said , ` It 's easy to criticize . I turn on the news . I am frustrated . I get the temptation . But that ca n't be the only reason that people elect you , that you 're not the other guy , " one source at the fundraiser recalled . "  The next Republican has to run about their ideas and what they will do . I get the temptation but that ca n't be the only reason that people elect you is that you 're not the other guy . " Bush told the donors he admires the restraint of his brother , former president George W. Bush , for not criticizing Obama even as the security situation in Iraq deteriorates . "  He talked about how proud he was of his brother , " said one GOP donor . "  He said , I could n't do it , but what a class act that he knows it 's not his place to come out and publicly criticize the sitting president . He said it 's tearing his brother up . " UPDATE : This story is updated to reflect Bush 's comments on the media .	Jeb Bush met with South Carolina donors and business leaders Thursday Bush said he was seriously considering a presidential run in 2016
CNN  -- The family of a woman who faces charges of killing an 8-year-old playmate of her daughter 's said Sunday the accusations are "  completely out of character . " The Tracy , California , family offered their prayers to the victim 's family . Melissa Huckaby was charged with kidnapping and murder in the death of 8-year-old Sandra Cantu . "  We are deeply saddened by the loss of this beautiful girl , " said a man who would not give his name , identifying himself only as a relative of suspect Melissa Huckaby , 28 . He was referring to Sandra Cantu , who was last seen alive March 27 in the mobile home park where she lived with her family -- the same mobile home park where Huckaby lives with her own 5-year-old daughter . The two children were close friends and played together frequently , Tracy police Sgt. Tony Sheneman said . Sandra 's body was found Monday , stuffed into a suitcase and submerged in a pond at a dairy farm . Huckaby was arrested late Friday after she was questioned by police . She faces kidnapping and murder charges in Sandra 's death . Watch police discuss the arrest " Sheneman told reporters Saturday he "  could n't begin to theorize " a motive . Family members went to visit Huckaby in jail Sunday , but were told they could not see her , the relative told reporters . "  We do know that the information we 've been given regarding the charges against Melissa Huckaby are completely out of character for her , " he said . Relatives are in "  absolute shock " at Huckaby 's arrest , he said . Huckaby is the granddaughter of Clifford Lane Lawless , pastor of Clover Road Baptist Church near the mobile home park , and she taught Sunday school at the church , police have said . The church was searched as part of the investigation into Sandra 's disappearance and death . Lawless was at the press conference , but declined to speak . "  We are distressed at the possibility that such a tragedy might have happened in a place of worship , " the relative said Sunday , adding that the family asks the press and the community to "  understand the church 's desire to continue their worship and ministry outreach . " Watch neighbors remember slain girl " The church "  is a community of loving people , " he said . "  They love God . They love their community and they have ministered to the people of this community for many , many years . " Huckaby 's family expressed appreciation for the support and prayers received from other churches . Although it has been difficult , the church has "  done everything that we can to be cooperative " with the investigation , the man said . The family thanked law enforcement for what the man said was "  gracious treatment . " "  Our prayers are with Sandra 's family and the community for God 's comfort and mercy as we work through the process of healing for such a tragic event , " the man said . "  We trust in God 's peace . " The church was planning to hold Easter services at noon Sunday , he said . "  We 're very shocked , " said a woman , who also identified herself only as a family member . "  It 's very out of character for Melissa . We love her dearly . " She described Huckaby as "  a fantastic mother , very loving . ... This is a very difficult time for us and it 's very difficult to express to you right now how we 're feeling . " Huckaby 's relatives know no more on the investigation than what has been reported by the media , the relatives said , and were not told why police were searching the church . "  The only reason why our family is making it through this at all is because of our faith in God and because of his mercy , " the woman said . Asked whether she believes Huckaby is innocent , she declined comment . In a Friday interview with the Tracy Press newspaper , Huckaby acknowledged owning the black rolling suitcase in which Sandra 's body was found , but said she reported it missing the day before the child 's body was found . She said the suitcase disappeared at about the same time Sandra did . Sheneman told reporters Saturday that "  inconsistencies " between that interview and statements Huckaby had made to police were one reason police asked to re-interview her Friday night . He would not say whether police believe Sandra 's death was planned . Police said earlier Saturday that they believe Sandra was already dead by the time she was reported missing . The day Sandra was last seen , she came home from school , kissed her mother and left to play with a friend who lives nearby . A short time later , she left to go to another friend 's home , a family spokeswoman has said . Huckaby told the Tracy Press that Sandra came by her home to see if she could play with Huckaby 's daughter , but Huckaby would not let her daughter play because she wanted her daughter to pick up her toys . Sandra left for another friend 's house , Huckaby told the newspaper . The girl was last seen wearing a pink Hello Kitty T-shirt and black leggings . Police later used that clothing description to identify her body .	Relatives are in "  absolute shock " at arrest of Melissa Huckaby , they say Huckaby faces murder charges in death of Sandra Cantu , 8 , her daughter 's friend Police sergeant says he "  could n't begin to theorize " about a motive Sandra disappeared March 27 after going out to play ; body found Monday
CNN  -- A nervous calm settled over northwest Peru on Monday night , three days after clashes between indigenous citizens and national police left more than 30 dead and 50 wounded . Alberto Pizango , a leader of the protesters , says his followers did not kill police officers . A 3 p.m.-6 a.m. curfew seemed to be holding , and both sides in the bloody episode said they wanted dialogue , not bullets . "  The situation is much more tranquil , " foreign minister Jose Andres Garcia Belaunde told CNN . "  There 's the possibility of entering into a dialogue . " The violence started Friday when national police attacked a roadblock near the city of Bagua in the Amazonian part of northwestern Peru . About 2,500 indigenous people had blocked the main road to protest measures the government has taken to sell land to energy companies and other businesses . Indians native to the area say that it is their land even though they do n't have formal property titles . When it was over , many lay dead and wounded . How many -- and what happened -- depends on who 's telling the story . Belaunde said 24 police were killed and nine Amazonian natives lost their lives . He said he did not know the number of wounded . Amnesty International , however , said more than 30 demonstrators and 22 police have been killed since Friday . The Web sites for RPP radio and El Comercio newspaper said at least 33 people died , including 22 police . More than 50 people have been injured , various reports said . Indian rights advocates put the number of dead and missing as much higher , with some groups saying more than 100 were killed or are missing . The Amazon Watch advocacy group accused the government of ditching bodies in rivers and the jungle to suppress the death count . "  There seems to be a concerted government effort to cover up the number of indigenous deaths , " said Gregor MacLennan , Peru program coordinator for Amazon Watch . Belaunde emphatically denied the accusation . "  That is a lie , " he said . "  Part of the great lies that have been told about Bagua -- that a massacre occurred , but more police than indigenous were killed . If this is true , let the family members come forth and tell us this happened . " Amazon Watch and indigenous supporters say the police -- some in helicopters -- opened fire indiscriminately and without provocation on the roadblock about 450 miles  730 kilometers  north of Lima , the capital . "  Police began in the morning by firing tear gas , " MacLennan told CNN . "  When people did not move and were standing strong , they began firing shots . " Belaunde said the helicopters fired tear gas and police were fired upon , too . "  The police did not want to use their arms , " he said , noting that many of the dead officers were killed with weapons protesters had taken from authorities . Ten police were killed after they were taken hostage when they arrived to help other officers and were surrounded by protesters , Belaunde said . More than 70 suspects have been arrested , Belaunde said . MacLennan placed the count at 150 and said 900 others are in hiding . "  Eight to 10 police officers had their throat slit , " Belaunde said . "  Somebody must be held accountable for that , do n't you think ? " MacLennan agreed that if "  indigenous people tortured and killed police , they should be brought to justice . " Authorities had been searching for Alberto Pizango , leader of the indigenous rights group behind the Bagua demonstrations , but he sought refuge in the Nicaraguan embassy in Lima , Peruvian Prime Minister Yehude Simon said Monday night . Officials said Monday they will remove a roadblock within the next two days in the main highway between the cities of Yurimaguas and Tarapoto . Yurimaguas officials met with indigenous leaders Monday to negotiate dismantling the roadblock , the state-run Andina news agency said . The roadblocks have been hurting Peru 's economy , since export shipments of oil and other resources have not been able to get through . Peruvian President Alan Garcia vowed to put down the demonstrations , some of which have been going on since early April . "  We will not give in to violence or blackmail , " he said in a speech Sunday . Garcia blamed unnamed foreign governments for influencing the indigenous uprising . Belaunde pointed to Venezuela and Bolivia , which have held demonstrations in favor of indigenous rights . "  They are badly informed , accusing the government of Peru of genocide , " he said . He called statements by high-level Venezuelan and Bolivian officials "  an act of intervention into Peru 's internal affairs . " Regardless of the cause , analysts agree this is the worst violence in Peru since the brutal Marxist Shining Path guerrilla insurgency died down in the 1990s . "  That 's a lot of violence , " said Peter Hakim , president of the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue policy group . "  There 's no question the government is in a very difficult period . " Bernard Aronson , who was U.S. President George H.W. Bush 's assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs from 1989 to 1993 , sees a danger that the violence could escalate . "  When there are that many people in a clash , that 's very bad regardless of the specifics , " he said . "  That 's worrisome . ... It obviously raises fears and concerns that you could have some kind of rekindling of violence . " The crux of the issue concerns Peru 's economy and how the indigenous population fit in a 21st-century world . "  Garcia has committed to rapid growth , rapid development , " Hakim said . That means Garcia has opened up vast parts of undeveloped land to companies that want to extract natural resources . The indigenous populations feel they are being displaced and are pushing back . "  This is very different from what happened with the Shining Path because these are indigenous people . They are not political people , " MacLennan said . "  All they are asking for is their rights . "	More than 30 people have died , 50 have been injured since Friday , reports say Indigenous people protest government plan to sell land to energy companies Peruvian President Alan Garcia vows to put down the demonstrations
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A massive anti-Mafia sweep that stretched from New York to Sicily has not only cut off the head of the Gambino crime family but lopped off "  the shoulders and chest " too , prosecutors said Thursday . John "  Jackie the Nose " D'Amico , shown in 1992 , is one of 62 people indicted . Sixty-two members of the Gambino , Genovese and Bonanno families face 80 charges , ranging from money laundering to illegal gambling and murder . "  These charges strike at the very core of the Gambino family , " said Benton Campbell , United States attorney for the Eastern District of New York . The Gambino family profited from extortion within the New York construction industry and its labor unions , according to the charges . Watch the perp walk " Several companies allegedly paid a "  mob tax " in return for "  protection " and "  permission to operate , " said Gordon Heddell , inspector general of the U.S. Department of Labor . Other charges involve an alleged illegal gambling ring , said Richard Brown , Queens County district attorney . Nicholas Corozzo -- a reputed captain in the Gambino family -- was involved in a sports gambling enterprise that relied in part on toll-free telephones , Brown alleged . Meanwhile , four members of the Gambino family are charged with eight crimes involving murder , according to the indictment . Those charges include the felony murder of Jose Delgado Rivera , who was shot and killed in an armored truck during a robbery in 1990 . "  Today we are able to bring closure to crimes from the past that have never been forgotten , " Campbell said . He said the crimes span back over three decades . Watch feds say they 've ` cut off the head ' of crime family " Key to the Gambino arrests Thursday was a member of the Attorney General 's Organized Crime Task Force who infiltrated the Gambino family and recorded hundred of hours of conversations , said John Milgrim , a spokesman for the attorney general . Forty-five of those charged are already in custody , police said . Arrests were made in New York City ; Long Island , New York ; and New Jersey . "  It is as unrelenting as weeds that continue to sprout in the cracks of society , " New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said of organized crime . "  We will not rest until organized crime is a distant memory . " In addition to the arrests in the New York area , police in Italy detained 77 people in connection with organized crime . Those arrests netted important members of a powerful clan in Sicily linked to Mafia boss Salvatore Lo Piccolo , who was believed to be the successor of the boss of bosses , Bernardo Provenzano . Watch the prosecutor explain why authorities acted now " Police say that in his attempt to rise to power , Le Piccolo tried to mend fences with New York-based Mafia families after those ties were broken during the bloody Mafia wars of the 1980s . Those families included the Gambinos of New York and the Inzerillos of Italy . Provenzano was arrested two years ago in Corleone . "  It is evident that the intent of the Mafia in Palermo was to re-establish a dialogue through the Inzerillo family in the U.S , " Francesco Messineo of the Italian Police said . "  A dialogue that was never interrupted because the relationship between the American and the Italian Mafia is historic , based on long tradition . But there was certainly an attempt to re-establish that connection . " Investigators believe mob clans wanted to collaborate on illegal commercial ventures such as money laundering and drug trafficking . Italian officials said the arrests were aimed at preventing these illegal activities , but they warned that other Mafia clans in Sicily oppose the return of the Inzerillo family to the island , and therefore were concerned about a new Mafia war . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Deborah Feyerick and Alessio Vinci contributed to this report .	Dozens of people face charges , ranging from money laundering to murder Gambino family accused of profiting from extortion Several companies allegedly paid a "  mob tax , " Department of Labor official says Police in Italy also make 77 arrests in connection with organized crime
He is a 9-year-old boy without a country . Menachem Zivotofsky is a U.S. citizen , born in Jerusalem . There lies his dilemma . The State Department , in an unusual exception , will not allow his family to list "  Israel " as the nation of birth on his U.S. passport . The Supreme Court will decide whether granting this "  small " gesture on behalf of a child half a world away -- and others like him -- would disrupt the Obama administration 's ongoing efforts to secure a binding , lasting peace settlement for the troubled region . Oral arguments in the case are set for Monday . At issue are two questions , one narrow , one broad : May courts intervene to enforce a federal law explicitly directing the State Department how to record the birthplace of an American citizen on a passport ? And does the law impermissibly infringe on the president 's power to recognize a foreign sovereign ? "  There have been 50,000 Americans in the last 10 years that were born in Jerusalem , and many of them would like to have Israel indicated as their place of birth in the passports , " said Sarah Cleveland , a Columbia University Law School professor , and until recently a counselor on international law at the State Department . "  But this is also an extremely important geopolitical issue and a very sensitive foreign relations issue for the United States . " The high court case is Zivotofsky v. Clinton , but the key player in this dispute is perhaps the most famous city in the world , and one of the oldest human settlements still in existence : Jerusalem . Its name translates as "  City of Peace " to some , "  Holy Sanctuary " to others . It is Israel 's largest city and its capital , though that is not recognized by the United Nations and most of the world community . Divided into East Jerusalem  populated mostly by Muslims  and West Jerusalem  populated mostly by Jews  , the city spans over 48 square miles , with about 775,000 people . The terms "  East " and "  West " come layered with political , social , religious , and geographic questions -- amorphous , often misleading terms , symbolic of the larger struggle for control and recognition of all that this city represents . Some use the terms "  Jewish " or "  Arab " Jerusalem to refer to the sections . The Old City is the heart of the region , a holy symbol to the three major Abrahamic religions -- Christianity , Islam , and Judaism . That tiny area -- just a third of one square mile -- contains the Temple Mount , Western Wall , Church of the Holy Sepulcher , Dome of the Rock , and al-Aqsa Mosque . It is believed to have been first settled in the fourth millennium BC , and according to the Bible , it was established as the capital of the Kingdom of Israel around 1000 BC by King David . It has been destroyed twice , and attacked , besieged and captured more than a hundred times . Canaanites , Hebrews , Arabs , Greeks , Romans , Persians , crusaders , Turks , and the British have all laid claim to the land . Its status today remains one the thorniest issues blocking a comprehensive Mideast peace agreement . During the 1948 war , the western part of the city was annexed by the newly formed nation of Israel , and the eastern part annexed by Jordan . The eastern part was then captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War . It considers East Jerusalem part of its "  undivided capital , " but most of the international community deems the annexations illegal and a part of Palestinian land . The Israeli government is based there , but no foreign embassies . The city is home to Ari and Naomi Zivotofsky . The couple and their two oldest sons were born in the United States , but the family migrated to Israel a decade ago , and in 2002 the youngest , Menachem Binyamin was born . "  They 're both proud American citizens but feel a very strong affinity , religiously too , to the state of Israel , " said Alyza Lewin , the Zivotofsky 's Washington-based lawyer . "  Their son is very proud of the fact that he is the one sibling born in Israel . " Just three weeks before Menachem was born , the United States Congress gave U.S. citizens born in Jerusalem the individual discretion to ask that Israel be listed on passports and consular reports , where it says "  Place of Birth . " President George W. Bush signed the bill , but issued an executive "  signing statement " indicating he would not comply . The law , he said "  impermissibly interferes with the president 's constitutional authority to conduct the nation 's foreign affairs and to supervise the unitary executive branch . " It is not the first time the Congress and White House have clashed over the region . The U.S. Embassy remains in Tel Aviv , over U.S. lawmakers ' objections . The boy 's mother made the "  Israel " request about two months after his birth , but embassy officials refused . His passport in fact shows his round , innocent face , and Jerusalem " is listed as his place of birth . "  That 's been the State Department 's practice , the general rule for American citizens born abroad is that their passport lists only a country of birth , " said Alyza Lewin . "  So if a citizen is born for instance in Paris , it says France . If they 're born in Tel Aviv or Haifa , it says just Israel . If you 're born in Jerusalem , instead of saying the country , the city is listed -- just a city -- Jerusalem . " The attorneys for the Zivotofskys have framed their case as a modest request , one that does not implicate the president 's foreign policy power . They are asking the high court not to decide a political question , but simply tell the administration to enforce the law , for the sake of a little boy . "  It is a very personal case . What 's at stake is their deep personal pride and sense of identification with the state of Israel , and their right , given by Congress , to express that , on the passport , " said Nathan Lewin , who will argue the family 's case before the high court . "  That pride , and the national pride of others , is clearly what makes that region as much front page news as it often is . But I do n't think that this case itself is asking for any kind of broader determination than allowing these individuals that opportunity . Congress has recognized that it 's part of his self respect , that he should be able to say Israel , and that 's all that we 're asking for in this case . " The government is thinking of the bigger picture . State Department officials would not comment on the record on a pending case , but President Obama has acknowledged the stalled peace process has created divisions both in that region and in the United States . "  Palestinians should know the territorial outlines of their state ; Israelis should know that their basic security concerns will be met , " he said in a May 2010 speech . "  I know that these steps alone will not resolve this conflict . Two wrenching and emotional issues remain : the future of Jerusalem , and the fate of Palestinian refugees . But moving forward now on the basis of territory and security provides a foundation to resolve those two issues in a way that is just and fair , and that respects the rights and aspirations of Israelis and Palestinians . " The justices in accepting the Zivotofsky appeal specifically added a legal question not raised by the family 's lawyers : whether the congressional law steps on the president 's foreign policy power . "  It 's one of those issues that people probably find remarkable that it has n't been addressed before , " Cleveland said . "  Because , presidents have been recognizing states and governments for 200 years . Congress generally has acquiesced in what the president has done . There has been very little conflict over the exercise of that power traditionally , other than in , for example , the Taiwan -LSB- conflict with mainland China -RSB- and , in particular , over Jerusalem . This is an issue that has been a festering source of tension between Congress and presidents for decades . " The family plans to attend the court session in Washington next week . Choosing a home , and being able to decide what to call it may seem like a fundamental right . But nothing is so easy when Jerusalem is mentioned . The Zivotofskys say they recognize the geo-political complexity , but think in this case , in this judicial forum , the solution is simple . "  Everybody knows Jerusalem is in Israel . Why is the State Department refusing to recognize this ? " said Nathan Lewin . "  They have this is fear of nonexistent hobgoblins which has caused them to follow this policy , and it 's about time -- Congress thought it was about time -- they get rid of that policy ... all that we 're asking the Supreme Court to do is agree with Congress , that this is a foolish policy , and ought to be eliminated . "	The case goes before the U.S. Supreme Court next week People born in Jerusalem ca n't list Israel as their place of birth The city is claimed by both Israelis and Palestinians
CNN  -- Hip-hop artist Wyclef Jean says he has submitted the necessary paperwork to run for president of Haiti , a country he left when he was a child . Jean made the anticipated announcement Thursday on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " The singer traveled to Haiti to submit the paperwork . Jean was one of the first , and most visible , celebrities to offer aid after a devastating earthquake hit Haiti in January . He has also been an outspoken proponent of the nation through his Yele Haiti Foundation , which has come under scrutiny for how it spends its money . "  Yes , it 's my first time announcing it live -- that today I went in , and I signed , and I am running to be the president of Haiti , " said Jean , in his first television interview about his decision to run . Whoever is elected in November , the new president will face the monumental task of rebuilding the country that was ravaged by a January 12 earthquake that killed more than 220,000 people , destroyed 60 percent of government infrastructure and left more than 180,000 homes uninhabitable . Whoever steps in will also oversee the billions of dollars in international aid promised to the country since the quake . "  Now that our country has toppled , it 's a chance to rebuild from the bottom on up , " Jean said , adding he will be the voice of Haiti 's youth . Jean 's announcement quickly became a top topic on the internet , with many debating whether the music star best known for rapping , playing the guitar and dancing , could actually lead a country . One outspoken critic was actor Sean Penn , who has lived in Port-au-Prince , Haiti , for months to help manage 50,000 displaced Haitians living in a camp . Penn said he questioned Jean 's motives . "  What the Haitian people need now is a leader who is genuinely willing to sacrifice , " Penn said . "  I have n't seen or heard anything of him in these last six months that I 've been in Haiti . I think he 's an important voice . I hope he does n't sacrifice that voice by taking the eye off the very devastating realities on the ground . " Penn mentioned past allegations that Jean mishandled funds from his nonprofit organization Yele Haiti and used some of the money donated for Haitians . "  He claims he did n't do it . That has to be looked into it , " Penn said . "  I 've been there . I know what $ 400,000 could do for these people 's lives . " At the time , Jean tearfully denied the allegations that he misappropriated funds from his Yele Haiti charity and experts on nonprofits said they could n't find serious wrongdoing . iReporter : Jean made ` several key mistakes ' Jean shot to fame in the mid-1990s as a member of the Fugees , a U.S.-based hip-hop and reggae group . He now performs as a solo artist . Jean was born in Haiti , and moved to the United States as a young boy . He recently resigned as chairman of the Yele Haiti Foundation . Jean , dressed in a gray suit and a red - , black - and white-striped tie , stressed the need for Haiti to improve education , as well as its agriculture , security and health care . He also said job creation would be a central part of his campaign going forward .	NEW : Sean Penn criticizes Jean 's decision Jean stresses the need for education , jobs , agriculture , security and health care Elections are scheduled for late November Jean says he will represent the voice of the youth
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In the developing world millions of people struggle to operate machinery , read from a blackboard , or just see the world around them , because they do n't have access to the eyeglasses they need . Self-refraction glasses let the wearer adjust the lenses to suit their vision , without the need for an optometrist . But a pair of glasses developed by Joshua Silver , a physics professor at the University of Oxford , offers an affordable solution . The glasses can be adjusted to the right strength by the wearer without the need to visit an optometrist . A major reason for that is a chronic shortage of optometrists -- in Ghana , for example , there is just one for every eight million people . That makes it incredibly difficult for ordinary people to visit an optometrist , without which it 's impossible for them to get glasses . But Silver thinks he may have come up with a solution to the problem . His self-refraction glasses mean people can correct their vision without needing an optometrist  see Fact Box  . "  Take a Sub-Saharan country where there is one optometrist for every million people ; those people will never see an optometrist , so how will they get eyewear ? , " he told CNN . "  Any model of delivery of vision correction in the developing world that depends on eye care professionals wo n't work . If you find a model that does n't rely on them , then you potentially have a solution . " Silver has been developing the glasses for over 20 years and continues to research the technology at the Center for Vision in the Developing World  CVDW  at the University of Oxford . He told CNN that about 80 percent of those who try the glasses are able to correct their vision , but there are limitations . They ca n't be used to correct astigmatism and it 's not known if they are suitable for children , although the CVDW is currently running a study to determine if schoolchildren can correct their own vision with their teachers ' help . So far , 30,000 pairs of self-refraction glasses have been distributed around the world , through an adult literacy program in Ghana and the U.S. Military Humanitarian and Civic Assistance  HCA  Program . The man behind the HCA program was Kevin White . He has now retired from the military and has set up Global Vision 2020 to distribute self-adjustable glasses . White has just returned from Liberia , where he trained 40 people from local NGOs to dispense the glasses . White sees charity organizations already working in developing countries as the key to distribution . "  If I can train people from existing networks to dispense glasses , and they can spare one day each week or month to dispense the glasses , then they can see 50 to 100 people in a day -- and that 's a way to reach a lot of people , " White told CNN . But for the program to be sustainable , White says the next step is to train his dispensers to become trainers themselves , so that he builds a growing network of people in developing countries who can distribute the glasses . Silver estimates that one billion people in the developing world do n't have access to the glasses they need , and he has said that he would like to see all of them wearing glasses by 2020 . But he is under no illusions that he can do it alone . "  No one person or company can possibly deliver that many glasses by 2020 . There 's a big infrastructure that needs to be set up to do that , and I 'd like to see it happen , " he told CNN . Distribution is one problem , cost is another . Currently , it cost $ 19 to manufacture a pair of self-refraction glasses , and Silver acknowledges that the price needs to come down to a few dollars a pair to make them affordable . Another issue is style . The glasses are currently functional , rather than fashionable , and that may limit their uptake , but more cosmetic versions are being developed . Silver says far more research is needed before those one billion people get their glasses , but he sees his self-refraction technology as a step toward that goal . He told CNN , "  It 's one of the world 's largest problems . There 's an immense amount of interest in solving it and self-refraction is one route that can assist with that . "	A lack of optometrists means many in the developing world ca n't get glasses Josh Silver has developed glasses with lenses that can be altered by the wearer The technology could be used to provide glasses for one billion people Global Vision 2020 is training charity workers to dispense the glasses
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Saturday that a suicide bombing targeting the country 's spy chief was planned in the Pakistani city of Quetta , and that he expects to raise the issue with Pakistani authorities . The attack occurred Thursday in one of the intelligence agency 's guesthouses in Kabul , seriously injuring National Directorate of Security Asadullah Khalid -- who is expected to recover -- while leaving others wounded or dead , officials said . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the bombing , but Karzai says he believes otherwise . "  The reality is that such a complicated attack and a bomb that was hidden inside his body , this is not the work of the Taliban , " he told reporters . "  It 's a completely professional and thoroughly engineered type of attack . The Taliban are not capable of that , and therefore there are bigger and professional hands involved in this . "  We will be seeking a lot of clarifications from Pakistan , " Karzai said , though he avoided blaming Pakistan directly and pledged that it would not derail the peace process . Cross border raids from Pakistan into Afghanistan and accusations that Pakistani intelligence support Afghan insurgents have long fueled discontent between the two nations . But Pakistan is also considered a key regional power broker needed to settle the more than decade-long Afghan conflict , particularly as NATO 's 2014 withdrawal nears . While it remains unclear how the bomber smuggled the explosive device into what is expected to be a high-security location , Thursday 's strike highlights looming safety concerns and the difficulty of marrying them with the rigors of religious and cultural guidelines in a country where modesty is often a prime concern . Last year , the mayor of the restive southern city of Kandahar -- considered the Taliban birthplace -- was killed during a city hall meeting when explosives detonated inside the turban of his attacker . On Saturday , Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs cautioned Karzai against the suggestion of Pakistani culpability in Thursday 's attack while raising questions about security lapses . "  Before leveling charges the Afghan government would do well if they shared information or evidence with the government of Pakistan that they might have with regard to the cowardly attack on the head of NDS , " the ministry said in a statement . "  They would also do well by ordering an investigation into any lapses in the security arrangements around the NDS chief . " The Ministry added that "  Pakistan is ready to assist any investigation of this criminal act . " But the attack has since raised questions about top Afghan officials ' vulnerability to assassination attempts and the effect they could have on broader peace negotiations . Known as a staunch Karzai loyalist and practiced anti-Taliban fighter , Khalid was tapped as Afghanistan 's intelligence chief in September . He drew attention in Kabul and across the region for his experience and at times heavy-handed tactics , particularly in the country 's volatile south , serving as Kandahar 's governor in 2005 and later as minister of tribal and border affairs where he oversaw southern security forces . Considered an ambitious man despite dropping out of Kabul University , Khalid joined famed Northern Alliance leader Ahmad Shah Massoud , known as the "  Lion of Panjshir , " before the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 . Largely viewed as a well-connected senior official critical to the president 's inner circle , Thursday 's attack against Khalid drew comparisons to last year 's assassination of Berhanuddin Rabbani , an Afghan leader spearheading the reconciliation process with the Taliban . Rabbani , a former Afghan president and chairman of the High Peace Council , was killed in a suicide attack at his home on September 20 , 2011 . "  The attack against  Rabbani  was formulated in Quetta , and now the attack on Asadullah Khan Khalid has also been organized in Pakistan , " Karzai said Saturday . Quetta is the provincial capital of Baluchistan , a volatile Pakistani province that borders Afghanistan , where a Taliban leadership council known as the Quetta Shura is believed to have been based since the U.S.-led invasion in 2001 . It was formed after coalition forces toppled the Taliban-led government , prompting senior Taliban leaders to escape to Pakistan , which has been at times blamed for harboring the group . Though U.S. officials say it is not clear if the group still remains in Quetta . CNN 's Masoud Popalzai in Kabul and Nasir Habib in Islamabad contributed to this report . David Ariosto is in New York .	The attack occurred in one of the intelligence agency guesthouses in Kabul It seriously injured National Directorate of Security Asadullah Khalid The Taliban claimed responsibility for the Thursday bombing Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs cautioned Karzai against assigning blame
CNN  -- Sports fans may have been deprived of another chance to see Lionel Messi stake his claim to be considered the greatest footballer of all time after Barcelona failed to progress to the final of the Champions League . But far from the bright lights of Munich 's Allianz Arena , in a quiet corner of England , another athlete was busy rewriting the history books . Humans have been selectively breeding racehorses for 300 years , always in search of that elusive specimen of equine perfection who can redefine our idea of what might be possible on four legs . In Frankel , we may have found it . In action for the first time since last October in the Group 1 Lockinge Stakes at Newbury , for his trainer , Henry Cecil , it was a chance to show the world that his colt had overcome a leg injury sustained on Newmarket gallops , news of which had sent shockwaves throughout the racing world . Brutal beauty For his jockey , Tom Queally , it was a chance to prove that the four-year-old Frankel was a more mature , calmer beast than the Frankel of last season , without losing any of his domineering physicality or brutal beauty . For Frankel , it was first blood in a senior campaign that could see him elevated to the ranks of the best Thoroughbreds ever to grace a racetrack . Sent off at odds as short of 1-4 -- meaning a $ 4 bet would earn you just $ 1 -- the undefeated son of Galileo was always going to have to be at this best to overcome a field that included Aiden O'Brien 's improving colt Excelebration  who surely would be considered a superstar in his own right had he not had the misfortune to be racing in the same era as Frankel  . As expected , the pacemaker Bullet Train  a half-brother to Frankel  set a strong early gallop , with Frankel tucked in second place . All-devouring stride But when Queally pulled the pin with three furlongs to go , it felt more like a coronation than a contest , Frankel 's all devouring stride putting more and more distance between him and a somewhat subdued Excelebration , who finished five lengths back . The victory means Frankel extends his unbeaten run to 10 from 10 . His next appearance is likely to be the Queen Anne Stakes at Royal Ascot , when he will face some of the best milers in Europe . After that , Cecil has indicated a step up in trip will be the next logical step , to see if Frankel can reproduce his devastating form over distances of up to a mile and a half . Such is Frankel 's superiority over his rivals that Queally rarely has to ask him to hit top speed  indeed , far more familiar is the sight of the hulking colt taking a strong hold as Queally tries to restrain him  . The result is the Frankel has not run a race to trouble the handicappers since his devastating performance in the 2,000 Guineas last year . In spite of that , Frankel has a Timeform rating of 143 , the third-highest of all time , behind the great Sea Bird II  145  and Brigadier General and Tudor Minstrel  both on 144  . Black Caviar showdown ? Is there a horse in the world who can push Frankel to the kind of performance that would see him take his rightful place at the top of the all-time list ? An Australian mare by the name of Black Caviar may have something to say about that . She will also be at Royal Ascot , although she will run in the sprinter 's Diamond Jubilee Stakes . Such is the clamor in the racing world for a Frankel-Black Caviar showdown , billionaire owner Sheikh Fahad al Thani has offered a purse of $ 1.6 million if they both line up for the Sussex Stakes at Glorious Goodwood , a race that Frankel won last year . Cecil has indicated he would love to see the two best horses in the world face each other , although Black Caviar 's trainer , Peter Moody , remains cautious about exposing his mare over Frankel 's preferred distance of a mile on the undulating Goodwood track . Whether or not the equine ` battle of the sexes ' ever materializes , the racing world has one more season to savor the exploits of the giant bay with the white star before his career follows its inevitable trajectory towards the breeding shed . A horse like Frankel does n't come along every day . Enjoy him while you can .	Frankel races to 10th win in 10 races with victory at Newbury Wins Group One Lockinge Stakes by five lengths Four-year-old Colt rated one of the great racehorses of all time Clamor for head to head with Australian champion Black Caviar
CNN  -- Buyout guys usually "  run the numbers " on a takeover target before spending too much time on it . As takeovers go , the United States looks pretty good . Here 's a tongue-in-cheek look at how a private equity executive might sum them up for a former private equity guy . To : Mitt Romney Re : Project November From : The Buyout Nation Team The team has finished running the numbers on Project November and they look really strong . First , if we 're successful in the upcoming auction  they call it an election  , we will have bought in cheap and should make a killing since the economy is improving and is likely to do so for the next four years even if we do n't do much after the takeover . Second , it looks like we have a lot , and I mean a lot , of room to increase sales . I 've never seen a business with so much ability to raise prices . The customers  they call them taxpayers  have little opportunity to leave , by law they have to pay , and not many have the resources to take advantage of the tax-minimizing options in Switzerland and the Caymans . But the pricing structure is a total mess . While every other business charges premium customers more , since they have the cash and benefit most from the services , here it 's backwards . A lot of the premium customers , the ones who 've done really well for the last decade or two , actually pay the lowest rates ! So raising prices on these guys should be a cinch . And we can also get some early revenue from one-time gimmicks like drilling a million gas wells , selling non-core assets  Guam ?  , sale-and-lease-backs on real estate  the Capitol ?  and more aggressive corporate partnerships  Exxon-Yellowstone National Park ? Third , on the expense side things look equally promising . As Larry Summers first discovered , a lot of the value created in takeovers can come from promise breaking and we 've got great opportunities to do that with Medicare and Social Security . Even better , our modeling shows that if we only break promises for younger people  say , under 54  they wo n't feel any real pain until after 2016 or 2020 when we 'll already have exited the deal and been long gone . Another easy option is to cut expenses for the poor and for kids since it turns out that they ca n't vote  too young  , do n't vote  those new ID rules  , or wo n't vote for you anyway .  By the way , where did you get that 47 % from ? Your overall figure feels about right but the team wants to double-check the calculation .  We also found big potential cost savings from outsourcing not just jobs but entire government departments to India . This may be an option for lower value-added departments like Housing and Urban Development , and Education . Another potential expense-cutting option is the military , but this seems a bit tricky given the whole military-industrial complex thing . But a takeover of the nation also presents some unique challenges compared with the smaller companies we usually target . First , if things get tight , we ca n't save cash by slashing long-term investments because it turns out that there are n't any . I know it 's unbelievable , but there just is n't much money going into the stuff that will pay off big time for competitors in the long-run : education , public transport , bridges and infrastructure , and clean/green technology . Second , we 're unlikely to make money by restructuring or refinancing the debt . It 's already dirt-cheap  we could borrow for 30 years at 3 %  and the experts I 've spoken with are convinced that the nation really is too big to fail . I know you 've been through a lot of tough restructurings , think the market should be allowed to work things out , and were willing to let the auto industry go to the wall . But I 've pushed these guys hard and they remain adamant that if we get too close to that fiscal cliff , really bad stuff will start to happen : markets gyrating , interest rates rising , the dollar plunging , rating downgrades , you name it . While this type of chaos might actually be a boon to some of our hedge fund supporters , I really think we should try to avoid it .  And there 's no guarantee that the guys running your blind trust will have had time to bet against America before things start to unravel . Finally , I reviewed the nation 's shareholders agreement and bylaws  they call it the Constitution  and it 's a catastrophe . In fact , the bottom line is that even after we take control , there will be real limits on what we can do without the support of some really crazy people . People who do n't appear to believe in arithmetic or science , let alone rationality and analysis . These guys are definitely not the McKinsey and Goldman types we 're used to dealing with so it 's going to be a total nightmare . It makes me wonder whether this whole thing is really worth the hassle . Where 's the upside ? Do we really have a special insight that makes us the natural owner or are we just willing to spend more than the competition to win ? I 'm a little bit worried that we may have a touch of deal fever for another trophy on the wall . Anyway , the model is ready so just send me your plan so I can finalize the assumptions about price hikes , expense reductions , investments and the like . I could n't find a copy on the server and everything in the public domain is vague and contradictory . My daughter 's got soccer tonight so I hope to leave the office by 7 but call my cell if you need anything else . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John MacIntosh .	Imagine former private equity exec Mitt Romney approached election as corporate buyout MacIntosh says the buyout team would "  run the numbers " on America MacIntosh : Since taxpayers are captive , there 's a lot of potential to raise "  prices " MacIntosh : But unlike most businesses , the customers with the most pay the lowest rates
A man fishing from a kayak off a Hawaiian island has died after being bitten by a shark , authorities said Monday . The incident was the latest in an alarming spate of shark attacks in the state this year . The attack took place Monday morning half a mile off a point near Little Beach in Makena State Recreation Area on the island of Maui , the Department of Land and Natural Resources  DLNR  said . The victim 's companion , who was also on a kayak , told the department that his friend was fishing for baitfish with artificial lures when a shark bit one of his feet , which was dangling over the edge of the boat . Swimmer killed in shark attack at New Zealand beach The man 's companion , who was about 500 yards away when the attack took place , paddled over to him , tied a tourniquet to try to stem severe bleeding and called on a tour boat in the vicinity for help , authorities said . The tour boat brought the man to shore , and he was then taken to the hospital . But authorities believe he died of his injuries during the boat journey , said Rod Antone of the Mayor 's Office of the County of Maui . The man was in his 40s , but authorities are unsure if he was a local resident or a tourist , Antone said . The identities of the man and his companion have not been disclosed . Shark attack claims Brazilian teen 's life High number of shark incidents "  We offer our condolences to the family of the victim . Our thoughts and prayers are with them , " said William J. Aila , Jr. , the DLNR chairman . Authorities say they have closed the waters off Makena State Recreation Area following the attack . Beaches in the area remain open , but the DLNR said people are advised to stay out of the water . The area will reopen at noon Tuesday if no more sharks are seen in the vicinity , the department said . Shark attacks teen in waist-deep water The attack is the 13th shark incident reported in Hawaii so far this year , and the eighth on Maui , authorities said . That 's well above the state 's average of four unprovoked shark attacks per year over the past 20 years . The 10 incidents reported in 2012 were unprecedented at the time , the DLNR said . "  We are not sure why these bites are occurring more frequently than normal , especially around Maui , " Aila said . "  That 's why we are conducting a two-year study of shark behavior around Maui that may give us better insights . " Aila said that authorities hope and expect "  that numbers of incidents will return to a more normal range in the near future . " In August , a German tourist died after being bitten by a shark while she was vacationing in Hawaii . 2 men bitten by sharks off Florida coast	The man was fishing from a kayak when a shark bit his dangling foot His companion tried to save him , but he died on the way to shore This is the 13th shark incident in Hawaii so far this year , authorities say
CNN  Being a parent has suddenly become a lot more stressful . At least it has if you live in Taiwan . Lawmakers in the island have outlawed iPads and other electronic gadgets for children under the age of two , and demanded that those under the age of 18 do not use digital media for "  a period of time that is not reasonable . " Parents who fail to comply with the new "  Child and Youth Welfare Protection Act " -- or rather , fail to enforce it upon their children -- may be fined 50,000 Taiwan dollars  $ 1,576  . Now , as much as I dislike the excesses of bloated , interfering governments , I could n't help but emit a yelp of joy when I read of these developments in Taiwan  which follow similar measures in China and South Korea  . Of course , there are obvious difficulties with the legislation . For a start , it fails to define a "  reasonable " length of time , leaving its application open to interpretation and abuse . Moreover , how can the law possibly be enforced ? The government can hardly install some sort of spyware on every tablet and games console sold in the country . Most irritatingly of all , the measures also seem to ride roughshod over personal privacy . Dealing with the mother-in-law was bad enough . Now politicians are telling us how to parent our kids ?  Talk about the "  nanny state "  . Nevertheless , I could n't help but feel that as a symbolic gesture , the new Taiwanese legislation is important . The fact is that doctors ' advice on screen-time has been clear for years -- and for years , it has been comprehensively ignored by most parents . The American Academy of Pediatrics  AAP  , the most influential body to have released such guidelines , recommends that "  television and other entertainment media should be avoided for infants and children under age two . " "  A child 's brain develops rapidly during these first years , and young children learn best by interacting with people , not screens , " it says . For older children , screen-time should be limited to two hours per day . The National Library of Medicine , part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , points out that "  despite what ads may say , videos that are aimed at very young children do not improve their development . " Depressingly , however , the vast majority of parents are either unaware of the guidelines and dangers , or they simply disregard them . Research has shown that in the United States , children have between five and seven hours a day of screen-time , roughly triple the AAP 's maximum . And British psychologist Aric Sigman says that the average seven-year-old will have spent the equivalent of an entire year in front of a screen . In Australia , a study called Virtually Impossible found that 45 % of eight-year-olds and 80 % of 16-year-olds exceed the recommended screen-time allowance . Let us be clear : the AAP guidelines might be rather black and white , but they are vitally important . Dismissing them , researchers believe , can cause children to have impaired brain development ; an increased risk of attention problems , anxiety and depression ; behavioral difficulties ; obesity ; sleep loss ; poor academic performance ; and physical complaints . Yet many parents continue to put their heads in the sand . Partly , the option of a digital babysitter is simply too tempting . In addition , there is a perception that electronic media can be beneficial or educational for children . As one study put it , "  the immediate practical advantages and believed educational benefits of entertaining children with screen media often override the long-term harm that many -LSB- parents -RSB- feel does not apply . " That 's not to say that parents are devoid of good reasons to be skeptical . Every new medium , from novels to radio , has been accused of corrupting the young , and there could be something rather shrill in the medical establishment 's opposition to digital media . It is indisputable that technology is increasingly dominating our lives ; children who are able to write code or use Photoshop will have a significant advantage as adults . Furthermore , a number of academics have drawn a distinction between harmful and beneficial screen-time . Zero to Three , a nonprofit early childhood organization , argues that harm could be reduced if parents made screen-time "  a shared experience , " and if children still had lots of time to play in the "  real , 3-D world . " Similarly , the Harvard Family Research Project has argued that "  young children may benefit from computer use " if the software is sufficiently interactive and "  empowering . " But such studies can be exaggerated . It is worth noting , for instance , that even the Harvard study emphasizes that "  excessive screen time harms healthy growth and development , regardless of content " . And the AAP , which reviewed its guidelines in 2011 , has not seen fit to significantly alter them . The fact remains that as a benchmark , the AAP guidelines deserve to be taken seriously . The alternative is to play Russian roulette with your child 's wellbeing . Moreover -- and this is the important point -- the extent to which the guidelines are being smashed is massive . Most children in developed countries are consuming double , triple , or even quadruple the accepted healthy level of screen-time . Even the most educational app is unlikely to make a meaningful difference to that . There 's no point in sugaring the pill . If kids are n't encouraged to unplug , they are likely to turn into some rather unhappy adults . This is n't something I say very often , but hurrah for the Taiwanese nanny state .	Lawmakers in Taiwan have outlawed iPads and other electronic gadgets for children under the age of two They have also demanded that those under the age of 18 do not use digital media for "  a period of time that is not reasonable " The new Taiwanese legislation is important , writes Jake Wallis Simons
EW.com  -- Monday 's Emmy tribute to Robin Williams will be presented by a fellow famed actor-comedian : Billy Crystal . Executive producer Don Mischer announced the programming decision on Tuesday morning , having previously promised that the award ceremony would honor the late performer with "  the proper and meaningful remembrance he so well deserves . " Williams will be honored during the "  In Memoriam " portion of the show . Sara Bareilles will handle the musical accompaniment to the segment . Bareilles recently dedicated her song "  Hercules " to Williams  though the song choice for the segment has not yet been announced  . Last year , Williams honored Jonathan Winters during the same Emmy segment . The 63-year-old was found dead in his home on August 11 . The 66th Primetime Emmy Awards airs August 25 on NBC . Complete coverage on Robin Williams CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Robin Williams to receive tribute at Emmys Billy Crystal to present Williams died August 11 at 63
CNN  -- A 1997 Cadillac plowed into a parade crowd in Virginia on Saturday , injuring dozens of spectators and leaving others pinned underneath the car . The accident injured up to 60 people , with 10 hospitalized , but none of the injuries appeared life-threatening , CNN affiliate WJHL reported . Rescuers lifted the car to free people trapped beneath it after the accident in Damascus , said Bill Nunly , the town 's police chief . A medical condition caused the driver participating in the parade with hikers to lose control and plow into spectators , WJHL reported , citing Pokey Harris , an emergency management coordinator with Washington County . It was unclear what condition it was , and the driver was not identified . Revelers and trail blazers were filing down a street in the town near the Tennessee state line to celebrate the Appalachian Trail when the sedan veered off the road . It "  then moved into the hiker parade , where it started striking hikers , " Nunly said . It also crashed into other vehicles . Hikers and rescuers dashed after the car to stop it . "  The doors were open ; people were able to make entry inside , " Nunly said . Timothy Tabat was in the right place at the right time . "  I reached back and grabbed the handle for the driver 's side rear door , jumped into the car , and put the car into park , " he said . Then the crowd that had pursued the large car lifted it up to free those pinned underneath it . Of those injured , at least five or six were "  trauma victims , " an emergency dispatcher said . The accident occurred during the Hiker Parade at the annual Trail Days festival , which honors the famed hiking trail . Dalton Thomson told CNN affiliate WCYB that he was pushed out of the way of the oncoming car by a hiker . "  We all looked back . There were hikers on top , hikers under the car , " he said . "  It was unreal . " CNN 's Chelsea Carter , Janet DiGiacomo and Jennifer Moore contributed to this report .	Bystanders run after the car , enter it and stop it The crowd lift up the Cadillac to free people trapped underneath it WJHL : Driver has a medical emergency before losing control of the car Accident occurs during the Hiker Parade at the Trail Days festival
InStyle.com  -- She may have charmed audiences in "  Catch Me If You Can " and "  Junebug , " but Amy Adams 's sweet demeanor belies a criminal history . "  I used to steal my older sister 's pink-and-green Maybelline mascara , " says Adams , 33 . "  I see myself as optimistic , and I think that can be confused with being innocent and naïve . " Although the Colorado native , who appears this month in the movie "  Enchanted " and in the upcoming "  Charlie Wilson 's War , " has "  outgrown petty theft , " she says , she has n't outgrown her love of mascara -- or any other beauty products . Spend time with the actress and she 'll offer you a dab of her favorite lip balm  Benetint  and a sample of her tooth-whitening system  Go Smile  . When it comes to makeup , she 's more a giver than a taker these days . "  If I outgrow something , I like to share it . It 's good to be my friend when I clean out my makeup bag ! " How skilled are you at doing your own makeup ? It 's a learning process . I can do a decent job , but I like to leave it to the professionals when it counts . When I first moved to L.A. I got a callback , and a producer said he 'd like to see me with more makeup . But he told my agent that she might have to put it on "  because I did n't seem like the kind of girl who would know how . " And he was right ! I had to go into the bathroom at my agency and have my agent do my makeup . Have you come a long way since then ? I still keep it pretty simple , although I like getting dolled up to hang out with friends . Sometimes , if you need a pick-me-up , there 's nothing better than a new lip gloss . At any given moment , I can have upwards of 10 glosses in my purse . And I am addicted to perfumes . I love Jo Malone 's scents -- the Nectarine Blossom & Honey , the French Lime Blossom , and the Orange Blossom . I do n't have a signature scent ; I switch depending on my mood . Is there another product you are more faithful to ? If I 'm outdoors , I 'm constantly reapplying sunscreen . My sister used to call me Fish-Belly Blue because I was so pale . I went to Italy this summer and decided I 'd be a rebel and sit out in the sun wearing a sunscreen with a low SPF . The next day I woke up with a rash all over my body . My skin rejects the sun . I had a grown man at a water park once yell at me to get a tan . A water-park heckler ? Me in a swimsuit -- that 's a lot of pale skin ! How do you take care of it ? I get regular facials . I had some skin problems when I was starting to film "  Catch Me If You Can . " I had really dry skin . I went to Marion Simms at Skin Sense in L.A. , and she got it under control . I 've been going there since then for the standard facial . What do you do for your hair ? Bumble and Bumble True Reds shampoo keeps the richness in it . I really like red , but I 'm always open to change . I would love to cut my hair and try platinum -- Christina Aguilera blond . Harlow blond . Have you gone blond before ? I 've had red hair for the past four years . Before that , I never thought of being anything but blond . There was a definite shift in my life when I decided to go red . I tend to laugh a lot , and I can be really silly . I think when you have blond hair , people associate those behaviors with being flighty . With red hair , you 're suddenly quirky . What is your quirkiest beauty tool ? I love the classic Conair hot rollers . I put my makeup on , take them out , spray , then just shake my head and I 'm ready . I think hot rollers are making a comeback ! Anything on your wish list ? I always wanted to be taller . -LSB- Adams is 5 feet , 5 inches . -RSB- I was a dancer , so I always admired that willowy effect . I still look at it with a sense of longing , but I fully accept I ca n't change it . I just walk tall . And wear wedges . Get her look Makeup To create Adams 's smoky eyes , makeup artist Molly R. Stern pressed Shu Uemura in AI  $ 20 ; shuuemura-usa . com  on the eyelids . She neutralized the blue by blending it with taupe shadow , then used pearly green liner on the inside rims of the bottom lids . She applied beige lip pencil and finished with a slick of Cover Girl Wetslicks Fruit Spritzers in Guava Splash  $ 6 ; drugstore.com  . Hair To build Breck Girl bouncy waves , hairstylist Andy LeCompte set Adams 's hair in pin curls for 20 minutes after winding 2-inch sections around a curling iron . When he removed the pins , he added mousse and brushed through the waves with a mixed-bristle paddle brush . He then lightly teased the crown , spraying in Klorane Extra Gentle dry shampoo  $ 16 ; folica.com  for texture . E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Amy Adams leaves makeup to professional "  when it counts " Would love to try hair that was Christina Aguilera blond or Harlow blond Has skin that "  rejects the sun " She 's always wanted to be taller
CNN  Stylists , a fashion commentator and a luxury-brand exec are speaking out about a movement that sneers at Hollywood 's implicit deal : gratis gowns in exchange for money or mentions . Not surprisingly , fashion designers providing free couture dresses do n't exactly feel the same way . "  Because it has now become a thing where people spend months and make five dresses for them , " Tom Ford has said . "  If you wear one of those dresses and a company has invested hundreds of thousands of dollars or has paid you , then yeah , you say who it is . " In other words , ladies who look like a million bucks  and have been paid that much or more from deals with brands like Dior or Chanel  ca n't expect not to be asked about what they 're wearing . Reese Witherspoon supports #AskHerMore : "  It 's hard being a woman in Hollywood " Notes Hollywood stylist Cristina Ehrlich of awards-season red carpets : "  These women in many cases are being paid a great deal of money to wear these dresses . It 's serious business . Is this the venue to get into baby seals or Save the Whales ? I 'm not sure it fits . " One vice president of a major European fashion house asks : "  If you asked these actresses straight out , ` Which is more important to you , the money you 're paid to wear these dresses or talking about issues ? ' They 'd take the money any time , believe me . " Is red carpet coverage sexist ? Battle lines drawn at Oscars over #AskHerMore Stylist Karla Welch suggests a two-pronged response : "  How about ask her both ? Feminism and turning it out on the carpet should n't be mutually exclusive . There needed to be a backlash to mani-cams and , to be honest , there could be some better journalism from fashion experts . " Outgoing Fashion Police host Kathy Griffin agrees : "  Any actress can choose to steer the conversation . The worst -LSB- media -RSB- can do is nervously cut to commercial . I support any movement that gives women increased power from where their only recourse was just to wear Spanx and smile . Men , however , should be asked exclusively about their penis size . " The Hollywood Reporter 's 25 most powerful stylists of 2015 What do you think celebs should do ? © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Reese Witherspoon was among the actresses at the Oscars who called for red carpet interviewers to #AskHerMore While red carpet fashion is a big draw for awards , women in Hollywood say they want to talk about more than their gowns However , in many cases stars are paid to wear and promote the designer dresses . Can they do both ?
CNN -- Years ago , a frustrated boy with a violent temper attacked his own mother with a hammer  his older brother restrained him  . He stabbed a schoolmate over a dispute about which radio station to listen to ; the knife blade luckily hit a belt buckle . Carson wants to continue educational efforts and find ways to reform the health care system when he retires . That brash teen today is a world-renowned neurosurgeon and the director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Children 's Center . Dr. Benjamin S. Carson made medical history in 1987 by performing the first successful surgery that separated twins conjoined at the back of the head . He also became known for his expertise in pediatric brain tumors and methods of controlling seizures . In 2008 , he received the Presidential Medal of Freedom , this country 's highest civilian honor . Having come up from the streets of Detroit , Michigan , to receiving an award at the White House , Carson , 56 , works to spread his gospel of education and hard work to motivate others . He and his wife , Candy , started a scholarship foundation to help children with strong academics and humanitarian qualities to pay for college . "  I have at least 100,000 letters from kids and adults from around the world ... telling me how it changed their lives , " Carson said . Their tales of transformations and redemption inspire him to keep talking about educational empowerment and overcoming adversity , he said . An obstacle is a hurdle , and "  you jump over it , " Carson said . "  Every time you see a hurdle , you jump over it , and it strengthens you for the next one . And if that 's the case , you lead a victorious life , because whatever comes before you , you know you 're going to get around it . " Carson was raised in Detroit , majored in psychology at Yale University and attended medical school at the University of Michigan , where he studied neurosurgery . Carson 's life has been told through plays , books and movies , including a TNT made-for-TV movie called "  Gifted Hands , " which airs Saturday .  TNT is part of Turner Broadcasting , which also owns CNN .  The biopic stars Academy Award winner Cuba Gooding Jr. as Carson . "  I think he 's an angel , a gift from God , " Gooding said . "  He has touched a lot of people 's lives . " Carson holds more than 50 honorary doctorates and hundreds of other awards . He 's fortunate , he acknowledges , but this doctor does not believe in luck . "  I always say you make your own luck by being prepared , " he said . His mom pushed him hard . Sonya Carson "  would not accept the victim mentality . She would n't let us accept the victim mentality . No excuses . She did n't make excuses , and she did n't accept excuses , " Carson said . She turned off the TV , sent Carson and his brother to the library and made them write weekly book reports . Meanwhile , she worked several jobs to support her two sons . She is now 80 and lives with Carson in Baltimore , Maryland . When Carson was young , he was influenced by stories about Booker T. Washington , a former slave who taught himself to read and later advised presidents , and the biblical character Joseph , who persevered though his brothers sold him into slavery . "  Those kinds of stories had an impact on me and helped me to believe it 's not where you started , it 's where you end that counts . And you have a whole lot to do with that , " he said . "  Everybody has problems . They just come in different forms . If that problem for you becomes a containing fence , then you become a victim . Once you think you 're a victim , you are one , and you 're not going anywhere . " In the same way , Carson 's biography has resonated with people like 22-year-old Douglas Nivens II of Baltimore , Maryland . Nivens ' mother was killed when he was 4 years old , and his father was imprisoned for her murder . His aunt raised him , and he endured relentless teasing for his interest in academics while attending public schools in Baltimore City . During middle school , Nivens picked up Carson 's autobiography , "  Gifted Hands , " and immediately identified with it . "  It was a relief to see someone grew up in the city and did n't have a luxurious life but overcame it all , " he said . "  I love stories about underdogs , those who overcome adversity and do something . " When he was in middle school , Nivens won two $ 1,000 scholarships from the Carson Scholars Fund , which helps children with strong academics pay for college . "  When it came to times of doubt during high school , when I talked to my adviser , they would say , ` You got this award . Not everyone gets it . You 're not dumb . You have the tools to be successful in life , ' " Nivens said . "  That 's what really helped me in terms of self-esteem and management in high school . " He graduated with honors from the University of Maryland , Baltimore County in May . "  I probably should not be where I am , " said Nivens , a budget analyst for the U.S. Social Security Administration . "  I went to Baltimore public schools . My father 's in jail ; my mother is dead . Statistically , I should not be here . I should be on parole somewhere or even dead . I never looked at it that way . I made it through . " Carson said he 's heartened by stories pf people who 've been inspired by his biography . "  My message is that the person who has the most to do with what happens to you is you , " Carson said . "  Not somebody else , and not the environment . If you have a normal brain , you 're capable of incredible things . "	Doctor overcame troubled youth to head pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Carson won Medal of Freedom and shares his biography to motivate others Surgeon 's biography inspired Baltimore , Maryland , teen that anything is possible
CNN Student News  -- November 4 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : France & Greece China Ohio Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- South Sudanese government forces have recaptured the key town of Bor from rebels after fierce fighting , the town 's mayor said Saturday . Bor , the strategically important capital city of Jonglei state , north of South Sudan 's capital , Juba , has changed hands several times in a month of fighting . The mayor of Bor , Nhial Majak Nhial , told CNN on Saturday that the rebels were fleeing and that government forces were on the ground . He said that the defeated rebel force numbered well over 15,000 , and that the rebels had lost a lot of people in the fighting . The conflict has also taken a heavy toll on civilians in the town . Local agencies estimate that between 1,200 and 1,400 civilians were killed when rebels held Bor between December 17 and 24 , the mayor said . It 's not yet known how many more civilians lost their lives between December 31 , when the rebels recaptured the town , and the government 's reported victory Saturday . But Nhial said more atrocities had been committed while the town was again in rebel hands . "  They have taken all the cows , they have killed all the people , all the people who they 've found , they 've killed them , " he said . "  There will definitely be more than 1,200 civilians killed , " he said . "  Absolutely more than that . The local population is more than 225,000 , and they can not all run . Anybody who could n't leave the town or the area is killed by the rebel forces . They 've even killed my own aunt . " The mayor said there was no food in his town , much of which has been burned to the ground , and he made an urgent appeal for humanitarian aid . The area around Juba , about 125 miles  200 kilometers  away , is now safe , he added . Ethnic violence The country erupted into violence on December 15 , when rebels loyal to ousted Vice President Riek Machar tried to stage a coup . Since then , militia members loyal to Machar have battled government forces loyal to President Salva Kiir . The conflict has taken on an increasingly ethnic dimension , with widespread atrocities reported . Representatives of the government and rebels have been holding talks in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , but violence continues to wrack the world 's newest country . U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic warned Friday , at the end of a four-day visit to South Sudan , that one month of fighting had "  set South Sudan back a decade . " "  Mass atrocities have been committed by both sides . During my visit , I have received reports of mass killings , extrajudicial killings , arbitrary detention , enforced disappearances , sexual violence , the widespread destruction of property and the use of children in the conflict , " Simonovic said . "  Thousands of people have been killed and hundreds of thousands are now displaced , with about 70,000 people seeking protection in U.N. camps and 30,000 in the two U.N. compounds in Juba alone , " he added . Medecins Sans Frontieres said Wednesday that heavy fighting over the preceding few days had wounded hundreds of people and displaced thousands . The humanitarian group , also known as Doctors Without Borders , said its teams had treated 116 people suffering from gunshot wounds in the towns of Malakal and Nasir in Upper Nile state amid clashes there and elsewhere . The charity said Friday that it had been forced to suspend its activities in Malakal after its compound was looted by armed men who threatened its staff . "  This leaves thousands of people without much needed surgical and general health care -- a matter of huge concern to us , " general director Arjan Hehenkamp said . Museveni : Ugandan forces involved The conflict has forced many South Sudanese to flee their homes . The United Nations said this week that about 413,000 people are displaced within South Sudan in total , many of them women and children . Another 80,000 people have fled to neighboring countries , more than half of them to Uganda , the United Nations said . Speaking Wednesday at a summit of the International Conference of the Great Lakes Region in Angola , Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni said some of his country 's troops were fighting alongside South Sudanese government forces , the Sudan People 's Liberation Army . On January 13 , he said , "  the SPLA and elements of our army  the Uganda People 's Defence Forces  had a big battle with these rebel troops at a point about 90 kilometers from Juba where we inflicted a big defeat on them . " He added , "  Unfortunately , many lives were lost on the side of the rebels . We also took casualties and also had some dead . " Museveni criticized South Sudan 's governing SPLM party for failing to prevent what he said began as an internal political struggle from turning into a deadly conflict . "  To turn a political problem into a military one , having mismanaged the political problem itself in the first place is not acceptable , " he said . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . Journalist Samson Ntale and CNN 's Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Mayor of Bor says government forces have again recaptured the town from rebels He fears there will be many more civilian casualties from its period in rebel hands Talks between South Sudan 's government and rebels have not so far led to a cease-fire Senior U.N. official says a month of fighting has "  set South Sudan back a decade "
Washington  CNN  -- Look both ways . That is probably the first traffic safety advice most people get . But in 2011 , some 4,432 pedestrians were killed in the simple act of crossing a street . Those accounted for 14 % of all motor vehicle fatalities . On Monday , the U.S. Department of Transportation released updated pedestrian accident statistics in a bid to increase pedestrian safety . Here are six things you should know : 1  Sobriety is key . In 48 % of fatal pedestrian accidents , either the driver or the pedestrian was drunk . Of pedestrians involved , 35 % had blood-alcohol levels of .08 % . Of the drivers involved , 13 % had levels of .08 . Alcohol , the DOT noted , impairs both your walking ability and judgment . 2  It helps to use a crosswalk . Seventy percent of pedestrian fatalities occurred away from intersections , compared with 19 % at intersections .  The remainder were listed as "  other . " 3  Nighttime is more dangerous . Seventy percent of the fatalities occurred at night . 4  Most accidents occur in cities . Three out of every four pedestrian fatalities happen in urban areas . 5  Weekends are worse : Thirty-nine percent of pedestrian fatalities occur during weekend nights , compared with 27 % during weekday nights . 6  Males are represented in larger numbers . More than two-thirds of all pedestrians killed are male . Males are overrepresented in every age group , from 0-5 to 85-plus . One more thing : Florida , South Carolina and Arizona had the highest pedestrian fatality rates ; Nebraska , New Hampshire and Kansas had the lowest . The DOT has launched a website with safety tips and resources for parents , city planners and others involved in improving pedestrian safety .	DOT report : Almost half of pedestrian accidents involve someone who was drunk Nighttime , weekends more dangerous , as is crossing street in cities , report says Florida , South Carolina , Arizona have highest pedestrian fatality rates among states , it says
London  CNN  -- They can fly 300 yards through the air and have helped turn the likes of Tiger Woods into multi-millionaires , but it seems the powers of the golf ball do n't end there . For the last few days , BP have been using golf balls in an audacious attempt to plug the disastrous Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , which has been described by the Obama administration as probably "  the biggest environmental disaster " the country has ever faced . BP press officer Sheila Williams told CNN that the balls had been used part of a "  junk shot " including shredded tires and knotted rope that were pumped into the well at high pressure to plug the leak . Mud and cement was then injected into the well to keep the junk in place . Williams revealed that this process was carried out "  a number of times " in conjunction with the U.S. coast guard before the oil giant admitted that the experiment had failed . Golf balls were selected as part of the ` junk shot ' because they are small enough to plug gaps between the rope and tires and strong enough to withstand the pressure of the oil which is gushing out with significant force . Whether Titleist , Callaway or any other make  BP were unable to confirm either the brand or numbers used  golf balls are designed to withstand 2,000 pounds of force from a club making them a good candidate to withstand the high pressure oil leak . Engineers first used the ` junk shot ' to quell the 1991 Kuwait oil fires but never at such depths . The fact that the Deepwater Horizon leak is 5,000 feet below the surface of the ocean is thought to be the reason the technique did not succeed . "  I do n't think we 'll be using golf balls again , " commented Williams . US President Barack Obama said the failure of the earlier "  top kill " plan was "  heartbreaking " . The spill started over a month ago when the Deepwater Horizon rig caught fire and exploded , killing 11 workers . Over 40 days on and BP have still to stop the leak . BP has spent more than # 600m trying to stem the estimated 5,000 barrels of oil per day flowing out from the wellhead . Previous failed attempts have included a coffer dam , a tube to suck the oil up to the surface and top kill . BP will next try to cap the well using an underwater robot that will try to cut the leaking pipe and place a cap over it -- a process known as deploying the Lower Marine Riser Package Cap Containment System . BP said that the cost of tackling the spill had increased to $ 930 million . The final cost , including legal damages arising from the accident , is still uncertain . The US Government recently released data showing that the oil was leaking at up to 19,000 barrels per day , nearly four times higher than BP 's previous estimate of 5,000 barrels . The oil giant initially claimed after the Deepwater Horizon rig sank on April 22 that just 1,000 barrels per day were leaking from the well . The latest figures indicate that between 18.6 million gallons and 29.5 million gallons of crude oil have leaked into the sea , outstripping the 11 million gallons spilled in the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster .	` Junk shot ' using golf balls , rope and tires to plug holes in oil well fails . Golf balls selected because of small size and ability to withstand pressure . BP 's next plan is to send in underwater robot to cut pipe and cap it .
EW.com  -- The CW 's "  Gossip Girl " went out on a  relatively  high note . The final episode of the CW 's brand-establishing soap delivered 1.5 million viewers and a 0.8 rating among adults 18-49 , the show 's best performance this season . Along with a special "  Gossip Girl " retrospective at 8 p.m. , this was the network 's best Monday performance in a year . Over on NBC , a preview of the new White House comedy "  1600 Penn " performed somewhat modestly given its big lead-in from "  The Voice . " The Josh Gad sitcom had 7.2 million viewers and a 2.3 rating in the demo , coming after The Voice 's 13.3 million and a 4.1 rating . By comparison , the "  1600 " performance was down 8 percent from "  The New Normal 's " post - "  Voice " preview earlier this fall . Also Monday : CBS was the top network for the second Monday in a row , with "  How I Met Your Mother " and "  Mike & Molly " posting slight gains , while "  2 Broke Girls " slipped due to "  The Voice " expanding into the 9 p.m. hour this week . COLLECT ALL 4 HOBBIT COVERS : When you subscribe to EW ! Full chart : RANK IN DEMO ADULTS 18-49 TOTAL VIEWERS  +000 FOX 8:00 P DRAGONS S # 7t 1.5 3,900 8:30 P ICE AGE RS # 7t 1.5 4,024 9-10P CHARLIE BROWN RS # 13 0.9 2,659 ABC 8-9P MAKEOVER S # 12 1.0 4,239 9-10P MAKEOVER # 10 1.2 4,877 10-11P CASTLE R # 11 1.1 5,396 CBS 8-9P HIMYM # 3 3.4 8,662 9:00 P BROKE GIRLS # 2 3.5 10,159 9:30 P MIKE&MOLLY # 4 3.3 10,802 10-11P HAWAII 5-0 # 5 2.4 10,289 NBC 8-930P VOICE # 1 4.1 13,233 9:30 P 1600 PENN S # 6 2.3 7,186 10-11P TAKE-ALL S # 7t 1.5 4,511 CW 8-9P GOSSIP GIRL S # 15 0.6 1,326 9-10P GOSSIP GIRL # 14 0.8 1,509 See original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The final episode of "  Gossip Girl " delivered 1.5 million viewers and a 0.8 rating among adults 18-49 Over on NBC , a preview of "  1600 Penn " performed somewhat modestly "  2 Broke Girls " slipped due to "  The Voice " expanding into the 9 p.m. hour
CNN  -- It 's been called "  something Smurfs would play on , " labeled a danger to players and derided over a lack of consultation . Madrid 's new blue clay courts have been the talk of the tennis world for all the wrong reasons . But is the furore justified ? After all , is n't this the same surface -- just a different color ? It 's the nature of sports stars to be hyper-sensitive about their office environment . As one British journalist argued , a malfunctioning computer can waste your morning 's work , but a ridge in a tennis court might spell the end of a career . The sport has undergone some of its most dramatic modernizations in the last two decades . Let 's not forget the uproar when Hawk-Eye , the electronic ball tracking system , was introduced in the 1990s . But if the controversy over the last few weeks has revealed anything about tennis , it 's that this is a game where tradition still looms large . Ion Tiriac 's baby The man behind the blue revolution is Romanian billionaire Ion Tiriac . The former French Open doubles winner and manager to Boris Becker has had a blue bee in his bonnet for a while . He pioneered the first blue hard courts at his indoor event in Stuttgart -- a lead followed by the Australian and U.S. Opens . Tiriac argues the color increases the visibility of the yellow ball and points to scientific tests proving the contrast is at least 15 % better on blue than red . The fact it 's also the color of Madrid 's major sponsor , Spanish insurance giant Mutua Madrilena , has not been lost on his critics . A court by any other name But really , it 's just a color right ? According to Tiriac the blue clay court is made exactly the same way as the red , with bricks ground into tiny fragments and spread over the ground in two different layers . However , in Madrid these bricks are stripped of their iron oxide  the chemical that provides the original color  and then treated with dye . Tiriac acknowledges the cost is almost double that of the red clay , but says the extra expense is worth it . He admits that improving the experience for television viewers watching his $ 10.6 million tournament was a major factor in the switch . Players see red So what 's all the fuss about ? World No. 2 Rafael Nadal 's shock exit in the third round on Thursday has only added fire to players ' complaints that the new surface is too slippery . The "  King of Clay " -- Nadal has won six of his last seven appearances at the French Open -- was beaten in a three-hour epic by fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco . It ended a 22-match winning streak on clay for Nadal that stretched back to 2011 , and was his first defeat in 14 meetings with Verdasco . "  I never was in control of the match , I did n't know how to win a point , " Nadal told reporters , before suggesting he will not show up next year unless the controversial blue clay surface is changed . But even before his huge upset , the 25-year-old was critical of the new surface , tweeting : "  The history of clay court was on red . It was n't on blue . Only one person wins -- the owner of the tournament . " A slippery slope ? World No. 1 Novak Djokovic also threatened not to step on Madrid 's blue clay again after he lost to Janko Tipsarevic . The Serbian beat Nadal in last year 's final , held on red clay , and he expressed his unhappiness with the new surface even after beating Spanish qualifier Daniel Gimeno-Traver 6-2 3-6 6-2 in his opening match on Tuesday . "  Today I played my first official match on blue clay and I have to admit I was not very happy . Next time I have to bring skates instead of shoes , it was sooo slippery , " the 24-year-old said on Facebook . Likewise , Ukrainian player Sergiy Stakhovsky tweeted : "  After playing a match on blueclay court 6 I can say with full responsibility on my shoulders that it is the worst court of @ATPWorldTour . " In the women 's draw , world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka also complained about the slide , telling reporters : "  The surface is a bit slippery , but it 's the same for all of us . " It 's not just the texture of the surface raising eyebrows -- on the most basic level it just looks different . "  Ha ! Blue clay . . It looks like something Smurfs would play on , " tweeted player Ivo Karlovic , in what has become a catchphrase of the tournament . But it 's not all blue . American star Serena Williams did n't see what all the fuss was about . "  I have n't noticed a difference between the blue and the red clay . I think it 's the same , it 's just you do n't get as dirty , " she tweeted . Technically speaking According to experts the lack of traction has nothing to do with the color but the implementation of the clay -- which has been playing much faster than usually expected on such a surface . Alistair McCaw , a performance specialist to tennis stars including Jelena Dokic , has been watching the action close-up in Madrid . "  The problem is not the fact that the color is blue , even though the change from the traditional brown is quite a shock . Let 's not forget the Australian Open changing court color from the green to that bright blue ! The players had a lot to say about that too , " he said on his Facebook page . "  It 's that the amount of clay covering the surface is lesser than normal . If you dig your foot into the surface and remove some of the clay , you will notice that the underlying surface is a hard rubber-like mat . When water is sprayed on the surface , it become slippery . This , in my opinion , is what 's causing the main problems . " Former world No. 3 Ivan Ljubicic tested the blue clay at Madrid last year and admitted it did "  look a bit slippery . " But the Croatian , who retired last month , did n't believe it was a safety issue . Part of being a pro tennis player is adapting to different surfaces , he said . And besides , the biggest challenge at Madrid is n't the clay -- it 's the altitude . Balls fly faster through thinner air and Madrid is 650 meters above sea level . "  I would say that grass courts and even the hard courts are a lot more dangerous than clay -- any clay , " Ljubicic told CNN . "  Regarding adaptation , tennis players face different surfaces on a weekly basis , every clay court is a bit different . I would say that the altitude in Madrid creates bigger problems to players than the color of the court . " Eyes on the prize ... no , the other prize The issue is n't just about Madrid , of course . The tournament is seen as an important buildup to the real clay-court crown -- the French Open . Players have argued it 's difficult enough adjusting to the conditions in Madrid , without then having to change their game at Roland Garros at the end of the month . Perhaps most galling for the top players is that they were never consulted over the controversial changes . "  Players should be agreeing to the change -- there should be some value in what they say , " Djokovic told reporters . "  I 'm not blaming the tournament , it is fighting for its own interests . But the ATP should have done a better job on player rights in protecting what the players want . " Ljubicic added that even when players did raise objections , they were ignored . "  Players were asked at the council meeting if they would support the idea of having blue clay courts . They clearly refused the idea -- only to see that the decision was made anyhow that the surface will be blue , " he said . The ATP has granted permission for a one-year trial of the tournament , and says it 'll be taking into account players ' feedback . Judging by the response so far , Tiriac will have a battle on his hands to keep blue in 2013 .	Madrid 's new blue clay courts have caused an uproar in the tennis world The brainchild of billionaire Ion Tiriac , it was hoped the color would attract TV audiences Players complain about slippery surface , with Nadal 's shock exit adding fire to flame After one-year trial , will ATP approve blue clay in 2013 ?
Rolling Stone  -- This unholy mess replaces the artful ambition of "  The American " with torture , blood spray , kinky sex , twisted fun and a bizarro critique of U.S. policy on illegal immigration . It 's a digital gorefest that expands on the faux trailer Robert Rodriguez included in "  Grindhouse , " the 2007 exploitation epic he unleashed with pal Quentin Tarantino . Peter Travers reviews "  Machete " in his weekly video series , "  At the Movies With Peter Travers . " Rodriguez and co-director Ethan Maniquis revel in the glorious sight of Mexican-American actor Danny Trejo as "  Machete , " a former federale out to kill a drug lord  a never-lumpier Steven Seagal  and assassinate a corrupt Texas senator  a never-hammier Robert De Niro  . Trejo , 66 , looks like four miles of torn-up road , but here he is convincingly kicking pretty-boy ass and bedding hotties such as Jessica Alba , Michelle Rodriguez and Lindsay Lohan . Is he redeemed ? Your senses will be too numb to care . Just to hear Trejo deadpan the line "  Machete do n't text " is tasty compensation . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	Danny Trejo plays Machete , a former federale out to kill a drug lord A never-hammier Robert De Niro plays a corrupt Texas senator Trejo , 66 , convincingly kicks pretty-boy ass
CNN  -- At the Group of 20 summit in Mexico , President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin had their first face-to-face meeting since Putin resumed the Russian presidency in May . The joint statement they issued afterward indicated several issues  including Iran and Syria  that the two sides would seek to cooperate on , but it did not announce any significant agreements to do so . More telling were the visual images when the two presidents were together ; Obama appeared to be doing his best to project an image of warmth and friendliness , while Putin was stiff and reserved , as he usually is with other world leaders . It appeared that Obama was earnestly seeking to befriend Putin , but Putin was not reciprocating . Why would Putin behave this way ? It may be because , unlike Obama , he may not be looking for opportunities to cooperate , nor be embarrassed about forgoing them . He appears to have a much more transactional approach to foreign policy , running something like this : Washington wants Moscow to adopt the American approach to Iran and Syria and several other issues . But it is unwilling to make concessions to Moscow to get it . Two such concessions would be abandoning ballistic-missile defense plans that Moscow finds threatening and repealing the Cold War-era Jackson-Vanik Amendment that continues to limit Russian-American trade . But much to Moscow 's frustration , Washington is either unwilling or unable to accommodate Russia . So why should Russia accommodate America ? News : Obama and Putin discuss Syria , other topics during two-hour talk The Obama administration would undoubtedly respond that surely Putin does not want Iran to acquire nuclear weapons , and thus should fully cooperate with the international effort to prevent this . And as Benjamin Rhodes , Obama 's director for strategic communications at the National Security Council , was quoted as saying Monday about Syria , "  We 've been working to get the Russians to come in line with , frankly , the broad international community . This is not just an issue between the United States and Russia . " Surely Russia would not want to defy the "  broad international community " on Syria . Especially when it comes to Syria though , Putin and the Russian foreign policy establishment believe that America and the "  broad international community " have missed the point . As bad as Bashar al-Assad 's regime may be , Russia believes its downfall will be far worse for everyone , and not just Russia . The Russians believe the most likely consequence would be the rise of a radical Sunni regime or a drawn-out civil war . Either way , far more people will be killed . Nor does Moscow see increasing sanctions -- much less the use of force -- as being effective in resolving the Iranian nuclear crisis . Moscow does n't see itself as willfully and wrongly defying "  the broad international community . " It genuinely believes that America and its Western allies are pursuing misguided policies toward Syria and Iran . For Obama to think he can get Moscow to adopt the American approach without compensation is simply an insult to Putin . The Obama administration needs to understand that America can not have its borscht and eat it , too . If it wants Russia 's cooperation on Syria and Iran , it is going to have to make significant concessions to Moscow on other issues . Washington must now decide whether the cooperation it wants from Russia is really worth that . Syria exposes cool spots in U.S.-Russia ties The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mark N. Katz .	Mark Katz : Obama and Putin said they 'd cooperate but did n't say how they would He says Obama appeared to want to befriend Putin at G-20 , but Putin was stiff and reserved He says if U.S. wo n't accommodate Russia , Russia wo n't accommodate U.S. Katz : Russia thinks U.S. mistaken on Syria and regime 's ouster will bring worse carnage
New York  CNN  Add Wall Streeters to the list of Republican power players uneasy about the prospect of another Mitt Romney bid for the White House . The corridors of high finance were the target of intense hostility during Romney 's last presidential run . President Barack Obama 's campaign successfully seized on the former Massachusetts governor 's time at private equity firm Bain Capital to paint a picture of an industry that destroys middle-class jobs while wealthy executives reap generous profits -- often taxed at lower rates . Financial executives remember the attacks in 2012 all too well and , faced with the possibility of another Romney campaign , are wary of another round of negative attention . "  His formal entry will shine brighter light on some of the issues in the industry that people in the industry would rather not have a bright light on , " said Jonathan Foster , managing director of the New York-based private equity firm Current Capital . Romney told supporters Friday he wo n't embark on another campaign . The Private Equity Growth Capital Council , a Washington trade group that spearheaded a campaign in 2012 to improve understanding about the industry , stood ready to beat back criticism if Romney went back on the campaign trail . PEGCC is "  prepared to engage and counter any mischaracterizations and attacks from the right or the left that could undermine the reputation of the private equity industry , " Ken Spain , the group 's vice president of public affairs , said in an email before Romney 's Friday announcement . Romney faced widespread skepticism from plenty of fellow Republicans who questioned his conservatism and ability to bond with voters . Everyone from News Corp. chief Rupert Murdoch to rank-and-file GOP members of Congress threw cold water on the idea of a third Romney campaign . That would have made make finance -- where Romney spent decades of his professional life -- even more important as he sought political and financial support . In a sign of the industry 's significance , Romney made one of his first significant public acknowledgments that he is seriously considering another campaign to GOP donors in New York this month . If Romney ran again , the spotlight would have again shone most brightly on the private equity sector , which acquires companies and restructures them with the end goal of turning a profit . Scott Meadow , a private equity investor who has done business with the former governor , said one of the biggest challenges in 2012 was to get the media to portray fairly the kind of work that PE does and the range of organizations , such as pension funds and endowments , the industry supports . "  It really felt like it was not in the interest by the press to get out -- to really explain what the idiosyncrasies are and benefits are to private equity , " Meadow said , adding that there 's a prevailing sense among PE executives that it 's "  a waste to go forward trying to defend the industry . " But there 's no sign that the climate for Romney has improved since 2012 . The wealth he accumulated during his years as a PE executive will still be scrutinized , as issues like income inequality and raising the minimum wage have become even more politically potent . The midterm elections in November demonstrated that private equity -- which had already become a better-known household phrase thanks to the 2012 elections -- remains a rich target for criticism . In several key statewide races across the country , politicians with PE backgrounds , including gubernatorial candidates Bruce Rauner in Illinois and Tom Foley in Connecticut , were targeted by their opponents for their work in private equity as well as their massive wealth . Rauner won his race , while Foley and other PE candidates , such as Senate hopeful Greg Orman in Kansas , were defeated . "  His opponent basically trashed the hell out of him and trashed the hell out of the fact that ... companies that he invested in killed old people or something like that , " said Bill Daley , Obama 's former chief of staff , who served as an adviser on Rauner 's transition team . "  Those sort of stories are tailor-made out of the private equity industry . "	Private equity could be back in the spotlight if Mitt Romney runs for president Industry took a beating when Romney ran in 2012
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia is asking pilgrims to cover their mouths with a mask while in crowded places -- or risk spreading a deadly disease . In four months , the holy city of Mecca opens its doors to millions of Muslim pilgrims for the annual Hajj , with multitudes congregating at the same holy places at the same time . Others visit during the holy month of Ramadan , which started this week . It 's a perfect scenario for catching and spreading the relatively new Middle East Respiratory Syndrome  MERS  , which has befallen Saudi Arabia almost exclusively , state-run SPA news agency reports . What is the Hajj ? The ailment , caused by the coronavirus , wreaks havoc on the respiratory systems of those who contract it . More than half of those known to have caught it have died . Of 81 infected worldwide , 45 have died , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . Of the total cases , 66 were in Saudi Arabia , where 38 people succumbed to it . It mainly affects older men , the CDC says . So far , there is little to indicate that it could become the kind of deadly pandemic SARS was , though it is caused by a related virus . All Muslims must undertake the journey at least once in their lifetime , and the government is telling them to add some preventative health requirements to their spiritual rituals . Mecca redevelopment sparks heritage concerns Most of them are common sense recipes for stopping the spread of the common cold : Wash hands , especially after coughing and sneezing ; throw used tissues in the trash ; do n't touch your eyes , nose and mouth while in public places . And the Health Ministry wants people to wear a surgical mask while in crowded locations . People with challenged immune systems should avoid travel to the birthplace of Islam for now , the ministry said . This includes people with chronic diseases such as diabetes and those infected with HIV . Also , while in Saudi Arabia , the Health Ministry requests , please , do n't sneeze in other people 's faces .	Saudi Arabia is preparing for an onslaught of religious pilgrims The Health Ministry wants to prevent the spread of the new respiratory disease , MERS MERS kills more than half the people it is known to infect But it is unlikely to become a pandemic , health officials say
Washington  CNN  -- The Census Bureau is expected to release results of the 2010 Census on Tuesday , the first look at how the country has changed over the last decade . "  The 2010 Census began last January in a remote corner of Alaska and in the months that followed , America stepped up and achieved a successful Census , " the bureau said on its website . "  Beginning this month , the nation will see the first results from the 2010 Census as a new portrait of America begins to take shape . " The U.S. Constitution mandates that a Census be conducted every 10 years to track population shifts in the country . Its primary purpose is to determine how many people live in the United States and which states will gain congressional seats and electoral votes and which states will lose them . But Census population figures are also used to distribute federal funds to states and communities . The 2010 Census form had 10 questions -- the shortest one in U.S. history -- and surveyed some 134 million households either by mail or in person to collect the data . About 2 million Census workers were hired for the job . About 74 percent of households returned the form , matching the rate in 2000 , according to the bureau . The new Census numbers will be the basis for congressional reapportionment , as the states divvy up the 435 seats in the House of Representatives . The report will likely kick off a fight next year between Democrats and Republicans over redistricting , as states gaining or losing seats will have to draw new districts . But even most states which are assigned the same number of House seats may redraw the boundaries of their congressional districts to make each one roughly equal when it comes to population . In states where one party dominates , the redistricting process could give that party an advantage , and the results could have a big impact on the 2012 battle for control of Congress . The Census numbers could also have a big impact on the next race for the White House , as some states will gain or lose electoral votes , and thus influence over the outcome of the next presidential race . Texas is expected to be a big winner in the process . An estimate by Election Data Services , a political consulting firm that specializes in redistricting , suggests that Texas will likely gain four congressional seats , with Florida adding as many as two , and Arizona , Georgia , Nevada , South Carolina , Utah , and Washington state possibly each gaining a seat . According to the estimate , Ohio and New York could be the big losers , with each state likely losing two seats . Illinois , Iowa , Louisiana , Massachusetts , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , and Pennsylvania may each lose a seat . It is expected that California will remain steady at 53 seats , the largest congressional state delegation in the country . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this story .	Census results are used for congressional reapportionment About 134 million households are surveyed during 2010 Census The first official results from the 2010 Census will be released at 11 a.m. ET
Lampedusa , Italy  CNN  -- At the port in Lampedusa , recovery teams continue to fill trucks with the bodies they 're still pulling from the sea . More than 190 so far -- and climbing . They are among 500 African immigrants believed to be aboard a boat that sank off the island Thursday in Italy 's deadliest migrant shipwreck . The survivors -- 155 of them , mainly from Eritrea -- wait in a cramped migrant detention center . It was built to hold 250 people but houses more than 1,200 . Opinion : Europe must be open to refugees fleeing persecution Germani Nagassi , 30 , told CNN he 'll never forget what he saw . "  For five hours we were floating , using the dead bodies of our companions , " he said . "  There is nothing worse than this . There were many children . There was a mother with her four children , a mother with an infant , all lost at sea . My mind is scarred and in a terrible condition . " The traumatic first hand accounts are helping build a picture of why the boat ended up on the seabed of the Mediterranean with most of its passengers entombed below deck . Survivors mourn victims of Italy shipwreck 13 days at sea The vessel was packed with hundreds of African migrants . Because of its location as the closest Italian island to Africa , Lampedusa is a common destination for African refugees seeking to enter European Union countries , and shipwrecks off its shores are common . Survivors described spending 13 days on the boat before the engine stopped less than a mile from the small Mediterranean island , halfway between Sicily and Tunisia . Lampedusa : Why tough penalties will not work There 's been criticism more was not done to help , that the Italian Coast guard was too slow to respond , that they spent precious time filming footage of the rescue instead of saving more lives . Hamid Mohammad , 18 , swears an Italian vessel spotted them in trouble off the coast , but did nothing . "  The Italian 's boat started circling around us . They circled our boat twice , then just went away , " he said . "  That 's when people started to panic . " Fire on board The boat 's captain told the passengers to set fire to clothes and blankets to attract attention . "  He gathered some clothes and bed sheets and lit them . But his container of benzene exploded , " Mohammad said . The fire then spread and when many of the migrants crowded to one side , the boat capsized , said Italian lawmaker Mario Marazziti , citing survivors ' accounts . "  People were screaming as the boat capsized , " Mohammed said . The lucky few In response to criticism , the coast guard Saturday defended its response time and said its crews were on site 20 minutes after receiving the SOS call . "  The moment we got the emergency call from the fishermen at 7 a.m. we immediately intervened and started coordinating the rescue operations , " said coast guard spokesman Filippo Marini Abrahalli Amare , 23 , was one of the lucky few who were eventually rescued . "  We left our country because of hardship , so that we could live in peace and help our families , " said Abrahalli Amare , 23 . "  But we have found this bitter sadness . It was so unexpected , so disturbing . And now we ca n't think of anything else , " In July : Pope prays for lost refugees on Lampedusa	Firsthand accounts are helping build a picture of why the boat capsized Lampedusa is a common destination for African refugees There 's been criticism more was not done to help Survivor : "  My mind is scarred "
CNN  -- Apple has bought a 3-D-sensor company that helped build Microsoft 's motion-control system Kinect , stirring curiosity about what the tech giant might be up to behind closed doors in Cupertino . PrimeSense is an Israel-based company that specializes in sensors that let users interact with mobile devices like tablets and smartphones by waving their hands . The company 's technology was used to help create Kinect , rolled out for the Xbox 360 in 2010 as a way for gamers to put down the controller and use their bodies and voices to play games . It 's been incorporated further into the new Xbox One console , letting users control movies and other media with their voices . Apple had reportedly been in talks with PrimeSense since July . The deal was sealed for a reported $ 360 million . A statement released by Apple in response to queries resulted in the same "  non-confirmation confirmation " it has released after past acquisitions . "  Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time , and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans , " the statement says . PrimeSense has confirmed the purchase but offered no further details . The purchase , of course , immediately spurred speculation about what Apple might have in mind . "  Apple could be thinking a number of things , from gaming on iPads to a way to interact with Apple TV or the rumored TV set , " said Carolina Milanesi , a tech analyst with Gartner Research . She said she doubts Apple is working on a dedicated gaming device . Instead , she speculated , the company could be looking at a way to connect multiple devices and operate them at the same time . "  Gesture certainly has a place in complementing touch and voice as a way to interact with different devices , " she said . "  Gesture could be particularly useful in interacting with different screens in the home . " The less exciting possibility is that we 'll never see a product or feature as a direct result of the buyout . "  Apple has done a series of acquisitions that we have not seen through as far as a practical implementation of the technology , " Milanesi said . But as the news spread Monday , it was the possibility of the long-rumored Apple TV set that many were thinking about . Apple-centric blog 9to5 Mac reported in September that Apple was testing motion-sensor technology for television products . To some , the PrimeSense purchase signals that Apple is working on something truly different . The television has supposedly been in the works for years , and the company is widely expected to be rolling out a smartwatch in the not-too-distant future . But incremental upgrades to its popular iPhone and iPad lines in recent years have led some observers to say the company has lost its knack for groundbreaking innovation . That 's a concept Milanesi rejects . "  To think that Apple is not innovating just because we do not see a new category of product hitting the market is quite shortsighted , " she said .	Apple buys 3-D motion-sensor company PrimeSense Purchase reportedly was for $ 360 million Analyst says technology could be for an Apple TV set or for gaming Apple wo n't say what its plans for PrimeSense are
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A woman sunbathing on a boat died after a stingray leaped from the water off the Florida Keys on Thursday and struck her , officials said . The dead stingray lies on the deck of a boat in Florida . "  It 's just as freakish of an accident as I have heard , " said Jorge Pino of Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission . "  The chances of this occurring are so remote that most of us are completely astonished that this happened . " He said it was not clear whether the 55-year-old Michigan woman died from the blow to her head , from the ray 's barb piercing her or from her fall backward . The accident happened off the coast of Marathon Key , in the Florida Keys about an hour 's drive south of Miami . The woman , who was with her husband and children , was taken to the Mariner Hospital in Tavernier , where she was pronounced dead . Pino said he had seen stingrays leap into the air , but added , "  it 's very rare for them to collide with objects . " Results from an autopsy to be conducted by the medical examiner will be combined with witness statements and evidence from aboard the vessel to determine the cause of death , he said . The spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , said Becky Herrin , a spokeswoman for the Monroe County Sheriff 's Office . The species , also called a leopard ray or bonnet skate , can measure up to 8 feet in length , with an 8-foot tail , and weigh up to 500 pounds , according to the Florida Museum of Natural History 's Web site . They tend to swim close to the surface and can leap out of the water when being pursued , according to the site . E-mail to a friend	Sunbather on boat off Florida dies after fish strikes her , officials say Unknown whether ray 's barb , blow to head or fall caused her to die Victim was 55-year-old woman from Michigan Spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , sheriff 's spokeswoman says
CNN  -- Strikes and counterstrikes between Israel and Hamas resumed as talks aimed at agreeing to a longer-term truce fell apart . Since the temporary ceasefire crumbled Tuesday , at least 137 rockets have been launched from Gaza , the Israeli military said . Of those , 94 hit Israel and 24 were intercepted . Sirens warning of rocket fire repeatedly wailed above the Eshkol region , Ashdod and other Israeli communities on Wednesday . One rocket struck a home in the Ashkelon area but no injuries were reported . Israel has retaliated with airstrikes on Gaza , attacking some 80 suspected militant sites . The attacks have killed 23 people and injured more than 130 , the Gaza Health Ministry said Wednesday . Hamas said one such strike targeted Mohammed Deif , the head of its armed wing , the Qassam Brigades . It killed Deif 's wife and 7-month-old son instead , the Gaza Health Ministry said . But Mousa Marzhouk , deputy head of Hamas ' politburo , said Wednesday that Deif was not killed and is "  in a safe place . " The Israeli military said it was looking into the claim . Sami Abu Zuhri , a senior spokesman for Hamas , posted on Twitter that Israel would "  pay a heavy price " for its "  crimes against Palestinian civilians . " He said the conflict around Gaza would not end unless Deif decided it should and unless Israel committed to halting violence and lifting its siege of the territory . The Qassam Brigades warned international airlines to refrain from landing at or taking off from Ben Gurion Airport in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv starting 6 a.m. local time Thursday  11 p.m. ET Wednesday  . The statement was aired Wednesday by the Palestinian outlet Al Aqsa TV . The blame game As has been the case throughout the conflict , each side blamed the other for the collapse of the ceasefire and failure of peace talks . Israel 's military resumed airstrikes Tuesday afternoon after it said three rockets were fired into Israel from Gaza . Hamas denied involvement in firing the rockets . The truce had been due to last until midnight Tuesday . The talks in Cairo were bound to be difficult because of what they tried to achieve . Israel wanted Gaza to be demilitarized , demanding that Hamas , which controls the territory , and other militant groups lay down their arms . Palestinians wanted Israel 's blockade to end , saying it is strangling the economy of the small , impoverished strip of land and the lives of its inhabitants . Senior Hamas official Izzat Risheq , who was involved in the negotiations in Cairo , said Wednesday that the Israelis negotiated in bad faith and never intended to a make a deal . "  The Israeli delegation was not serious enough to achieve a deal , and was evasive and did not respond to any of our demands , and , therefore , they are the ones who are responsible for the failure of these negotiations , " he said . The Palestinians called for the easing of the blockade while postponing their demands to reopen an airport and a seaport for the territory , but the Israelis never responded to the proposal , he said . Instead , the Israeli side continued to insist on the demilitarization of Gaza , something the Palestinians have long said they will never agree too , Risheq said . The Israeli authorities -- who retain control of Gaza 's airspace , Mediterranean waters and their shared border -- say releasing their grip on what goes into and out of the territory is n't feasible while Hamas and other groups are still building up their arsenals of weapons . Israel blamed Gaza militants for breaking the truce . But it was unclear exactly what happened . In one interpretation , the Israelis left Cairo after they gave up on negotiations . In another interpretation , the Israelis took the newest proposal home with them to share with their government . "  We did not seek this war . Israel imposed this war on us and Israel resumed this war , and our people have no other choice but to remain steadfast and defend their families , " said Risheq . ` Worse to come ' Saeb Erekat , a senior member of the Palestine Liberation Organization , told Voice of Palestine Radio on Wednesday that the Israeli government alone was responsible for the breakdown of the ceasefire . He accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of "  sabotaging every effort as he did always " in the search for peace . Appealing for an international effort to protect Gaza , provide aid to its beleaguered citizens and establish a Palestinian state , Erekat said he feared that "  worse is still to come . " Netanyahu fired back in comments to Hamas , also on Wednesday . "  Our policy is simple : If you shoot , you will get attacked , " he warned . "  If you try more , you will get double . If Hamas does not understand that today ,  it  will tomorrow . And if not tomorrow , the day after . " Israel will not stop its efforts against Hamas "  until we can ensure full safety and security " for people in Israel 's south , the prime minister said . If Hamas thinks otherwise , Netanyahu said , it is mistaken . The latest conflict , which began in early July , has killed more than 2,000 Palestinians , leaving entire Gaza neighborhoods in rubble . The violence has killed 67 people on the Israeli side , with militants in Gaza firing roughly 3,500 rockets toward Israel . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Ali Younes , Amir Tal , Andrew Carey and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	23 people have been killed in renewed Israeli strikes , Gaza Health Ministry says "  If you shoot , you will get attacked , " Netanyahu warns Hamas Hamas ' armed wing leader not killed in airstrike , a Hamas official said Hamas negotiator says Israelis negotiated in bad faith in Cairo talks
CNN  -- Northrop Grumman Corp. plans to close a New Orleans , Louisiana , shipbuilding operation in 2013 and consolidate its Gulf operations , affecting thousands of jobs , the company announced Tuesday . Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , who has been meeting with company officials , said he will do everything possible to keep the Avondale yard open . "  This presents a tremendous economic challenge to the Avondale area , " Jindal said in a statement . "  The roughly 5,000 direct jobs at the Avondale site support about 6,500 additional indirect jobs in the New Orleans region , meaning a total of roughly 11,500 jobs are at risk due to this change in the Navy 's procurement program . " Northrop-Grumman said the decision was a necessity . "  The consolidation will reduce future costs , increase efficiency , and address shipbuilding overcapacity , " Wes Bush , chief executive officer and president , said in a statement . "  This difficult , but necessary decision will ensure long-term improvement in Gulf Coast program performance , cost competitiveness and quality . " As a result of the consolidation , Northrop Grumman , which has owned the Avondale operation since 2001 , said it will recognize an estimated pre-tax charge of $ 113 million in the second quarter . The company builds the LPD 17 San Antonio-class amphibious troop and cargo vessel for the U.S. military . Two other facilities that work on the LPD program also will be impacted , said Brandon R. "  Randy " Belote III , vice president of strategic communications . The LPD vessels will be built only in Pascagoula , Mississippi , after the Avondale closure . Shipbuilding will continue in Gulfport , Mississippi . The company also said it is considering options for its the shipbuilding business . "  Recognizing our company 's long-term strategic priorities , we foresee little synergy between shipbuilding and our other businesses . It is now appropriate to explore separating shipbuilding from Northrop Grumman , " said Bush . Options include spinning the division off to shareholders . Although the state already is considering options for new work at the New Orleans shipyard , Jindal said he is asking Secretary of Navy Ray Mabus and the federal government to prevent jobs at Avondale from being lost . Northrop Grumman will give details of the plans to investors Wednesday morning . Bush said the company will work with federal , state and local officials to "  explore alternate uses for Avondale as the last two ships under construction reach completion . " Northrop Grumman said it anticipates some opportunities in Pascagoula for Avondale shipbuilders who wish to relocate . Belote did not specify how many jobs might be moved .	Northrop Grumman will close New Orleans shipbuilding facility in 2013 Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal trying to keep New Orleans yard open Company 's Gulf operations will be consolidated in Pascagoula , Mississippi
Denver , Colorado  CNN  -- When Shay Kelley lost her marketing job she got worried . When she lost her home and her car she got mad . "  I went off into the woods and I started yelling at God , " she says . "  I did n't know why God would lead me up to this point in my life just to have me left with nothing . " "  I was like , ` Just tell me what my purpose is , tell me why I 'm here and if you 'll just tell me I 'll work harder than for anything I have ever worked for anything else in my entire life . ' " Within weeks she had her answer : Travel to all 50 states in 50 weeks . Collect canned goods for charities along the way and take a ton of pictures . She has dubbed it Project 50/50 . She stayed with friends while she waited tables and got together enough money to buy "  Bubba , " her 1984 Ford pickup truck . She packed her camera , which she calls "  Roxy , " and her dog , Zu Zu , and hit the road . She began on New Year 's Day in South Carolina , randomly going door to door to collect canned goods . "  I set a goal of 200 cans a week , which does n't sound like a lot , but the premise is -LSB- that -RSB- doing a little bit adds up to a lot , " Kelley says . "  After a year , -LSB- that 's -RSB- 10,000 canned food items . " She began to meet homeless people as she dropped off the canned goods , and she says they have surprised her with their generosity . She met Donald , a retired Navy sailor , at a library in South Carolina . "  He invited me to go to lunch to buy me a hot meal because I had been eating PowerBars for three days , " Kelley says . "  I found out after he left -- after he paid the tab and paid my meter -- that Donald was homeless , that he was actually living in the shelter . " "  That was the first week when I learned the people with the least tend to give the most . " Donald was one of the first people she photographed . She posts her pictures on her website and Facebook page as she goes . She has more than 1,000 Facebook fans following her travels . See more of Kelley 's photos One of those Facebook followers is Laurie Holleman Sherrod , who contacted Kelley with an unusual request : She asked Kelley if she could find her son , Trey . The last time she heard , he was living on the streets in Santa Cruz , California . "  I thought that 's crazy , how do you find one homeless person in an entire city ? " Kelley recalled . But she agreed to try and sure enough a few weeks later she happened upon a nice young man on the streets of Santa Cruz . "  And then here I am sitting around the table with Trey shooting a video for his mother who lives in South Carolina . " As with everything that has happened to her so far , she credits her faith with guiding her . "  It is so important to me that God remains in the forefront of my life , " she says . "  He leads me . He tells me to go right or go left . I ca n't really explain that to people , but I do n't do anything , God does it all . I 'm just standing here . " iReporter tells the story of one homeless man Through her photos she captures people down on their luck , but not ready to give up . She says it has made her own uncertain future easier to deal with . "  I just hope that people who are in really rough situations will realize that God did n't forget about them . God is just trying to prepare them for something even bigger , even greater and even more blessed than they can even imagine . "	Jobless and unemployed , Shay Kelley decides to embark on a new mission Starting on New Year 's Day , she began helping the homeless She collected canned goods , then decided she wanted to do more Kelley is traveling to all 50 states with her camera , photographing America 's homeless people
CNN  -- Sachin Tendulkar 's wait for a history-making 100th international century continues after the legendary Indian cricketer fell short again in the first Test against Australia in Melbourne on Tuesday . The 38-year-old "  Little Master " was dismissed for 73 in the final over of the second day as the tourists reached 214-3 in reply to Australia 's first-innings total of 333 . Tendulkar is international cricket 's record run scorer in both the five-day and limited overs formats but has been stranded on 99 centuries since March . He added 117 with Rahul Dravid after coming to the crease at 97-2 , following opening batsman Virender Sehwag 's quickfire 67 off 83 balls . Sehwag passed 8,000 runs in Tests as he registered his 31st half-century . Australia lose late wickets against India Tendulkar continued the brisk pace , as he hit eight fours and a six from 98 deliveries faced , reaching his 64th Test half-century before being bowled by Peter Siddle . Dravid was unbeaten on a patient 65 off 185 balls , with the 38-year-old notching his 63rd Test fifty , while Ishant Sharma successfully negotiated the final three balls of the day to leave India 119 runs behind Australia with seven wickets remaining . Dravid is the second-highest Test run scorer of all time behind Tendulkar on 13,162 , having extended his margin over Australia 's Ricky Ponting  12,718  . India , seeking a first series victory in Australia in 64 years in the four-match competition , lost an early wicket when Gautam Gambhir was caught by wicketkeeper Brad Haddin off the bowling of Ben Hilfenhaus for just three runs with the score at 22 . Australia had resumed on 277-6 , with Haddin on 21 and Siddle unbeaten on 34 . Both fell to Zaheer Khan with the addition of only 14 runs as Haddin was caught by Sehwag for 27 and Siddle by wicketkeeper captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni for 41 . Left-arm fast bowler Khan ended with figures of 4-77 off 31 overs , while off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin took the last two wickets to fall to finish with 3-81 . Ashwin said the Indians were not concerned by Tendulkar 's failure to reach the coveted landmark . "  It 's going to eventually happen , no point in bothering about it . We 're very happy to be in the position we are presently , " the 25-year-old told reporters . In other Test action Tuesday , left-arm paceman Chanaka Welegedera took five wickets for 52 runs as Sri Lanka bowled out South Africa for just 168 at Kingsmead in Durban . It left the tourists with a commanding first innings lead of 170 in the second Test , having lost the first by an innings and 81 runs . Sri Lanka lost captain Tillekeratne Dilshan , dismissed by Dale Steyn , to be seven for one when bad light drew proceedings on the second day to an early close . Welegedera had all his victims caught behind or in the slips and was superbly backed up by left-arm spinner Rangana Herath , who four for 49 . Earlier , Sri Lanka were bowled out for 338 with Thilan Samaraweera the last man out for 102 . Marchant de Lange took seven wickets for 81 on his debut for South Africa , the best figures recorded by any bowler in Test cricket in 2011 .	Sachin Tendulkar dismissed for 73 in final over of second day in Melbourne Test India reach 214-3 in reply to Australia 's first-innings total of 333 in opening match Record run scorer Tendulkar has been stuck on 99 international centuries since March Chanaka Welegedera takes 5-52 as Sri Lanka skittle South Africa
Washington  CNN  -- Which one of these does n't fit ? More jobs , a record stock market , wars ending and dismal poll numbers . All apply to Barack Obama 's presidency as it passes the 2,000-day mark , raising questions about the viability of what used to be known as conventional political wisdom . A strengthening economy and robust stock market traditionally mean general public satisfaction with government . Bringing soldiers home from war zones has always boosted presidential popularity . Not this time with this President . A CNN compilation of recent national polls indicates only 41 % of Americans approve of Obama 's handling of the job , down 6 percentage points from a year ago and matching the low of the past 12 months . Why the disconnect ? A convergence of factors -- uneven economic growth , government crises both real and exaggerated , foreign policy problems , hyper-partisan Washington politics now on election-year steroids -- helps explain it . Obama to Republicans : ` So sue me ' Here 's a closer look at some of the issues involved : 1  Jobs , but not for everyone Another strong jobs report Thursday added to growing evidence that U.S. economy has hit its full stride after the recession Obama inherited when he took office in January 2009 . A White House statement noted the 288,000 jobs created in June contributed to the strongest start to a year since 1999 and the best six-month period overall since 2006 . The unemployment rate dropped to 6.1 % , well below the almost 10 % level in the immediate aftermath of the recession as well as the more than 7 % level when Obama 's presidency began . In addition , the job growth last month spread across the economy instead of coming mostly from low-paying sectors such as food and drink , as occurred previously , said CNN Chief Business Correspondent Christine Romans . However , Romans noted that a low labor force participation rate showed many people "  have simply just left the labor market . " Those out of the labor market for more than a year still have trouble finding jobs , so little has changed for them , she said , adding : "  It 's not all unicorns and rainbows . " Obama himself alluded to the sweet-and-sour economic situation on Thursday , touting the positive report but adding that "  there are still folks out there who are struggling . " "  My hope is that the American people look at today 's news and understand that , in fact , we are making strides , " he said . 2  Who benefits from a strong stock market ? The jobs report that exceeded expectations of analysts sent the stock market to record heights , with the Dow crossing 17,000 for the first time . However , happiness on Wall Street does n't translate directly to satisfaction on Main Street , noted CNN Business Correspondent Alison Kosik . "  Only about half of Americans invest in stocks , " so the gains do n't matter to a lot of people , Kosik said , adding that the stock market "  is n't the economy . " In fact , the soaring exchanges sow resentment among non-investors who blame Wall Street greed for the near collapse of 2008 that contributed to the recession . As a Democrat , Obama stands to benefit less from a healthy stock market than a Republican president from the party more traditionally tied to the banking-investment sector . 3  Wars ending , sort of Obama campaigned twice on ending the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan wars started by his predecessor , and he is on track to fulfill that promise . He withdrew U.S. forces from Iraq in 2011 , and almost all American forces will be out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016 -- and his presidency -- under his plan . However , myriad issues cloud the return home of the troops . The lightning advance by Sunni militants through northern Iraq threatens renewed civil war and partition , raising fears of a jihadist-controlled safe haven for terrorists threatening U.S. interests . That is the exact scenario the wars were supposed to end , and critics have accused Obama of allowing gains made in Iraq to get erased after pulling out U.S. forces . The Obama administration blames Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki for his country 's collapse , saying the Shiite leader rejected an agreement to keep U.S. forces in the country and marginalized Sunni and Kurd populations in Iraq . Now Obama is sending U.S. forces back to Iraq , by the hundreds so far , to bolster security and advise Iraqi forces . The label of military advisers evokes memories of how the Vietnam War started . Another problem involves chronic and sometimes deadly delays faced by returning war veterans seeking health care from the Veterans Affairs Department . The crisis reported by CNN since November already has brought the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki , various investigations and a White House report that essentially said the entire department needed an overhaul . 4  Governing woes The VA crisis follows other problems in the Obama administration , such as the dysfunctional website for his signature health care reforms , IRS political targeting of groups seeking tax-exempt status and the 2012 terrorist attack that killed four Americans in Benghazi , Libya . As expected , congressional Republicans have mounted a series of investigations , some necessary and others intended to wring as much political capital out of the controversies as possible heading up to the November elections and beyond . They also adopted obstructionist tactics after getting overrun by Democratic majorities in Obama 's first term on transformative legislation such as the Affordable Care Act and Wall Street reforms . The result : a gridlocked Congress of political one-upmanship , and a President who appears to have thrown up his hands in disgust by promising to act on his own as much as he can . "  We can make even more progress if Congress is willing to work with my administration and to set politics aside , at least occasionally , " Obama said of Thursday 's job report . No polling fireworks for Obama or Congress this July 4th Republicans responded in kind , with House Speaker John Boehner saying that "  in order for us to make real progress , the President must do more than criticize . " "  There 's no shortage of common ground where he can push his party 's leaders in the Senate to work with us , " Boehner said in a swipe at legislative intransigence by Senate Democrats . "  Until he provides that leadership , he is simply part of the problem . " If any solace for Obama , polls show the public dislikes Congress more than him , with the CNN compilation of recent surveys showing 14 % approval for the legislators . By seeking to blame Republicans and declaring his intent to govern by regulation instead of legislation , Obama turns off voters who want to see the President engaged and trying , said Wendy Schiller , a political scientist at Brown University . "  He sort of looks like a kid on the playground who 's hiding , saying , ` Forget it , I 'm not playing with you guys anymore , ' " Schiller told CNN , adding that "  even though it can be explained , the concept of a president giving up does n't sit well with people . " Obama is the same guy who won re-election in 2012 , she said , but now he comes off as powerless "  when the truth is the executive branch structure is enormously powerful . " "  The less Congress does , the more power the executive gets , " Schiller observed . 5  "  Nattering nabobs of negativism " Speechwriter William Safire came up with that phrase for former Vice President Spiro Agnew to complain about a liberal-leaning mainstream media during the Nixon administration . Now Obama faces the resulting backlash -- a vitriolic right-wing media machine that feeds and enhances Republican attack politics . From talk radio icon Rush Limbaugh to Fox News to the rest of an industry spawned in the past two-plus decades , the conservative messaging reflects the deep ideological divide in the country . Obama has provided fodder to his detractors , getting cited for "  Lie of the Year " in 2013 by PolitiFact.com for his oft-repeated , erroneous declaration that his health care reforms meant "  if you like your health care plan , you can keep it . " Schiller credited the political right with "  persuading people who do benefit from the federal government that they do n't " as part of the conservative effort to shrink the government 's size and cost . "  Democrats have failed miserably to counter that , " she said . Now , 45 % of the public automatically opposes Obama , America 's first African-American president , "  no matter what , " she said , "  whether racism or ideology or both . " Who is the worst president since WWII ? Opinion : GOP left Obama no choice but to act on immigration Opinion : Lies , damned lies , statistics and polls CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Issues that usually benefit a president not helping Obama Much of the negativity reflects the nation 's partisan divide Right-wing media feeds and enhances GOP attacks Analyst : True or not , the President is perceived to be giving up
CNN  -- When Marita Cheng was told to clean her room as a child , she imagined an army of robots doing the dirty work for her . "  I looked around and I did n't see any robots helping me with the household chores , " the 24-year-old engineering whiz said . "  And I thought : ' I want to be part of making robots a reality . ' " Speaking to Cheng , one of Australia 's brightest young scientists , you get the feeling there 's not much she could n't solve with a bit of brain power . Her latest project ? Creating a bionic arm that could revolutionize the lives of quadriplegics around the world . Young gun Watching Cheng speaking to a packed Sydney Opera House crowd at one of her TEDx talks , it 's hard not to get swept up in her effervescent and eloquent "  can-do " view of the world . "  Why are we as a country doing such a bad job at inspiring the next generation of engineers ? " she asks , microphone headpiece strapped on , before clicking to her next slide show on a giant screen behind . Has she always been this confident ? "  I do n't know , I guess I get scared all the time really , " she says , speaking by phone above the din of Melbourne trams trundling past . Robogals In 2012 , Cheng was named "  Young Australian of the Year , " a hugely prestigious award that saw her join the ranks of other remarkable youngsters Jessica Watson , the youngest person to single-handedly sail around the world , and swimmer Ian Thorpe , the country 's most successful Olympian . Cheng quickly learned to become comfortable on stage , in the following year giving 150 lectures on her work that combined science and , rather unusually , feminism . While an engineering student at Melbourne University -- one of just five women in a class of over 50 men -- Cheng founded Robogals , a group of students encouraging girls to get involved in science and technology . Just 11 % of engineers in Australia are women -- it 's a similar story the U.S.  14 %  and Britain  9 %  -- and Cheng felt compelled to show a new generation of girls that science could be fulfilling and even , wait for it , cool . "  There 's this perception that engineering is for men , and girls do n't do that , " she said . "  When I go to expos for Robogals , I get young girls come up to me and say : ` Oh my brother might be interested in this . ' But I 'm like : ` No , this is something you can do , it 's really fun . ' They do n't even realize it 's a possibility before you tell them that it is . " Within four years , the organization had expanded to Britain , the U.S. , and Japan , teaching over 8,000 girls robotics through school workshops , career talks , and community events . Out on a limb When Cheng recently graduated with a degree in Mechatronics and Computer Science , she had the choice of hundreds of job offers . Instead , she decided to strike out on her own , founding 2Mar Robotics -- a company "  focused on building beautiful robots that help us in our everyday lives . " The team is now working on a bionic arm -- called "  Jeva " -- which would help quadriplegics . Mounted on a wheelchair , the high-tech limb would be voice-operated and able to remember and repeat common tasks . "  I was still finishing my studies off and I thought : ` What do I want to do ? What 's a cool , fun thing to do ? What will make me feel fulfilled ? What will give me purpose in my life ? ' " said Cheng . The lucky country Growing up in a social housing estate in tropical north Queensland , the determined young woman says her mom , a single-parent and hotel cleaner , was a huge influence in her life . "  She always just did what she had to do , and that 's what I saw as a kid . " Does she think Australians are too laid back when it comes to technology ? "  I think we could have more of a vision for the future , " she says . "  Otherwise , if you 're just focused on the past , then there 'll be other countries that are more hungry , more innovative , and doing their best to work towards a better future . " "  One day we 'll wake up and say : ` OK , what happened to all the great stuff that we enjoy ? ' "	Meet Marita Cheng : the talented technician bringing robots to your home 24-year-old named "  Young Australian of the Year " for science work Founded "  Robogals , " global group encouraging girls to study technology Now working on bionic voice-controlled arm for quadriplegics
CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Jose Mourinho has been accused of "  physical and verbal aggression " towards a journalist after Sunday 's 1-1 Serie A draw at Atalanta . The Italian Sport Union of Journalists  USSI  condemned Mourinho 's alleged actions against Corriere dello Sport 's Andrea Ramazzotti . A statement from the USSI urged Inter president Massimo Moratti , and the country 's governing sporting bodies to investigate . It read : "  The physical and verbal aggression of Inter coach Jose Mourinho towards our colleague Andrea Ramazzotti marks one of the lowest and alarming moments in the relations between football and sporting press . "  Mourinho was already cited , prior to the Champions League game with Rubin Kazan , for his uneducated and disrespectful tone that he used towards certain colleagues . "  This aggression marks an irresponsible and unacceptable escalation . USSI expresses not only its indignation , but a strong concern for gestures and the unspeakable behavior that only increases tensions and controversies . "  It asks president Moratti to intervene energetically so that a member of his club  Mourinho  adapts to the great tradition of civility of the club and of the Moratti family . "  It asks as well of the FIGC  Italian Football Federation  that the sporting justice panel intervenes to examine the behavior of Mourinho for eventual sanctions . " Mourinho watched Sunday 's game from the stands as he served a one-match touchline ban . Reports in Italy have claimed a heated argument took place between Mourinho and Ramazzotti outside the team bus . Mourinho has not commented on the incident but Moratti told the club 's official Web site : "  For the moment I do n't want to comment as I still do n't have all the facts , but I 'm sorry . "  I will talk to the head of the union to find out what he means by energetic action . "	Inter coach Jose Mourinho accused of "  physical and verbal aggression " towards a journalist The alleged confrontation happened following the 1-1 Serie A draw at Atalanta on Sunday The Italian Sport Union of Journalists  USSI  have condemned Mourinho 's alleged actions
New York  CNN  -- Lawyers for ex-International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn asked a judge to dismiss a lawsuit by his accuser in a now-dismissed sexual assault case Monday , arguing his job gave him immunity from civil cases . As head of the IMF , Strauss-Kahn had the same protections as diplomats , his attorneys wrote in court papers . U.S. courts recognize those protections as "  customary international law " even though the United States has not signed the U.N. convention that specifically includes IMF officials , they wrote . Though Strauss-Kahn resigned as IMF managing director after his arrest in May , his immunity continued while he was under house arrest in New York , they told a New York state judge in the Bronx , where the lawsuit was filed . Manhattan prosecutors dropped sexual assault charges against him in August amid questions about the credibility of his accuser , Nafissatou Diallo , who sued Strauss-Kahn as prosecutors prepared to dismiss the case . Prosecutors later disclosed that Diallo had made false statements "  in matters great and small , " undercutting their case against the 62-year-old banker . Diallo , a Guinean immigrant who worked as a maid at the Sofitel Hotel , accused Strauss-Kahn of sexually assaulting her in his hotel room and of smearing her reputation as he fought the charges against him . Strauss-Kahn was considered a possible contender for the French presidency before his arrest . In a television interview following his return to Paris , he confessed to a "  moral weakness " and an "  inappropriate relationship " with Diallo , but denied any violence or aggression . In their filing Monday , his attorneys also asked a judge to bar other allegations of improper sexual acts if the lawsuit is allowed to stand . French journalist Tristane Banon has filed a complaint against Strauss-Kahn in France , alleging he attempted to sexually assault her in 2003 ; he has filed a counter-suit alleging slander .	Ex-IMF chief says he had immunity similar to diplomats His lawyers have asked a New York judge to dismiss his accuser 's lawsuit Criminal charges against Strauss-Kahn were dropped in August
Six world powers and Iran have reached a deal on the framework for comprehensive negotiations over Tehran 's nuclear program , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said Thursday . "  We have identified all of the issues we need to address in reaching a comprehensive and final agreement , " Ashton said , speaking alongside Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif , in Vienna , Austria . "  There is a lot to do . It wo n't be easy , but we 've made a good start " following "  three very productive days " of talks , Ashton added . In addition to political discussions , the two sides have started technical work , Ashton said , and have set a timetable for meetings over the next four months , with a framework for further deliberations . Technical experts will meet in early March , she said , and the next round of talks between the so-called P5 +1 -- the United States , China , Russia , Britain , France and Germany -- and Iran will start March 17 . Zarif then delivered the same statement in Persian . The latest talks began Tuesday . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said Wednesday the meetings had been "  constructive and useful . " Interim deal The latest talks come after an interim deal was forged in November , under which Iran agreed to roll back parts of its nuclear program in return for relief from some sanctions . That agreement came into effect in January . The challenge now is to reach a permanent deal acceptable to all sides . The United States and its allies believe Iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon , while Tehran has said its atomic efforts are peaceful . Wendy Sherman , a senior State Department official and lead negotiator for the United States on the interim deal , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer from Vienna this week that any final agreement will be contingent on Iran taking "  concrete " verifiable steps that prevent it from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon . Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi insisted Tuesday that the "  halting of Iran 's  nuclear  program and dismantling Iran 's nuclear facilities are not on the agenda , " the semi-official Mehr news agency reported . Harf said specific issues such as dismantlement would be on the table in later discussions . "  We know both sides come to the negotiating table with certain positions in mind , clearly , but we do think that we have made some progress over these last few days and , hopefully , can continue to build on that going forward , " she told reporters in Washington .	"  We have identified all of the issues we need to address " for final deal , says Ashton The next round of talks will begin on March 17 , EU foreign policy chief says U.S. State Department spokeswoman says talks have been "  constructive and useful " Western powers suspect Iran wants to develop a nuclear weapon , a claim it denies
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal had to battle hard to reach the third round of the French Open after a stiff test against fellow Spaniard Pablo Andujar . After being taken to five sets by American John Isner in the opening round , Nadal was made to work hard for a three-hour 7-5 6-3 7-6  7-4  victory at Roland Garros . The 24-year-old , who is looking for his sixth French Open title , will now play Antonio Veic in the next round after the Croatian defeated Russian 28th seed Nikolay Davydenko 3-6 6-2 7-5 3-6 6-1 . After his match , AFP reported that Nadal refused to blame the conditions : "  For a moment today I played better , but in general the match was n't good for me -- not because of the wind though , " Nadal said . "  I am practicing well , but not playing well when I play matches -- no excuses . The conditions can have an effect , but it 's better to find solutions inside myself than outside . "  My movement is still a little bit slow . I am not happy , but I am here . The beginning of Roland Garros is always tough for me . " Just like in his opening match , Nadal was sluggish in patches and world number 48 Andujar took advantage to push his opponent to the wire in the first and third sets . The pair exchanged four consecutive breaks of serve in the opening set but when Nadal clinched the second 6-3 with relative ease , a comfortable win looked on the cards . But Andujar raced into a 5-1 lead in the final set after breaking serve twice , Nadal surviving an incredible seven set points to force the match into a tie-break , which he eventually won 7-4 . Elsewhere , British fourth seed Andy Murray beat Simone Bolelli 7-6  7-3  6-4 7-5 in blustery , overcast conditions on Court Philippe Chatrier . A series of double faults cost Murray ground in the opening set but he battled back into contention to force two set points before taking the tie-break 7-3 . Murray 's game came together in the second set as he broke his opponent 's serve in game seven and took the set but the third was another evenly matched affair . The world number four said the "  brutal " conditions made life difficult on court . "  The wind was swirling the whole time , " Murray told reporters . "  It was changing during the rallies so you 'd think on one shot ` I 've got the wind with me ' and it was changing , so there 's no real rhythm -- it was really tricky today . " Fifth seed Robin Soderling , from Sweden , beat Spanish qualifier Albert Ramos 6-3 6-4 6-4 while Spaniard Fernando Verdasco beat Belgium 's Xavier Malisse 6-4 3-6 7-6  7-5  6-1 . American Mardy Fish eased past Robin Haase , while Colombian Alejandro Falla knocked out German 20th seed Florian Mayer . Sam Querrey , the 24th seed , was defeated by Ivan Ljubicic and Serbian 15th seed Viktor Troicki saw off Tobias Kamke .	Rafael Nadal beats Pablo Andujar in the second round of the French Open The world number one wins 7-5 6-3 7-6  7-4  in three hours in Paris Andy Murray defeats Simone Bolelli to reach the third round Number five seed Robin Soderling defeats Albert Ramos
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Editor 's note : Watch MainSail on CNN International at the following times : Thursday 16th April at 1230 GMT ; Saturday 18th April at 0700 and 1730 GMT ; Sunday 19th April at 0300 and 0730 GMT ; Monday 20th April at 0300 GMT . CNN 's MainSail anchor Shirley Robertson has won two Olympic gold medals in an extremely successful sailing career , but , she has never climbed to the top of a huge mast . Tall task : MainSail host Shirley Robertson takes on the world 's biggest aluminium mast Until now , that is . On this month 's MainSail programme , Shirley reaches the top of the tallest aluminium mast in the world - aboard the 56 meter Perini Navi vessel , Salute . The mast reaches a remarkable 250 feet  76 meters  into the air , and even with a small swell and light breeze , the top of the mast can swing through as much as ten meters -- five meters each side -- of its center point . Going up the mast is a dangerous job , but it is also a common necessity on any large yacht -- whether it be to check the rigging or complete a repair . Shirley has to wear all of the appropriate safety equipment for the climb -- which she has to do alone . Fortunately for Shirley , she does n't have a big fear of heights and she receives some expert instruction , too . Watch Shirley climb the mast " You can also watch the full MainSail show and catch up with the latest news and features on the MainSail homepage .	CNN 's MainSail host Shirley Robertson is a double Olympic gold medalist Robertson has never climbed a big mast before this She takes on the 250 foot mast aboard the 56-meter yacht Salute
CNN  -- The fighting among Shiite militias and government troops in Basra is a glimpse of Iraq 's future , and pivotal cleric Muqtada al-Sadr is in deep trouble , according to two CNN correspondents and a CNN military analyst . Mehdi Army fighters wear masks during clashes in the southern Iraqi city of Basra on Wednesday . The fiery religious leader has a loyal following in Baghdad 's Sadr City neighborhood and other enclaves thanks to generous social programs , but his political movement , his Mehdi Army militia and the cease-fire al-Sadr recently extended are no match for Iranian intrigue , according to CNN 's experts . "  Al-Sadr is involved in a very complicated relationship with the Iranians , " said CNN Baghdad correspondent Michael Ware . "  The Iranians do provide funding and support for his militia , yet at the same time they 're trying to rein him in and get him to adopt a certain political agenda , which from time to time he resists . " Ware said Iran wants to use al-Sadr 's populist base to advance its agenda in Iraq . "  However , they do n't want to see him get too big for his boots or to rise to a position where they can no longer have sway over him . " Iran has weakened al-Sadr by encouraging dissension within his Mehdi Army and backing hardliners -- known as the Special Groups -- who break away and keep up the fight against the U.S. occupation , Ware said . "  Iran 's very good at putting pressure on you , forcing you to split , and anything that squeezes out the side , Iran picks up and turns into hardline factions , " Ware said . "  That 's exactly what 's happened to Muqtada . He 's had purge after purge after purge of belligerent commanders , and they 've all been swept up by Iran . "  And now the most lethal attacks on U.S. forces , the most coordinated attacks on U.S. forces , the most daring attacks on U.S. forces in the country are committed by Iranian-backed breakaway elements of Muqtada 's militia faction . " Learn more about the Mehdi Army and other key players in Basra " The violence in Basra -- which has spread to Shiite areas throughout the country , including Baghdad -- is a kind of fighting Americans are unaccustomed to seeing , said retired Air Force Maj. Gen. Donald Sheppard , CNN 's senior military analyst . Watch the violence multiply " "  This is intra-Shia . This is not Sunni vs. Shia , this is not civil war , this is not sectarian violence , it 's intra-Shia politics for control of the government , " he said . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki is trying to hold together his political alliance -- an alliance that includes the political wings of the militias he 's fighting , Sheppard said . "  If this alliance breaks apart because of the fighting , you 've got chaos within the Parliament , " Sheppard said . Watch Sheppard assess the military situation " So far , al-Sadr has resisted the temptation to end the Mehdi Army cease-fire , which , combined with the simultaneous increase in U.S. forces last year , had brought a sharp reduction in violence . If the truce ends , "  the success of the surge is going to be hugely in doubt , " said CNN International correspondent Michael Holmes . "  I 've always said , yes the surge has reduced violence in Baghdad , but you have to put it in context : Why has it reduced the violence , and what else has happened ? "  It 's a lot like squeezing a balloon , as a general told me : You squeeze it in Baghdad , it pops out elsewhere . Where you 've seen a lot of the militiamen go , a lot of the insurgents go , is to the south and mainly to the north , which is why you 're seeing a lot of action up in Mosul . " And the Mehdi Army and Badr Brigades -- the principal combatants in the Basra region -- are hardly the only militias at arms in Iraq . Indeed there are dozens , each with its own political , social , religious and military agenda , Ware noted . Watch Ware look ahead to a post-American Iraq " "  What worries me the most is all of the good work that we 've done with the surge , spreading higher levels of security throughout Iraq , the people slowly gaining confidence in their own security forces -- that could all break down , " Sheppard said . "  It could all break down because of Basra , it could break down because al-Sadr basically ends the truce and fighting starts all over the country in the Shia areas . "  This is very , very serious and it could all go wrong for the United States as we try to extricate ourselves . It could go wrong in many , many ways and cause everything to come apart there . " But Holmes suggested there 's a chance al-Maliki and Iraq will survive this crisis . "  This could be a good test of Nuri al-Maliki and the security forces . They 're going to have to stand up at some point ; maybe this is a time to see how they do . " Ware doubts the security forces can prevent a meltdown . "  This is a window into the future of Iraq after the American withdrawal , " Ware said . "  What many people suggest is that we 're looking at a situation that will be akin to Lebanon in the 1980s , with vicious , well-armed militia proxy wars where all the factions are supported by one foreign sponsor or another . "  But this will be Lebanon on steroids . " E-mail to a friend	CNN analysts assess what Basra fighting says about Iraq 's future Michael Ware : Iran fosters clashes among rival Shiite factions Michael Holmes : Crisis is opportunity for central government to stand up Sheppard : Breakdown could lead to political chaos , loss of gains from surge
CNN  -- We do n't know much about the shooting at Los Angeles International Airport just yet , but it has clearly jangled our collective nerves , dredging up the fear and shock and pain of 9/11 -- the wellspring of our modern airport security process -- reminding us that more than a decade later , flying is still a fraught experience . For those of us who were working for United or American , that day in 2001 changed everything . When we finally got back onboard , our workplace now included air marshals , armed pilots , martial arts lessons , tasers , fortified cockpit doors , and a new focus on vigilance , not warmth and customer service . "  Welcome aboard " was less a greeting and more an opportunity to size you up . So , reports of today 's airport shooting raise new fears about weaknesses in this system . Is it possible that the gunman who shot and killed one TSA officer and injured two of his colleagues may have made it through LAX security with a high-powered rifle ?  As of this writing , that is not yet clear . And is it time to start arming Transportation Security Administration officials ? No way . I can understand the urge to react , to grasp at anything that might protect travelers . I too want air travel to be safe ; hell , my husband is a pilot . But arming screeners at checkpoints well away from the airfield would n't be just another of the many precautions the airlines have taken to avert large-scale terrorism . It would simply be about protecting people from something that is everywhere in America : gun violence -- yes , at airports , and also at schools , at movie theaters , and malls . If you 're the kind of person who thinks that every teacher and hall monitor and mall cop and cinema usher should be armed , then you 'll probably feel safer if we give guns to TSA officers . And maybe flight attendants and customer service reps and baggage handlers . And probably bus drivers and ballpark ticket takers , and hospital staff . LAX shooting delays flights nationwide September 11 , 2001 , still hurts , but most of our public killings have been at the hands of angry or disturbed co-workers , students , neighbors , family members -- not terrorists . Do you really want to start handing out guns to the people you work with ? Probably not if you work for an airline where people are often underpaid , overworked , sometimes inhumanely exhausted and locked , perennially , in famously contentious relationships with management . Even before 9/11 , it made me nervous that as airline workers , we skipped security entirely , simply hopping off the employee bus and entering a back door , bags and bodies unscreened . I feared that the next air disaster would be caused by a colleague with a bone to pick . Of course , I was wrong , and thankfully employees ' bags are now screened , but giving guns to airline and airport workers is still a disquieting idea . I was never a fan of armed pilots , even in the nightmarish days after 9/11 . Another flight attendant might have felt reassured but , when I once walked into the cockpit of a 757 to find a pilot with a gun resting on his lap , I was most decidedly rattled . I had n't met the guy before and had no reason to distrust him , but even the thought of an accident was enough to make me question my safety  turbulence anyone ?  . And a couple of chilling mishaps -- an inadvertent discharge in the cockpit of a US Airways plane and an incident where a JetBlue pilot lost his gun in an airport -- demonstrate the potential dangers of even a best-case-scenario arming of the nation 's nearly 50,000 TSA agents . Chaos , terror unfold inside LAX Terminal 3 Unquestionably , terrorism is a real concern for airlines , but like it or not , as Americans , we have also have to worry just as much about angry neighbors with guns . To fight our justified fear , some will undoubtedly push for more guns and others for fewer . One thing is for certain -- we will continually be forced to debate this . I only hope that we can find some common ground before the next reminder . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tiffany Hawk .	Tiffany Hawk : 9/11 left a legacy of security measures by airlines and airports Friday 's shooting at LAX raises new security concerns , she says Hawk : Violence in schools , malls and cinemas is more prevalent than terrorism Arming airline workers -- often underpaid and over-stressed -- is a bad idea , she says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. State Department threw aside diplomatic language Tuesday , attacking Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for creating what it calls a "  catastrophe " by throwing many international aid workers out of the country . President Omar al-Bashir ordered the expulsion of aid groups after he was indicted on war crimes charges . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a direct challenge to Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir Tuesday , warning that he and his government "  will be held responsible for every single death that occurs in " the refugee camps of the Darfur region . Al-Bashir ordered the expulsion of 13 international aid groups from the Sudan earlier this month after he was indicted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes . While other aid groups remain in Sudan , the United Nations said the 13 expelled groups provided roughly half the assistance delivered in Darfur . Nearly 300,000 people have died in the Darfur conflict , and millions are homeless , according to the U.N. Calling the situation in Darfur "  horrendous , " Clinton said President Obama 's administration will appoint a special envoy for Sudan "  in the coming days . " On Wednesday , retired Air Force Gen. J. Scott Gration was appointed as U.S. special envoy for Sudan , the White House announced in a written statement . "  Sudan is a priority for this administration , particularly at a time when it cries out for peace and for justice . The worsening humanitarian crisis there makes our task all the more urgent , " President Barack Obama said in the statement . "  General Gration 's personal and professional background , and his service to the country as both a military leader and a humanitarian , give him the insights and experience necessary for this assignment . " Gration , a former fighter pilot , served as assistant deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for international affairs . Fluent in Swahili , he was raised partly in Africa , where his parents were missionary teachers Clinton said the real question now is what kind of pressure can be brought to bear on al-Bashir and the government in Khartoum to make them understand "  that they will be held responsible for every single death that occurs in those camps . " State Department spokesman Robert Wood told reporters , "  It 's just a catastrophe that Bashir has created . We 're going to continue to make this case and we 're imploring others to make this case that he needs to reverse that decision he took . Thousands , hundreds of thousands of people , could possibly be at risk and it 's irresponsible , the action he took , and he needs to reverse it and reverse it immediately . People 's lives are at risk . " Clinton said countries that support al-Bashir 's expulsion order "  have the responsibility to persuade the government in Sudan to change its decision to let the aid workers back , or they must replace with money and personnel those who have been expelled so that innocent lives are not lost and further undermined . " Clinton said the United States is "  very concerned " and is looking for more effective ways to convince the Sudanese government that "  they have assumed an even greater sense of responsibility and infamy in the eyes of the world by turning their backs on these refugees whom they created in the first place . " Wood said it is clear that Bashir is the sole person at fault . "  Bashir is to blame for this crisis on the ground , " he said . His actions have only made things a lot worse . We are trying to get him to reverse this decision . We want to call on all those who have influence with the government of Sudan , institutions like the African Union , the Arab League , to do what they can to get Bashir to reverse his decision . " Obama , during his election campaign , made the crisis in Darfur a major focus . Since then , some have criticized him for putting it on the back burner . Seeking to rebut that view , Wood listed all recent steps the administration has taken to resolve the situation . Last week , he said , Obama discussed the deteriorating situation in Sudan with U.N. Secretary General Ban ki-Moon . U.S. officials have been meeting in New York , Washington and Khartoum with delegations from what Wood called "  like-minded nations . " Last weekend , the U.S. charge d'affaires in Sudan met with UNAMID  the African Union/United Nations operation in Darfur  and visited a camp for internally displaced people . And last week in New York , U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice spoke with the president of South Sudan and the Sudanese ambassador to the U.N. Wood said the U.S. has been reaching out to the Arab League , the African Union and other countries with influence on Sudan , trying to convince them the decision to expel some aid groups "  not only costs lives but serves to further isolate the country . " Asked whether the U.S. supports a move to defer the ICC indictment of Bashir , Wood said it does not support "  any deferral . "	State Department says Sudan president throwing out aid agencies is "  catastrophe " Hillary Clinton warns Sudan president will be "  responsible for every single death " Omar al-Bashir wanted aid groups out after indictment on war crime charges Spokesman : Bashir must reverse decision because "  people 's lives are at risk "
CNN  -- The promoter for Filipino world champion boxer Manny Pacquaio , Bob Arum , has confirmed the "  super fight " with American Floyd Mayweather Jr. will not happen after mediation talks between the two parties failed . "  The fight is off , Floyd Mayweather walked away , " Arum told the USA Today newspaper in a telephone interview on Wednesday . Pacquiao and Mayweather had asked retired federal judge Daniel Weinstein to help the two parties resolve a dispute , which had threatened to derail what was expected to be the most lucrative bout in the history of the sport . However , after two days of further negotiation , Arum said no agreement could be made with Mayweather , with the result that both fighters would now miss out on a potential purse of $ 40 million each . "  It 's not surprising . I always felt that he was n't going to do the fight . He knows Manny will beat him . Mayweather 's never stepped into the ring with a guy he had any question but that he was going to beat . Our guy was agreeable , Mayweather was n't , " the Top Rank promoter said . "  That 's why there 's never been a  Shane  Mosley , there 's never been a  Antonio  Margarito , there never was a  Miguel  Cotto , and there 's no Pacquiao . "  Floyd Mayweather is a coward . He will never fight anyone that will remotely give him a tough fight . "  It would 've made millions and millions , and he walked away from it ... I 'm not disappointed in the sense that I always knew it was going to be this way . " The welterweight title bout was thrown into doubt when Mayweather demanded that random drugs testing should be employed before the fight , a request that prompted Pacquiao to take legal action for defamation . Arum said Pacquiao will turn his attention to fighting undefeated Israeli WBA super welterweight champion Yuri Foreman on March 13 or March 20 . Filipino pugilist Pacquiao had been infuriated by the insistence of Mayweather and his team at Golden Boy Promotions that both fighters submit to Olympic-style blood testing in the buildup to their pay-per-view extravaganza . Pacquiao filed a lawsuit in a federal court in Las Vegas last week for defamation against Mayweather and others for allegedly claiming he had used performance-enhancing drugs . The bout at welterweight appeared to be virtually set after other issues around the cut of the purse for each fighter were settled , but then the drug-testing row erupted over the Christmas period . Pacquiao became a five-weight world champion after his WBO welterweight title win over Miguel Cotto in November , while the unbeaten Mayweather returned from a 21-month retirement to beat Mexican Juan Manuel Marquez in September .	Top Rank promoter Bob Arum , confirms the "  super fight " with American Floyd Mayweather Jr. is off The two camps failed to resolve a bitter dispute over the issue of drug-testing before their match-up Retired judge Daniel Weinstein failed to secure agreement for what could have been the most lucrative fight in history Pacquiao will now fight undefeated Israeli WBA super welterweight champion Yuri Foreman
CNN  -- The chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee is accusing Republicans of being "  Paleozoic " on same-sex marriage . "  The Republicans continue to cling to this really Paleozoic commitment  to oppose same-sex marriage  ... even going so far as saying we should ... explore amending the Constitution to prohibit people from being able to marry who they love , " Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz said Tuesday on MSNBC 's "  The Daily Rundown . " While a wave of Senate Democrats and President Barack Obama did n't start endorsing same-sex marriage until the past two years , Wasserman Schultz blasted Republicans for long being "  completely out of touch with the issues that are the most important to voters right now . " Her comments came after a Supreme Court decision Monday effectively cleared the way for same-sex marriage in five states and possibly an additional six states located in the same circuit appeals courts . What 's next in the fight over same-sex marriage ? GOP 's position Republicans largely stayed quiet on the issue , though Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and some social conservative leaders expressed outrage by what they described as the courts ' judicial activism . Reince Priebus , chairman of the Republican National Committee , was on the same MSNBC program Tuesday before Wasserman Schultz . He defended the GOP 's platform defining marriage as a union between a man and a woman -- and seeks a constitutional amendment to enforce the idea . "  I 'm not running from that position . That 's our position on it , and it 's still our position today , " he said . Will same-sex marriage become a 2014 issue ? While he understands why conservatives are outraged by the courts ' action , he added , the issue is unlikely to spill over into the midterm elections next month . "  People ... are right to be concerned about what 's happened here , but it does n't mean it 's the issue every single morning that we 're dealing with in regards to these midterms , " he said .	Republicans are "  Paleozoic " on same-sex marriage , a top Democrat said Debbie Wasserman Schultz argued the GOP is "  out of touch " Many Senate Democrats did n't endorse same-sex marriage until past two years
CNN  -- FACETIME : Ghassan Hasbani , CEO International Operations , Saudi Telecom With 160 million customers worldwide , Saudi Telecom is a key player of the global telecommunication industry . With representation in 11 countries including Lebanon , Turkey , India and South Africa , the company is looking to boost that growth even further . MME sat down with CEO for International Operations , Ghassan Hasbani on STC 's growing portfolio . IN FOCUS : Diversifying away from Iranian Oil Increasing sanctions on Iran and growing doubts over the future supply of oil has led to many energy importers to look for alternative sources of energy . MME looks at the measures some of Iran 's biggest customers are taking in response to increasing pressure to cut imports from Tehran . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1645 , Fridays : 0945 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615,1645	Saudi Telecom is one of the key players in the global telecommunication industry . STC 's CEO for international operation talks to MME on the company 's growing portfolio . Plus , MME looks at how energy importers are looking for alternatives to Iranian oil .
CNN  Record-setting Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps is taking the plunge . The gold medalist is engaged to girlfriend Nicole Johnson , according to their verified social media accounts . The couple announced the news early Sunday morning on their Twitter and Instagram accounts . "  She said yes , " Phelps captioned a picture of him and Johnson cuddling in the snow .	"  She said yes , " he captions a picture of himself with girlfriend Nicole Johnson "  I am gon na be a Mrs , " Johnson posts
CNN  -- As fear about the spread of Ebola continues , U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says she 'll be following standard health protocol following her return from Africa . Power tweeted pictures of herself Friday morning being screened at the airport upon arrival in the U.S. . The tweet also says that she 'll be monitoring her health for 21 days , as per guidelines from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . She visited Ghana in an attempt to generate international support for fighting the virus . "  There is fear out there about what Ebola is and the people of Liberia have experienced this firsthand , " Power said in a speech while there . "  Fear and misunderstanding and incomplete understanding of the science impeded the early days of the response . " For those traveling overseas to areas of Africa where Ebola runs rampant , the CDC advises a self-monitoring period of 21 days and seeking medical care immediately if any of the symptoms -- like a strong fever , headache or vomiting -- are displayed . Power has said she will "  obey the law and whatever requirements are in place . "	U.S. Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power tweets a picture of airport Ebola screening She returns to the U.S. after a trip to Ebola-affected regions of Africa Only one person in the U.S. is currently being treated for the virus
CNN  -- Dozens of demonstrators demanding the revocation of a new protest law clashed with Egyptian security forces in Cairo Tuesday , igniting a firestorm of criticism online and on the streets , state media and activist reported . Police fired water cannon and tear gas canisters to disperse two small demonstrations , one against the military trials of civilians and another in honor of a man killed by police last year . "  Riot police began pulling and pushing everybody , beating us with sticks , grabbing hair , and dragging people . Immediately afterwards , tear gas was fired . I actually could n't breathe because the gas was so intense . I started running and I saw some people were being arrested , " activist Gigi Ibrahim told CNN as she described how nearly 200 riot gear clad police officers broke up a demonstration she attended that had around 100 people . Prominent youth activists refused to abandon colleagues detained by the security forces and instead voluntarily surrendered to authorities in a show of solidarity . The group included founders of the group No to Military Trials , journalists , and a human rights lawyer . "  People gathered in front of the Shura Council in central Cairo in violation of the protest law . The security apparatus immediately issued a warning to demonstrators but they did not comply and threw rocks and bricks at the police . " an Interior Ministry statement said , adding that 28 people were detained . Police later dumped more than a dozen of the female detainees along an empty highway after beating and harassing the group for several hours , several witnesses and activists reported Tuesday . "  We were thrown in the desert , our friends found us and we are all ok . F *** scaf  Supreme Council of the Armed Forces  and f *** the police , " Salma Saed , one of the activists arrested , tweeted upon her release . The crackdown on some of Egypt 's most recognizable dissident figures comes just one day after the military-backed government announced the implementation of a new protest law that requires organizers seek permission from authorities before gathering . "  If the police and the government are not getting this message , we can protest every day for the rest of our lives because there are so many people who gave their lives for the right to protest . We gained this right to protest so there is no way we can go back . It is impossible . " Ibrahim said .	Egyptian police use water cannon , tear gas to disperse two demonstrations Some youth activists surrender to show solidarity with colleagues Interior Ministry says 28 people were detained "  in violation of the protest law " Some female detainees abandoned on a highway , witnesses , activists say
CNN  -- Lionel Messi underlined his status as the best player in the world with two inspirational goals and an assist as holders Barcelona cruised into the quarterfinals of the Champions League with a 4-0 victory at home to Stuttgart on Wednesday night . While Cristiano Ronaldo , the world 's most expensive player , was unable to stop Spanish rivals Real Madrid crashing out of Europe 's premier club competition last week , Messi made sure that Barcelona suffered no such embarrassment ahead of Friday 's last-eight draw . The Spanish champions will join Inter Milan , CSKA Moscow , Lyon , Manchester United , Bayern Munich and Arsenal in the hat along with Wednesday 's fellow victors Bordeaux . The Argentina forward scored the opening goal in the 13th minute to give the Catalan giants a 2-1 lead on aggregate , then helped set up Pedro Rodriguez nine minutes later before killing off the German visitors with an opportunist third on the hour . Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola opted to start with Thierry Henry up front alongside Messi , leaving expensive pre-season signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic -- who scored the equalizer in Stuttgart last month -- on the bench . Influential midfielder Xavi was ruled out by an injury suffered in training on Tuesday . The hosts started with a fluidity sometimes missing in their European play this season , and Messi made Stuttgart pay for giving him too much space as he took the ball from near halfway and lashed in a left-foot shot from just outside the penalty area for his 30th goal of the season . Messi , who netted a hat-trick against Valencia on Sunday , then set Yaya Toure free in the penalty box with a delightful angled ball behind the Stuttgart defense , and the Ivory Coast midfielder 's low cross gave young winger Pedro a simple chance to sidefoot into the net . Messi teed up Toure 10 minutes after halftime , but his resulting shot was dragged wide of Jens Lehmann 's goal . The 22-year-old showed him how to do it five minutes later as he took a clever flick from Daniel Alves , turned his man and then placed a low shot into the left-hand corner of Lehmann 's net . Ibrahimovic came on for injured midfielder Sergio Busquets in the 65th minute , and soon after Messi was denied his hat-trick by the veteran Lehmann . The former Germany international belied his 40 years as he got down to his left to keep out Messi 's header from a towering Alves cross . Messi went close again in the 86th minute as he skipped through the Barcelona defense and dinked a chip past Lehmann , but wide of the goal . But Lehmann could do nothing to stop substitute Bojan Krkic slotting in Barcelona 's fourth goal three minutes later as the 19-year-old ran onto Ibrahimovic 's well-timed pass . French champions Bordeaux also progressed into the last eight with a 2-1 victory at home to nine-man Olympiakos , beating the Greek side 3-1 on aggregate despite also having a man sent off . Yoann Gourcuff put Bordeaux ahead in the fifth minute with a fine free-kick , and also hit the post with another set-piece . Olympiakos had striker Matt Derbyshire sent off for a second booking on the hour mark , but equalized on the night five minutes later through substitute Kostas Mitroglou . Bordeaux were also reduced to 10 men in the 69th minute when captain Alou Diara was booked for the second time after a seemingly innocuous challenge on Ieroklis Stoltidis . Striker Marouane Chamakh sealed the tie with two minutes to go when he powerfully headed in a left-wing cross from Benoit Tremoulinas at the far post , then Olympiakos saw Swedish defender Olof Mellberg dismissed for a second booking five minutes into time added on .	Lionel Messi scores twice as holders Barcelona cruised into quarterfinals of Champions League Spanish champions beat Stuttgart 4-0 in second leg of last-16 tie at the Nou Camp Pedro and substitute Bojan Krkic also net in 5-1 aggregate victory over Germans French champions Bordeaux also through after beating Olympiakos 2-1 at home
CNN  -- Liverpool climbed back to the top of the Premier League Monday -- but it was made to sweat during a pulsating 2-2 draw with Swansea City . Liverpool , who had boasted a 100 % record going into the contest after winning all three of its league games , sits one point clear of Arsenal and Tottenham following the draw in south Wales . Jonjo Shelvey , the man who left Liverpool for Swansea in July following a $ 5 million move , was in the thick of the action from the very start . Gift It took Shelvey just two minutes to fire Swansea ahead from close range before his mistake gifted Daniel Sturridge an equalizer soon after . Another poor pass from Shelvey allowed Liverpool 's on-loan winger Victor Moses to fire the Merseysiders in front nine minutes before the break . But the 21-year-old made amends in the second half , linking up with Michu , who fired home past Simon Mignolet for his first league goal of the season . Sorry Swansea might have even won it late on but Liverpool held out for a point , although Shelvey felt his side should have had more . "  I just want to say sorry to the Swansea fans for the two bad mistakes that gifted Liverpool a draw , " Shelvey told Sky Sports . "  You just want to go into a hole where nobody can see you when you give the ball away for the other team to score , but it has happened to great players over time . "  I showed a bit of character to keep getting on the ball . I still feel I have given Liverpool a draw but it was a great game to play in . " Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers , who left Swansea to take up the reins at Anfield in June 2012 , revealed his relief after a hard fought encounter . "  I thought for the first 65 minutes we were very , very good with and without the ball . We had to show character after going behind so early , "  he told Sky Sports . "  This will be a really big point for us . " Totti In Italy , Francesco Totti scored his first goal of the season as Roma claimed a third consecutive victory to maintain its perfect start to the season . Totti , playing in his 22nd season with the club , helped Roma come from a goal down to defeat Parma 3-1 and join Napoli at the top of the table on nine points . Parma had taken the lead six minute before the break when Jonathan Biabany headed home from close range . But the visiting side hit back two minutes after the restart through Alessandro Florenzi before new signing Kevin Strootman set up Totti to score . And Dutch international Strootman sealed the points from the penalty spot five minutes from time after summer signing Gervinho was sent sprawling .	Liverpool held to a 2-2 draw by Swansea at the Liberty Stadium Liverpool lead the Premier League table by a single point Roma makes it three wins out three with 3-1 victory at Parma Roma sits second in Seria A behind leader Napoli on goal difference
KIGALI , Rwanda  CNN  -- As leader of the Tutsi rebels in 1994 , Paul Kagame pleaded with the world to stop the Rwandan genocide . Paul Kagame : "  We say every Rwandan has the same opportunity to life ... as the other . " "  All along we thought that 's why they were here , " Kagame said , referring to the U.N. troops sent to monitor a peace agreement between the minority Tutsis and ruling Hutus . But the nations of the world , he said , turned a deaf ear and a blind eye . "  They did n't care . They were totally indifferent . It was just another bloody African situation where just people kill each other and that 's it . " After 100 days of fighting between the two ethnic groups , the Tutsi militia defeated Hutu government forces , ending the war and the genocide . But the Hutus ' three-month slaughter of Tutsis left more than 800,000 dead . Today , Kagame is president of Rwanda , and he insists on reconciliation between the warring groups . It was an incredible transformation for both Kagame and his country . Watch as Kagame discusses Rwanda 's past and future " In the late 1950s and early '60s , Kagame 's family and other Tutsis were under siege as Hutu gangs went from village to village , pillaging and killing . The Kagames , including 3-year-old Paul , fled to Uganda . Paul Kagame would spend the next three decades as a refugee . During that time he rose through the ranks to become a senior officer in the Ugandan army . All the while , he and other refugees longed to return home to Rwanda . In 1990 , Kagame was attending a training course at Fort Leavenworth in the U.S. state of Kansas when Tutsi rebels invaded Rwanda . After some initial success , the rebel forces were forced to retreat . Among the casualties was their leader , who had been killed on the second day of the attack . When news of the failed invasion reached Kagame , he left the United States , resigned from the Ugandan military and took command of the Tutsi rebel militia . Kagame instilled strict discipline in his growing rebel army . They would launch successful attacks that eventually brought the ruling Hutu government to sign a power-sharing agreement in 1993 known as the Arusha Accords . But the peace agreement was a façade . Hutu extremists had no intention of sharing control of the Rwandan government . And in April 1994 , they began their attempt to exterminate the Tutsi population . Kagame 's forces resumed their attacks , desperate to save their fellow Tutsis . The Hutu government had far more troops , but Kagame 's soldiers had far more discipline . In battle after battle , they were victorious , gaining control of more and more of Rwanda , ultimately declaring victory in July 1994 -- but not before more than 800,000 were dead . Kagame recently sat down with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in his presidential compound to talk about the hope of reconciliation as well as the international community 's indifference to the plight of Rwandans during the 1994 genocide . "  The common interests we have for a better future of this country -LSB- are -RSB- more important than any other interests , especially such interests as of different groups , " Kagame said . "  And we say every Rwandan has the same opportunity to life , to the sources of this country , as the other . "	Rwandan Paul Kagame spent the first three decades of his life as a refugee As head of the Tutsi rebel militia , he fought against Hutu government forces A 100-day Hutu slaughter of Tutsis left 800,000 dead before Hutus were defeated Today , Kagame is president of Rwanda and insists Hutus and Tutsis reconcile
CNN  -- Law enforcement officers in Arkansas on Wednesday night were conducting a manhunt for a pair of suspected robbers who they now believe are likely not fugitives from Arizona . Earlier Wednesday , a U.S. Marshals source said John McCluskey , who escaped from an Arizona prison late last month , and his alleged accomplice , Casslyn Welch , were possibly seen in Gentry , Arkansas , and might have been involved in the robbery of a beauty store . The descriptions of the store robbers and the fugitives "  do n't match , " the Benton County Sheriff 's Office said Wednesday night . Supervising Deputy Marshal Rich Tracy of the U.S. Marshals in Arizona said the agency was still trying to determine whether the pair are from Arizona . The suspects in the robbery of the beauty store got away on foot , the source said . Joyce Cook , the owner of Kut and Kurl , told CNN affiliate KNWA that she does n't believe the robbers were the fugitives . "  The guy kept telling me he was sorry but needed the money , " said Cook , who had seen artist renderings of how McCluskey and Welch may now appear . "  We 're leaning toward more that it is not them -LSB- the fugitives -RSB- than it is , " Benton County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Doug Gay told CNN . He said Cook 's description matches that of a man and woman seen walking on a road between Gentry and Siloam Springs , Arkansas later Wednesday . A passer-by thought it suspicious that a man was wearing a hoodie when it was 100 degrees . Regardless of their identity , Gay said , law enforcement agencies were working through the night to find the man and woman . "  It 's an aggressive pair willing to commit a violent crime in the middle of the day . " The two fugitives on the run from Arizona have changed their appearance in recent days , according to the U.S. Marshals office . McCluskey is now believed to have black hair and a black beard , while Welch has dyed her hair blond , according to a bulletin from the marshals ' office Wednesday . New photo composites are being prepared to help in the search , it said . Welch 's mother lives in Arkansas , said Thomas Henman , supervisory deputy U.S. Marshal in Arizona . The fugitives are first cousins and in a relationship . "  Both of these individuals have been extremely unpredictable , " said Henman . "  They are contacting the public as little as possible . " Earlier Wednesday , marshals said the search for the couple was focused on western Montana and southwest Canada . Officers at the Montana ports of entry , border patrol agents and their air and marine division were participating in the investigation in cooperation with other federal , state , local , tribal and Canadian authorities , said Mike Milne , spokesman for the U.S. Border Patrol division that handles Montana . The border patrol has stepped up its efforts , and authorities are scrutinizing ports of entry to identify any convicts attempting to leave the United State to enter Canada , Milne said . In addition , Interpol , the world 's largest international police organization , which facilitates cross-border police cooperation , is getting involved . At the request of the United States , Interpol has issued an international alert known as an "  orange notice " for McCluskey and Welch . An Interpol orange notice can be issued by its general secretariat for any act or event that poses a risk to public safety and security around the world , a news release from Interpol said Wednesday . "  The information included in the Interpol alert which has been sent to police around the world will significantly increase the chances that these two dangerous fugitives will be located and captured . Members of the public are urged not to approach them , but instead to immediately report any sightings to their local police , " Interpol 's executive director of police services , Jean-Michel Louboutin , said in a statement . McCluskey and Welch left the Yellowstone National Park area last week , where they initially were hiding after McCluskey and two other men escaped July 30 from an Arizona prison , according to Fidencio Rivera , chief deputy U.S. Marshal for Arizona . The other two men have since been captured . CNN 's Melanie Whitley , Phil Gast and Sara Pratley contributed to this report	NEW : Pair of robbers in Arkansas are likely not Arizona fugitives , local officials say NEW : Shop owner in Arkansas says robbers do n't fit description Arizona fugitives "  extremely unpredictable " in movements , Marshals Service says McCluskey may now have black hair , beard ; Welch may be blond
CNN  -- The end of August saw the kickoff of the Venice International Film Festival , which overlaps both Telluride and Toronto . The three kick off the annual film industry frenzy known as awards season . See ? Los Angeles does have seasons . Like many of my colleagues , I have seen only some of this year 's "  Oscar-worthy " films , so the opinions expressed here are based on a mixture of those I have seen with some early buzz and educated guesses . It 's early in the process , and things will inevitably shake out over the next few months as more films are screened , so there 's no doubt that some of the predictions will change . Not only that , but some actors are submitted to the Academy for supporting roles when the role appears to be a lead and vice versa , so some might switch categories . You 'll also notice that the headings for various sections within the categories are n't uniform , and that 's because each category has its own sets of rules with accompanying probabilities and politics . Complicating things this year are the reworked Academy rules on voting for best picture , which , while far too convoluted to repeat here , mean there will be anywhere from five to 10 best picture nominees . Not to mention the expense of running campaigns . The cost of holding screenings , making screeners and placing ads in the trades makes it harder for the smaller companies to compete with the big boys . In other words , this is not an exact science . Films I have seen are in listed in bold . All names and titles are in alphabetical order within categories . Best Picture "  The Artist " Harvey Weinstein is about as genius of an Academy Awards marketer as there is . Whatever you might say about him  and some have said plenty  , the man knows how to get Oscars . If anyone can take a black and white , mostly silent film and turn it into a multiple nominee , it 's Harvey . "  The Artist " is absolutely stunning , a beautiful and magnificent creation on every level . If voters see it , they 'll love it . "  The Descendants " Alexander Payne  "  Election , " "  Sideways "  has created  along with co-screenwriters Nat Faxon and Jim Rash  an almost flawless film that showcases both Hawaii and George Clooney  see below  as you 've never seen them before . From what I have seen  and it 's very early days yet  this is the one to beat . Serious contenders include : "  The Help , " which sort of came out of nowhere and now looks to be a serious candidate , even though it has its detractors , and "  The Ides of March , " a very well-acted political thriller that is getting good reviews . It could provide Clooney 's second , third and fourth nominations  director , supporting actor and screenwriter with Grant Heslov  . Also on that list are "  Midnight in Paris , " "  Moneyball " and "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy "  advance word is that this is a fantastic adaptation of a classic spy novel  . There are also a few high-profile films that have n't been screened for anyone , including "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close , " which has Tom Hanks , Sandra Bullock and 9/11 , so do n't bet against it ; Scorsese 's 3-D "  Hugo " ; "  J. Edgar " starring Leo DiCaprio ; "  War Horse " from Steven Spielberg ; "  We Bought a Zoo " starring Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson ; and "  Young Adult , " in which Jason Reitman and Diablo Cody team up again  "  Juno "  with some buzz on Charlize Theron for best actress . Best Actor Some mortal locks for this category probably include : George Clooney , "  The Descendants " : the best he 's ever been . Brad Pitt , "  Moneyball " : ditto , although he was magnificent in "  The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford , " as well . Jean Dujardin , "  The Artist " : a forgotten craft showcased by an excellent performance . Leonard DiCaprio in "  J. Edgar " : likely , but I have n't seen it . Thomas Horn , "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " : could be the "  out of the blue " nominee . In the "  they could be contenders " category , we have Matt Damon with "  We Bought a Zoo " ; Michael Fassbender with "  Shame " and "  A Dangerous Method " ; Joseph Gordon-Levitt in "  50/50 " ; Ryan Gosling in "  The Ides of March " ; Gary Oldman in "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy " ; and Anton Yelchin in "  Like Crazy . " Best Actress In the "  strong possibility " category , we have : Kirsten Dunst , "  Melancholia " : one of the most amazing performances I have ever seen . Read my writeup from Toronto here . A lot will depend on how much Magnolia is willing to spend on its campaign for her and how much director Lars von Trier 's comments in Cannes hurt the film . Viola Davis , "  The Help " Elizabeth Olsen , "  Martha Marcy May Marlene " : Wow . Just wow . Michelle WIlliams , "  My Week with Marilyn " Glenn Close , "  Albert Nobbs " A list of "  Mmmmm , could be " potential nominees includes Keira Knightley in "  A Dangerous Method , " Charlize Theron in "  Young Adult " and Felicity Jones in "  Like Crazy . " In the "  no one 's seen it , but ... duh " category , we must place Meryl Streep for her performance as former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in "  The Iron Lady . " Best Director Those leading the pack include : Woody Allen , "  Midnight in Paris " Michel Hazanavicius , "  The Artist " Bennett Miller , "  Moneyball " Alexander Payne , "  The Descendants " Stephen Daldry , "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " "  Coming up strong on the outside " is a group that includes Tomas Alfredson for "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy " ; George Clooney for "  The Ides of March " ; Terrence Malick for "  The Tree of Life " ; and Jason Reitman for "  Young Adult . " The ones I would term "  masters with unseen films " include Clint Eastwood 's "  J. Edgar " ; David Fincher and "  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo " ; Martin Scorsese with "  Hugo " ; and Spielberg with "  War Horse . " Best Supporting Actor These next two are really tough to predict right now , with almost everyone holding front-runner status . Also , I have n't seen many of the films in the supporting categories , so my guesses are likely to be less educated than usual ! Likeliest based on current buzz/past nods : Albert Brooks , "  Drive " Kenneth Branagh , "  My Week with Marilyn " Jim Broadbent , "  The Iron Lady " Christopher Plummer , "  Beginners " Max Von Sydow , "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " The rest of this excellent pack : George Clooney , "  The Ides of March " Tom Hanks , "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close " Tom Hardy , "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy " Philip Seymour Hoffman , "  The Ides of March " Viggo Mortensen , "  A Dangerous Method " Patton Oswalt , "  Young Adult " Best Supporting Actress Advance buzz favors this quartet : Jessica Chastain , "  The Help "  also in "  The Tree of Life " and "  Take Shelter " Vanessa Redgrave , "  Coriolanus " Octavia Spencer , "  The Help " Shailene Woodley , "  The Descendants " Other contenders include Sandra Bullock in "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close , " Carey Mulligan in "  Shame " and Kate Winslet in "  Carnage . " Best Original Screenplay There 's only one that I would place in my "  pretty much a guarantee " slot , and that would be Woody Allen for "  Midnight in Paris . " Serious contenders include : Terrence Malick , "  The Tree of Life " Dustin Lance Black , "  J. Edgar " James Ellroy and Oren Moverman , "  Rampart " Best Adapted Screenplay I 'd bet my lunch on nominations for : Alexander Payne and Nat Faxon & Jim Rash , "  The Descendants " Aaron Sorkin and Steve Zaillian , "  Moneyball " Bridget O'Connor and Peter Straughan , "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy " Other front-runners include George Clooney , Grant Heslov and Beau Willimon for "  The Ides of March , " Christopher Hampton for "  A Dangerous Method " and Eric Roth for "  Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close . " I know , I did n't touch on the categories of animation , documentaries , cinematography and many other categories . There 's plenty of time between now and the awards on February 26 , not to mention the Golden Globes , Independent Spirit Awards , SAG Awards , DGA Awards , etc. , etc. .	Various film festivals have helped stir Oscar buzz Promotion , changing Academy rules and other elements make picking risky George Clooney , Brad Pitt and their films appear on critics ' lists a few times
London  CNN  -- "  Rape is not a women 's issue or a humanitarian issue -- it 's a global issue . " So said Hollywood star and U.N. special envoy for refugees Angelina Jolie , standing with foreign ministers from the G8 nations in London as they pledged action Thursday to end sexual violence in conflict . The Declaration on Preventing Sexual Violence in Conflict , endorsed by the G8 nations -- Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , Britain and the United States -- commits them to taking greater steps to help the victims of sexual violence in war , prevent further attacks and hold perpetrators to account . UK Foreign Secretary William Hague said the plans would help end "  the horrific use of rape and sexual violence as a weapon of war in conflicts around the globe . " He drew a parallel with the efforts made to end the global slave trade , tackle climate change and agree to an international arms trade treaty -- the last having been achieved just last week at the United Nations . "  Today we know the facts about sexual violence in conflict and we have the means to address it , so we must not look away or rest until the world faces up to its responsibilities , " he said . Rape and serious sexual violence in conflict are grave breaches of the Geneva Convention , as well as being war crimes , Hague said . This means states have a responsibility to find those accused of such crimes and bring them to justice . Under the declaration , the G8 nations agreed to draw up protocols on international standards for the investigation of rape and sexual violence and ensuring access to justice for survivors . They will work together to raise awareness of the issue , which affects predominantly girls and women but also men and boys . They also promised to boost support services for the victims , especially children , including health care , legal aid and counseling . The agreement followed a meeting with the U.N. envoy on sexual violence in conflict , Zainab Bangura . Together , the nations pledged nearly $ 36 million in additional funds to help end sexual violence . Jolie , speaking alongside Hague and Bangura , said the declaration was welcome , but "  long overdue " for the survivors of sexual violence . "  For too long , they have been the forgotten victims of war , responsible for none of the blame but bearing the worst of the pain , " she said . "  Foreign ministers : Millions of people have been waiting for the commitments you 've just made , and they will be watching to see them implemented . " Bangura told how she had recently met victims of sexual violence in the Democratic Republic of Congo and in Somalia . In DR Congo , she visited a community where , last year , 11 babies aged between 6 and 12 months were raped , she said . "  Faced with such horror , we are compelled to turn the despair in our hearts into unshakeable resolve that this will not happen to our children , " she said . This means ending a culture of impunity for those responsible -- and the governments of the countries where such sexual violence occurs must be part of the solution , she said . "  We have an opportunity like at no time before in history to break the back of this age-old evil , " she said . "  Sexual violence in conflict is not inevitable , and preventing it is not impossible . "	G8 foreign ministers endorse a declaration to end sexual violence in war A culture of impunity for those who commit sexual violence in conflict must end , they say The nations commit to do more to bring perpetrators to justice and help sexual violence victims "  For too long , they have been the forgotten victims of war , " says Angelina Jolie
Travel + Leisure  -- Boston-based wedding planner Bernadette Smith has helped arrange the same-sex nuptials of nearly 75 Massachusetts couples during her five-year career . But she 's never seen quite the surge in business as she has during the past few months . Wedding planners have seen a surge in same-sex couples traveling to New England to tie the knot . Smith 's calendar first started filling up when the 1913 law that banned gay marriage for out-of-state couples was lifted in July 2008 . But , she says , things became even more hectic when Proposition 8 , the California ballot proposal restricting marriage to heterosexual couples , passed in the November elections . Now Smith and other wedding planners have seen a surge in gays and lesbians traveling to New England to tie the knot . And the trend is growing quickly : On April 3 , Iowa 's Supreme Court found its gay-marriage ban unconstitutional ; four days later , the Vermont legislature gave same-sex couples the right to marry ; and on April 16 , New York Governor David Paterson announced he would introduce a bill to legalize gay marriage . Not surprisingly , hotels and resorts that cater to same-sex weddings are cashing in . One is the Hob Knob in Martha 's Vineyard ; its Escape & Elope package includes an intimate ceremony , along with Champagne and massages . And all their wedding packages come with access to Tulle , a destination wedding-and-gown specialist that can accommodate not just one picky bride , but two . Another property capitalizing on the ruling is the Mayflower Inn & Spa in Washington , Connecticut . The inn 's "  At Last " package includes all the traditional trimmings of a wedding : rehearsal dinner , couples ' massage , garden ceremony , and officiant , along with either "  his and his " or "  hers and hers " stylists . The hotel also offers 25 percent off room rates on the couples ' wedding anniversary for life -- much better than a Tupperware set . Travel + Leisure : 50 best romantic getaways For those who want to plan their own ceremony , Bernadette Smith suggests the Exchange Conference Center overlooking Boston Harbor -- it 's where she 'll be saying "  I do " this summer . Anne P. Worcester , chief marketing officer of Market New Haven , a tourism and commerce organization for the New Haven area , suggests a few other same-sex-friendly Connecticut venues . There 's the New Haven Lawn Club , known for its large ballroom and experience in gay weddings ; the Union League Café  "  arguably the best restaurant in all of New Haven , " she says  ; and the quintessentially romantic carousel at Lighthouse Point . For those traveling long distances , the Omni New Haven Hotel can accommodate out-of-town couples and their guests with in-house ballrooms , restaurants and a spa . Travel + Leisure : Great romantic weekend getaways Anne Stanback , executive director of Love Makes a Family  a pro-gay marriage organization in New Haven , Connecticut  has become an expert on same-sex wedding planning since she arranged her own nuptials without the help of bridal magazines . "  We may not see the lesbian version of Modern Bride until a few more states legalize marriage for same-sex couples , but I have no doubt we eventually will , " she says . Now gay advocates in Iowa would like to create the same kind of wedding infrastructure available in Connecticut , Massachusetts and Vermont . Greg Nooney , who started one of the state 's few gay-wedding Web sites , began receiving inquiries just days after the decision was finalized on April 3 . Nooney admits that building a roster of gay-friendly vendors wo n't happen overnight . "  It is taking some people a little time to get their bearings , " he says . One place that wasted no time in promoting itself as gay-friendly is the Sioux City Holiday Inn . Manager Larry Jenson says the property has held commitment ceremonies in the past and looks forward to hosting same-sex couples in the future . Despite the fast pace of change across America , however , wedding experts say all the feedback has been positive . "  People may be surprised at just how few ripples the change in the marriage law has caused here , " says Anne Stanback , of Connecticut . "  There has been no backlash , there have been no protests . Just lots and lots of people who are pleased . " Planning a beach getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to Affordable Beach Resorts . Copyright 2009 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Surge in business for wedding planners where same-sex marriage is legal When California 's Proposition 8 passed , more gay couples came to Massachusetts Gay advocates in Iowa would like to create the same kind of wedding infrastructure
Planning to travel in or to the United States and wondering if the U.S. government shutdown will hit your plans ? Well , you may need to tweak some sight-seeing portions of your itinerary . Never mind that visit to the Statue of Liberty in New York City . Forget visiting Independence Hall in Philadelphia . And that hiking adventure at Yellowstone National Park ? It wo n't happen . Congress , wrangling over spending and Obamacare , failed to renew government funds in time for the start of the new fiscal year on Tuesday , and many travelers -- both domestic and international visitors -- will quickly start feeling the impact of the shutdown . While rail networks , essential air security and traffic control operations wo n't be impeded , travelers visiting the country 's national parks and other government-run tourist attractions will find the gates shuttered and the doors locked . All 401 National Park Service sites , which collectively average about 715,000 visitors per day in October , will be closed , according to a park service spokeswoman .  Guests staying in campgrounds and on-site hotels will be given 48 hours to leave .  The Smithsonian 's 19 museums and galleries and the National Zoo will also turn visitors away . In addition to the Smithsonian 's National Air and Space Museum , the shutdown bars tourists from two of the world 's top destinations for aviation enthusiasts : the National Museum of Naval Aviation in Pensacola , Florida , and the National Museum of the U.S. Air Force at Ohio 's Wright-Patterson Air Force Base . Is it safe to fly ? Airport security personnel are considered essential , so travelers please continue to follow Transportation Security Administration rules about liquids , shoes and other restrictions at the airport . Air traffic controllers , some safety inspectors and other essential employees will "  continue working in order to maintain the safety of the national airspace system , " said the Federal Aviation Administration , in an e-mailed statement . "  Safety is our top priority . " Most immigration , border and customs employees are also considered essential personnel , which means passport controls at U.S. borders and points of entry like airports and cruise ports -- should be unaffected by the shutdown . Other FAA projects , including facility security inspections , routine personnel security background investigations and development of the next generation of air traffic control technology , will be placed on hold . What if you 're waiting on a passport ? If you 're waiting on a U.S. passport , how long that wait will last depends on where the passport agency is located . Passport services , because they are funded by other revenue , are generally "  unaffected by a government shutdown , " according to a State Department spokesperson . There 's just one possible catch : If the passport office is located within a government building that has been shut down , passport approvals may be affected . If you need a visa Because consular services at U.S. embassies and consulates around the world are largely funded by application fees , not annual appropriations , visa applications filed by foreigners wanting to enter the United States will continue to be processed , according to the State Department . Overseas impact Even those visitors trying to pay their respects at American military cemeteries located outside of the United States will feel the impact . The Normandy American Cemetery and 23 other overseas cemeteries operated by the American Battle Monuments Commission will be closed to the public for the duration of the shutdown , according to the commission 's contingency plans . "  The Normandy American Cemetery presents a special case , as visitors have access to the cemetery via the unfenced approaches from the beach , according to the plan . "  Visitors will be asked to leave , but confrontation will be avoided . "	All 401 U.S. National Park Service sites are set to close Essential air traffic and security measures will be maintained Passports and visas should continue to be processed Some passport approvals could be impacted if offices are located in certain offices
CNN  -- It will be a messy weekend in the Northeast and the Deep South as the massive weather system that walloped 20 states with a snowstorm rolls off toward the Atlantic Ocean . A winter storm is expected to deposit up to 10 inches of snow in isolated pockets of western Massachusetts , and 6 inches to a foot in parts of southern Vermont and New Hampshire , and central Maine . This is not the same storm that blanketed the Great Plains , said CNN Meteorologist Pedram Javaheri , although it is part of the same overall system that spans the country from north to south . It will be much less intense , he said , and it should not affect the places hardest hit by the blizzard that plastered the Northeast two weeks ago , knocking out power to hundreds of thousands of customers . Boston will likely see a slushy mix of rain and snow that could lead to downed branches and power lines , Javaheri said . Track severe weather Rain will continue to soak the eastern United States from Washington , D.C. , on down , especially Sunday , according to the National Weather Service . "  Across the Southeast , some of the rainfall totals are going to be staggering , " said CNN Meteorologist Karen McGinnis . Parts of the central Southeast should get 4 to 6 inches of rainfall . Some snow records The outgoing system will have made its mark on virtually the entire country from the southwest corner of California to central Maine , leaving its deepest imprint on Kansas . Wichita saw its second-highest storm snowfall total on record with 14.2 inches over two days , the said . The town of Russell in the state 's middle lay under a 22 inch layer of white by the time the storm roared by . Missouri was not far behind , with accumulations of around a foot in some places . The snow set a record at Kansas City International Airport , with 9 inches falling in a single day . The old record was 5.1 inches set in 2010 . Some businesses and universities shut down Thursday as state officials urged residents to stay off the roads . The white blanket emptied the streets of Kansas City . Silver lining The snowstorm turned out to be a welcome one to many Kansans and many others throughout the Great Plains , who have been suffering a drought for a third straight year . Kansas , Nebraska , Iowa , Missouri and a host of other farm-heavy states have seen crop losses as a result . The Kansas Department of Agriculture expects those conditions to continue into April , but near-record levels of snowfall will ease the problem and could accelerate the drought 's end . "  It snows so infrequently here . Now we 've been in a really bad drought for several years ; really , really hot summer and just no moisture . So we 're thrilled to see snow or ice -- whatever moisture we can get , " Wichita resident Kristen Woodburn said . Ranchers embraced the storm , even though bitter cold snow can be deadly during calving season . Frank Harper , a Kansas rancher from Sedgwick and the immediate past president of the Kansas Livestock Association , said the storm caused more work for him because he had to bring his calves inside to warm them up . But he called the snowstorm a blessing for bringing good moisture to the winter wheat .	The massive system sweeping the U.S. wraps up with a wet finale The far Northeast should see snow Slushy snow or rain should fall from Boston on down
He 's a high school dropout who worked his way into the most secretive computers in U.S. intelligence as a defense contractor -- only to blow those secrets wide open by spilling details of classified surveillance programs . Now , Edward Snowden might never live in the United States as a free man again . Where he may end up was a source of global speculation Sunday after he flew from Hong Kong to Russia , his ultimate destination unknown to most . Snowden has revealed himself as the source of documents outlining a massive effort by the U.S. National Security Agency to track cell phone calls and monitor the e-mail and Internet traffic of virtually all Americans . Snowden , 29 , said he just wanted the public to know what the government was doing . "  Even if you 're not doing anything wrong you 're being watched and recorded , " he said . Snowden told The Guardian newspaper in the United Kingdom that he had access to the full rosters of everyone working at the NSA , the entire intelligence community and undercover assets around the world . "  I 'm just another guy who sits there day to day in the office , watching what 's happening , and goes , ` This is something that 's not our place to decide . ' The public needs to decide whether these programs or policies are right or wrong , " he said . Snowden fled to Hong Kong after copying one last set of documents and telling his boss he needed to go away for medical treatment . From Hawaii to hiding Before his leak of U.S. intelligence , Snowden was living "  in paradise . " He worked for a major U.S. government contractor in Hawaii , earning a six-figure salary and enjoying the scenic state with his girlfriend . He told The Guardian he never received a high school diploma and did n't complete his computer studies at a community college . Instead , he joined the Army in 2003 but was discharged after breaking both legs in an accident . Snowden said he later worked as a security guard for the NSA and then took a computer security job with the CIA . He left that job in 2009 and moved on to Booz Allen Hamilton , where he worked as a contractor for the government in Hawaii . He told the Guardian that he left for Hong Kong on May 20 without telling his family or his girlfriend what he planned . "  You 're living in Hawaii , in paradise and making a ton of money . What would it take to make you leave everything behind ? " he said in the Guardian interview . "  I 'm willing to sacrifice all of that because I ca n't in good conscience allow the U.S. government to destroy privacy , Internet freedom and basic liberties for people around the world with this massive surveillance machine they 're secretly building . " Some residents on Oahu island are glad Snowden left . "  From a Hawaii standpoint , good riddance , thanks for leaving , " Ralph Cossa told CNN affiliate KHON . "  I 'm sure the guy had an overactive Mother Teresa gene and thought he was going to go out and save America from Americans , but in reality he was very foolish , " Cossa said . "  We expect the government to honor our privacy , but we also expect our government to protect us from terrorist attacks . " Opinion : Snowden is a hero The fallout President Barack Obama insists his administration is not spying on U.S. citizens -- rather , it 's only looking for information on terrorists . Booz Allen Hamilton , the government contractor that employed Snowden , said Snowden had worked at the firm for less than three months . "  News reports that this individual has claimed to have leaked classified information are shocking , and if accurate , this action represents a grave violation of the code of conduct and core values of our firm , " the company said in the statement . The firm said it will cooperate with authorities in their investigation . According to the Guardian , the only time Snowden became emotional during hours of interviews was when he thought about what might happen to his relatives -- many of whom work for the U.S. government . "  The only thing I fear is the harmful effects on my family , who I wo n't be able to help anymore , " he said . "  That 's what keeps me up at night . " As for his concerns about his country , "  the greatest fear that I have regarding the outcome for America of these disclosures is that nothing will change . " Obama : No one listening to your calls Official : Damage assessment over U.S. intelligence-gathering leaks	Unclear where Snowden will wind up , after leaving Hong Kong for Russia Edward Snowden , 29 , is the source of leaks over an NSA surveillance program "  The public needs to decide whether these programs ... are right or wrong , " he says
Tobey Maguire has settled a lawsuit that sought repayment of hundreds of thousands of dollars the "  Spider-Man " actor allegedly won in secret high-stakes poker games at Beverly Hills luxury hotels , according to court documents filed last week . A series of federal suits , including the one against Maguire , said the poker winnings were paid with funds stolen from investors who had been lured into an illegal Ponzi scheme . Maguire agreed to pay $ 80,000 to the estate of Bradley Ruderman , 48 , who is serving a 10-year federal prison sentence for tax , wire and investor advice fraud convictions . The judge will hold a hearing on December 21 to decide if he will approve the Maguire settlement . The lawsuit against Maguire , filed in March , alleged that the actor won $ 311,000 from Ruderman in 2007 and 2008 . Actors Nick Cassavetes and Gabe Kaplan , along with professional poker player Dan Bilzerian , two nightclub owners and a Los Angeles lawyer , are among at least 10 other people sued by a bankruptcy trustee . Most of the celebrity defendants have not publicly commented on the case , but Kaplan , the star of the 1970s TV sitcom "  Welcome Back , Kotter , " reached his own settlement in August . Kaplan , whose poker skills are well known because of his frequent television appearances at professional gambling events , agreed to repay $ 27,000 of the $ 62,000 the trustee contended he was paid in gambling proceeds from the Ponzi scheme funds . Lawsuits : Celebrities play high-stakes poker in hotels None of the defendants in the civil lawsuits faced criminal charges , but the bankruptcy trustee for Ruderman 's estate said they had to return at least $ 1.5 million of their alleged gambling winnings . What each defendant allegedly has in common is that they beat Bradley Ruderman in "  regularly held , high stakes and clandestine ` Texas Hold 'em ' poker games " at hotels and homes in the Beverly Hills area . Ruderman induced at least 22 victim-investors to give him approximately $ 44.3 million that was never invested , one lawsuit said . Ruderman , a Beverly Hills resident , used the money , in part , to cover his gambling losses , it said . The suits say that the poker games were "  exclusive events , by invitation only , and that there was a regular roster of players consisting of wealthy celebrities , entrepreneurs , attorneys and businessmen . " The games were also unlicensed and illegal , so "  the player had no legally enforceable contractual right to receive payment , " the suits said . Bilzerian , a top professional poker player known as the "  Blitz , " beat Ruderman for $ 100,000 , which the bankruptcy trustee wants back , court documents said . There is no criminal investigation of the alleged gambling , a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney said in June when the lawsuits were made public . "  Gambling is illegal , but it 's a misdemeanor , " Sandi Gibbons said . The court documents pull back the curtain a bit on what is mostly done behind closed doors by the wealthy and well-known in Beverly Hills . The poker games were "  held at luxury locations such as The Four Seasons Hotel in Los Angeles , California , the Beverly Hills Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , and occasionally at private residences of the poker players , " the lawsuits said . None of the hotels would comment on the allegations when contacted by CNN . The games were "  arranged by Molly Bloom , initially  as  an assistant to one of the poker players and then as a stand-alone business , " court documents said . Bloom arranged "  food , alcohol and massages " for the players and "  arranged for the settlement of gambling winnings and losses between and among the players . " Bloom , who is being sued by the trustee for $ 473,200 , denied in a response to the court that she was involved in organized illegal gambling . She acknowledged , however , that she "  performed services and received value from Ruderman in good faith in exchange for her services . " Bloom passed "  a large percentage " of the money sent to her by Ruderman to "  third parties , " her response said . Ruderman 's Ponzi scheme spanned seven years , starting in 2002 and ending with an FBI investigation in 2009 , according to court papers . "  To obtain investments in the fund , Ruderman misrepresented to potential investors that Lowell Milken  chairman of the Milken Family Foundation and younger brother of Michael Milken  and Larry Ellison  the CEO of Oracle Corporation  were investors in the funds , " federal court documents said . Ruderman provided false accounting statements claiming his hedge fund investments earned between 15 % and 61 % each year and were valued at more than $ 800 million , the documents said . "  In reality , the funds lost millions of dollars over the years and had a net liquidation value of less than $ 650,000 at the end of 2008 , " documents said . It was a year after the funds collapse in April 2009 , and months after Ruderman pleaded guilty in January 2010 , that the bankruptcy trustee discovered the large transfers of cash from the fund to pay his gambling debts , the lawsuits said .	The "  Spider-Man " actor agrees to pay $ 80,000 to settle the $ 311,000 claim Maguire 's poker winnings were paid with Ponzi scheme proceeds , the suit says At least 10 other people have been sued by a bankruptcy trustee None of the defendants in the civil lawsuits faced criminal charges
CNN  -- Fernando Torres ' highly-anticipated switch to English champions Chelsea was completed just before Monday transfer window closed in a deal that his former team Liverpool said had broken the British record . Chelsea 's website reported that the Spain striker had signed a five-and-a-half-year contract , but did not disclose the fee -- which British media speculated would be about # 50 million  $ 80 million  . However , it was still well short of the world-record $ 130 million that Spain 's Real Madrid paid English club Manchester United for Cristiano Ronaldo in 2009 . In another deal confirmed late on Monday , Benfica said that Brazil defender David Luiz had joined Chelsea in a deal worth $ 34 million that saw Serbian midfielder Nemanja Matic sign for the Portuguese club . "  I am very happy with my transfer to Chelsea and I am looking forward very much to helping my new team-mates this season and for many years to come , " 2010 World Cup winner Torres told the London side 's website . "  Having played against Chelsea many times since coming to England , and in some very big games I will never forget , I know there are many great players here and I will work hard to win a place in the team . I hope I can score some important goals for the supporters to enjoy this season . " The 26-year-old scored 65 goals in 102 Premier League appearances for Liverpool after joining from Atletico Madrid in 2007 in a # 20 million deal , netting 81 in 142 games in all competitions . Torres ' move followed the news that Liverpool had agreed a club-record fee for Newcastle 's England striker Andy Carroll , who handed in a transfer request in the afternoon after the 18-time English champions made an improved bid . Just before the 2300 GMT deadline , Liverpool confirmed that the 22-year-old had signed a contract until 2016 . The fee was not disclosed but it reportedly surpassed the previous British record of # 33 million  $ 53 million  that Manchester City paid for Brazilian Robinho in 2008 . Will deadline-day spending buck the trend ? Chelsea 's billionaire owner Roman Abramovich has been relatively quiet in transfer market for the past two seasons , but has this time backed coach Carlo Ancelotti with two marquee signings as his club languish fourth in the table -- 10 points behind leaders Manchester United . The London team also announced on Monday that the Chelsea FC plc made a loss of # 70.9 million  $ 113 million  for the year ended June 30 , 2010 . "  The reduction in operating losses and increased sales in 2009-10 shows that we are moving in the right direction especially when viewed against the difficult macroeconomic environment , " chief executive Ron Gourlay told Chelsea 's website . "  The club is in a strong position to meet the challenges of UEFA ` financial fair play ' initiatives which will be relevant to the financial statements to be released in early 2013 . " Latest transfer rumors on Twitter Carroll joined Uruguay World Cup striker Luis Suarez at Liverpool , with the 24-year-old completing his $ 36 million transfer from Dutch club Ajax earlier on Monday to become Kenny Dalglish 's first major signing in his second stint as manager . The 24-year-old has scored 111 goals in 159 games for the Amsterdam side . Another high-profile striker on the move Monday was Tottenham 's Robbie Keane , who has agreed a loan switch to London rivals West Ham until the end of this season . The move is likely to become permanent should the Hammers , currently bottom of the EPL , avoid relegation to the second flight . Blog : Who will be the best signing of the transfer window ? Manager Avram Grant said after the 3-2 FA Cup win Nottingham Forest that he hoped the Republic of Ireland international would provide the spark to get the club away from the drop zone . "  He is not just a good player , he is a good character that we need in the next 14 games , " the Israeli told the UK Press Association . Tottenham , who face AC Milan in the last 16 of the Champions League next month , were linked with a bid for Atletico Madrid 's Sergio Aguero . But the Argentina striker has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract extension with the Spanish side until 2014 and told the La Liga outfit 's official website : "  I 'm staying here because I want to . " Spurs manager Harry Redknapp would not confirm his interest in Aguero or other reported targets in Spain as he arrived for Monday 's training session , but told Sky Sports that former England defender Jonathan Woodgate would not be leaving on loan . Woodgate , who has returned to fitness after long-term injury , is needed as defensive cover after captain Michael Dawson was banned for three matches after being sent off in the 4-0 FA Cup defeat to Fulham , while French fellow center-back Younes Kaboul needs an operation , said Redknapp . United States international midfielder Michael Bradley has joined English club Aston Villa from German side Borussia Monchengladbach on loan until the end of this season . Villa boss Gerard Houllier told reporters : "  We 've got to prepare for the future and Michael is 23 and a very hard-working midfielder who can score goals . " Villa allowed Irish midfielder Stephen Ireland to join Newcastle on loan for the rest of this season , almost six months after he arrived from Manchester City . Houllier also said that the club had received no bids for England winger Ashley Young . Turkey international striker Tuncay Sanli has moved from English Premier League side Stoke to Wolfsburg in a $ 7 million deal , the German club announced on their official website . The Bundesliga side also announced the arrival of attacking midfielders Koo Ja-Cheoul of South Korea and Venezuelan Yohandry Orozco , plus Bayer Leverkusen 's Germany international striker Patrick Helmes and Czech midfielder Jan Polak . The 21-year-old Koo -- who scored five goals in six matches at the recent Asian Cup -- signed a three-and-a-half-year deal from Korean side Jeju United , while 19-year-old Orozco signed from Venezuela 's Zulia FC until 2015 . Stoke also allowed former Chelsea and Barcelona striker Eidur Gudjohnsen to join English rivals Fulham on loan , with the Iceland international having failed to win a regular place since his pre-season move from Monaco . German rivals Schalke signed Iran international midfielder Ali Karimi , who worked with coach Felix Magath when they were both at Bayern Munich , plus clubless Greece striker Angelos Charisteas -- who scored the winning goal in the final of Euro 2004 . Serie A leaders AC Milan confirmed on their website the signing of 34-year-old Italy defender Nicola Legrottaglie from league rivals Juventus , on a contract until June this year . Italian champions Inter Milan have signed Japan leftback Yuto Nagamoto on loan from Cesena on loan for the rest of this season , with 20-year-old Italy international defender Davide Santon moving in the opposite direction . The 24-year-old Nagamoto set up the only goal of the Asian Cup final against Australia on Saturday which sealed a record fourth title for the Blue Samurai . Inter coach Leonardo has allowed Colombian defender Nelson Rivas to join Ukrainian side Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk on loan , with a view to a permanent deal . Brazil-born Italy international striker Amauri has returned to Parma on loan from Italian rivals Juventus , who have replaced him with Cagliari 's Alessandro Matri . English club Birmingham City signed Nigeria international Obafemi Martins in a six-month loan deal from Russian side Rubin Kazan , after the former Newcastle striker was granted a work permit . Portugal international striker Liedson has returned to the country of his birth after joining Brazilian club Corinthians from Sporting Lisbon in a $ 2.9 million deal . The 32-year-old qualified for Portuguese nationality in 2009 and played for his adopted nation at last year 's World Cup finals in South Africa . Ecuador midfielder Jefferson Montero has swapped Spanish clubs after joining struggling Levante from Champions League hopefuls Villarreal on loan . Dutch club Feyenoord have signed Denmark international striker Soren Larsen from French side Toulouse on loan for the rest of this season , along with Arsenal 's new 18-year-old Japanese forward Ryo Miyaichi and Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Marcel Meeuwis .	NEW : Chelsea sign Spain striker Fernando Torres from English rivals Liverpool English clubs agree undisclosed fee which reportedly smashed British transfer record Chelsea also sign Brazil defender David Luiz from Portuguese club Benfica Liverpool complete club-record deal for Newcastle 's England striker Andy Carroll
CNN  -- Tiger Woods completed the victory formalities at the WGC-Bridgestone tournament Sunday and immediately turned his attentions to the final major of the season , which starts later this week . Woods has been marooned on 14 majors for five years , but his form in 2013 , this was his fifth win of the season and by a resounding seven shots , gives him hope that drought will end by next weekend . He will head for Oak Hill in New York as overwhelming favorite for the PGA Championship and with renewed confidence . "  I 'm really looking forward to it , " he said after completing a final round of level-par 70 on the Firestone Course at Akron , Ohio . "  I feel like my game is pretty consistent and I 'm hitting it pretty good . " Woods admitted to adopting a conservative approach to his play on the final day of a tournament he has now won a record eight times . The World No. 1 was never threatened with playing partner Henrik Stenson concentrating on his battle for second place . The Swede made a testing two-putt on the final green to also close with a 70 and finish in a share of the runners-up spot with reigning champion Keegan Bradley on eight-under . Woods , who finished on 15-under 265 , will be paired with Bradley and Davis Love II for the first two rounds of the PGA Championship on Thursday and Friday . He will be hoping to repeat the sort of heroics which saw him card a joint career best nine-under 61 on Friday to open up a massive lead in the WGC event he has made his own on a course which he said "  fits my eye . " Tapping in for par on the last , Woods was winning his 79th PGA Tour title and 18th WGC crown . Spanish veteran Miguel Angel Jimenez and Zach Johnson finished tied for fourth on six-under . Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy , who will be defending his PGA Championship title , was well off the pace again on two-over . Woods , whose last victory at a major came in the 2008 U.S. Open , has flattered to deceive in this season 's three to date , with indifferent play on the weekend wrecking his chances . He is chasing the all-time record of 18 by the great Jack Nicklaus .	Tiger Woods wins WGC-Bridgestone Invitational Finishes seven shots clear of chasers Eighth victory at the tournament in Ohio PGA Championship starts Thursday at Oak Hill
CNN  -- Host Zain Verjee takes viewers through Oman 's diverse terrain -- sailing the seas in a sleek racing boat and driving through oasis towns en route to the rugged mountains of Jabal Al-Akhdar . Plus : The ` Jewel of Muscat ' Omanis ' relationship with the sea goes back generations and sailors have traveled and traded on the water for centuries . Inside the Middle East watches the launch of the "  Jewel of Muscat , " a reconstruction of a 9th century spice ship . The sewn-plank ship has been faithfully reconstructed from handmade coconut fiber ropes and wood -- and without a single nail . The "  Jewel of Muscat " will follow old trading routes stopping in India , Sri Lanka and Malaysia before arriving in Singapore in July . Inside the Middle East goes on deck with the captain ahead of the ship 's historic launch . Your IME diary We bring you highlights from the Tour of Oman where cyclists rode for six days on a 700 km route in a race that is the first of this kind in Oman . At a Muscat art gallery we meet contemporary artist Hassan Meer and he describes his abstract paintings and photography . We also explore the exotic scents at the House of Amouage where CEO David Crickmore gives us a tour of the luxury perfumery . From the UAE we bring you the flavors of Gourmet Abu Dhabi as we report from the kitchen . My Beirut with Zuhair Mourad Drawing inspiration from the blue of the Mediterranean and the green of Lebanon 's valleys and mountains , fashion designer Zuhair Mourad has made his name internationally in couture . Mourad most recently made headlines at the Brit Awards red carpet with a gold corset mini-dress worn by singer Florence Welsh who went on to win Best Album . Mourad says he is inspired by the many civilizations that have left their mark on his country -- from Byzantine to Ottoman , from French to "  modern Lebanese " -- he shows us around the city where he was raised , Beirut .	Inside the Middle East is in Oman On deck with the captain of a historic recreation of a 9th century Omani spice ship Lebanese couturier Zuhair Murad explains how his home , Beirut , inspires his designs
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard -- who ordered jets over the Capitol amid the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks -- was among those killed in a transit train crash in Washington this week , authorities said Tuesday . The crash killed retired Maj. Gen. David Wherley Jr. , ex-leader of the D.C. National Guard , and his wife , Ann . Retired Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr. and his wife , Ann , both 62 , were killed along with seven others Monday in the most deadly train crash in the history of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority . "  He was as fine a public servant , as dedicated to the United States of America ... as anyone I have ever met , " Washington Mayor Adrian Fenty told reporters Tuesday . On the morning of the September 11 attacks , Wherley , commander of the 113th Fighter Wing at Andrews Air Force Base , deployed pilots with orders from then-Vice President Dick Cheney to protect the White House and take out any aircraft that threatened the Capitol , according to the 9/11 Commission Report . "  They said challenge them , try to turn them away ; if they do n't turn away , use whatever force is necessary to keep them from hitting buildings downtown , " Wherley told the Washington Post in a 2002 interview . Wherley , a 40-year military veteran , served as the commanding general of the D.C. Guard from 2003 to 2008 . "  I am personally grieved by this unbelievable tragedy , " said Maj. Gen. Errol R. Schwartz who succeeded Wherley when he retired . See pictures of crash site " The Wherleys are survived by a son , David , a noncommissioned officer in the U.S. Army Golden Knights ; a daughter , Betsy ; and one grandchild , according to the National Guard . The seven others killed in the collision were : train operator Jeanice McMillan , 42 , of Springfield , Virginia ; Mary Doolittle , 59 ; Lavanda King , 23 ; Veronica Dubose , 26 ; Cameron Williams , 36 ; and Dennis Hawkins , 64 , all of Washington ; and Ana Fernandez , 40 , of Hyattsville , Maryland .	Maj. Gen. David F. Wherley Jr. deployed pilots on September 11 , 2001 Wherley , wife , seven others killed in Monday 's crash of two D.C. Metro trains Wherley was commanding general of D.C. National Guard from 2003 to 2008 "  He was as fine a public servant ... as anyone " I 've met , Washington mayor says
It is one of life 's biggest questions : Are we born knowing the difference between good and evil ? Or are we taught our moral beliefs by parents and society ? Philosophers and psychologists have long believed that babies are born "  blank slates , " and that it is the role of parents and society to teach babies the difference between right and wrong ; good and bad ; mean and nice . But a growing number of researchers now believe differently . They believe babies are in fact born with an innate sense of morality , and while parents and society can help develop a belief system in babies , they do n't create one . A team of researchers at Yale University 's Infant Cognition Center , known as The Baby Lab , showed us just how they came to that conclusion . Dr. Karen Wynn runs the Baby Lab , and she and her team have been studying the minds and behaviors of babies for decades . About eight years ago they began running a series of studies on babies under 24 months to see how much these babies understand about good and bad behavior . The first test is the simplest . Show a baby an example of good behavior , and then an example of bad behavior , then let the baby decide what she likes . Opinion : Do babies know right from wrong ? They begin with a puppet show . In this show , a gray cat is seen trying to open a big plastic box . The cat tries repeatedly , but he just ca n't open the lid all the way . A bunny in a green T-shirt comes along and helps open the box . Then the scenario is repeated , but this time a bunny in an orange T-shirt comes along and slams the box shut before running away . The green bunny is nice and helpful . The orange bunny is mean and unhelpful . The baby is then presented with the two bunnies from the show . A staff member who does n't know which bunny was mean and which bunny was nice will offer both bunnies at the same time to the baby . The baby 's mother , who is usually present during the study , closes her eyes so as not to influence the baby in any way . Which bunny do the babies choose ? More than 80 % of the babies in the study showed their preference for the good bunny , either by reaching for the good bunny or staring at it . And with 3-month-olds , that number goes higher , to 87 % . So what does this tell us ? Paul Bloom , author of "  Just Babies : The Origins of Good and Evil " and a professor of psychology at Yale , says these studies show that even before babies can speak or walk , they judge good and bad in the actions of others because they are born with a rudimentary sense of justice . But Bloom , who is married to Wynn , says this sense of justice is "  tragically limited . " Although babies are born with an innate sense of morality , they are also born with flaws . What 's your baby really thinking ? He writes : "  We are by nature indifferent , even hostile to strangers ; we are prone towards parochialism and bigotry . Some of our instinctive emotional responses , most notably disgust , spur us to do terrible things , including acts of genocide . " And the role of parents and society is to overcome these limitations and further develop the innate moral beliefs that already exist in those baby minds . Skeptics of the studies say babies are not capable of making intelligent choices , and perhaps babies are drawn to a certain color , or they choose according to where the puppets are placed . The team at the Baby Lab has been very careful in their studies to change the puppets , shirt colors and placement of the animals before presenting them to various babies , and they feel confident their published research is sound . The Baby Lab has developed a series of studies based on the simple premise that babies have this simple understanding of good and bad . The other studies explore reward and punishment , compromise and the roots of bias .	Yale University researchers say babies are born with knowledge of right and wrong A test with puppets shows babies preferring the "  good " character most of the time But bad comes with the good , and parents must guide children , one scientist writes
CNN  -- Victoria Azarenka unleashed a fierce volley of criticism at the Wimbledon tournament organizers after blaming the court conditions for her injury-enforced withdrawal . Azarenka was one of seven players to pull out of the tournament Wednesday with injury , joining Rafel Nadal 's conqueror Steve Darcis , France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , Czech Radek Stepanek , U.S star John Isner , Croatia 's Marin Cilic and Kazakhstan 's Yaroslava Shvedova on the sidelines . It is an unwanted statistic for the tournament , which has seen 10 withdrawals in the singles competition overall , with the record currently held by the 2011 U.S. Open when 17 competitors were forced out with injuries . Azarenka , the World No. 2 suffered an injury to her right knee during Monday 's first round win over Portugal 's Maria Joao Koehler and withdrew just minutes before Wednesday 's tussle with Italy 's Flavia Pennetta on Centre Court . The Australian Open champion , who has reached the semifinal stage in each of the past two years , was clearly unhappy with the conditions of the court and hit out after seeing her Wimbledon dream crushed . "  The court was not in a very good condition that day , " the Belorussian told reporters . "  My opponent fell twice ; I fell badly ; there were some other people who fell after . "  It would be great if the club or somebody who takes care of the court would examine or try to find an issue so that would n't happen . "  There is nothing I could have done to make that better . There is nothing I 've done wrong that cost me to just withdraw from Wimbledon . " But the All England Lawn Tennis And Croquet Club responded immediately in a statement following Azarenka 's attack . "  There have been no changes in the preparation of the courts and as far as we are aware the grass court surface is in excellent condition , " it read . "  In fact we believe that it is drier than last year when the prevailing conditions were cold and wet . "  A grass court is a natural surface and will generally be slightly more lush in the first couple of days . Although a number of players have withdrawn injured , only one player has attributed this to slipping over on court . " CEO Richard Lewis also released a statement late Wednesday following the surprise number of withdrawals . "  There has been a high number of withdrawals at the Championships and we sympathize with all the players affected , " he said on the tournament 's official website . "  The withdrawals have occurred for a variety of reasons , but there have been some suggestion that the court surface is to blame . We have no reason to think this is the case . Indeed , many players have complimented us on the very good condition of the courts . "  The court preparation has been to exactly the same meticulous standard as in previous years and it is well known that grass surfaces tend to be more lush at the start of an event . "  The factual evidence , which is independently checked , is that the courts are almost identical to last year , as dry and firm as they should be , and we expect them to continue to play to their usual high quality . " Meanwhile , Tsonga , who had hoped to challenge for the men 's title , was forced to retire during his contest against Ernests Gulbis of Latvia after complaining of knee and wrist problems . But the Frenchman , who had completed three sets before retiring , refused to blame the court conditions . "  There is nothing about this court . They 're great , " he told reporters . "  The only thing we can say is the weather we have had for a couple of weeks is humid and cold and windy sometimes . " Elsewhere , Darcis , ranked 135 in the world , suffered an injury to his right shoulder after a fall during his landmark win over Nadal . The 29-year-old had been set to face Poland 's Lukasz Kubot in the second round , but failed to overcome the problem in time . "  I think when you beat a guy like Rafa in the first round , you want to show more , you want to play more matches . I was playing maybe the best tennis in my life here , " Darcis told reporters . "  So not to go on the court today , it 's the biggest disappointment I have had . " John Isner was another casualty after pulling out of his clash with France 's Adrian Mannarino just two games into his second round game . Isner , who won the longest match in the history of the tournament against Nicolas Mahut in 2010 , suffered a leg injury while serving early on . "  I just went to serve , and it was as I landed on my left leg , like I have done 20 million times playing this game . I just felt this sharp pain , " 18th seed Isner told reporters . "  It just grabbed really badly and I knew I was in serious trouble then . I knew at that point it was not likely I was going to be able to play . " There was also bad news for 10th seed Cilic , who had hoped to reach the later stages of the tournament following his run to the final at the Queen 's Club last week . The Croatian had hoped to face France 's Kenny de Schepper before withdrawing with a knee injury , while Radek Stepanek was forced to retire at 6-2 5-3 down to Poland 's Jerzy Janowicz after pulling his left hamstring .	World No. 2 Victoria Azarenka pulls out of Wimbledon Azarenka suffered a knee injury Monday 's first round win over Maria Joao Koehler of Portugal France 's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga also retires with ankle and wrist problems Wimbledon organizers hit back at Azarenka 's comments
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton used a foreign policy talk to weigh in on hot button political issues Wednesday , slamming a Florida pastor for his "  disgraceful " plan to burn the Quran and strongly criticizing George W. Bush 's fiscal record . Clinton warned about the long-term consequences of rising federal budget deficits , arguing that they will eventually diminish U.S. power and impair America 's ability to act effectively in the global arena . Her remarks came during an appearance before the non-partisan Council on Foreign Relations . It was her second major foreign policy speech there as secretary of state . Clinton noted that Terry Jones , the Florida pastor , is the head of a small congregation , and said she wished his plans to burn the Quran on the anniversary of the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks had n't attracted so much media attention . But sadly , "  that 's the world we live in right now , " she said . Jones 's plans could potentially harm U.S. troops , she asserted , echoing a recent warning from Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan . The pastor 's plan does n't represent broader American views on Islam , Clinton declared . "  It 's not who we are , " she said . Clinton also slammed Jones 's plans on Tuesday night at a State Department dinner in honor of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan . Jones has so far rebuffed pleas to call off the event , saying radical Islamists are the target of his message . On fiscal matters , Clinton had harsh words for Bush . Cutting taxes while fighting wars in Afghanistan and Iraq without paying for them was a "  deadly combination " in terms of "  fiscal sanity , " she said . She said that rising debt poses a national security threat in many ways , and warned that "  responsible " authorities on fiscal matters "  are not being heard right now . " "  There is no free lunch and we ca n't pretend that there is ... without doing great harm " to the country , she said . Republicans have tried to turn the tables on Democrats in recent months on the issue of fiscal responsibility , arguing that the administration 's fiscal stimulus plans have significantly added to the national debt while failing to effectively restore economic growth . Clinton also expressed frustration with the treatment of sensitive foreign policy issues in domestic politics , urging a partisan "  détente " that cuts "  across the partisan divide . " Among other things , she cited the START nuclear arms reduction treaty , which is slated to be taken up by the Senate in September but faces significant opposition among key Republicans . The treaty has become a "  political issue , " she said , but "  I wish it were n't . " The accord is seen in Europe as an important symbol of America 's commitment to work with Russia , she said . Turning to the Middle East , Clinton said she thinks we "  have a real shot " at a successful conclusion to the new Israeli-Palestinian peace talks . Clinton will travel to Egypt and Jerusalem next week for the second round of negotiations . Last week , she formally reopened the peace talks at the State Department , where , among other meetings , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas huddled alone behind closed doors for an hour and a half . On efforts to block Iran 's nuclear program , Clinton said the United States believes Tehran "  is beginning to feel the full impact " of recently imposed sanctions . "  International financial and commercial sectors are ... starting to recognize the risks of doing business with Iran , " she told the Council on Foreign Relations . Sanctions "  are the building blocks of leverage for a negotiated solution , " she said . "  We will see how Iran decides . " The United States has repeatedly lobbied other nations to step up sanctions against Iran . The European Union , Canada , Japan and South Korea are among those that have done so . Iran , however , is continuing its uranium enrichment activities in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions , according to a report released Monday by the International Atomic Energy Agency . Iran has rebuffed international demands to halt its uranium enrichment program , saying it wants the nuclear fuel for peaceful uses . IAEA officials , however , have not been convinced . Clinton said the United States is continuing to support freedom and human rights inside Iran by speaking out against the regime , and by equipping Iranians with the technological tools they need to communicate with each other and spread their views . "  We want to be helpful , but we do n't want to get in the way of it , " she said . "  So that 's the balance that we try to strike . " Clinton 's speech at the Council on Foreign Relations -- which was followed by a question-and-answer session -- touted what she characterized as the multiple successes of President Barack Obama 's foreign policy agenda . It also detailed a multi-pronged process of how the administration is putting the president 's agenda into practice . Clinton said the president 's approach includes strengthening the U.S. economy , "  ensuring we have the resources we need , " and helping other countries obtain the tools and support they need "  to solve their own problems and help solve our common problems . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib and Laurie Ure contributed to this report	Hillary Clinton calls a Florida pastor 's plans to burn the Quran "  distressful " and "  disgraceful " She warns that fiscal irresponsibility harms U.S. security Clinton urges Senate passage of the START nuclear arms reduction treaty Clinton says sanctions against Iran are starting to take hold
CNN  -- The e-mail arrived from Uzbekistan on February 26 . It was titled "  Bad News . " Abdul Dadahanov had intended to study business , but changed his mind after 9/11 , his academic adviser said . "  Dear Mama Judy , " a young woman named Aziza Dadahanov wrote in shaky English . "  Very very bad news !!! Abdul is given 8 years of prison . Today was the verdict . Now i feel myself very bad . And i ca n't write now . I am shocked . " "  It was like being kicked in the stomach , " recalled Judy Skartvedt , a retired flight attendant living in Easton , Connecticut . She knew Dadahanov 's husband , Abdul Dadahanov , as an Uzbek exchange student who had wanted to help heal people after the 9/11 attacks . She thought of him as an open-minded Muslim whom her family had hosted when he came on a scholarship to study at Fairfield University in 2001 . "  We were totally shocked that someone like Abdul could be arrested for anything , " Skartvedt said . "  We have n't stopped worrying about his safety . " The 32-year-old faces eight years in a labor camp for participation in what the Uzbekistan government says is an extremist religious organization , according to Forum 18 , a religious freedom watchdog organization The group says that Uzbek security forces arrested Dadahanov and four other men -- Bakhrom Ibrahimov , Davron Kabilov , Rovshanbek Favoyev and Botyrbek Eshkuziyev -- last summer after the men had written for an Islamic journal called Irmoq . The National Security Service reportedly claimed the magazine was "  sponsored by a Turkish radical religious movement . " Officials from the Embassy of Uzbekistan in Washington have refused to comment on the case . Forum 18 says Dadahanov and the four other Uzbek men were convicted of "  dissemination of information and materials containing ideas of religious extremism , separatism and fundamentalism , calls for pogroms or violent eviction of individuals aimed at creating panic among the population . " Human rights organizations say the convictions appear to be part of a broader crackdown in the former Soviet republic , targeting members of "  Nurchilar , " a moderate Muslim movement of Turkish origin , which follows the writing of a 19th-century Sufi Muslim theologian . "  Unfortunately this is not an unusual case , " said Igor Vorontsov , a researcher with Human Rights Watch in St. Petersburg . "  The -LSB- Uzbek -RSB- government has persisted in its persecution of independent Muslims . " Thousands of miles from the Republic of Uzbekistan , news of Dadahanov 's jail sentence has stunned academics and Christian community leaders in Connecticut . They fondly describe a committed social activist and observant Muslim , who rode between work and classes on a secondhand bicycle and spent more than a year distributing food to soup kitchens in one of America 's poorer cities . "  He had a naive trust in the goodness of human beings , " said Patty Jenson , an administrator at the Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport . "  I am shocked . I know he is there -LSB- in prison -RSB- unjustly . What is happening is unjust . " "  He was a man of his word , he was gentle and kind , " said Charlene Chambers , the director of King 's Pantry , a nonprofit organization that distributes food to homeless people in Bridgeport . "  Our common bond was feeding people who ca n't feed themselves and clothing those people who ca n't clothe themselves . " Dadahanov 's academic adviser , Katherine Kidd , said the young Uzbek originally intended to study business when he arrived at Fairfield University on a scholarship from the Open Society Institute of the Soros Foundation . That changed September 11 , 2001 . Kidd choked up as she recalled his visit to her office , hours after the terrorist attacks . "  He said , ` Dr. Kidd , I have to do something to tell people that this is not what Islam is about . ' He said , ' I want to be part of things that are done here to bring healing to people after 9/11 . ' " Dadahanov began working closely with Kidd 's husband , Pastor John Kidd , who was a Lutheran minister and the executive director of the Council of Churches of Greater Bridgeport . Pastor Kidd helped Dadahanov tour churches and work with synagogues , giving lectures on his interpretation of Islam . Dadahanov also appeared before audiences dressed in traditional Central Asian attire , in an effort to spread cultural awareness about Uzbekistan . Advisers say the young Uzbek was inspired by his interaction with church and community groups . Gradually , he shifted his academic focus from business to grassroots community service and education reform . "  He would regularly say ` Wow , how can I do this in Uzbekistan , and make my country and my community better and stronger ? ' " Katherine Kidd explained . Dadahanov helped establish a small prayer room for Muslim students at Fairfield University . He also launched a book drive , shipping secondhand books to Uzbekistan to help teach English in his home country . And he was eventually hired at the Council of Churches , and tasked with distributing Federal Emergency Management Agency funds to 26 feeding programs across Bridgeport . "  He wanted to be involved in the frontline programs , " John Kidd said . "  Ultimately , it 's sad that all these things he came to see in terms of how you build a community , how you take responsibility for the life of a community , is at least in part what put him at odds with the authorities in Uzbekistan . " When he returned to Uzbekistan in 2004 after two and a half years in Connecticut , Dadahanov set up an English-language school with friends . The school offered English lessons to young Uzbeks at an affordable price -- a remarkable achievement in a society in which the government controls almost all facets of the economy . There is little tolerance for independent grassroots activism in Uzbekistan . The country has had the same authoritarian president , Islam Karimov , since it won independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 . The State Department 's recently published 2008 human rights report states "  torture remain systemic in -LSB- Uzbekistan 's -RSB- law enforcement ... human rights activists and journalists who criticized the government continued to be subjected to harassment , arbitrary arrest , politically motivated prosecution , forced psychiatric treatment and physical attack . " Uzbek security forces frequently target religious activists . "  The government has almost a paranoia of any independent religious activity , particularly those related to Islam , " said Sean Roberts , a Central Asia expert at George Washington University . "  The Uzbek government tries to control the religious sector very similar to the way the Soviets did . They have a state Muslim board that oversees what is proper Islam - anything that falls out of that scope is seen as threatening and seditious . " The Uzbek government says it "  views the ensuring of human rights and freedoms of its citizens as its highest priority . " A statement posted on the Web site of the Embassy of Uzbekistan in Washington cited the passage of more then 120 laws and 60 international treaties aimed at improving the country 's human rights record . The Uzbek government says it is making reforms of its judicial and penitentiary system , aimed at "  prosecuting and punishing for the use of torture and other forms of ill-treatment . " Dadahanov 's former professors invited him to return on a scholarship to the United States after his arrest , and two families offered to house Dadahanov , his wife Aziza and young son Abdulrahman . Dr. Orin Grossman , Fairfield University 's academic vice president , hoped the graduate school offer would allow Uzbek authorities to release Dadahanov . "  It obviously did n't work , " he wrote in an e-mail to CNN . Accounts of appalling conditions in Uzbek prisons have worried Dadahanov 's American friends , who remember how the slim Uzbek rode to barbecues on his bicycle , carrying a giant watermelon in a backpack as a gift . The hardest part has been trying to get information from Dadahanov 's family in Tashkent . "  The government is tapping their phone and tracking their e-mail , " Katherine Kidd said . "  We 're pretty much sure neither of those is secure from the government . "	Abdul Dadahanov jailed in Uzbekistan , accused of extremist religious activities American family recalls how the man wanted to aid healing after 9/11 Rights groups say Dadahanov is victim of crackdown on "  independent Muslims " Friends in the U.S. fear for health of "  gentle , kind " man in Uzbek prisons
Washington  CNN  -- Mitt Romney has said he has no plans to run for president a third time -- but that is n't stopping voters from wanting him to hit the campaign trail again . Romney pulled the most support from Republican voters with 19 % picking him over a fray of politicians floated for the 2016 nomination , according to a Quinnipiac University poll of Americans released Wednesday . Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush came in second as 11 % of voters said they would pick him as the Republican nominee if the primary were held today . The poll offers an early look at what is expected to be a packed Republican primary battle as the GOP looks to take back the White House after eight years locked out of the nation 's top post . No Republican has officially announced a 2016 White House run , so far . Get ready : 2016 starts now While Romney nabbed the top spot among 707 Republicans surveyed following several months of stumping for candidates on the midterm campaign trail , he and his family have said it 's unlikely he 'll pursue a bid -- though he has n't shut the door on a potential run altogether . Bush is mulling a presidential bid and his brother , former President George W. Bush said he thinks the odds his brother will run are about "  50-50 . " Another Florida politician , Sen. Marco Rubio , who snagged just 2 % of support in the poll , has said he is also weighing a presidential campaign and is expected to make a decision this winter . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and conservative activist and neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson tied for third in the poll , gaining a nod from 8 % of Republican voters . Christie has widely been viewed as a top-tier contender for the nomination and was even floated as a potential candidate in 2012 . Carson has attracted a small but loyal following among the party 's conservative base , taking third place in the Conservative Political Action Conference straw poll this year -- an informal measure of the GOP base 's enthusiasm for candidates . He recently left his post as a Fox News contributor as he weighs a bid . The winner of that straw poll , Sen. Rand Paul , came in behind Christie and Carson with 6 % of Republican voters throwing him their support . And Sen. Ted Cruz , a tea party favorite , got 5 % in the poll . While respondents were split among the 15 Republican names listed in the poll , Democratic voters ' preferred candidate is unquestionably former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who pulls 57 % of support in a field of six potential candidates after 610 Democrats were surveyed . Liberal firebrand Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts came in a distant second with 13 % of support while former Sen. Jim Webb , who became the first from either party to launch a presidential exploratory committee , pulled just 1 % . Vice President Joe Biden nabbed the third spot with 9 % . Warren has excited the Democratic base and was a visible presence on the 2014 campaign trail , though she has said she does n't intend to run . Sen. Bernie Sanders , a liberal independent from Vermont , has said he is considering a presidential bid and made several trips to Iowa , an early primary state , during the 2014 campaign . Sanders attracted 4 % of support in the poll .	Mitt Romney tops the field of Republican presidential field with 19 % in new national poll Jeb Bush came in a close second with 11 % of support in the poll On the Democratic side , Clinton has a massive advantage with 57 % of support Warren comes in a distant second with 13 % of respondents picking her
