CNN  The family of Michael Brown , the teen killed last year by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson , will file a civil wrongful death lawsuit in the case "  very shortly , " attorney Anthony Gray said Thursday . Neither he nor attorney Daryl Parks would say exactly when the suit would be filed , but they said that they disagreed with the grand jury 's and the Justice Department 's decisions not to charge Wilson in the shooting . "  They have accepted  Wilson 's  self-defense , " Parks told reporters . "  We do not accept his self-defense . " The slain teen 's parents , Michael Brown Sr. and Lesley McSpadden , were in attendance at the news conference but did not speak on advice of their attorneys , Parks said . "  The last 24 hours have been tough for them , " he said . Word of the lawsuit comes a day after the Justice Department determined there was not sufficient evidence to charge Wilson in Brown 's death but found in a separate investigation that the Ferguson Police Department showed a pattern of racial bias . Brown Sr. and McSpadden released a statement Wednesday saying they were disappointed that Wilson would not face charges , but , they added , the federal report on the police department could provide a silver lining . "  We are encouraged that the DOJ will hold the Ferguson Police Department accountable for the pattern of racial bias and profiling they found in their handling of interactions with people of color , " the statement said . "  It is our hope that through this action , true change will come not only in Ferguson , but around the country . If that change happens , our son 's death will not have been in vain . " In November , a grand jury cleared Wilson and , in an uncharacteristic move in grand jury proceedings , the prosecutor released all the evidence that was considered . Gray said the civil lawsuit will rely on "  pretty much the same evidence , " but it will be cast differently . The jury in the civil lawsuit will be asked to make a determination based on a lower burden of proof -- by a preponderance of evidence , rather than beyond a reasonable doubt , Parks said . Summing up the crux of the Brown family 's case , Parks said , "  There were other alternatives available to  Wilson  . He did not have to kill Michael Brown . "	Attorney says jury in civil lawsuit will make decision based on lower burden of proof Word of the lawsuit comes a day after Justice Department declines to charge Darren Wilson
CNN  -- Tiger Woods will have a new putter in his hands as he bids to make golfing history by becoming the first player to win the British Open at the same venue three times in a row after earlier triumphs at St.Andrews in 2000 and 2005 . The troubled world number one begins his challenge at the home of golf on Thursday morning as he tees off with England 's in-form Justin Rose and Colombia 's Camilo Villegas and will have a new addition to his golf bag . Woods told gathered reporters Tuesday that he was forsaking the club which had helped him to 13 of his 14 majors in favor of a heavier putter to tackle the greens of the Old Course . "  I 've always struggled on slower greens and the one I 've gone to this week comes off faster and I 've had to make very little adjustment , " he said . Woods has played three practice rounds in windy conditions on the Scottish coast , having arrived on Sunday . The American took part in a charity pro-am event in Ireland at the beginning of last week and would normally have gone straight to St.Andrews , but instead flew home to see his two children . Woods again refused to comment on reports of a divorce settlement with his Swedish wife Elin . He went into self-imposed exile from golf at the beginning of the year after revelations of marital infidelity provoked unfavorable headlines . Facing persistent questioning from reporters on his private life , Woods claimed it would have no effect on his performance this week . "  The scandal  does n't impact it at all . I 'm here to play a championship , " Woods said . "  This is the Open Championship at St. Andrews . This is as good as it gets . It 's the home of golf . I 'm just like every other player in this field . " Woods is without a win since his return to the circuit in April , but has finished shared fourth in both the U.S Masters and the recent U.S. Open . He told his personal website that despite his winless streak , he was happy with his general game as he bids for a 15th major crown . "  I have been driving it on a string . The club feels so good in my hands , " Woods said . "  I went back to my fundamentals with my putting and my stroke feels good . " Woods won at St.Andrews in 2000 by eight shots and five in 2005 but missed the cut in last year 's British Open at Turnberry . Despite being installed as favorite with bookmakers , Woods appears to have lost his aura of invincibility , but three-time major winner Padraig Harrington said that could all change quickly . "  Tiger finishing fourth in a major is considered a failure -- it is amazing what expectations can do because in those two performances he could have won both , " he told UK 's Press Association . "  But if he comes out and wins , wins , wins then players will be intimidated by him , " he added . European Ryder Cup captain Colin Montgomerie , second to Woods on the Old Course in 2005 , also believes Woods can do a ` three-peat ' at St.Andrews if he can use his new putter to good effect . "  It would be the tough guy to bet against him on a course that is entirely suited to his strength , which is putting , " he told Press Association . Woods ' great rival Phil Mickelson is second favorite with most odds makers but comes into the tournament off the back of missing the cut in the Scottish Open at Loch Lomond and a mediocre record at the British Open , with a best of third place in 2004 . Mickelson also has another chance to overtake Woods as world number one , but only a victory and his fifth major title will definitely secure him top spot .	Tiger Woods forsakes old putter as he bids for third straight win at St.Andrews World number Woods has used the putter for 13 of his 14 major wins Woods is without a win since being embroiled in a sex scandal Fellow American Phil Mickelson is challenging Woods for top spot in rankings
CNN  A leader of pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk region said Friday he is not interested in a truce with the Ukrainian government in Kiev because his troops are on the offensive . "  Since we 're attacking , there is no sense to have peace talks now , " Aleksandr Zakharchenko , leader of the self-proclaimed People 's Republic of Donetsk , said in a meeting with university students , according to his media office . "  We 've made this mistake before . It 's not decent to repeat it , " he said . Thousands have been killed in months of conflict between the rebels and Ukrainian troops , and a ceasefire agreed to in September crumbled long ago . Zakharchenko 's comments came two days after the foreign ministers of Ukraine and Russia met in Berlin to discuss a way out of the violence . But Zakharchenko showed no interest in the talks . "  There will be no attempts from our side to talk about the ceasefire , " he said , reported Russian state news agency RIA . "  We will be on the offensive until we reach the border of Donetsk region . " He said that he was interested in cooperating with Ukraine on prisoner exchanges . "  We need to get our guys who 've been captured , " he said , according to RIA . Despite the talks in Berlin , violence in the breakaway Donetsk and Luhansk regions in eastern Ukraine shows no signs of abating . Power is out in and around Luhansk after militants shelled a power plant there , Luhansk regional official Hennady Moskal told Ukraine 's state-run Ukrinform news agency . Moskal noted that the local water supply and boilers are off , and trolley buses are n't operating . Thursday 's shelling of a transit stop in Donetsk city -- an attack that Ukraine 's Defense Ministry blamed on rebels -- killed eight civilians , according to state news reports . But Ukrainian troops have come under heavy fire , as well . That includes 115 attacks in a recent 24-hour period that killed three troops and wounded 50 more , Ukrinform reported Friday . The news agency said that "  Russian-terrorist troops " faced off with Ukrainian soldiers Thursday along Bakhumtka Highway , even posting a picture that showed a man with stripes on his clothing , suggesting that he was part of the Russian military . This is in line with Kiev 's repeated assertions that Russia has not only actively supported rebels with arms , but has sent its own troops across the border to battle Ukrainian forces . On Wednesday , for instance , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said that "  more than 9,000 Russian troops  crossed  our Russian-Ukrainian border , bring with them hundreds and hundreds of tanks , armed personnel carriers , and killing Ukrainian civilians and attacking Ukrainian troops . " Claims that Russian forces entered Ukraine ` complete rubbish , ' Russia says Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov promptly responded to this assertion with a firm denial , much like other denials made by Russian officials in recent months over similar allegations of armed intervention . "  As to the flow of troops and armaments , this is not the first time we hear something like that , " he said . "  And each time I hear that , I say if you 're so confident about that , please present us with facts , but no one has been able to provide us with these facts . " Russian forces , equipment enter Ukraine , PM says Pro-Russian separatists have claimed control of parts of eastern Ukraine since the spring of 2014 , despite a push by Ukrainian forces to defeat them . From mid-April to January 21 , the conflict had killed at least 5,086 people and injured at least 10,948 others , said the United Nations . "  We fear that the real figure may be considerably higher , " the Office of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights said about the death toll in a report released Friday . At least 262 people were killed in the fighting from January 13 through Wednesday alone , the report said . Unrest in Ukraine began with protests in the country 's capital last year after President Viktor Yanukovych , favoring closer ties to Russia , dropped plans to sign a political and economic agreement with the European Union . After months of protests and days of deadly clashes between demonstrators and security personnel in Kiev , Parliament ousted Yanukovych in February . Weeks later , Russia annexed the Crimean Peninsula . Then in April , violence broke out in two Ukrainian regions that border Russia -- Donetsk and Luhansk -- as separatist leaders declared independence from the government in Kiev .	Aleksandr Zakharchenko : No sense in talking peace since we 're on the offensive Zakharchenko is the leader of rebels in eastern Ukraine 's Donetsk region He says he still wants prisoner exchanges
CNN  -- So now the world knows that Buzz Bissinger likes to shop . Really likes it . In a detailed essay in GQ magazine , the famous writer confessed to spending more than $ 600,000 in the past two years . "  Is this for real ? " -- you may wonder . Could a man be so into clothing he would shell out that much money to worship at the temple of Gucci ? Believe it or not , shopping can be an addiction . Upwards of 6 % of the U.S. adult population shops compulsively , and most are women . It tends to start early in the teen years or early 20s , and it can rapidly become chronic . For some people , shopping is a major leisure activity . For others , it can be like nicotine , alcohol or other drugs . In other words , those addicted to shopping find it difficult or even impossible to quit . These are the compulsive shoppers whose lives are organized around a variety of shopping experiences . Buzz may or may not fit the bill , but he acknowledges his shopping is a problem : "  It is n't drugs or gambling ... but there are similarities . " Most compulsive shoppers are ordinary people , although the problem has been noted among the rich and powerful for hundreds of years . Famous examples include : -- Marie Antoinette , during the turbulent time before the French Revolution , was known for her extravagances . -- Mary Todd Lincoln had spending binges that greatly distressed her husband . -- Publisher and magnate William Randolph Hearst had an insatiable appetite for art and antiques that nearly drove him to bankruptcy during the Great Depression in the 1930s . -- Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis , known for her personal charm and great fashion sense , was an obsessive shopper whose uncontrolled behavior dismayed both of her husbands . Some might assume compulsive shopping is relatively recent -- perhaps a product of Madison Avenue . But the disorder has always been around , manifesting itself in various forms . It is also found worldwide , except perhaps among the world 's poor . It is a clinical disorder ? Compulsive shopping was described over a century ago by German psychiatrist Emil Kraepelin . Even today , his description remains fresh . Apart from the dated language , it could have been written yesterday . Its hallmark is excessive shopping and spending behavior that leads to a sense of personal distress . It often impairs a person 's life in some way  finances , marriage , family  . Compulsive shoppers have reported experiencing a sense of tension or anxiety before buying and feeling a sense of relief after a purchase . They tend to spend many hours each week shopping and spending . Most tend to focus on clothes and shoes and seem to be intensely interested in fashion and design . Compulsive shopping has little to do with income , though money does determine the shopping venue . Ordinary Iowans , for example , shop compulsively at discount stores rather than Saks Fifth Avenue . And because the Internet allows shopping 24/7 , its impact on shopping addiction can be considerable . Most compulsive shoppers have other problems as well , including depression , anxiety or other addictions , including compulsive sexual behavior , Internet addiction or compulsive gambling . These disorders "  travel " together , so to speak . There is no special "  shopping " personality , though I hear patients from time to time say they have an "  addictive " personality . The good news is that we know a lot more about compulsive shopping than 20 years ago . The bad news is that we have no standard treatments . That said , cognitive therapy as pioneered by Dr. April Benson can be effective in curbing shopping appetites . To those who call seeking advice , I tell them : Do n't shop alone and get rid of your credit cards and checkbooks . For those who shop on the Internet , either stop your Internet service or put your home computer in the kitchen or other place where family members can see it and will try to temper your enthusiasm . You must try and find other meaningful ways to spend your time . Get to it ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donald W. Black .	Donald Black : Upwards of 6 % of the U.S. adult population shops compulsively Black : Most compulsive shoppers are women ; addiction tends to start at early age He says most compulsive shoppers have depression or anxiety Black : Even though there 's no treatment , there are ways to curb shopping appetites
Hillary Clinton told reporters Sunday that the purpose of her return to Iowa for the first time in over six years was "  to support candidates . " But 2016 's presidential politics were everywhere on a sun-soaked field in Indianola , Iowa . Clinton captured the sentiment best herself with a joke from the stage of the 37th and final Harkin Steak Fry : "  Hello Iowa . I 'm back ! " Clinton left Iowa in 2008 after finishing a disappointing third place in the Iowa caucus . Six years have changed things , though , and Clinton has been followed by the possibility of running for president since she stepped down as secretary of state in 2013 . Polls show her as the prohibitive favorite for the nomination , and her visit to Iowa this weekend has raised the specter even higher that she will likely run for president . From the stage on Sunday , Clinton admitted the 2016 question is on her mind . "  It is true , I am thinking about it , " Clinton said to a roaring applause . "  But for today , that is not why I am here . I am here first and foremost for Tom -LSB- Harkin -RSB- , for Ruth -LSB- his wife -RSB- and for the great candidates that you have a chance to elect . " The crowd reacted with unhappy groans , some yelled "  Just do it ! " Organizers and Clinton supporters went to lengths to stress that the former first family was simply coming to Iowa to honor Sen. Tom Harkin -- who is retiring at the end of the year -- and help raise money for Democrats in the state . Signs reading "  Thank You Tom " encircled the idyllic field where the steak fry was held and candidates running for office spoke before Clinton . Clinton talks up fellow Democrats Clinton herself was also clear to endorse and talk-up Democrats running in Iowa , including Senate hopeful Bruce Braley . The former first family headlined a fundraiser before the steak fry with the candidates , where they spoke to donors about the importance of electing Democrats . "  I hope this whole event helps Bruce , because he should be the next senator , " Clinton told reporters at the steak fry . "  He 's got the record , he 's got the commitment . He 's got the right values . He should be the next senator . " But 2016 -- and the possibility of Clinton running -- touched every part of the steak fry . It was a large reason 6,200 people attended and 200 journalists covered the event , according to organizers . It was also the reason a number of former Clinton aides traveled to Iowa , filtering through the crowd , chatting with Iowa activists . Part fundraiser , part pep rally , part barbecue , the event has become a must-stop for Democrats thinking about running for president and is widely seen as the biggest annual event in Iowa politics . Despite the name , steaks are grilled , not fried , and it is customary for headliners to flip steaks for themselves . Clinton stuck with tradition on Sunday , flipping a steak with her husband , former president Bill Clinton , who chose to flip veggie burgers . Other than that , much of the event broke with the traditions Clinton has been following since leaving the State Department . ` In just 50 days , Iowans have a choice to make ' Hillary Clinton 's speech was markedly different than the ones she generally gives on the paid speaking circuit . Gone were many of the stories of her personal history , instead Clinton focused on the differences between Democrats and Republicans and spoke at length about women 's rights . "  Now , think about it , in just 50 days , Iowans have a choice to make , " she said . "  A choice between the guardians of gridlock and the champions of shared opportunity and shared prosperity . A chance to elect leaders who will carry on Tom Harkin 's legacy of fighting for hard working families . " In her last year on the paid speaking circuit , Clinton and her aides have kept the media largely at arms length , rarely answering questions from the gaggle of journalists following her . On Sunday , she shirked that tradition . After flipping steaks , she ventured over the a swarm of media cameras and reporters . "  It is fabulous to be back . I love Iowa , " Hillary Clinton said to questions about 2016 . "  I first came to Iowa when I was around , I was either 9 or 10 , and we were with my dad and we went to Des Moines and we stayed at a place called the Tall Corn Motel . " Asked about whether she was running in 2016 , Clinton said , "  we are just here to support candidates , " adding later that she hopes to increase turnout with her visit . "  If people turn out , we will actually win these midterm elections , " Clinton said . "  This is about the people running right now . " Compared with Bill Clinton , however , Hillary Clinton talked with reporters for a short amount of time . The former President entertained questions about midterm races and the future of the Senate before he was pulled away by aides and Secret Service agents . Bill Clinton also addressed his wife 's possible presidential bid . Asked whether Clinton was liberal enough to win Iowa , a question raised by the fact that other presidential hopefuls such as Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders and Vice President Joe Biden are all coming to Iowa with positions left of Hillary Clinton , the former president answered affirmatively . "  I won it twice , " BIll Clinton said , referring to his results in 1992 and 1996 . "  Yea , I think so . I think what people want is somebody who is both a genuine progressive and will bring people together and produce shared prosperity . " Asked whether Hillary Clinton was that person , the normally wordy former president was silent . Clinton returns to Iowa : Fresh start or deja vu ?	Hillary Clinton tells Iowa crowd at Harkin Steak Fry : "  I 'm back ! " She says she 's thinking about 2016 run , but is there to support Democratic candidates Some in the crowd groan and yell , "  Just do it ! "
CNN  -- Taiwan 's government has threatened legal action after one of its taekwondo athletes was disqualified at the Asian Games in China . Olympic bronze medallist Yang Shu-chun was leading during a match in the women 's 49 kilogram division on Tuesday when it was halted due to claims she had used extra electronic sensors in her socks . Taiwan 's minister of sports affairs , Tai Hsia-ling , told reporters in Guangzhou that the island would take the case to the International Court of Justice unless it received "  a reasonable answer " from the Asian Taekwondo Union , the Tapei-based Central News Agency reported . CNA said that Taiwan 's Premier Wu Den-yih asked Tai 's office to question the fairness of the ruling . Yang , who led Vietnamese opponent Vu Thi Hau 9-0 when the match was halted , was left in tears after the decision and a subsequent appeal to World Taekwondo Federation was rejected , the Taipei Times reported . "  This was an extremely unfair decision . I do n't know what was wrong . All of my electronic protective equipment followed official specifications , " she said on Wednesday . "  I brought two pairs of WTF-certified socks with me . The Chinese examiner asked me to scrap the first pair , but the second pair passed the examination . "  Before the start of -LSB- yesterday 's -RSB- bout , the chief judge carefully examined all the equipment on my body and did not raise any questions . " Coach Liu Yung-lung said : "  Even though the model was different , the judge did not find fault with it before the bout . If the judge had brought up the problem at the start , Yang Shu-chun could have changed her socks . "  This was negligence on the part of the organizers . Individual athletes should not have to pay for the authorities ' problems . " Meanwhile , China leads the medal table after day five with 97 golds and 172 overall . South Korea was second with 29 golds ahead of Japan  17  , North Korea and Iran  both five  and Taiwan  four  . China won the team tennis title for the first time in 24 years , beating defending champions South Korea 2-1 thanks to victories by Wimbledon semifinalist Li Na and Peng Shuai . South Korean swimmer Park Tae-Hwan claimed his third freestyle gold of the week , adding the 100m title to his earlier victories in the 200m and 400m distances . The 21-year-old Olympic 400m champion , who won a record seven medals in Doha four years ago , collected his fifth medal of the week . China , however , have taken 22 out of a possible 32 golds going into the final day in the pool , with Tang Li claiming her fourth title with victory in the women 's 100m freestyle .	Martial artist Yang Shu-chun disqualified at Asian Games for having illegal socks Taekwondo match was halted as judges said she had extra electronic sensors Taiwan officials fail with immediate appeal to World Taekwondo Union Sports minister will take matter to international court unless explanation is given
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- An oil pipeline struck by an explosion in a volatile region of southern Yemen Tuesday is operated by a South Korean company , Yonhap news agency reported , citing local authorities and company officials . Officials believe attackers might have carried out a strike that caused a leak in the 204-kilometer pipeline operated by the state-owned Korea National Oil Corp  KNOC  . The blast took place in an oil field in Shabwa province that produces 10,000 barrels of oil a day , the agency reported . Explosives were found near the site and news reports are linking al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  to the incident . Yonhap says KNOC has been developing oil fields on four sites in Yemen since 2007 , and the Korean Embassy in Yemen says it is working with local authorities to come up with a cause of the blast . U.S. officials believe that AQAP is behind the recent plot to send bombs from Yemen to the United States and the pipeline incident comes as troops attempt to capture U.S.-born militant Anwar al-Awlaki in the Shabwa region . The group is based in Yemen , which has emerged as a major operating base for al Qaeda and other terror groups . Yemeni authorities are intensifying operations to capture U.S.-born al-Awlaki , according to a senior Yemeni government official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media . Al-Awlaki -- who has not been linked to the recent plot -- is regarded by the United States as a terrorist and propagandist who has become an important operational figure within AQAP . U.S. officials have confirmed that he is on a CIA and military hit list to be captured or killed .	The incident occurred in Shabwa province Anwar al-Awlaki is believed to be in the region
CNN  -- Lori Raines and her mother were hunting for deals at post-Christmas sales in 2009 when Raines ' left leg involuntarily turned inward and an excruciating pain shot through it . At first , she thought the pain was the result of a 2005 operation to fix a herniated disc in her lower back . It was n't . As a massage therapist , yoga instructor , aspiring artist and mother , she could not afford to lose mobility . But within a couple of days , Raines was practically bedridden . She began taking a number of medicines and steroids that changed her personality , caused friends to abandon her and destroyed her marriage . But nothing stopped the pain or involuntary movement in her leg . "  I lost everything , " she says . Finally , eight months and about 30 doctors ' opinions later , she was diagnosed with dystonia , a little-known but the third most common movement disorder . "  If you have something invisible going on , then it 's all subjective , " the 41-year-old says . "  Dystonia does n't show up on MRIs and it does n't show up on tests . " Raines has n't been able to work , slowly watching dystonia spread from her legs to her arms to her neck . Forced to get around on crutches or in a power chair , the former dancer is mostly confined to her Hendersonville , North Carolina , home . "  You do n't die from dystonia , " she says . "  But you want to . It 's sort of like a life sentence , as opposed to a death sentence . " Dystonia is often cloaked in mystery and can take years to diagnose . In most cases , dystonia 's cause is unknown , and there is no cure . Patients and medical professionals agree dystonia awareness lags far behind other movement disorders such as Parkinson 's disease and multiple sclerosis . Dystonia is "  characterized by sustained or intermittent muscle contractions causing abnormal , often repetitive , movements , postures , or both , " according to the article "  Phenomenology and classification of dystonia : A consensus update , " published this year by an international panel of dystonia researchers . Dystonia can be divided into primary and secondary types , says Dr. H.A. Jinnah , director of the Dystonia Coalition and professor in the department of neurology , pediatrics and human genetics at Emory University . It is difficult to quantify exactly how many people suffer from it . Under the National Institutes of Health guidelines , Jinnah says pure or primary dystonia is identified as a rare disorder , but mixed or secondary dystonia occurs frequently . Combining the two classifications makes dystonia a common disorder , he says , "  because we would have to include cerebral palsy , Parkinson 's disease and a whole load of others . " There are two common treatments for dystonia ; neurotoxin injections , such as Botox , and deep brain stimulation , which requires an operation to place a neurostimulator in the brain . The stimulator sends electrical currents to parts of the brain that control muscle movement . Certain forms of dystonia have been linked to genetics , environmental or brain damage . But scientists are still trying to determine exactly what causes the disorder . "  What all of us would like , and most especially our patients , is a medication so that they do n't have to get injections or brain surgery , " Jinnah says . "  That requires that we know something about the cause . " Cervical dystonia , which causes the neck and sometimes the shoulders to contract involuntarily into uncomfortable positions , is the most common form . Cris Rogers , 46 , says he believes he developed cervical dystonia due to birth complications . He did n't begin experiencing symptoms until his teens and was n't properly diagnosed until he was 36 . "  Even world-class orthopedists missed this diagnosis by a country mile , " he says . Rogers calls having cervical dystonia a "  gift " compared with other forms out there . He is able to treat it with quarterly Botox injections . "  There is an emotional aspect to dystonia that people do n't get , " he says . "  You feel hopeless . " Yet there is no guarantee the Botox will always be an effective treatment . "  If you have relief and the symptoms return , that is a level of pain that is hard to describe , " he says . "  Because you know what it is like to feel good . " Rogers is a member of the Facebook page Neuronauts , a closed dystonia support group with about 650 members that Raines created in 2012 . Raines says she encouraged the Neuronauts to post their stories on CNN 's iReport in honor of Dystonia Awareness Month . "  We are isolated as a whole , " she says of the group and people who suffer from dystonia . "  We have no support . We have no money . We 're just trying to keep ourselves alive . " Michele Weber , a mother of two who has a Ph.D. in political science , is also a Neuronauts member . Like Raines , she has multiple forms of dystonia that affect her neck , limbs and facial muscles . She began experiencing symptoms as a child and started seeking medical opinions in her 20s . But Weber says she was n't diagnosed until her 40s . "  Dystonia  is devastating to people socially and economically , " the 47-year-old says . "  We 're not the glamour illness . We do n't have the celebrity spokesman . " Weber 's peers are often shocked to hear she works as a financial adviser , an "  assumption " that her visible symptoms are indicative of "  lesser intelligence , " she says . She bucks her natural tendency to keep personal issues private because she believes raising awareness is key to advancing treatment and a cure . "  Until I know that everybody is diagnosed or have adequate treatments , I 'll keep being a big mouth about this , " she says . Like Rogers , Weber considers herself fortunate because she has her husband 's support and quality care from a doctor she trusts . Her symptoms constantly limit basic abilities such as using her hands and legs . "  I am disabled -- no more , no less , " she says . "  All of our abilities are temporary . " All three agree that the medical community 's lack of understanding of dystonia contributes to the public 's lack of awareness . Dystonia 's wide variety of forms has caused a lag in research and treatment , says Dr. Mahlon DeLong , medical director of the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation and professor of neurology at Emory . "  There was a period of time in the '50s , '60s and '70s when physicians thought this could be psychogenic , " he says , meaning it originated in the mind . "  It was a very unfortunate time . " DeLong says that the medical community now understands dystonia 's symptoms are not psychological and that the recent discovery of new genes creates opportunities for advancements in treatment -- and may lead eventually to finding a cure . "  We 're beginning to understand the molecular disturbances in the brain , " he says . Identifying the genes that may be involved in dystonia will allow researchers to learn about their different mutations , Jinnah says . These findings will then enable scientists to understand better how the mutations alter patients ' biochemistry and how the mutations affect the brain 's normal neurological functions . But DeLong also says that not all forms of dystonia are genetic and so gene mapping is not necessarily a Rosetta stone for grasping dystonia . "  I think we 're on the edge of discovery and better therapy , " DeLong says . "  Some of the new approaches that are coming out will prove very affective for dystonia . " More funding and research can not come soon enough for Raines , who says her pain is constantly fluctuating between a four and an eight on a scale of 10 . She can still drive short distances , getting out about three times a week to go grocery shopping and take her son to school . In August , she will enter her first art show since being diagnosed with dystonia . But she devotes the rest of her time to supporting and encouraging fellow Neuronauts . She says people diagnosed with dystonia need to vocalize what they are going through . "  My background is all about expressiveness and being creative , " she says . "  The more you can express yourself , the more healthy you are on a cellular level . "	Dystonia is often cloaked in mystery and difficult to diagnose Though it 's the third most common movement disorder , few people understand it Dystonia 's cause is mostly unknown , and there is no cure for it "  You do n't die from dystonia , " one woman says , "  but you want to "
CNN  -- Residents of a western Pennsylvania neighborhood can return home Sunday after a chemical leak forced them to evacuate the night before . Hundreds of residents were forced to flee Saturday after a chemical leak in Petrolia , Pennsylvania . Authorities surveyed the neighborhood in Petrolia and determined that no traces of the toxic chemical remained , said Freda Tarbell , spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection . A leak at the Indspec Chemical Corp. plant in Petrolia on Saturday formed a cloud affecting at least 2,000 residents -- some of whom fled their homes . Others huddled indoors with their windows shut , authorities said . Three people were taken to hospitals , but officials could not immediately say why . Watch why residents were asked to evacuate " It was not immediately clear how many people were injured , though plant manager Dave Dorko said all employees and inspectors at the plant were safe and accounted for . Tarbell described the chemical as fuming sulfuric acid , which is also known as oleum . The plant uses the chemical during its production process , she said . The plant produces a chemical called Resorcinol -- essentially a strong glue used in the tire industry . The leak affected between 2,000 and 2,500 residents , Tarbell said . Some stayed the night with friends and relatives and some sought refuge in shelters . Others opted to stay indoors and "  shut their windows and doors to make sure the acid cloud was not entering their home , " she said . Ed Schrecengost , a former Indspec employee , said firefighters showed up at his son 's wedding reception , urging the guests to leave . "  It 's about as dangerous as you can get , " Schrecengost told CNN affiliate WPXI . "  It 's a very fuming acid . A quart bottle of this material could fill a household in two seconds . " Dorko said the leak was caused by an overflow from a tank . The material , he said , evaporates easily , creating a toxic cloud . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Environmental official says area surveyed , no traces of chemical remain Toxic cloud forms Saturday after chemical leak at Pennsylvania plant Three residents taken to hospital ; extent of injuries not known
CNN  -- Who would n't be interested in a choose-your-own-adventure sex farce or "  Top Gun : The Musicial " ? Those are just two of the performances on tap at fringe festivals this summer . Such festivals have their roots in Scotland . Upon its launch in 1947 , the Edinburgh International Festival of performing arts was eclipsed by a more grassroots event . In makeshift venues around the city -- "  round the fringe " of the official performing arts festival , one journalist put it -- artists began mounting small-scale , independent performances . The "  fringe festival " concept was born . This freewheeling style of celebrating the arts is finally gaining a foothold in America : the U.S. Association of Fringe Festivals lists 24 annual events in its directory ; of these , half are 5 years old or less . Fringes are generally distinguished by short , unconventional performances , low-cost tickets and a large share of ticket sales returned to artists . Many open their stages to amateurs as well as seasoned acts . "  Fringes are supposed to be risky , even for the organizers . Otherwise , what 's the fun ? " asks Atlanta Fringe 's Chris Alonzo . Most festivals sell buttons or badges for a small fee that act as a festival pass ; individual shows are priced separately . Here are nine U.S. fringes you might dip into for your dose of culture this summer : Orlando International Fringe May 14-27 in Orlando Perhaps appropriately , given its Disney proximity , the country 's longest-running fringe also encompasses the largest kids ' fringe in the United States . It 's also notable for its international reputation for "  innovative LGBT content , " says festival producer Michael Marinaccio . This year 's tag line is "  Over 100 Shows Rated G Through OMG . " Among them , all chosen by lottery : a "  choose-your-own-adventure sex farce , " a historical magic show and a play about a soul-searching Aqua Man . Buttons are $ 9 ; show tickets are $ 3 - $ 11 . www.orlandofringe.org PortFringe June 24-29 in Portland , Maine Since 2012 , tourists have had another reason to descend on Maine in summer . Portland 's PortFringe includes 60 acts and more than 100 performances , held in a variety of bars and clubs as well as theaters . With staggered show times , patrons can be seen "  running from one venue to another ... -LSB- it 's -RSB- a level of energy and excitement you do n't normally associate with theater , " says co-founder Deirdre Fulton . Acts are selected by lottery , with local artists heavily represented ; the tentative schedule ranges from puppet improv to "  The Rantings of a Very Hungry Frenchman " who hands out cheese samples . Tickets are $ 10 , with discounts on multishow passes . www.portfringe.com Hollywood Fringe June 12-29 in Los Angeles Taking a "  free-for-all approach , " this California festival does not select artists , but instead facilitates cooperation between would-be performers and willing venues . With more than 800 performances and 17,000 seats , its menu is extensive ; this year 's includes a TED Talks-skewering play called "  Death by PowerPoint " and a one-woman "  comedy tell-a-thon/telethon " dedicated to "  Combating Adult Virginity . " Shows are held at small theaters , studios and cafes ; buttons are $ 5 and get you $ 1 off tickets , with other perks . Performers and venues determine show length as well as ticket prices  generally $ 10 - $ 15  ; many shows have pay-what-you-will performances . hollywoodfringe.org Capital Fringe July 10-27 in Washington Taking place within three downtown blocks in Washington , Capital Fringe is headquartered with offices and a pop-up "  gypsy tent bar " near Mount Vernon Square . This year , a series of inaugural site-specific works have been selected , such as Madeleine Cutrona 's "  Bargain Basement University , " a peddler 's cart Cutrona will use to distribute "  advanced degrees " to passersby around town . Buttons are $ 5 in advance , $ 7 during the festival ; show tickets $ 17 . www.capitalfringe.org St. Lou Fringe June 18-22 in St. Louis "  Hyperlocally focused , " according to founder and executive director Em Piro , the St. Lou Fringe is concentrated into just a few clustered venues in an effort to bring the larger St. Louis community together . "  We 're trying to build that critical mass , " Piro said . "  We want people to come to the grounds and linger . " Selection is determined through a mixture of first-come , first-served and lottery . This year 's offerings include a didgeridoo performance , an improvised biography by a comedy troupe and a burlesque show entitled "  A Pastie Home Companion . " Badges are $ 5 ; tickets are $ 12 or less . www.stlfringe.com Minnesota Fringe Festival July 31-August 10 in Minneapolis and St. Paul Since its 1993 founding , this Twin Cities festival has remained uncensored and uncurated . This year 's lineup includes a Bollywood dance show , a Tennessee Williams adaptation and "  Top Gun : The Musical . " "  It 's not uncommon to see groups of people  often strangers  huddled in a lobby or on the sidewalk exchanging reviews ... or trying to figure out what the must-see show of the festival is , " says Executive Director Jeff Larson . Tickets are $ 12 adults , $ 5 children ; adults also need a $ 4 button . www.fringefestival.org Atlanta Fringe Festival June 5-8 in Atlanta This festival picks acts out of an honest-to-goodness hat . The idea is to ensure "  that the festival is n't limited by our own personal biases , " says marketing manager Alonzo . This year 22 shows will cover belly dancing , stand-up comedy and cabaret , among other genres . A preview party on the eve of the festival offers three-minute excerpts from each show . Buttons are $ 3 and are good for Atlanta arts discounts year round ; tickets are $ 10 . www.atlantafringe.org New York International Fringe Festival August 8-24 in New York Not surprisingly , the city that 's home to the Off-Off Broadway movement -- a reaction to large , commercial theater -- hosts the country 's biggest fringe . Like New York , this festival is busy , encompassing 1,200 performances ; it 's also high stakes , with commercial producers and casting agents scouting around  festival alums include Bradley Cooper and Mindy Kaling  . Entry is adjudicated , with about 20 % of applicant companies accepted to perform . Established writers , directors and actors participate , but ticket prices are still low by New York standards : $ 15 in advance , $ 18 at the door . Shows cover everything from multimedia and mime to opera and ballet ; full schedule announced in July . www.fringenyc.org Sideshow Fringe July 31-August 3 in Nashville This Nashville festival takes its name from its area of special emphasis : variety and circus arts . "  We have been fortunate to have a strong community of aerial dancers , jugglers , puppeteers and more that join us each festival , " says program director Jessika Malone . Previously open-access , entry is now juried except for three lottery-determined spots  lineup TBA  . Buttons are $ 5 ; tickets are $ 10 . www.sideshowfringe.com	U.S. fringe festivals showcase unconventional performances "  Fringes are supposed to be risky , " says one festival organizer Edinburgh 's festival is the grandfather of fringe
Can you be pro-life and pro-death penalty ? It 's a question more than one person I know is asking after Oklahoma 's botched execution of Clayton Lockett . Not necessarily because of the way Oklahoma tortuously executed the convicted killer , but because of the hard-core way some reacted to Lockett 's execution . Like Mike Christian . The pro-life Oklahoma state representative told The Associated Press , "  I realize this may sound harsh , but as a father and former lawman , I really do n't care if it 's by lethal injection , by the electric chair , firing squad , hanging , the guillotine or being fed to the lions . " He also threatened to impeach judges who dared delay executions for any reason . This is from a man who is so strongly pro-life he voted for eight bills in four years to prevent women in Oklahoma from terminating their pregnancies , or , as many who oppose abortion say , "  killing babies . " Color me confused . So , Rep. Christian says it 's OK to kill , unless you 're a woman who wants to end her pregnancy ? As I told my friends during a heated debate last weekend , that smacks of hypocrisy . The only nonhypocritical viewpoint , I argued , exists in the Catholic Church . Catholics believe in the "  Consistent Ethic of Life . " As Georgetown 's Father Thomas Reese puts it , "  we are concerned about a person from womb to tomb . " "  Life is something that comes from God and should n't be taken away by man , " Reese told me . Put simply , the Catholic Church opposes abortion and the death penalty . Period . Except nothing in life is that simple . Especially our collective views on the death penalty and abortion . If you ask a Southern Baptist , he or she will likely tell you the Catholic Church is wrong . "  There is no contradiction here , " R. Albert Mohler , president of The Southern Baptist Theological Seminary , told me , referring to Rep. Christian 's underlying position . Christian 's words were "  careless , " and do n't "  reflect any Biblical ... defense of the death penalty , " he says , but it does not defy logic if Christian is pro-life and pro-death penalty . "  It 's not an eye-for-an-eye kind of thing , " explained Mohler . "  Retribution is not the same as a demand for justice . In Genesis 9 , God speaks to Noah after the flood . When someone takes human life , they forfeit their own life . " So , I asked , "  Should a woman who 's had an abortion forfeit her own life ? " Mohler emphatically answered , "  no . " Lockett deserved to die , he said , because the act of murder "  was taken in wanton disregard of the life taken and given the nature of the crime , this individual has forfeited his right to live . "  Lockett not only raped and shot his victim , but ordered his accomplice to bury her alive . Do n't get me wrong ; pro-lifers could argue that pro-choice , anti-death penalty believers are inconsistent , too . How can you choose to end life , but adamantly oppose the death penalty ? Apparently , consistency is not America 's strong suit . According to a 2010 study , only about 8 % of Americans oppose abortion and the death penalty under all circumstances . James Unnever , professor of criminology at the University of South Florida Sarasota-Manatee , co-authored the study . He expected his test results to show a consistent belief system in all kinds of premeditated death . In other words , if you believe in the sanctity of life , you would be opposed to euthanasia , the death penalty and abortion . Turned out , that was not remotely true . "  From a religious position , the Catholic faith is the most consistent life ethic , " Unnever says . "  Religion is only one factor that affects using the death penalty . " The other factor , he says , is politics . "  When you get people who are against abortion and for the death penalty , that 's not as much a religious effect as a politics effect . Politics trumps any religion . " Jacinta Gau , professor of criminal justice at the University of Central Florida , co-authored two studies on attitudes about abortion and capital punishment . She was also surprised by the inconsistency many showed toward life issues . Of those who strongly oppose abortion , yet strongly approve of the death penalty , Gau says : "  What seems to link those two attitudes together is related to fundamentalism , a literal interpretation of the Bible , and an inflexible way of viewing society in general , " Gau says . "  I 'm not sure they really view it as a contradiction . There 's a punitive attitude toward this -- kind of like if you do n't want a child , do n't engage in risky sexual behavior ; if you kill someone , you deserve death . " And Gau says pro-choice , anti-death penalty believers also do n't see a contradiction . Those who are pro-choice do n't "  see abortion as ending a life , " she says . "  The death penalty becomes completely separate for the pro-choice people , because it 's about a woman 's right to choose . " Truth told , the "  Consistent Ethic of Life , " is relatively new to the Catholic Church . For centuries , the church supported capital punishment . But passionate pro-life and death penalty foes , such as Sister Helen Prejean , convinced the church that "  helping to kill a defenseless person " in any circumstance is wrong . "  What 's more innocent than an unborn baby ? " Prejean told me . "  It 's easy to be against that . " Then Prejean went for the jugular . The people who commit terrible crimes , "  Could you kill them ? If there 's a part of you who ca n't say yes to that , then you ca n't say yes to the death penalty . " I must admit I was humbled by Prejean 's question . Couple that with the fact we can now lock up violent criminals for life and I , again , find myself arguing for the "  Consistent Ethic of Life . " As for Mohler , the Southern Baptist leader , he offered me this final thought : "  If I had the opportunity to trade the death penalty for the affirmation of protection of the life of the unborn , I 'd take it in a second . " Let the debate rage on .	Carol Costello : Can you be pro-life and pro-death penalty at the same time ? She says one Oklahoma state representative is OK with executions but strongly pro-life Catholic Church has "  consistent ethic of life , " opposing abortion and the death penalty Costello : Only a small minority of Americans are consistent on the two issues
CNN  -- NBC 's medical correspondent Dr. Nancy Snyderman has issued an apology after she reportedly violated the quarantine her team was placed in when their cameraman contracted Ebola . During the NBC Nightly News broadcast on Monday , anchor Brian Williams read out the following statement from Snyderman : "  While under voluntary quarantine guidelines , which called for our team to avoid public contact for 21 days , members of our group violated those guidelines and understand that our quarantine is now mandatory until 21 days have passed . We remain healthy and our temperatures are normal . "  As a health professional I know that we have no symptoms and pose no risk to the public , but I am deeply sorry for the concerns this episode caused . We are thrilled that Ashoka  Mukpo  is getting better and our thoughts continue to be with the thousands affected by Ebola whose stories we all went to cover . " Trip to Liberia Snyderman and her team went into a 21-day voluntary isolation after Mukpo , their freelance cameraman , was found to have contracted Ebola . The team had been in Liberia , a hotspot for the outbreak . Mukpo is recovering at the Nebraska Medical Center where he is receiving an experimental drug called brincidofovir , or CMX001 . Twenty one days is standard length for quarantine because that 's how long the disease 's incubation period is . But the NBC crew apparently broke its word . Takeout order The website Planet Princeton reported that Snyderman went to a restaurant to pick up a takeout order . Shortly after , the New Jersey Department of Health mandated the crew remain quarantined . "  Unfortunately , the NBC crew violated this agreement and so the Department of Health Friday evening issued a mandatory quarantine order to ensure that the crew will remain confined until October 22 , " the health department said . "  The NBC crew remains symptom-free , so there is no reason for concern of exposure to the community , " it read . Expressing appreciation Meanwhile , Mukpo posted a status update on his Facebook page Monday , thanking everyone for their concerns . "  There have been some dark and profoundly frightening moments in this ordeal , but I want everyone to know that your good energy , love , and support was felt in a very direct way over these last two weeks , " he wrote . I wo n't ever know exactly when I slipped up and contracted the virus . I had been taking precautions but obviously they were n't enough . "	"  We remain healthy and our temperatures are normal , " she says Cameraman Mukpo is recovering Snyderman was reportedly seen picking up takeout The team is now under a mandatory quarantine
CNN  -- Protected rainforests , Maya ruins , Caribbean beaches and the longest barrier reef in the western hemisphere . Add English as the official language and the widely accepted U.S. dollar , and you can get a great vacation on easy mode in Belize . Still , with so much to do , it can become a lot of work to fit it all in . Travelzoo editor Andrew Young recommends taking on just a little bit of this country in the heart of Central America at a time , and offers this list of his five top spots to get you started . The Blue Hole Just off the coast of Belize lies an underwater paradise for novice snorkelers and veteran divers . The Blue Hole is world-renowned as an open-water diving spot . During the Pleistocene era , the Blue Hole was a giant cave on dry land . The stalactites and stalagmites remain and are staggering sights through the crystal blue water . Ambergris Caye Ambergris Caye is the largest island of Belize , accessible via a small airplane from the mainland of Belize . Believe it or not , the best way to tour Ambergris Caye is by golf cart . Drive around and stop to see mangrove trees , the Belize Barrier Reef that almost touches the shore and lagoons teeming with crocodiles . Maya ruins of Lamanai Some use Belize as the entry point to Tikal , the famed ruins in Guatemala , but it is also home to several ancient Maya cities . One of the more interesting is Lamanai , which was still occupied by the Maya when the Spanish first arrived . The cultural collision is forever noted here , between the pyramids and the ruins of two Spanish churches . Caves Branch River tubing Geologists recently stumbled across a vast subterranean network of Maya ceremonial caves . At the Nohoch Che'en Caves Branch Archeological Reserve , guides will lead you across jungle pools to the caverns filled with artifacts like sacrificial skeletons . The spiritual underwater history lesson is a must-do . Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary Interested in the chance see a jaguar up close and personal ? The Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary is the world 's first jaguar sanctuary . And , it 's also a campground where you can pitch your tent , go hiking , and listen to a symphony of jungle sounds .	The Blue Hole is world-renowned as an open-water diving spot The best way to tour Ambergris Caye is by golf cart Lamanai was still occupied by the Maya when the Spanish first arrived
HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- Reality television featuring law enforcement officers on the beat is nothing new . A show featuring a lawman who makes jailed inmates wear pink underwear and uses actors to trick suspects , however , is a new twist . Maricopa Co. . Sheriff Joe Arpaio now has his own TV show , "  Smile : You 're Under Arrest . " Maricopa County , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio -- whose showy brand of justice has raised charges of discrimination and civil-rights abuses while making him a hero among fans of his tough-on-crime attitudes -- will star in "  Smile : You 're Under Arrest . " The show , which premiers this weekend on Fox Reality Channel , features Arpaio and other officers using elaborate ploys crafted by comedy writers and carried out by professional actors to arrest suspects with outstanding warrants . In one , a suspect is invited to a fake fashion shoot and told he 's going to become a supermodel , according to Fox Reality 's Web site . In another , a suspect is tricked into what he thinks is a job as a movie extra and , after a staged argument between the film 's "  director " and another actor , gets promoted to the starring role . "  It 's kind of fun to show how stupid they are and , as I say , the looks on their face , " Arpaio , 76 , said of the suspects wanted for DUIs , drug charges , missed court dates and other offenses . Watch Arpaio explain his methods " But Arpaio 's critics are n't amused . They say they fear the show will give the controversial sheriff positive publicity , ignoring what they call a darker side to his 16-year tenure as top lawman in the county that includes Phoenix . "  It 's going to celebrate a sheriff that 's frankly scaring this community , a sheriff that has seen violent crime increase significantly in his county , a sheriff that is racially profiling the Latino community , and I doubt that the show is going to reflect that , " said Paco Fabian , spokesman for the immigrant-rights group America 's Voice . In a statement on the group 's Web site , Fabian calls Arpaio a "  modern day Bull Connor , " comparing him to the public safety commissioner in 1960s Birmingham , Alabama , whose use of attack dogs and firehoses on civil rights demonstrators made him a symbol of racial intolerance . Dubbed "  America 's Toughest Sheriff , " Arpaio makes many of his county 's 10,000 or so inmates live in tents . He reinstituted chain gangs -- including crews for women and juveniles -- banned smoking , coffee and movies in his jails and , most recently , moved to require all inmates with money in their jail accounts to pay for their own meals . And then , of course , there 's the pink underwear . "  They were stealing the white underwear , smuggling the underwear out of the jail , " Arpaio told CNN . "  So you know what ? Give them pink . The other reason is they hate pink . Why would you give the 10,000 inmates the color they like ? " Earlier this year , the mayor of Phoenix wrote a letter to the U.S. attorney general 's office , asking the FBI and the U.S. Justice Department 's civil rights division to investigate Arpaio 's aggressive illegal immigration crackdowns . Mayor Phil Brown wrote that Arpaio 's sweeps show "  a pattern and practice of conduct that includes discriminatory harassment , improper stops , searches and arrests . " The letter came after Arpaio , who had already been the target of hundreds of lawsuits , launched a series of what he calls crime-suppression patrols in largely Latino neighborhoods . Critics say the patrols use racial profiling to unfairly target Hispanic drivers and pedestrians , while Arpaio says they have resulted in the deportation of hundreds of illegal immigrants , including some with criminal records . "  We are the only ones cracking down on the state 's human smuggling law , " Arpaio said . Fabian said America 's Voice is considering putting pressure on companies that advertise during Arpaio 's show . Either way , the series offers another moment in the spotlight for a lawman who has never shied away from it . "  I 'm not going to brag , " Arpaio said , "  but there is n't anybody in the world who does n't know who this sheriff is . " CNN 's Brooke Anderson and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Maricopa Co. , Arizona , Sheriff Joe Arpaio now has own TV show Arpaio proud of sometimes unorthodox methods , has been criticized for them Show , "  Smile : You 're Under Arrest , " gets people with outstanding warrants
CNN  -- He 's the man who rolled into a bedroom in Abbottabad , Pakistan , raised his gun and shot Osama bin Laden three times in the forehead . Nearly two years later , the SEAL Team Six member is a secret celebrity with nothing to show for the deed ; no job , no pension , no recognition outside a small circle of colleagues . Journalist Phil Bronstein profiled the man in the March issue of Esquire , calling him only the Shooter -- a husband , father and SEAL Team Six member who says he happened to pull the trigger on the notorious terrorist . It 's a detailed account of how the raid unfolded , and what comes after for those involved . The headline splashed across the cover reads , "  The man who killed Osama bin Laden ... is screwed . " In a statement the Navy responded : "  We have no information to corroborate these new assertions . We take seriously the safety and security of our people , as well as our responsibility to assist sailors making a transition to civilian life . Without more information about this particular case , it would be difficult to determine the degree to which our transition programs succeeded . " "  They spent , in the case of the shooter , 16 years doing exactly what they 're trained to do , which is going out on these missions , deployment after deployment , killing people on a regular basis , " said Bronstein , executive chairman of the Center for Investigative Reporting . "  They finally get to the point where they do n't want to do that anymore . " Bronstein reported that the man left SEAL Team Six in September . His family 's health care coverage ceased . Because he retired before the 20-year mark , he gets no pension . The Shooter is judicious about the details of his story and has n't been involved in dramatic books , movies or video games that will make millions for some . It 's out of loyalty to his work and concern about his family 's safety , Bronstein said . The shooter worries what could happen if his name went public , like Matt Bissonnette , the SEAL whose identity was revealed after he published the book "  No Easy Day " using a pseudonym . CNN ca n't verify the account in Esquire , or the one in Bissonnette 's book . Bronstein reported that the Shooter was offered some witness protection , but no such program exists yet . Home life is a struggle , too . The Shooter and his wife are separated , Bronstein wrote , although they live in the same house -- "  on very friendly , even loving terms " -- to save money . He has done consulting work , Bronstein told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , but it 's not clear how long it will last . "  They suddenly find themselves trying to translate into a civilian world that they 're not used , and they have n't been used to for decades , " Bronstein said . "  I think he has nightmares about how he 's going to support his family , and how he 's going to feed his family . " Watch The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer weekdays at 4pm to 6pm ET and Saturdays at 6pm ET . For the latest from The Situation Room click here .	Navy SEAL who shot Osama bin Laden has no military pension or health care , report says Journalist Phil Bronstein profiles man he calls the Shooter in the March issue of Esquire Bronstein : "  He has nightmares about how he 's going to support his family "
CNN  -- From Superstorm Sandy and last year 's drought to tornadoes , wildfires and a hurricane , the weather and climate disasters of 2012 caused more than $ 110 billion in damages , making it one of the costliest years on record for weather events , national climate data show . There were 11 disaster events last year , each one causing more than $ 1 billion in damages , the National Climatic Data Center said . Since 1980 , only 2005 had a higher damage total at $ 160 billion , according to the center , which is part of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The two most expensive disasters were Sandy , which caused about $ 65 billion in losses , and the yearlong drought , which cost about $ 30 billion , the center said . The drought , which affected more than half the country for most of 2012 , also led to several wildfires and a fatal heatwave , the center said . Among the other major disasters of 2012 were tornadoes in the Southeast , Ohio Valley , Texas and the Midwest , along with Hurricane Isaac and severe storms across the country .	There were 11 major disaster events last year Each one cost more than $ 1 billion in damages Superstorm Sandy and the yearlong drought were the costliest
CNN  -- Ukraine 's high court rejected an appeal Wednesday by former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , who had challenged her conviction on charges of abuse of authority . She is serving a seven-year prison sentence after she was found guilty of the charges in October . A Ukrainian court said she signed overpriced gas contracts with Russia . The gas deals inflicted damages to the country amounting to more than 1.5 billion hryvnias  almost $ 185 million at the current exchange rate  , the court said , ruling she must repay the money . "  I am disappointed to hear that Yuliya Tymoshenko 's final domestic appeal against her October 2011 conviction has been turned down , " David Lidington , British foreign office minister for Europe , said Wednesday . "  The UK will continue to press Ukraine to end selective justice and to ensure that the opposition is able to participate fully in free and fair parliamentary elections in October . " Amnesty International slammed the verdict as "  politically motivated " and called for the release of Tymoshenko , who was prime minister from January to September 2005 , and December 2007 to March 2010 . At the time , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also called for her release and that of other members of her government "  and the restoration of their full civil and political rights . " State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Wednesday Washington was "  disappointed by this decision " to reject Tymoshenko 's appeal and urged the Ukraine government to let her go . In April , Tymoshenko went on a three-week hunger strike to draw attention to "  violence and lack of rights " in her country after she said she was beaten unconscious in prison . The prosecutor said his office investigated her claim of abuse and found no proof to substantiate her allegations , but European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said in April that the Ukrainian Ombudsperson 's Office confirmed the report . EU : Ukraine 's Tymoshenko beaten in prison Ashton called on Ukraine "  to examine promptly and impartially any complaints of torture or other forms of cruel , inhuman or degrading treatment . " Clinton also expressed concern over her treatment , saying in May that photos released by the Ombudsperson 's Office "  further call into question the conditions of her confinement . " CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. State Department says it 's disappointed by the ruling Yulia Tymoshenko 's sentence remains at seven years She is found guilty of signing overpriced gas contracts with Russia She was on a three-week hunger strike in late April and early May
CNN  -- Topless ladies ? That 's so passe . The nation 's strip clubs are in a period of peak innovation . Portland , Oregon , laid claim to the first vegan strip club , Casa Diablo . The first drive-through strip club , Climax Gentleman 's Club , popped up outside of Pittsburgh  it 's now defunct  . Now Ohio is home to the first beer-brewing nudie bar . Pinups and Pints is located , appropriately enough , in a strip mall outside of Dayton , and according to the Dayton City Paper , it 's the first strip club microbrewery in America . Behind the main stage and stripper pole sits the 15-gallon brewing system , where club owner Scott Conrad makes batches of the club 's signature suds . He decided to start the club after taking note of the area 's growing beer scene -- and discovering that a liquor license was more attainable for a microbrewery . "  I feel I am definitely creating a niche to the market " Conrad told CNN , adding that he is "  definitely ahead of the curve when it comes to adult entertainment . " Conrad had no brewing experience going into this venture , but with some trial and error in his garage and help from local craft brewer Toxic Brewing , he is getting some positive feedback on the beer and plenty of support from the area 's brewing community . He describes Pinup Pale Ale , the club 's first and only offering , as very approachable , appealing to Bud drinkers as well as craft beer aficionados . However , do n't expect to see huge stainless steel fermentation tanks on the brewery tour quite yet though ; brewing the beer is something that Conrad takes seriously . "  You got ta get good before you can get creative , " he said . Kevin J. Gray assessed the beer for his Dayton City Paper story and noted , "  Pinup Pale Ale was a solid pale ale , a good start on a new system . " Gray told CNN , "  The Dayton beer scene has exploded in the last two years . Prior to 2012 , there were no breweries in the area . Now , Pinups and Pints makes the twelfth microbrewery opening in the greater Dayton area in the last two years . " Dancers are still the marquee act at Pinups and Pints , but according to Conrad , more and more customers are coming in to check out the beer . "  Those who normally would not go to traditional clubs are starting to come here to try the brew , plus enjoy the entertainment aspect , " said K.C. , a bartender and server at the club . "  Personally , I really enjoy the fact I get to come to work and watch the process and all of the hard work put into each keg , " she added . Conrad finds that his main challenge so far is keeping up with the demand for the beer . He puts in many long days brewing in addition to running the club and finds , "  It is a lot of hard work , but I enjoy the challenge . " Exotic dancers , neon lights and small-batch beers are , so far for Pints and Pinups , a combo just bubbling over with success .	Pinups and Pints owner Scott Conrad noticed a beer boom around Dayton He decided to brew his own beer behind the stage Customers still come in for the dancers , but they 're also drinking up Conrad says he is "  ahead of the curve " for adult entertainment
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- Colombian military intelligence used the Red Cross emblem in a rescue operation in which leftist guerrillas were duped into handing over 15 hostages , according to unpublished photographs and video viewed by CNN . What seems to be part of a red cross is seen on a bib worn by a man involved in the rescue in this official image . Photographs of the Colombian military intelligence-led team that spearheaded the rescue , shown to CNN by a confidential military source , show one man wearing a bib with the Red Cross symbol . The military source said the three photos were taken moments before the mission took off to persuade the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia rebels to release the hostages to a supposed international aid group for transport to another rebel area . Such a use of the Red Cross emblem could constitute a "  war crime " under the Geneva Conventions and international humanitarian law and could endanger humanitarian workers in the future , according to international legal expert Mark Ellis , executive director of the International Bar Association . "  It is clear that the conventions are very strict regarding use of the symbol because of what it represents : impartiality , neutrality . The fear is that any misuse of the symbol would weaken that neutrality and would weaken the -LSB- Red Cross -RSB- , " Ellis said . Watch possible misuse of emblem " "  If you use the emblem in a deceitful way , generally the conventions say it would be a breach . -LSB- Based on the information as explained to me , -RSB- the way that the images show the Red Cross emblem being used could be distinguished as a war crime , " he added . The unpublished video and photos of the mission , hailed internationally as a daring success , were shown to CNN by a military source looking to sell the material . CNN declined to buy the material at the price being asked ; it was therefore unable to verify the authenticity of the images . Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and his top generals have categorically denied that international humanitarian symbols were used in the July 2 rescue mission that freed the prized hostages , who included former presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , three U.S. military contractors and 11 Colombian police and soldiers . The hostages had endured years of harsh captivity and deprivation in jungle camps since being captured or kidnapped . Some were held for as long as 10 years . The rescue ruse also included bogus communications , sent electronically and by human couriers , to convince FARC rebels that superiors were ordering them to hand over hostages to the group posing as aid workers for transfer to another rebel camp . On Monday , government and military spokesmen reiterated that all logos and emblems used in the operation had been invented and that no genuine symbols had been used . Misuse of the Red Cross emblem is governed by articles 37 , 38 and 85 of Additional Protocol One to the Geneva Conventions , the international rules of war . The articles prohibit "  feigning of protected status by the use of ... emblems " of neutral parties and say that such misuses are considered breaches of international humanitarian law that qualify as a "  war crime . " Colombia signed the Geneva Conventions in 1949 . That prohibition was put in place to protect the neutrality of the International Committee of the Red Cross and the United Nations in an armed conflict and to guarantee their access to all sides . Use of those emblems by one side of a conflict , for example , could endanger aid workers because those on another side might no longer trust that symbols they see really represent those humanitarian organizations . An ICRC spokesman in Bogota said the organization had been in "  an ongoing confidential dialogue " with the Colombian government about the report that the emblem may have been used in the operation . Among the photos shown to CNN are some bearing a date stamp of July 2 , taken at an unidentified landing site in the jungle alongside a farm house . In one of those photographs , about 15 members of a Colombian military intelligence-led team pose for a photo alongside a helicopter . One of the members , dressed in a dark red T-shirt or polo shirt , khaki cargo pants and a black-and-white Arab-style scarf , also wears a bib of the type worn by Red Cross workers . The bib bears the Red Cross symbol in the center of two black circles on a white background . In the space between the two black circles appear in capital letters the French words "  Comite International Geneve "  International Committee Geneva  . The same man is standing in the doorway of the helicopter , a Russian-made MI-17 painted white and orange , in another photo . In a third photo , he is pictured walking near the helicopter still wearing the bib . The same man pictured in the photos can be seen fleetingly in a heavily edited video of the rescue mission issued to the media by the Defense Ministry two days after the hostages were freed . In one frame , part of what appears to be the Red Cross bib is visible as the man wearing it stands in a jungle clearing alongside guerrilla commanders Gerardo Antonio Aguilar , alias Cesar , and Alexander Farfan , known as Enrique Gafas , who were captured in the operation . The red blur of a Red Cross can be seen and part of the two black circles of the emblem and the capital letters "  EVE " . Those are also the last three letters of word Geneve  Geneva  , which appears on the official ICRC emblem and bib . In two other frames of the officially released video , the same man , dressed in the same clothes as in the pre-departure photos , can be seen still wearing the predominantly white bib tied at the sides . In those shots the ICRC logo is not visible . The unpublished video also reveals an emblem that bears the Spanish words "  Mision Internacional Humanitaria "  International Humanitarian Mission  and a stylized red bird made up of wavy red lines above two curved branches of blue leaves . In the 3 1/2 - minute video of the operation issued by the military , emblems pasted on the side of the rescue helicopter can not be seen . But in the unpublished video and photos shown to CNN , emblems measuring about one square meter  one square yard  are pasted onto the outside of the chopper . The same emblem appears on the Web site for Mision Internacional Humanitaria , which describes itself as a non-governmental organization based in Barcelona , Spain , that "  works to improve the processes of development to guarantee equality of opportunity for individuals and peoples . " Although the site says the group is registered with the Spanish Interior Ministry and the regional Department of Justice , the site is littered with misspellings , and the telephone number that 's listed is 000000000 . CNN was unable to contact the group to verify its existence . The group 's Web site could not be accessed early Tuesday . Additional video clips show how the emblems on the side of the helicopter were stripped off and burned once the rescue mission had been completed . The fate of the bib is not clear from the clips . In a brief statement Monday , the media spokesman for the Red Cross mission in Bogota reiterated that the group had not been officially involved in the rescue operation . "  The International Committee of the Red Cross can not confirm that its logo and/or the Red Cross emblem were used , " the spokesman said . "  The ICRC maintains an ongoing confidential dialogue with the Colombian authorities on a variety of humanitarian issues , including news reports that the Red Cross emblem may have been used in this operation . " Uribe , Colombian Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos , armed forces chief Gen. Freddy Padilla and army chief Gen. Mario Montoya all categorically stated immediately after the rescue operation that no genuine international humanitarian emblems had been used or misused . In a nationally televised news conference , Uribe asked Betancourt whether she had seen any emblems on the helicopter that came to pick her and the other hostages up . She replied that she had not and that the lack of markings had puzzled her . "  After all these years of guerrilla war , we have become experts in identifying who is before us , " she answered . "  That 's why I said it was very strange to me . I said , ` Well , what is this ? A helicopter , a white helicopter . Red Cross ? No . France ? No . ' There was no flag . There was nothing ; there was no sign anywhere . " In the official video released by the military , the man wearing what appeared to be a Red Cross bib is standing alongside Betancourt and another rescued hostage just before they board the rescue helicopter . That is in the part of the video in which the logo is blurred and not readily identifiable . Both of Colombia 's two main guerrilla armies , the FARC and the smaller National Liberation Army , have been known to misuse the Red Cross symbol , sometimes transporting fighters in ambulances . The Colombian government frequently makes international denunciations of rebel violations of international humanitarian law . The International Committee of the Red Cross and the Red Cross and Red Crescent societies around the world are highly respected international and national organizations , especially for their work in combat zones . Their statutes establish a position of strict neutrality in a conflict , which guarantees their ability to bring humanitarian aid to all sides in a conflict . Other national and international aid organizations do not have such strict rules on neutrality and operating procedures . International humanitarian law , partly enshrined in the Geneva Conventions , is seen as a systematic attempt to establish certain rules of war and limit the savagery of conflict . The laws seek to set clear distinctions between warring factions , neutral parties and civilians and what rights and responsibilities each of these has in a combat zone . Additional Protocol One and the articles referring to the misuse of international emblems technically refers to international armed conflicts . But signatory nations as well as the International Committee of the Red Cross also consider it a benchmark for internal conflicts , such as the four-decade-old war in Colombia . Other photos shown to CNN indicate how little was done to disguise equipment used in the rescue . The two military MI-17 helicopters used in the rescue were repainted white and orange without removing armor-plated panels positioned around the outside of the cockpit . Another shot shows the pilots wearing what appear to be military pilots ' helmets that have been repainted white with orange or red V-shaped stripes . The helmets still have prominent mounts on the front used for attaching night vision goggles . One other video clip shows the two guerrilla commanders , who had boarded the helicopter with their hostages , carried out of the chopper over the shoulders of two men the CNN source identified as plain-clothes military personnel . The rebels were blindfolded and partially stripped . As they were dumped on the ground , they appeared groggy and stunned . Before the departure of the operation , two soldiers in camouflage uniforms can be seen on the farm where the helicopters were staged , chasing a chicken and stunning it with a stun gun .	Photos from miltary source show man wearing bib with Red Cross logo Such misuse of symbol could be violation of Geneva Conventions Expert says misuse of Red Cross emblem could endanger real aid workers Colombia has denied using international symbols in its July 2 rescue ruse
CNN  -- In a New Delhi hospital , a two-year-old girl is fighting for her life after a teenager brought her there three weeks ago , unconscious with severe head injuries and bruises , fractured arms and human bite marks covering her tiny body . All of India began following her ordeal through newspapers and television . Doctors operated on the toddler , opened up her airways and placed her on a ventilator . They named her Falak , which means sky . Her condition remains critical , said Dr. Sumit Sinha of the India Institute of Medical Sciences . No one knows whether she will survive or if she does , whether she will live with permanent brain damage . But that 's just the tip of the story . With each day , it becomes more sordid . Once police began investigating Baby Falak 's back story , they unearthed a suspected ring of human trafficking . The details sparked new outrage among authorities and the public alike , who say the case raises a host of questions about child abandonment , exploitation and the poor treatment of girls and women in the world 's second most populous nation . "  This has turned out to be one of the biggest sex rackets involving minors and child prostitution and sale of women for marriage , " said Raaj Mangal Prasad , head of India 's Child Welfare Committee . "  This shows this is a classic case where the magnitude of trafficking has come to light . " Indians came to know of Baby Falak after a distraught teenage girl , only 14 , brought the baby to the hospital , claiming to be her mother . On the night of January 17 , the baby just kept crying and crying , the teenager told the Child Welfare Committee in New Delhi . Angered by the tantrum , the girl slapped the baby three or four times -- and bit her . A while later , she said , the baby slipped on a wet bathroom floor and fell on her face . The girl tied a bandage around the baby 's head but the wound began to swell . The next day , when the baby did not wake up , the girl took her to the hospital . The doctors said Baby Falak was bruised the color of eggplant and beets . She was in a coma . They did not believe the girl 's story . Nor that she was Falak 's biological mother . "  My personal opinion would be that it does n't look like a simple case of falling down , " said Dr. Deepak Agarwal , a neurosurgeon at the hospital . She was referred to a juvenile center for counseling and police launched an investigation . South Delhi deputy Police Commissioner Chhaya Sharma formed five teams to fan out across India to track down Falak 's real family . What police learned in the subsequent weeks was shocking . The teenage girl ran away from home last June to escape abuse from her alcoholic father . The father failed to pay rent , his landlady told CNN 's sister network CNN-IBN . A neighbor described him beating his daughter so hard that her red welts were readily visible . "  I have seen with my own eyes how her father used to beat her up with a stick , " Vikram told CNN-IBN . But her escape led the teenager to more trouble . She told authorities two people , Sandeep and Arti , forced her into a life of prostitution ; that Sandeep allegedly raped her first for three days before he found her customers , according CNN-IBN . Months later , the girl met a man named Rajkumar and the two began living together in a New Delhi slum . Police suspect he , too , was sexually abusing the girl . The girl told authorities that Rajkumar brought Baby Falak home in November . It 's unclear whether the baby was abused then but on that January night , Falak almost died . "  Once victim hurting another victim because there is no sense of hope , sense of survival they can see for themselves , " psychiatrist Achal Bhagat told CNN-IBN . In the western state of Rajasthan , police eventually tracked down Munni , 22 , the woman believed to be Falak 's biological mother . She had been abandoned by her first husband and sold off in marriage when she was 16 to a young man from a Rajasthani village , Sharma said . She was valued at $ 6,000 , according to The Times of India . Munni left her three children behind . "  The family life was very disturbed , " Sharma said . "  She was convinced that she would not be able to raise Falak on her own . " While Munni 's youngest fought for her life in the hospital , police found her other daughter in the state of Bihar , many miles from Delhi and Rajasthan . Her son 's whereabouts are still not known . Police scored a breakthrough in the case Friday when they were able to nab Rajkumar , the man they believe is central to the possible trafficking ring . He was caught absconding at the New Delhi train station , Sharma said at a news conference . In all , police have arrested 10 people so far who are believed to have profited greatly from their crimes . They are still probing . No one knows how many babies were abandoned , how many women were married off for a price or how many girls were forced to sell their bodies . The case prompted India 's home ministry to review police reports and consider action and reignited national debate on a serious problem in India . A 2011 TrustLaw danger poll ranked India as the fourth most dangerous place on earth for women , behind Afghanistan , Democratic Republic of Congo and neighboring Pakistan . The survey said 100 million women and girls are involved in prostitution and 50 million are "  missing " in the last century because of female feticide and infanticide . Almost 45 % of girls are married off before they reach adulthood . Prasad of the Child Welfare Committee called the problem "  huge . " He said India needs more comprehensive laws on the books and stronger enforcement . This sort of thing happens all too often , Prasad said , and sadly , flies under the radar of a majority of India 's 1.2 billion people . But now , a hapless child fighting very publicly for her life has thrust an ugly side of Indian society into the national spotlight .	Baby Falak is fighting for her life in a New Delhi hospital A teenage girl brought her there with severe injuries A police probe is unearthing a possible human trafficking ring 10 people have been arrested in a case that could be huge
Mashable  -- Facebook is testing a series of cosmetic changes to the top of users ' Timelines , the company has confirmed . Screenshots of the new design were posted on Talking Points Memo Tuesday morning . The images show a condensed version of Timeline , in which a user 's details  name , occupation , education , location  appear in reverse type on top of  $ " rather than below  $ " the cover photo . The carousel of thumbnail images highlighting friends , photos , places , likes , etc. has also been compressed . Images are now replaced by thumbnails . Next to these , a new "  Summary " section appears , presumably to highlight key events on a user 's Timeline . It 's not clear if the new design will give users greater control over the appearance of their Timelines . We 're curious to know , for instance , whether users will be able to modify the color of the type that appears on top of their cover photos . What do you think of the new design ? Do you like the reverse type ? Would you miss the thumbnail images if they were removed ?  2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook confirms it 's testing changes to Timeline Changes including user 's profile info appearing on cover photo Screenshots of the design were posted on Talking Points Memo
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- New Orleans is richer than it was before Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005 , but largely because many of its poor have not returned since the storm , according to a report released Wednesday . Average wages are up , "  knowledge-based " jobs are gaining ground on the area 's traditional blue-collar economy and basic services like schools and hospitals are improving , New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu told reporters . "  But there are also some sobering and thoughtful statistics about how far we have to go , " he said . While the poverty rate of 23 percent is the lowest since 1979 , that 's nearly double the national average of 13 percent , according to figures from the Greater New Orleans Community Data Center and the Brookings Institution . And many of the city 's poor residents have either moved to the suburbs or have n't returned to the area , the report 's authors said . "  It 's the dispersion of the impoverished population in general and the struggles that folks have had to return is probably the main factor , " said Allison Plyer , of the Community Data Center . And while the number of poor people in the city has fallen by about half , to about 68,000 , the number of poor people living in the six suburban parishes is up , to about 93,000 , Plyer said . Since the storm , the metro area 's population has rebounded to about 90 percent of the 1.3 million who lived there before the hurricane , according to Wednesday 's report . The central city 's population of about 355,000 is about is 78 percent of the pre-storm figure , and it 's more middle-class and slightly less African-American and Hispanic than before , according to the report . The city 's non-white population remains a solid majority , but dropped from 72 percent in 2000 census figures to 69 percent currently , the report states . The non-white population grew slightly in the suburbs , from an estimated 43 percent in 2000 to 45 percent currently , according to the report . Katrina killed more than 1,800 people on the Gulf Coast when it struck near the Louisiana-Mississippi state line on August 29 , 2005 . Most of the dead were in and around New Orleans , where more than three-quarters of the city flooded after its protective levees failed . Nearly 300,000 people were displaced , and the disaster turned a harsh light on a city that had seen its traditional economy -- based on oil , shipbuilding and tourism -- shrivel since the 1980s . As a result , more of the area 's economy is based on white-collar fields like higher education , legal services and education , the report found . Landrieu said those fields and innovative new industries are where the region 's future lies . "  Relying on raw materials is important , " he said . "  But what you do with them and how you transform them by adding value to them is where our future economic success is going to be , as opposed to just extracting raw material . There is a better way , there is a higher way , and it 's all for the most part based on knowledge . " Housing costs , which went up sharply when the storm destroyed so much of the city , are still high . Nearly 60 percent of city households and 45 percent of those in the suburbs pay more than 35 percent of their income for shelter , Plyer said . But in part because of the reconstruction effort , New Orleans was sheltered from the worst of the recession that began in late 2007 , the report states . And researchers found the people who live there are more engaged in civic life than before , and have demanded reforms of institutions once considered hopelessly broken or corrupt . "  In general , higher numbers of New Orleanians are participating in public meetings and processes and are now more likely than residents of other cities to attend public meetings where city affairs are discussed , " the report states . Residents "  have demanded and pursued systemic changes in key community and government institutions that were failing to deliver optimal results for citizens and taxpayers , " such as health care , schools and the courts , it concluded .	Report examines New Orleans five years after Katrina Wages up , poverty down , but many poor did n't return Mayor says a "  knowledge-based " economy is the city 's future Metro population is 90 percent of pre-storm figure ; city at 78 percent
CNN  -- Every dog has his day , but Sir Lancelot -- or at least his carbon copy -- has a second one . Edgar and Nina Otto show off 10-week-old Lancey , a clone of "  the most human of any dog we 've ever had . " A Boca Raton , Florida , couple paid a California firm $ 155,000 to clone their beloved Labrador retriever , who died from cancer a year ago . The clone , a 10-week-old puppy dubbed Lancey , was hand-delivered to them earlier this week by Lou Hawthorne , chairman of BioArts International , a biotechnology company . "  One minute with Lancey and you know he 's special . He 's both extremely aware and very sweet , " Hawthorne said in a BioArts statement . Edgar and Nina Otto said they began thinking about cloning Sir Lancelot about five years ago . "  I said ` Well , you know , it would n't hurt to have his DNA frozen , ' and that 's what we did , " Nina Otto told CNN affiliate WPBF . The Ottos were one of five families to bid and win a BioArts auction for a chance to clone their family dog , according to a BioArts statement . Lancey is the world 's first commercially cloned dog , the company said ; the Ottos are the first of six current clients to receive their clone . Sir Lancelot 's DNA sample was sent to the Sooam Biotech Research Foundation in Seoul , South Korea , which provides cloning services to BioArts . Researchers there put the DNA into an egg , and Lancey was born November 18 , according to BioArts . The Ottos said they have had many beloved dogs over the years -- and have nine others currently -- but maintain Sir Lancelot was special . "  Sir Lancelot was the most human of any dog we 've ever had , " Edgar Otto said in the BioArts statement . "  He was a prince among dogs . " In an interview with WPBF , Edgar Otto said Sir Lancelot "  was a very , very , very special dog to us . And we 've given a lot more to the Humane Society than we 've ever spent on this project . " Watch the Ottos talk about Lancelot and Lancey " For its part , the Humane Society of the United States says it 's against the commercial cloning of animals . "  Given the current pet overpopulation problem , which costs millions of animals their lives and millions in public tax dollars each year , the cloning of pets has no social value and in fact may lead to increased animal suffering , " the organization said on its Web site . "  For those looking to replace a lost pet , cloning will not create an animal identical to the one who is gone ; cloning can not replicate an animal 's uniqueness . Cloning can only replicate the pet 's genetics , which influence but do not determine his physical attributes or personality . " The Ottos , however , said replicating Sir Lancelot 's genetics is enough for them . Edgar Otto said he realizes Lancey might not be just like their departed dog , but "  if he 's different , we 're not going to love him any less . " Edgar Otto is the son of the late Edwin Otto , who was part of the founding of NASCAR and a "  motorsports pioneer , " according to www.ottomotorsports.com .	Couple won auction to clone family dog , biotech company says Lancey is world 's first commercially cloned dog , company says DNA of deceased dog sent to S. Korea , and cloned puppy born November 18 Humane Society says it 's against commercial cloning of animals
CNN  -- The Georgia company whose peanut products have been blamed for a nationwide salmonella outbreak shipped some products even though they had tested positive for the bacteria and no other tests indicated they were safe , the Food and Drug Administration said Friday . The FDA confirmed Friday the Peanut Corp. 's Blakely , Georgia , plant shipped tainted product without retesting . Previously , Peanut Corporation of America had said it shipped products only after subsequent tests on them came back negative . Items made with its peanut products have been linked to more than 500 cases of illness , including eight deaths . The agency said the company 's management told FDA inspectors last month during an inspection of the plant that they shipped products that first had tested positive for salmonella , but only if they later had tested negative . But , it said , "  FDA determined that certain information provided by PCA management during the inspection was not consistent with the subsequent analysis of the company 's records . " As a result , the agency amended its report Thursday . "  In some situations the firm received a positive salmonella test result , followed by a later negative result , and then shipped the products , " said the FDA report , which was included in an e-mail to CNN . "  In some other situations , the firm shipped the products -LSB- which had already tested positive -RSB- before it had received the -LSB- second -RSB- positive test results . " Watch Senate hearing on food safety amid peanut recall " In some cases , it said , "  no additional testing appears to have been done . " No one from the company returned a call seeking comment . Federal authorities have initiated a criminal investigation into the company .	Government confirms PCA shipped salmonella-tainted product without further testing PCA had said it shipped products only after subsequent tests returned negative FDA : Data provided by company "  not consistent with the subsequent analysis "
CNN  -- Protesters demanding that the newly installed military government step aside clashed with security forces in Burkina Faso 's capital on Sunday as regional leaders pleaded for calm . After the resignation of President Blaise Compaore -- who himself faced violent protests over his desire to extend his 27-year rule -- Burkina Faso 's military took power . On Sunday , a huge crowd gathered in Ouagadougou , protesting the military government and demanding the return to constitutional rule . Gunfire erupted during clashes between the protesters and security forces near the location of the state news television channel , local journalist Ouezen Louis Oulon told CNN . On Saturday , the military consolidated its support behind Lt. Col. Isaac Yacouba Zida , who will serve as interim President until elections can be held . On Sunday , as the protests renewed , the African Union and the Economic Community of West African States called for peace and an orderly transition to democracy . Compaore resigned as President after initially vowing to stay until elections could be held , despite violent protests to his desire to extend his lengthy rule . His decision to step down "  opens the necessary political space for all the stakeholders to work together to find a lasting resolution to the crisis facing the country , " the head of the African Union , Dr. Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma , said in a statement . The African Union 's Peace and Security Council will hold a meeting on Monday to discuss the crisis in Burkina Faso . Dlamini-Zuma said she prefers an agreement that will lead to a civilian-led transition toward elections for a new government . She called on Burkina Faso 's military to place themselves at the disposal of civilian authorities . ECOWAS Chairman John Dramani Mahama offered a more general assessment , calling for all parties to "  work in the overall interest of the people of Burkina Faso in order to guarantee peace and stability in the region . " Demonstrators last week stormed Parliament , setting fire to the building . The protests came amid rising discontent about the high cost of living and Compaore 's attempts to amend the country 's constitution to help him extend his term . Compaore had been in office since he took power after a bloody coup in 1987 . The country was formerly known as the Republic of Upper Volta when it was established in 1958 as a self-governing colony under France .	Protesters clashed with security forces in Burkina Faso 's capital on Sunday The protesters want the military government to step aside The AU and ECOWAS call for peace and a transition to elections
CNN  -- Seattle 's character and history are closely linked to its waterside location , so it makes sense to start your sightseeing at the Waterfront . Experience the Experience Music Project/Science Fiction Museum and Hall of Fame . Pioneers first settled in Elliott Bay in the 1850s and these days the Waterfront area is buzzing with restaurants , bars and tourists . Kids will love the Seattle Aquarium  Pier 59 , 1483 Alaskan Way  , while adults will want to head straight to Pike Place Market  Pike Street  . More than just an outstanding farmers market , Pike Place is in many ways the beating heart of Seattle . Browse the farm-fresh produce and traditional crafts , and banter with the infamous salmon-tossing fishmongers , whose tourist-pleasing antics mix market trading with street theatre . After stocking up on snacks and souvenirs , venture further into the historic Pioneer Square neighborhood and check out the totem poles in Occidental Park . There 's another totem pole in Pioneer Square Park , carved by the Tlingit natives in 1938 , as well as a bust of Chief Sealth of the Duwamish tribe , after whom Seattle is named . Nearby , the Seattle Central Library  1000 Fourth Avenue  is an astonishing glass and steel construction by Rem Koolhaas . Only slightly less imposing is the pink granite structure that is Seattle Art Museum  1300 First Avenue  and the 48-foot "  Hammering Man " that guards its entrance . The museum is known for its collections of Native American and African art , while Asian art is showcased at the Seattle Museum of Asian Art  1400 East Prospect Street , Volunteer Park  in Capitol Hill . The Olympic Sculpture Park  2901 Western Avenue  is a nine-acre waterfront offshoot of the Seattle Art Museum , with free admission . The city 's skyline is dominated by the incongruous , spindly Space Needle , part of the Seattle Center , built for the 1962 World 's Fair . To get there , take the monorail , another World 's Fair remnant , from the Westlake Center  Pine Street at 4th Avenue  . Ride a glass elevator to the 160-meter-high observation deck for an incredible view of the city and its surroundings . While you 're at the Seattle Center , take a look at the Experience Music Project / Science Fiction Museum and Hall of Fame . The colorfully bizarre building by Frank Gehry looks like a three-dimensional cubist collage of smashed electric guitars , and is Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen 's eccentric gift to the city . Originally a museum dedicated to Seattle native Jimi Hendrix , the Experience Music Project now has all kinds of rock memorabilia and loads of interactive exhibitions . Tickets include admission to the Science Fiction Museum , which has enough sci-fi movie props to satisfy the most obsessive trekkie . Finally , make time to stroll around the Capitol Hill and Fremont neighborhoods for a taste of the non-conformist "  alternative Seattle " that brought the world Grunge and made plaid shirts fashionable . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Seattle picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best .	The fish-throwing traders at Pike Place Market are always a crowd-pleaser Ride the monorail to the Seattle Center , home to the towering Space Needle The Olympic Sculpture Park has a spectacular waterfront location The Experience Music Project has a dazzling array of interactive exhibitions
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Venezuela 's first satellite roared into space Thursday from a launching pad in southwest China . The telecommunications satellite will let rural communities in Venezuela access educational and medical information that has been difficult for them to come by as a result of their relative isolation , said Rodolfo Navaro , technical manager for the Bolivarian Space Activity Agency . "  It is not focused on commercial ends , but on providing a service to the communities which have never enjoyed a modern communication system , " he said , according to the Bolivarian News Agency . "  Aboriginal communities , for instance , would receive long-distance education , or maybe they would request medicines , air or river ambulance service , medical checkups , among other options . " A Chinese rocket carrying the satellite lifted off early Thursday from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center in southwestern China 's Sichuan province , according to an account in China 's state-run news agency , Xinhua . The satellite is designed to last 15 years , the agency said . President Hugo Chavez announced after taking office that Venezuela would send crafts into space , and the country spent $ 241 million in five years to develop the Simon Bolivar Satellite , named for the general whose military victories led to independence from Spain for several South American nations in the early 1800s . Chavez referred to the satellite 's launch as a key step toward greater scientific and technological independence for Venezuela , the Bolivarian News Agency reported . The satellite will have the ability to cover the Caribbean , Central America and parts of South America , the agency said .	Telecommunications satellite will let rural areas access educational , medical info Chinese rocket carrying satellite lifts off from Xichang Satellite Launch Center Satellite reportedly designed to last 15 years Venezuela spent $ 241 million in five years to develop the Simon Bolivar Satellite
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's most celebrated fugitive -- "  the last of the gentlemen crooks , " as he liked to describe himself -- was born Ronald Arthur Biggs in Lambeth , south London , on August 8 , 1929 . Biggs spent more than three decades as a fugitive after escaping from prison in 1964 . The youngest of five children , his criminal career began at the age of 15 when he was arrested for stealing pencils from a local shop . He joined the Royal Air Force in 1947 but was dishonourably discharged two years later after being convicted of breaking into a chemist 's shop while AWOL . The latter offence resulted in his first spell in prison -- four months in Lewes Prison for Young Offenders . He was released in June 1949 , but was back in jail within a month for car theft . This second prison term -- also at Lewes -- was to change Biggs ' life . He met and became friends with Bruce Reynolds , the man who later masterminded the heist commonly known as the Great Train Robbery . Between 1949 and 1963 Biggs was regularly involved in criminal activity -- he served several jail sentences -- although he also made money legally working as a painter and decorator . In 1960 he married Charmian Powell with whom he had three children -- Nicholas , Christopher and Farley . The couple were subsequently estranged . On August 8 , 1963 -- Biggs ' birthday -- he was one of a gang of 16 who held up the Glasgow to London mail train , escaping with a record haul of more than # 2.6 million  $ 4.4 million  . He was arrested a month later after his fingerprint was found on some stolen notes , and in January 1964 he was sentenced to 30 years in prison . After serving only 15 months , however , he made a daring escape from Wandsworth Prison in south London , thus beginning 35 years on the run . His first stop was Paris , where he spent much of his # 147,000  $ 246,000  cut of the train robbery money on plastic surgery and acquiring papers to Australia . He remained in Melbourne until 1969 , working as a builder , before he slipped out of the country using a false passport on a ship bound for Panama . There followed brief spells in Argentina , Bolivia and Venezuela before he eventually settled in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil . In 1974 he was arrested and faced being sent back to the UK . His Brazilian girlfriend Raimunda de Castro , however , was by that point pregnant with his child , and under Brazilian law that meant he could not be deported . Further attempts were made to bring him back to England , including a highly publicized kidnapping in 1981 when he was seized by adventurers hoping to claim a reward for his capture . He was taken to Barbados in a sack marked "  Live Snake , " but subsequently released due to a loophole in Barbadian law . In the meantime , he became something of a celebrity in Rio . He would entertain visitors at his house , where for a set fee he would provide a barbecue and tales of his criminal past . He featured on The Sex Pistols album "  The Great Rock and Roll Swindle " -- singing No One is Innocent . Biggs suffered a minor stroke in March 1998 , and with his health and finances failing he finally returned to the UK in 2001 . His estranged wife Charmian said at the time : "  The man I remember was a strong , fit , big man who could take on the world . Now he looks like a walking corpse , just skin and bone . I feel so sorry and sad for him . " Biggs and his family campaigned for him to be released because of his poor health virtually from the day he returned to the UK and was immediately incarcerated in Belmarsh high security prison . Instead , Biggs was moved to a prison facility for elderly prisoners in Norwich , his parole prospects dismissed by justice ministers because of his apparent lack of remorse . But on August 4 Biggs was moved to a hospital suffering with severe pneumonia . On August 7 , the eve of both his 80th birthday and the 46th anniversary of the heist that turned him into a fugitive , Biggs was formally released on compassionate grounds . In 2001 Biggs said his last wish was to buy a pint of beer in a pub in the southern seaside resort of Margate . But Biggs ' legal advisor Giovanni Di Stefano told journalists that Biggs was unlikely to ever leave his hospital bed . "  This man is ill , he 's going to die , he is not going to any pub or going to Rio . He is going to stay in hospital , " said Di Stefano .	Ronnie Biggs was part of gang responsible for 1963 Great Train Robbery Biggs released from prison on compassionate grounds on Friday Sentenced to 30 years in prison , Biggs escaped and spent decades as a fugitive Biggs was locked up since his return to UK from Brazil in 2001 in ailing health
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Squads of local government enforcers are operating in Chinese cities without proper supervision , often employing brutal methods and carrying out illegal detentions , a new report from Human Rights Watch claims . The 76-page report , "  Beat Him , Take Everything Away , " documents abuses by the Urban Management Law Enforcement units , known as "  chengguan , " whose principle function is to assist regular police in tackling low-level crime in urban areas such as traffic violations and unauthorized street vendors . It says the behavior of "  thuggish " officers has caused widespread public anger and undermined social stability . While they have the power to impose fines on violators , the chengguan do not have the authority to detain people or use excessive force . Read the full report here But victims of chengguan abuse -- many of them street vendors -- describe being dragged , punched , kicked , and thrown from their vehicles to the street for no apparent reason , while others report being ordered to pay arbitrary fines or even being taken into custody without a reason given . One victim , a 32-year-old migrant from Henan province , told HRW that three chengguan officers in Beijing got onto her cart and without explanation began confiscating the grapes she was selling . When she protested , they began kicking and cursing her . They said "  F *** your mother . You dare ask us for a reason ? " Last year , three officers from a local city management bureau in northeast China 's Liaoning Province were arrested after a man died when he was attacked trying to lay cement outside his home , the state-run Xinhua news agency reported . No details about the fate of the officers were given . The New York-based rights group claims chengguan have also been implicated in the forced eviction of residents from their homes "  at a time when alleged collusion between corrupt officials and property developers has created what a Chinese human rights organization has described as a ` pandemic of illegal demolition ' in China . " HRW says the report is based on interviews with victims of abuse and other research in six Chinese cities between mid-2009 and 2011 , and builds on work documenting violations by Chinese police and other public security forces over the past five years , including enforced disappearances , abuses in detention and torture . "  One of the alarming aspects of the chengguan is that there is no clear national framework -- a legal one , a training one -- for supervising and disciplining the chengguan , " Sophie Richardson , HRW 's China Director told CNN . "  It 's up to the individual municipalities how to define and manage these forces , so it 's very unclear to whom they can be held accountable . " In November last year , the Beijing Urban Management Bureau issued guidance for its enforcement officers , according to a Beijing Evening News report cited by China Daily . New guidelines prohibit officers from beating , abusing or insulting the other party , the forceful seizure of goods , forceful checks on vehicles , chasing vehicles and chasing people on foot . More than 7,000 urban management officers and 6,500 security guards and assistants would receive training on the new regulations , the article added . The HRW report comes at time when China 's Communist Party is battling to restore a sense of unity and stability in the country as it prepares for a once-in-a-decade leadership transition . Recent allegations of abuses by Chongqing authorities under disgraced former Party chief Bo Xilai , and the controversy surrounding the treatment of blind activist Chen Guangcheng , have put the leadership on the back foot . Chinese human rights activist Chen arrives in U.S. Richardson pointed to a similarly sensitive period for China 's leadership as the country prepared to host the 2008 Olympic Games , and it invested heavily in its security forces , giving them more resources and political power to reinforce their control . The rise of the chengguan , she says , is consistent with that strategy , though it appears to be backfiring . "  Part of the point we 're trying to make with this report is to say ` this force is causing instability by virtue of its brutal conduct , ' " she said . "  It 's prompting violent reprisals on the street . If really what you 're looking for is policing in the sense of the way we understand it , this is not the solution . " A protest in Anshun , Guizhou province in July last year was sparked by reports that local chengguan had beaten a disabled fruit vendor to death , Caixin Online reported . The crowd clashed briefly with city authorities before eventually dispersing . The middle-aged street vender , who had a false leg , was chased by officers before he was attacked , witnesses reported in microblogs cited by Caixin . Chinese authorities could not be immediately contacted for a response to the HRW report .	"  Beat Him , Take Everything Away , " cites abuses by Urban Management Law Enforcement unit Behavior of "  chengguan " has caused widespread public anger , undermined social stability Victims of chengguan abuse -- many of them street vendors -- say they 've been chased , beaten Urban Management Law Enforcement unit used to tackle low-level urban crime
CNN  -- Sirens went off in the small plane he was a passenger on , and Ferdinand Puentes and eight others aboard "  knew what was going on . " The aircraft was going down , and Puentes grabbed his GoPro camera and recorded the ordeal . The result : arresting pictures of inside the plane and beneath ocean waters as the group awaited rescue off Kalaupapa on Hawaii 's Molokai island One person , Loretta Fuddy , died in the December 11 crash . Fuddy , director of Hawaii 's Department of Health , was the official who confirmed the authenticity of President Barack Obama 's birth record in Hawaii . Of the others on board , one person swam ashore , a Maui Fire Department helicopter picked up four , and a Coast Guard helicopter rescued three . A month after the crash , the photographs continue to evoke strong emotions in Puentes . "  It just bit into me like , am I dreaming ? " Puentes told CNN affiliate KHON-TV in Honolulu . One photo looks outside the plane 's window right around the time the aircraft hit the water . Puente 's camera captured the plane sinking and even an underwater shot of its body . Puentes told KHON that he 's an avid waterman , but his clothes weighed him down and it took an extra seat cushion to keep him afloat . Surviving the crash has changed his life , he told the TV station . "  A lot of things seem petty now . Ca n't take things for granted , " he said .	Ferdinand Puentes survived a plane crash off Hawaii in December Puentes recorded the ordeal with his GoPro camera The photos capture the crash and sinking of the plane
CNN  -- Serena Williams powered to her first Madrid Masters title , hitting 14 aces in a comfortable win over Victoria Azarenka in Sunday 's final . Williams took just over an hour to take the 41st WTA singles title of her career in a 6-1 6-3 win over the world No. 1 . The in-form Williams , who has won all 13 of her matches on clay this year , set the tone for a dominant performance by winning the first four games against an opponent that had lost just one set in the tournament before the final . Williams hit 26 winners past the Belorussian , taking four of her five break-point chances and denying Azarenka 's single break-point opportunity . "  I think Victoria is the player to beat , " said Williams . "  She has won I do n't know how many tournaments this year alone . That 's an amazing amount . So if you look at the stats , you just have to put her up there as the player to beat . "  I actually love the clay but my results have n't been stellar . I have won the French Open and lots of clay-court tournaments , though . It 's really a myth about me not liking clay . I like it more than grass , which is weird . Hopefully I can start doing better . " Australian Open champion Azarenka had been looking for her fifth title this year , but was steamrollered by Williams . "  Being in the final of such a tournament is a good achievement , " said Azarenka . "  It 's disappointing to lose but what can you do , it 's done . I have to think about the positive things and take the best out of this week . I 've been playing some great tennis . " Both players will be in action as the WTA Tour moves to Rome , where the field features nine of the world 's top-10 players . Serena 's older sister Venus will play her second tournament since losing to Radwanska in the Miami quarterfinals in late March , having lost in the second round in Madrid .	Serena Williams beats world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka 6-1 6-3 Madrid win provides Williams with 41st WTA singles title of career Williams blasts 14 aces and 26 winners in Sunday 's final American has not lost a clay-court match this season
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova 's preparations for the Australian Open suffered a blow when she was forced to pull out of the season opening tournament in Brisbane Tuesday with a right collarbone injury . The World No. 2 was due to play Australian wildcard Jarmila Gajdosova in the second round , but said she had "  ran out of time " in her battle to recover from the problem . "  I have a bit of inflammation in my collarbone , " she told the official tournament website . The 25-year-old Russian said she had sent scans to her doctor in New York to assess the injury , which forced her out of an exhibition tournament in South Korea last week . "  He told me I could n't really do much overhead training for about a week , " revealed Sharapova . "  So to be fair , I have n't really given myself a chance to pretty much hit any serves or anything over my head . Just been practicing groundstrokes , " she added . The reigning French Open champion will also skip next week 's WTA tournament in Sydney to recover in time for the start of the Australian Open on January 14 . Sharapova was also forced to pull out of last year 's Brisbane tournament , but went on to reach the final of the Australian Open , where she was beaten by Victoria Azarenka of Belarus . Azarenka is the top seed in Brisbane and will play her second round match against Sabine Lisicki of Germany Wednesday . Gajdosova will play lucky loser Lesia Tsurenko of Ukraine , who replaces Sharapova in the draw . In second round action Tuesday , Serena Williams needed exactly one hour to reach the quarterfinals with a crushing 6-2 6-2 win over France 's Alize Cornet in the night session . The 15-times grand slam winner was , like Sharapova , an injury doubt before the start of the season , but has shrugged off a foot problem to look in ominous early season form . She hit 25 winners , including six aces , to overpower Cornet . But former champion and sixth seed Petra Kvitova was sent crashing 6-4 7-5 by Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova . Fifth-seeded Italian Sara Errani also lost in three sets to 2012 runner-up Daniela Hantuchova 4-6 6-1 7-5 . U.S. Open champion Andy Murray is the top seed in the ATP event in Brisbane and begins his campaign Thursday against qualifier John Millman The Australian beat Japan 's Tatsuma Ito 6-4 6-1 to earn the prestigious clash . Uzbekistan 's Denis Istomin beat eighth seed Martin Klizan of Slovakia 6-1 6-2 in another upset . At the Hopman Cup in Perth , Venus Williams continued her fine form as the United States beat France 2-1 for their second victory in the mixed team event . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat John Isner 6-3 6-2 to put France ahead before Williams fought off Mathilde Johansson 3-6 7-5 6-4 to draw the U.S. level . The seven-time grand slam champion , elder sister of Serena , then paired with Isner to beat Johansson and Tsonga 6-7 6-2 10-8 in a tight deciding rubber .	Maria Sharpapova forced out of Brisbane International Right collarbone injury has not cleared up in time Serena Williams marches into last eight with straight sets win John Millman earns second round clash with Andy Murray
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Ten French soldiers were killed Tuesday in fighting near the Afghan capital of Kabul after 100 insurgents attacked a patrol , authorities said . French soldiers patrol in Afghanistan in May 2008 . French and NATO authorities confirmed the deaths and said 21 other soldiers were wounded in the fighting in the Sarobi area in Kabul province , about 30 miles northeast of the capital . The clashes began late Monday afternoon and continued into Tuesday , when the casualties occurred , French officials said . French President Nicolas Sarkozy said his "  determination is intact " to continue "  this battle against terrorism for democracy and liberty . " "  The cause is just . It is an honor for France and its armies to defend them , " said Sarkozy , who will travel Tuesday night to Afghanistan , the Defense Ministry said . Last month , nine U.S. soldiers were killed in fighting in eastern Afghanistan . U.S. , British , Canadian and Dutch troops have been engaged in much of the combat in Afghanistan . The United States has been urging other countries in the NATO-led alliance to help ease the burdens of those troops on the front lines . About 1,670 French troops serve in Afghanistan under NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , according to ISAF 's Web site . Before this incident , a total of 12 French troops had died in several incidents during the Afghan war , mostly in combat . As for the latest fighting , NATO said the initial patrol -- which included Afghan forces -- had been "  reinforced with quick reaction forces , close air support and mobile medical teams . " It said "  a large number of insurgents were killed . " Gen. Zahir Azimi , an Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman , said Tuesday that Afghan army forces rushed to the battle scene soon after the attack took place . He said 27 militants were killed and 14 were wounded in the fighting , and 13 of the bodies were recovered by the Afghan army . He said one of the dead militants was identified as a Pakistani national . The Taliban posted a Web statement saying its forces attacked an "  American " convoy , killing 20 soldiers and destroying five military tanks . It also said foreign forces later Tuesday bombarded the region and killed five Taliban militants and several civilians . The fighting came after authorities tightened security on Monday in anticipation of militant attacks on the country 's Independence Day . Several suicide bombers struck an American base about 12 miles from the border with Pakistan in Khost province on Tuesday , but U.S. and Afghan forces repelled the onslaught . Seven insurgents were killed in the attack on Forward Operating Base Salerno , including three suicide bombers who blew themselves up after forces from the base encountered them more than 3,000 feet from the base , ISAF said in a statement . U.S. and Afghan troops noticed the approaching militants by their "  special behavior , " the spokesman said . Helicopters flew in to attack them , the force said . ISAF said it suffered no casualties . Gov. Arsallah Jamal of Khost province said four commandos -- presumably Afghans -- were wounded when the militants struck late Monday . A Taliban spokesman , Zabiullah Mujahid , said 15 suicide bombers with small arms and machine guns entered the base and inflicted heavy casualties -- claims that the NATO-led force and Khost governor dismissed . That attack came after a suicide car bombing outside the same base killed 10 Afghan civilians and wounded 13 others Monday , the U.S. military said . Two other would-be bombers were killed before they could carry out attacks , Jamal said . Afghan forces stopped a second would-be car bomb near the base , performed a controlled detonation and detained a suspect , the NATO-led force said . This comes as a source from the Afghan Defense Ministry , who declined to be named , confirmed that Pakistani army chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani arrived in Kabul on Tuesday morning to meet with Afghan and NATO military officials . In southern Afghanistan , a suicide bomber struck a Canadian foot patrol on Tuesday in the Kandahar province district of Panjwayee , local police said . The bomber and an Afghan interpreter for NATO forces were killed and a NATO soldier and a child were wounded , police said . The attack occurred as troops chatted with villagers in the district 's main bazaar . The Taliban , in a Web statement , said 11 foreign soldiers were killed or wounded in the attack . CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Journalist Farhad Peikar contributed to this report .	NEW : ` This cause is just , ' French President Sarkozy says NEW : Sarkozy to travel to Afghanistan Tuesday night NEW : Officials dismiss Taliban claim of 15 suicide bombers entering base 10 French soldiers killed as fighting flares around holiday
New York  CNN  -- An inferno spread across a flooded neighborhood of Rockaway Peninsula in Queens early Tuesday , torching at least 80 homes as a potent mix of weather blasted the region . Some 200 firefighters battled the six-alarm blaze in Breezy Point , which was fed by high winds and made more perilous by downed electrical wires , according to witnesses and local authorities . "  The winds were just devastating , blowing from one building to another , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said at a news conference . By daybreak , emergency personnel and local volunteers could be seen sloshing through flooded streets to put out patches of remaining flames while others assessed what had been lost . Waking up to floods , fires and darkness after Sandy Fire authorities reported three people were injured by Superstorm Sandy , though all injuries were considered minor . "  It was terrible , " said Steve Mastrandrea , a Breezy Point resident and volunteer firefighter , who said he was "  trying to give a helping hand and ... got trapped . " "  We could n't help anybody , " he said . "  I could n't even help myself . " Floodwaters engulfed Mastrandrea 's home and began to rise from his basement as the fire raged outside . "  We could n't tell if the fires were 100 yards or a mile away , " he said . "  It was just so bright . I could n't tell where it was . "  I thought we were going to have to jump in the water , " he added . Mastrandrea 's home was largely destroyed as he fled with his family to higher ground . "  There 's nothing here , " he said . "  Our homes can always be rebuilt . As long as we have our lives and we 're safe . " The National Guard and other emergency personnel fanned out across the neighborhood . It 's not clear what started the fire . People rescued from roofs of trailer homes in New Jersey "  I 'm not sure where to go from here besides calling the insurance company , " said resident Richard Kohlbrecher . "  I 've been down here most of my life . Through ` the Perfect Storm ' ... the water got deep , but nothing like this . " The "  Perfect Storm " is a reference to a 1991 "  nor'easter " that got absorbed in Hurricane Grace , which then wreaked havoc along the East Coast and killed about a dozen people . Meanwhile , some described the scene in Breezy Point as one of "  total destruction . " "  There is nothing in this one cluster of homes , " resident T.J. Gilmartin told CNN . "  And every house along the side that 's still up is damaged . ... Even the sidewalk is ripped up . " Among the 80 homes destroyed was that of Bob Turner , a New York congressman . "  I , along with many other Breezy Point residents , lost our homes last night and I am grateful that my family and I are safe after this destructive storm , " Turner said . " I hope you will join me in lending a hand to those who were less fortunate and keep everyone impacted by this storm in your thoughts and prayers . " In September , the same area endured severe weather as a powerful cold front brought heavy rain , high winds and a tornado into the beachfront neighborhood of New York City . CNN 's Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Among the 80 homes destroyed was that of New York Rep. Bob Turner "  The winds were just devastating , blowing from one building to another , " mayor says "  It was terrible , " resident Steve Mastrandrea says Powerful cold front brought rain , winds and a tornado to same area in Queens last month
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The organist on the seminal 1960s song "  A Whiter Shade of Pale " has won a long-running legal battle for a share in the royalties for the tune . Matthew Fisher , shown here in a 2006 photo , has won a battle over "  Whiter Shade of Pale " royalties . Matthew Fisher sued former Procol Harum bandmate Gary Brooker in the House of Lords , Britain 's highest court . A lower court had ruled in his favor in 2006 , granting him co-writing credits and a share of the royalties . Another court partly overturned the ruling in 2008 , giving Fisher co-writing credit but no money . The Court of Appeal said Fisher had waited too long to bring his claim to court . The House of Lords disagreed , said there was no time limit on such claims . Fisher -- whose organ chords open the anthemic song and carry the psychedelic tune through its final swells -- says on his Web site that the song is the most-played ever on the books of Phonographic Performance Ltd. . Lord David Neuberger of Abbotsbury said the organist had played a key role in the success of the song . "  Fisher 's subsequent contribution was significant , and , especially the introductory eight bars , an important factor in the work 's success , " he wrote in his verdict . The ruling could be worth a lot of money to him . BBC television , for example , pays # 43.89  $ 72.40  per minute in royalties each time it plays the four-minute song , according to PRS for Music , which collects royalties on behalf of music writers , composers and publishers BBC Radio 2 pays # 19.35  $ 31.92  per minute . Writers and composers receive royalties until 70 years after their death in the British system .	Matthew Fisher sued former Procol Harum bandmate Gary Brooker Fisher was seeking share of royalties for "  A Whiter Shade of Pale " Lower court had ruled in his favor in 2006 , but another partly overturned ruling in 2008
CNN  -- They were 17-year-old high school students driving to a party at a gravel pit . Perhaps they took a wrong turn ; perhaps there was foul play . For 42 years , authorities have had no idea how Cheryl Miller and Pamela Jackson disappeared . Now there may finally be answers . A car that appears to be theirs was spotted in a creek just half a mile from the girls ' intended destination near Beresford , South Dakota , reported CNN affiliate KTIV-TV in Sioux City , Iowa . The license plate and hubcap match those of the car they were in when they vanished in 1971 . Authorities in South Dakota said Tuesday that skeletal remains were recovered from the scene . South Dakota Attorney General Marty Jackley and Union County Sheriff Dan Limoges also said the vehicle , discovered in an embankment in Brule Creek , was processed and other items that potentially are evidence were discovered . The timing is especially poignant . Jackson 's father died last week at the age of 102 . His funeral was Saturday . The car was found Monday . It 's caked in mud , which must be peeled off layer by layer , KTIV reported . Dry weather had depleted the creek of enough water that it became easy to see the car , the station said . A fisherman spotted the 1960 Studebaker Lark , said CNN affiliate KSFY-TV in Sioux Falls , South Dakota . Removing the car from the creek could take days , KSFY said . "  The case has been reopened multiple times over the decades , including in 2004 , when the state 's newly formed cold case unit searched a farm in rural Union County , two miles from the gravel pit , " KSFY reported . Six years ago , state prison inmate David Lykken was charged in the case . But the charges were later dropped after a confession he gave turned out to be false , KSFY said . Last week , authorities found two cars , with human remains inside , at the bottom of an Oklahoma lake . Investigators said one car may have belonged to a teenager who disappeared with two friends in 1970 . The other might be linked to the disappearance of a man in the 1960s . Oklahoma deputies pull bodies from lake , dating back to '60s , 1970 disappearance Diver , trooper recount lake discovery	NEW : Bones were found in the car , authorities say Cheryl Miller and Pamela Jackson disappeared in 1971 en route to a party A car was found Monday in a creek , a report says A jail inmate was once charged in the case , but the charges were dropped
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Indian authorities Tuesday filed a police complaint against Continental Airlines for frisking a former president of the country as he was to travel to New York in April . Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks , officials said . Civil aviation officials in New Delhi accused Continental of gross violation of Indian security rules that prohibit pre-embarkation body checks on certain dignitaries like a former president . The police complaint followed a probe that had established that APJ Abdul Kalam was subject to frisking before he boarded a flight from New Delhi to New York on April 21 , the Indian civil aviation ministry said in a statement . The ministry also alleged the airline did not respond to its show-cause notice in connection with Kalam 's body checks . In its police complaint , Indian civil aviation authorities accused the airline staff of "  willful violation " of their directions on exemptions from pre-embarkation frisking . Continental , however , insisted it followed standard American air-safety procedures . "  TSA  Transportation Security Administration  requirements impose a final security check in the aerobridge just before boarding the aircraft . "  This procedure is followed by all carriers flying to the U.S. from most of the countries in the world and there is no exemption to this rule , " it said in a statement .	Indian authorities file complaint against Continental for frisking former president Former president APJ Abdul Kalam was exempt from body checks , officials say Continental , however , insists it followed standard U.S. air-safety procedures
CNN  -- A magnitude 8.2 earthquake struck the Russian Far East on Friday , the U.S. Geologicial Survey reported . The epicenter for the extremely powerful quake was located in the Sea of Okhotsk , just to the west of the Kamchatka Peninsula , and about 600 kilometers  nearly 375 miles  underground . The quake was felt for five minutes in the region , Russia 's Ria Novosti news agency reported . Many people ran into the streets as the temblor shook . No tsunami warnings were issued in the quake 's immediate aftermath . The region is located along the Pacific "  ring of fire , " an area of high seismic and volcanic activity stretching from New Zealand in the South Pacific up through Japan , across to Alaska and down the west coasts of North and South America . CNN 's Boriana Milanova contributed to this report	The earthquake was centered off the western coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula No tsunami warnings were issued The region is located along the Pacific "  ring of fire , " an area of high seismic and volcanic activity
CNN  -- Dennis Burkley , the character actor known for his work on TV 's "  King of the Hill , " has died , his agent tells CNN . He was 67 . Burkley 's agent , David Ankrum , says the actor died in his sleep late Saturday or early Sunday , at his home in the Los Angeles suburb of Sherman Oaks . A cause of death has yet to be determined . Ankrum praised his brawny friend of more than 40 years , saying "  Dennis could do both comedy and drama , and he had a tender side -- he did n't look it , but he did . " Burkley 's recent TV roles included a stint on "  My Name is Earl , " and giving voice to several characters , including Principal Moss , on "  King of the Hill . " Ankrum says the actor 's favorite roles included a mute motorcyclist in "  Mask , " one of Kevin Costner 's buddies in "  Tin Cup , " and working with James Garner on "  Murphy 's Romance " and Redd Foxx on TV 's "  Sanford . " Burkley had more more than 130 credits in movies and on TV . Burkley had been in semi-retirement the past few years , focusing on voice work and producing small movies , according to Ankrum . The actor is survived by his wife , Laura , a son , Shawn , and a daughter , Shannon . People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Character actor dies in his sleep at home in California Cause of death unknown Burkley known for voicing ` King of the Hill ' characters
Herat , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Suicide bombers targeted security forces and foreign civil affairs workers in separate blasts Monday in the western Afghanistan city of Herat , killing at least four people and wounding 26 , a police official told CNN . The attacks occurred within minutes of each other just blocks apart in Herat , an area where U.S. military officials have hinted American troops would be withdrawn by July because it has been largely free of violence . The bombers targeted the Ministry of Transport in central Herat , and a compound that houses an Italian Provincial Reconstruction Team -- an outreach unit made up of civilian affairs and aid workers , said police commander Abdul Rauf Ahmadi . The first explosion occurred when a suicide bomber on foot detonated an explosive vest near at the Ministry of Transport , a busy section of central Herat , he said . Witnesses say there were civilian casualties , though it was not immediately clear whether anybody was killed in that blast . The second attack came minutes later when a suicide bomber , also on foot , blew himself up outside the main gate of a compound housing the Italian PRT team , paving the way for gunmen to launch an assault at the compound , Ahmadi said . Afghan and NATO-led forces battled gunmen , who had taken up position inside a building next to the compound , Harif Taib , a government official in Herat , told CNN . Ahmadi said the situation was under police control and the gunfight had ended , though witnesses said gunfire could still be heard hours after the initial explosions coming from direction of the compound . The Italian news agency ANSA reported 15 Italian soldiers were among the wounded in Herat . But none were among the dead , a government official said . "  We can reassure the families that among the dead , there are no Italian soldiers , " Undersecretary of Defense Guido Crosetto told Rai1 radio . The blasts rattled Afghans in Herat , which has been considered one of the country 's success stories with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force turning some of the primary security for the area over to Afghans . "  It 's a big surprise , " said Nemaqullah Rahimi , 22 . "  We 've have n't had a bombing in six months . " Rahimi , a driver-for-hire in Herat , said his girlfriend 's uncle was among the wounded in the blast near the transport ministry . The number-two American commander in Afghanistan , Lt. Gen. David Rodriguez , hinted in a CNN interview in February that Herat may be one location U.S. forces could begin to withdraw from as part of President Barack Obama 's self-imposed deadline to begin bringing home troops by July 2011 . The attacks come the same day that Army Gen. David Petraeus , commander of NATO-led troops in Afghanistan , joined two other generals in offering "  sincere apologies " for an airstrike that killed nine civilians in southern Afghanistan . Maj. Gen. John Toolan , the head of ISAF command in southwest Afghanistan , said his apology was being made "  on behalf of the coalition " and its top leaders , including Petraeus . Earlier , Afghan officials said that Saturday 's attack in Helmand province killed a dozen children and two women . There was no immediate explanation for the disparity between this figure and the toll of nine civilians killed offered Sunday by Toolan , who also noted that a U.S. Marine was killed immediately before the strike . The strike provoked the ire of Afghan President Hamid Karzai , who strongly condemned the airstrike and insisted he was warning the U.S military and government "  for the last time " on behalf of the Afghan people about civilian deaths . He called the operation a mistake , but offered a different death toll , saying 10 children , two women and two men were killed . In the statement , Toolan pleaded with Afghans to not only forgive , but also to work with coalition forces in hopes of bolstering their security . "  I offer our heartfelt apologies to the families and friends of those killed , " Toolan said in a statement . "  I ask that the Afghan people continue to trust and assist their security forces , so that together we can stop the senseless killing brought upon us by an enemy who wants to exploit the Afghan people through fear and violence . Journalist Jennifer Glasse contributed to this report .	NEW : Bombings rattle Afghans in Herat , which has been largely free of violence NEW : Resident : "  We 've have n't had a bombing in six months " Two suicide bombers strike within minutes of each other , just block apart The blasts kill at least four people and wound 26 , including 15 Italians , officials say
CNN  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales plans to sign legislation Friday scheduling a May 4 referendum on a new constitution , the Bolivian Information Agency reported . Bolivians celebrate Thursday in La Paz after Congress decides to call for a referendum on a new constitution . The move comes after the Bolivian Congress decided Thursday in a raucous session to let people nationwide vote on the controversial plans . The proposed constitution would strengthen the country 's indigenous majority but has faced fierce opposition from nonindigenous Bolivians , including those in four provinces whose governors have declared autonomy . Hundreds jammed streets Thursday outside the congressional building in La Paz to prevent opposition legislators from entering . Video footage broadcast on CNN en Espaol showed people pushing , shoving and hitting others . Watch as the crowds block the opposition " Congress made its decision to hold a referendum "  with a reduced presence of opposition lawmakers , " the Bolivian news agency said . Opposition legislators decried the move as "  illegal , " the agency said , but supporters of Morales welcomed it . "  Now it is the Bolivian people who will decide with their vote whether to approve or reject the new constitution , " said Vice President Alvaro Garcia Linera , according to the Bolivian Information Agency . E-mail to a friend	Bolivian Congress decides to let people vote on new constitution on May 4 Proposed constitution would strengthen Bolivia 's indigenous majority Bolivian President Evo Morales is set to sign the legislation Opposition lawmakers with "  reduced presence " in Congress decry move as "  illegal "
CNN  -- Authorities in Mexico have arrested Gilberto Barragan Balderas , one of the leaders of a powerful drug dealing group called the Gulf Cartel , police said . Mexican police said they arrested him Friday in the border city of Reynosa . He was also wanted in the United States , and the State Department had offered a $ 5 million reward for his capture . Barragan Balderas , 41 , was responsible for various drug trafficking operations to the United States via the border between Tamaulipas , Mexico , and Texas , police said . Police learned that the suspect was going to attend a party Friday and used that information to locate him . CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report	Police say he operated a drug route between Mexico and the United States The State Department has offered a $ 5 million reward for his capture
CNN  -- A controversial ranking of U.S. cities ' crime rates indicates New Orleans , Louisiana , has the worst crime rate , while a New York exurb has the lowest . A New Orleans resident talks to police after returning home to find his house had been looted in September . The CQ Press "  City Crime Rankings " list named New Orleans its most crime-ridden city based on a reported 19,000-plus incidences of six major crimes -- including 209 murder cases -- in 2007 . The Gulf Coast city of about 250,000 , still grappling with the aftermath of 2005 's Hurricane Katrina , was followed in the rankings by Camden , New Jersey ; Detroit , Michigan ; St. Louis , Missouri ; and Oakland , California . The lowest crime rate was reported in Ramapo , New York , about 40 miles northwest of New York City , with only 688 total crimes and no reported killings in a city of about 113,000 . It was followed by Mission Viejo , California , south of Los Angeles ; O'Fallon , Missouri , outside St. Louis ; Newton , Massachusetts , west of Boston ; and Brick Township , on the New Jersey coast . Previous editions have been criticized by criminologists and the U.S. Conference of Mayors as a misreading of federal crime statistics . The FBI , which compiles its own Uniform Crime Report statistics , warns that ranking cities against each other can produce "  simplistic and/or incomplete analyses , " and the American Society of Criminology called last year 's CQ report "  an irresponsible misuse of the data . " The study 's publishers said they dropped previous characterizations of "  safest " and "  most dangerous " from this year 's study , calling those qualities "  perceptions of the individuals who live in these communities . " But they defended the comparisons as a valuable tool for researchers and the public . "  The book provides the means by which individuals can compare local communities to other similar communities based on comparison to the national level of reported crime as well as crime rates per 100,000 of individual types of reported crime , violent and property crime categories , and overall , " the company says in a statement accompanying the data . The CQ report rated 397 cities larger than 75,000 and 356 metropolitan areas , some of which ranked very differently from their core cities alone . The New Orleans area was third on the metropolitan-areas list , behind Pine Bluff , Arkansas , and Memphis , Tennessee . Camden , the second-worst city on the cities list , ranked 219th among metro areas . Among metro areas , Logan , Utah , north of Salt Lake City , had the lowest crime rate , followed by State College , Pennsylvania , and Ithaca , New York , the report said . . The data is drawn from FBI statistics on murder , rape , robbery , aggravated assault , burglary , theft and motor vehicle theft .	New Orleans had 209 murders in 2007 , according to CQ Press New Orleans followed by Camden , New Jersey ; Detroit ; St. Louis ; Oakland , California FBI warns that ranking cities against each other can be "  simplistic "
CNN  -- Recently , the Senate Subcommittee on Consumer Protection successfully ignited a public discussion about dietary supplements . It 's about time . But this is only a first step , and of no substantive value without continued careful objective and scientific re-evaluation of how we view these products . The $ 30 billion dietary supplements industry , one of the fastest growing industries in the world , has reason to celebrate . More than half of Americans are taking supplements . This year marks the 20th anniversary of the passage of one of the most skillful pieces of legislation ever to undermine the health of Americans : The Dietary Supplement Health and Educational Act of 1994 . The result was to remove from regulation by the Food and Drug Administration any substances labeled as a dietary supplement . The act was passed with strong bipartisan support . After all , should n't we make it easier for Americans to access good nutrition ? If it is nutrition , is n't it good for you ? And , if a nutrient is essential for an important body function , should n't more of it improve that body function ? But supplements are not quite the amazing panacea that we have been led to believe . Supplements , which include substances such as vitamins and herbs , but can also include hormones and other pharmacologically active ingredients , can impact the effect and safety of various medications and alter our body 's physiologic functions . For instance , severe bleeding has been reported as a result of supplements taken at recommended doses around the time of even minor surgery . This is of great concern given that a survey conducted by researchers at the University of Colorado found that 40 % of patients undergoing surgery were taking herbal and vitamin supplements that block normal blood clotting and predispose them to excessive bleeding , and 17 % were taking supplements that may prolong the effect of anesthesia . Nutrients are chemicals , and almost all are known to have toxicity when taken in high doses . Look in any nutrition textbook and you will find lists of vitamin toxicities , some of which may even be fatal . For example , overdose of vitamin A will cause brain swelling and liver failure . This is , fortunately , not common . But intake of vitamin A , only slightly higher than the recommended daily allowance , has been associated with thinning of bones and a higher risk for fractures . Some supplements , like zinc , may cause harm even at low doses , since it can cause a significant decrease in the levels of copper , another essential mineral for the body . Vitamin E and selenium supplements have both been proven , in a well-designed randomized trial with more than 35,000 men , to cause statistically significant increases in the incidence of aggressive prostate cancer . The National Cancer Institute felt the results were concerning enough to post them on their website , with a strongly worded warning that men should not take these , despite the claims of supplement proponents who vehemently deny the scientific data , based on outlandish theories . Nor do these proponents disclose conflicts of interest , which real scientists are ethically bound to reveal when they are in a position to make personal gains . Despite the proven risks , the market is glutted with supplement companies and vitamin pushers who argue that supplements , from multivitamins to herbal cures for everything from the common cold to obesity , are natural and thus , safe . They fiercely advocate for keeping access to dietary supplements unfettered by government regulation , claiming that further regulation would unfairly deprive the public of access to these potentially beneficial substances . They cite theory and inappropriate data to support their claims and dismiss any evidence to the contrary . Proper randomized studies , such as those performed to establish safety and efficacy of prescription medications , are needed to establish cause and effect of supplements . Such studies require large numbers of patients and are extremely costly . Without regulatory pressures , there is little motivation for industry to do the studies , even as supplements bring in large profits from sales to the American public . The other option is observational or epidemiological research , which is easier and less expensive . But conclusions from these studies can only be used to note the coincidence of events , not cause and effect . Erroneous conclusions are often drawn  e.g. , only overweight people are on diets , therefore being on diets causes obesity  . And guesswork , which some supplement proponents use to deny the science , costs nothing . Most people , scientists and nonscientists , are not aware of the weaknesses in the scientific data on supplements . Part of this misunderstanding is the fault of us nutrition experts , who want very much to provide something to slake the hunger of the public for advice on what to do to stay young , thin , fit and healthy , and are loathe to say "  we do n't know . " It is a hopeful sign that this issue has come to the attention of the Senate Subcommittee on Consumer Protection . But there is so much to be done . Just because a product is brought to market and labeled as a dietary supplements , guarantees neither efficacy nor , more importantly , safety . On this anniversary of the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act , with lawmakers now willing to challenge this powerful industry , it is time to reassess the regulation of dietary supplements , consider our priorities in how funding is granted for nutrition research , reeducate the community of nutrition experts as well as the public , and be honest about our inability to offer definitive , safe and effective nutritional recommendations .	More than half of Americans are taking supplements , fueling a $ 30 billion industry David Seres : But supplements are not the amazing panacea that we are led to believe He says vitamin E and selenium supplements , for example , may not be safe for men Seres : We need to reassess regulation of dietary supplements and educate the public
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Hong Kong authorities began clearing barricades at a section of a downtown protest camp on Tuesday , taking action against the pro-democracy demonstrators that have occupied parts of the city for almost two months . The clearance followed a court order to remove obstructions outside CITIC Tower , a 33-story office building close to the main protest site in Hong Kong 's Admiralty district . There were no signs of resistance from protesters , some of whom helped bailiffs , police and CITIC representatives move the metal barricades away from the area covered by the court injunction . Earlier , others packed up their tents to pre-empt the bailiffs . The court order only covers a small part of the main protest site , which sprawls over a major eight-lane highway that connects Hong Kong island 's main financial and commercial districts . Hong Kong 's High Court has also issued a separate injunction to clear sections of a smaller protest site in Mong Kok , a densely populated neighborhood that has witnessed some of the most violent clashes . Earlier attempts by riot police to clear the demonstrators have not been successful , and negotiations between student leaders and government representatives did n't yield any progress . In their early days , the protests brought tens of thousands of people onto the city 's streets to call for full universal suffrage after Beijing said candidates for election in 2017 would have to be screened by a committee . However , their numbers have since dwindled and polls show that public support for the protesters is dropping . The city 's government said on Monday that police "  would arrest anyone obstructing the bailiffs . " Hong Kong leader C.Y. Leung said on Tuesday that the protesters were breaching the law and there was no point to resist the court order . CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout and Jonathan Stayton contributed to this report	Hong Kong authorities start clearing barricades at a section of a downtown protest camp The clearance followed a court order to remove obstructions outside CITIC Tower No sign of resistance from protesters , some of whom helped move metal barricades However , protest leaders have vowed not to leave the protest site
Lilongwe , Malawi  CNN  -- Malawi is in the midst of a population explosion . In 1966 , the country boasted a meager four million citizens . Today , that number hovers around the 15 million mark and could reach 37 million by 2050 . That 's a big number for a country half the size of the United Kingdom , and could spell trouble for indigenous wildlife . "  Animals know their range . They 're used to feeding and drinking  in certain areas  , and those features are still there in the mind of an elephant , " explains Alex Chunga , a manager at Kusungu National Park . "  When an animal goes back to where it used to go , and suddenly there are people , those people feel the animal is doing something wrong , but in essence , it used to be their home . " Each year , thousands of wild animals fall victim to human encroachment , poaching and the illegal pet trade . The Lilongwe Wildlife Center -- the country 's only accredited wildlife sanctuary -- is hoping to change that . They house over 200 animals and host educational tours for school children to get them into conservation early . Cast of characters Every animal as the Lilongwe Wildlife Center has a story , and often , not a happy one . Take for instance Stumpy , a one-armed baboon who was found tied to a tree outside a butcher shop . Because he likely would n't survive back in the wild , the Center will be his home for the remainder of his life . Then there are the seven owls  each since named after one of Snow White 's dwarfs  who a local found on his roof and , fearing they were bad luck , almost killed them before someone convinced him to call them in instead . There 's also Xena , a vervet monkey who was kept as a pet and tied to a rope on the roof of a barn . As a result , she 's never interacted with other monkeys , and has to be trained to coexist with her own kind . "  This is a good site for animals who are not getting the proper welfare , " says Yessiah Symon , Lilongwe 's head of animal care . Do they stay or do they go ? Lilongwe is partnered with Kasungu National Park , 111 miles outside of the reserve , to release some animals back into the wild . To qualify for release , an animal needs to have spent part of its life in the wild , or be young enough to adapt . It also has to be in good health . A lot goes into training animals to reintegrate into the world at large . For starters , there is a strict no-human contact policy . The subjects are also given predator awareness training . Once reintroduced into the park , some animals are then monitored by release managers to make sure they 're integrating properly . Conservation for the future To further the cause , Lilongwe hosts thousands of school children each year . Last year alone , they received over 30,000 school groups . They teach the children respect for wildlife , and try and drive home the point that some animals -- like primates -- are n't meant to be pets . "  We 've managed to come up with various modules , from targeting biodiversity , soil management , climate change , and wildlife welfare , " explains Clement Manjaalera , Lilongwe 's education manager . "  Inspiring youth to conserve nature , to look after animals and have respect towards these animals and also to take a leading role in these projects is important . It can be useful in helping them to have a sustainable livelihood . "	Each year , thousands of wild animals fall victim to poaching The Lilongwe Wildlife Center houses over 200 animal victims The Center helps rehabilitate animals back into the wild
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli and Palestinian negotiators are preparing to resume long-stalled direct talks on Wednesday , but news of Israeli plans for more than 1,000 new settlement units on disputed territory has cast their success into doubt . The two sides agreed to return to the negotiating table following intense diplomatic efforts by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on a visit to the region last month . But the news that Israeli authorities have given preliminary approval for new settlements in the West Bank and Jerusalem -- considered illegal under international law -- has angered senior Palestinian figures and prompted condemnation from Israel 's Western allies . Mark Regev , an Israeli government spokesman , told CNN that the announcement was a "  preliminary procedure decision " and that additional decisions would be needed before any construction could start . The issue of Israeli settlement-building in the occupied West Bank and Jerusalem derailed the last round of direct talks in 2010 . Nabil Abu Rudeineh , spokesman for the Palestinian presidency , told the official WAFA news agency that Israel 's latest settlement plan "  aims at obstructing the peace efforts . " Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the executive committee of the Palestine Liberation Organization , deplored the failure of the international community to hold Israel accountable for its actions . "  I think this whole series of settlement expansion , land confiscation will turn any peace initiative into a mockery , any negotiations become a travesty -- there is no possibility of peace with such actions and plans , " she said . "  Israel is destroying the negotiations , Israel is destroying any chances of peace , and Israel should be made to bear responsibility for this . " ` Undermine trust ' UK Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt called on the Israeli authorities Saturday to reverse its decision to advance plans for 1,096 settlement units in the West Bank and approve dozens of new units in East Jerusalem . "  Israeli settlements are illegal under international law , undermine trust and threaten the viability of the two-state solution , " he said . "  We urge both parties to continue to show the bold and decisive leadership needed for these efforts to succeed , and to avoid steps that undermine negotiations . " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said Thursday that the United States had been in touch with the Israeli government over the decision and was making its concerns known . "  Our position on settlements has not changed . We do not accept the legitimacy of continued settlement activity and oppose any efforts to legitimize settlement outposts , " she said . Psaki said she had no indication that the Israeli announcement would impact on the negotiations . Kerry , she added , "  has made clear that he believes both of the negotiating teams are at the table in good faith and are committed to working together to make progress . " Israel also approved the construction of a 69-unit settlement in East Jerusalem -- which Palestinians consider to be the capital of their future state -- just before Kerry 's visit last month . Palestinian chief peace negotiator Saeb Erekat said then that the world must act to stop Israel building more settlements . Letting its government get away with it , he said , takes away any motivation for Israel to work toward peace . The European Union angered Israeli leaders last month when it issued a directive that no EU funding or grants can go to Israeli settlements outside Israel 's pre-1967 borders . In January , the United Nations Human Rights Council said Israeli settlements amount to "  creeping annexation " of Palestinian territories by Israel and have taken a "  heavy toll " on the rights and sovereignty of Palestinians . CNN 's Kareem Khadder reported from Jerusalem and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	Israeli and Palestinian negotiators scheduled to meet for peace talks Israel has given preliminary approval for more than 1,000 new settlement units The last round of direct talks foundered on the issue of Israeli settlements on disputed land Palestinian officials say Israel is trying to obstruct the peace talks with its latest move
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Ramadan , that holy month of fasting and dawn-to-dusk abstinence , is a key period in the Muslim calendar apart from its standing as one of the five Pillars of Islam . Men gather to watch TV after breaking their fast in Manama , Bahrain . More typically associated with praying , fasting and religious contemplation , it 's also the month that Muslims are more glued to the tube than at any other time during the year , much like Thanksgiving or Christmas in the United States . The dozens of TV drama series known as "  musalsals , " prepared precisely for Ramadan -- and the loyal following they attract -- is testament to its significance in the Muslim world 's TV calendar . Quiz shows , talk shows and biographical series also form part of the annual Ramadan line-up . On the set of Ramadan 's TV dramas " "  Part of the Ramadan tradition is to gather with friends and family and watch TV , " Ismail Kutkut told CNN . Kutkut is the producer of a biopic about 1940s Egyptian singer Laila Mourad , one of Ramadan 2009 's most anticipated shows . "  There 's a lot more advertising than usual because of the high viewership , " Kutkut said . "  Subsequently , TV channels are able to pay series producers higher than average prices for their productions . " -LSB- That -RSB- encourages producers to make high quality shows since they 're guaranteed a good return on their investment . " Viewership shoots up during Ramadan , according to IPSOS , a Paris-based ratings agency , as does advertising -- and advertising costs . A 30-second ad on Dubai TV normally costs $ 1,748 , according to the agency . During Ramadan , that jumps to $ 6,588 , a 277 percent increase . Everywhere around the region , it 's the same story . On Saudi-owned MBC1 , an ad spot goes from $ 4,450 during the off-season to $ 12,104 during Ramadan -- almost three times as much , according to IPSOS . Watch Ramadan TV battles " The streets and rooftops of Cairo , the Arab world 's largest city , are plastered with huge ads for big-budget Ramadan shows , and the producers of programming across the Middle East compete fiercely for viewers . Egypt , with its decades-long cinematic history , has long dominated Ramadan TV . But new program producers in other Arab countries , Syria particularly , have lately been giving the Egyptians a run for their television money . "  Egypt has a long history in movie-making that goes back a hundred years , whereas the Syrians are new to this , " said Kutkut . "  It 's still too early to tell whether they will last in the industry . " The shows air after the "  iftar " meal -- the often elaborate family supper , eaten after dusk , when the daily fast is broken . "  TV has become something of a main course during Ramadan and it shares the importance of food , and sometimes it overtakes it , " Syrian director Bassam Al Mallah told CNN . Al Mallah 's hit show , "  Bab Al Hara , " was the most watched musalsal of last year 's Ramadan TV viewing extravaganza . "  The Arabic viewer during Ramadan tends to be more of a homebody . Staying home with the family is part of the Ramadan tradition , so most Ramadan TV shows are primarily geared toward a family audience . " "  Bab Al Hara " is a perfect example . A period Syrian soap now in its fourth Ramadan season , the series is the story of a man and his pregnant wife who are separated during the French occupation of Damascus during the two world wars . It portrays the life of extended Syrian families , all in period costume , living in old Damascus neighborhoods during that time . "  Bab al Hara , " like most Ramadan series , is on every night for the entire month . Asked what made the show so popular , actor Milad Youssef said it was because it delved into family relationships like "  the relationship between a father and his children , a mother and her children ... between siblings . " "  People were thirsty for such representations , especially since they were presented in a historical context , " he told CNN . "  When people saw that these values existed at a certain point in history and that it was on TV , they felt a kind of melancholy for that , and no doubt this reflects certain values that exist in today 's society . " Sometimes the shows can go too far , though , sparking condemnation from conservative clerics in the region . Last Ramadan , the hugely successful Turkish-made soap "  Noor , " whose end was timed to coincide with the holiday , was slammed by Saudi Arabia 's Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al-Asheikh as an immoral show produced by "  people who are specialists in crime and error , people who invite men and women to the devil . " The show , which in one episode alone last year reached a whopping 85 million people scattered from Morocco to the Gulf , features the marriage of "  poor but proud " Noor to "  rich but macho " Muhannad . Biographical series , like the one featuring singer Mourad , are also extremely popular with Ramadan audiences , according to Kutkut . "  There 's a huge demand for this genre , " he said , adding that if he had shopped his Mourad show around , he probably could have sold it to at least "  18 different channels . " Kutkut said shows that touch on pan-Arab issues , using actors from different countries speaking different Arabic dialects , also have tremendous appeal around the region . "  Shows that bring down barriers really appeal to people 's sensibilities , " he said . Egyptian actor , musician , TV talk show host and president of the Cairo Film Festival , Ezzat Abou Ouf , who plays Mourad 's father in this year 's biopic of the singer , said out of the some 60-80 TV series he 's involved with each year , 50 of them are destined for Ramadan . "  People are just so attached to the television during Ramadan , " he said . "  We do n't work a lot then , maybe that 's the reason , I do n't know . "	Muslims in the Mideast watch more TV during Ramadan than at any other time Ad rates shoot through the roof ; period soaps and biopics especially popular The shows can spark condemnation from conservative clerics Shows featuring pan-Arab issues and various Arabic dialects have appeal
Editor 's note : Anthony S. Fauci , M.D. , is director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases at the National Institutes of Health . Fauci has overseen research into preventing , diagnosing and treating disease and has made numerous discoveries related to HIV/AIDS . He has received the National Medal of Science , the Mary Woodard Lasker Award for Public Service and the Presidential Medal of Freedom . April 25 , 2009 , is World Malaria Day . Dr. Anthony Fauci says we should aim to eradicate the killer disease of malaria . CNN  -- For the past few decades when talking about malaria , public health officials and malaria experts have avoided the word "  eradication . " This reluctance is based in part on relatively recent history . In 1955 , the World Health Organization  WHO  launched a valiant effort to eradicate malaria throughout the world . Although the disease was virtually eliminated in many temperate regions and reduced in some tropical areas , the goal of worldwide eradication fell short , and the effort ultimately was abandoned . Today , malaria has resurged with a vengeance . Half the world 's population is at risk of malaria infection . Approximately 250 million people get sick with malaria each year and nearly a million individuals die -- mostly young children and pregnant women in sub-Saharan Africa . So when Bill and Melinda Gates dared to resurrect the "  E " word in 2007 , many in the public health community were skeptical and said in private conversation , "  It ca n't be done . " We at the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases initially leaned toward the views of the large chorus of "  eradication skeptics , " but as the idea began to sink in and we assessed the research landscape , a new sense of optimism emerged . We now believe that malaria eradication -- controlling and eliminating the malaria parasite in every region across the globe -- is possible , but only if we learn from history and our past mistakes . Previous efforts to eradicate malaria failed for several reasons , including political instability and technical challenges in delivering resources , especially in certain countries in Africa . The goal of malaria eradication , although popular among physicians and public health workers , did not muster sustained widespread support among the general public . The diversity of malaria in communities across the globe and the changes in tools and monitoring strategies required over time to achieve eradication were not fully appreciated . And the impact and sustainability of single interventions such as the drug chloroquine and the pesticide DDT were overestimated . Inevitably , malaria parasites developed resistance to commonly used drugs and mosquito vectors became insecticide-resistant . Unfortunately , investments in the research needed to develop new tools was never really adequate . And a sustainable yet flexible infrastructure to deliver the treatment and preventive services that could respond to a changing epidemiology was never developed . It is now widely recognized that any attempt at malaria eradication must be a long-term commitment that involves multiple interventions , disciplines , strategies and organizations . One of the means to develop important new tools critical for the eradication of malaria is through biomedical research . The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases recognizes that malaria eradication will require a sustained , multidisciplinary research effort by multiple partners across the globe . Indeed , we are a part of a global initiative recently launched by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation called the Malaria Eradication Research and Development Agenda involving research sponsors , public health agencies and interested organizations throughout the world joined by the common collaborative goal of malaria eradication . As we work toward controlling and eliminating malaria in endemic regions of the world , it will be important to monitor shifts in disease patterns as we achieve success . Malaria-carrying mosquitoes may die out in some regions , but reappear in others . Certain drugs may be successful in reducing the burden and controlling the spread of the malaria parasite , but other parasites may soon emerge to reintroduce or resume the disease . Such changes in the patterns of the disease will require new interventions : diagnostics , drugs and ultimately an effective vaccine . Thus , we must maintain a robust pipeline of new interventions that can substitute for failing ones . In developing a research plan for controlling , eliminating and eventually eradicating malaria , we are confronted by substantial challenges . An immediate challenge is diagnosis . Different species of the malaria parasite exist , and it is important to have sensitive and rapid diagnostics that can detect which species are infecting patients and whether they are resistant to standard malaria drug regimens so that the optimal drugs are administered . As our successes mount , we also will need rapid new diagnostics to detect infected individuals with no symptoms who might re-introduce the parasite into areas where the disease has been controlled or eliminated . A second challenge will be to translate the enormous wealth of basic information about malaria parasites , mosquito vectors and the human host into new intervention strategies . For example , we now know the genetic sequences from Anopheles gambiae , the most important mosquito species for spreading malaria , and for the two major malaria parasites of humans : Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax . It is a daunting task to translate this information into better ways of blocking transmission and preventing and treating infection . Finally , perhaps our greatest challenge is sustaining our research efforts until the ultimate eradication of malaria . We may run the risk of becoming victims of our own success . Once we find ways to reduce the disease burden and deaths due to malaria , the world may no longer perceive malaria as a major threat and may lose interest . Celebrities , politicians and even health officials may focus their attention on other maladies that pose a more immediate threat . We can not allow this to happen . Unless we want to face the persistence and even resurgence of malaria in the next century and beyond , we must maintain our resolve to fully eradicate this deadly scourge across the globe . It can be done . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anthony S. Fauci .	Dr. Anthony Fauci : Eradicating malaria was dismissed as impossible He says a reassessment shows the disease can be wiped out over time Fauci says malaria sickens 250 million and kills nearly a million a year Fauci says it will take coordinated effort , including more research
CNN  -- It is a noise that has become synonymous with watching top-level tennis -- the sound of ear-splitting shrieks and grunts as star players battle against each other in a bid to claim the sport 's biggest prizes . The yelps of three-time grand slam champion Maria Sharapova and world No. 3 Victoria Azarenka have been the source of much conversation this week at the Australian Open in Melbourne -- the year 's first grand slam . It might reach a crescendo on Saturday when they meet in the women 's final , with the No. 1 ranking also at stake . "  About Maria , I mean , what can I say ? " said eighth seed Agnieszka Radwanska in a press conference following her quarterfinal defeat to Belarus ' Azarenka on Tuesday . "  For sure that is pretty annoying and it 's just too loud . " Who will be 2012 Australian Open victors ? Throughout her career -- which has included reaching No. 1 in the world , a breakthrough win aged 17 at Wimbledon in 2004 and two further grand slam titles -- Sharapova has been renowned for the volume of her on-court vocalizations . "  I 've heard it a few times over my career , " the 24-year-old Russian said . "  You 've watched me grow up , you 've watched me play tennis . "  I 've been the same over the course of my career . No one important enough has told me to change or do something different . "  Right now there is no rule change . I do n't hear that there will be one , so it does n't really matter what my answer would be , would it ? " At present , there are no WTA Tour rules which directly prohibit grunting . Female tennis ' governing body does , however , have regulations which outlaw hindrances . Rivals reunited : Kvitova faces Sharapova in semis An involuntary hindrance would cover a player 's hat falling off , or a ball rolling from their pocket . In this instance , a let is called and the point is replayed . Any hindrance deemed deliberate by the umpire would result in the loss of a point . Although the issue of grunting is not mentioned in the International Tennis Federation 's 2012 rulebook , the WTA explained how they are attempting to coach the trait out of the next generation of players . "  Everyone who watches tennis knows grunting is a part of the game , and we are aware that some fans find it bothersome , " read a WTA statement . "  We are currently in the process of exploring how to reduce excessive grunting , especially for younger players just starting out , without adversely affecting players who have developed their game under the current training "  We do believe that we need to address the concerns expressed by some fans and take a careful look at our rules and education policies . " Switzerland 's Martina Hingis retired in 2007 after a 13-year playing career which saw her claim five grand slam titles , including three successive Australian Open triumphs between 1997 and 1999 . The former world No. 1 , who is playing in the senior 's event in Melbourne , said the noises were more irksome for fans and viewers and largely go unnoticed by players . Djokovic downplays injury scare ahead of Murray rematch But Hingis did admit to being baffled by some of the noises coming from the opposite end of the court . "  It 's just sometimes when they were stretching a little bit more , you 're like : ` What are you doing ? ' The more they had to stretch the louder it got , " the 31-year-old explained . "  Or sometimes it 's like a heavy grunt and it 's on the service line and the ball does n't have any weight on it . But I think it 's more of an issue with the spectators . " Due to the volume and unique nature of world No. 3 Azarenka 's screams , the Rod Laver Arena crowd took to mimicking her during a second round win over Australian Casey Dellacqua . "  Of course I hear it . I mean , I 'm not deaf , " the 22-year-old joked . "  But it 's fine for me . I mean , I respect the crowd , whatever they do . I try to just be focused on my game . " So , with the WTA focused on coaching grunting out of the next generation of talent , it looks as if opponents of Sharapova and Azarenka will have to put up with the deafening screams for the foreseeable future . Or start wearing ear plugs ...	Agnieszka Radwanska has criticized Maria Sharapova for grunting during matches World No. 4 Sharapova has defended the noises , saying they are not against the rules The WTA is attempting to coach grunting out of the next generation of talent Victoria Azarenka 's shrieks were immitated by the crowd at the Australian Open
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Ramesh Makwana knew the risks to his health by working in an agate factory , but at $ 4 a day the rewards were too great . Now , after 14 years of breathing in the fine dust created by grinding and polishing the gemstone , Makwana has silicosis , a respiratory disease that swells the lungs . "  He 's thankful to the stone because it helped him survive for so long . But now that he has lost so much , it is also a feeling of anger , " Makwana told CNN through an interpreter , Mohit Gupta , the co-ordinator for the Occupational , Environmental Health Network of India . "  He has lost his parents to it , and he himself knows he 's going to die some day , " he said . It 's not known how many other workers in Asia are suffering from occupational diseases , but the Asia Monitor Resource Center  AMRC  has warned that the region is facing an epidemic . The last estimate on work-related diseases in Asia was released by the International Labor Organization in 2008 . It estimated that more than 1.1 million people in Asia were dying each year . "  One-point-one million is a really high number , but even then we 're not sure , we think it may be a really conservative number , " said Sanjiv Pandita , Executive Director of the AMRC . Frustrated by the lack of official records , Pandita and his team set out to find the true extent of the problem in six Asian countries : China , India , Cambodia , the Philippines , Thailand and Indonesia . A report released ahead of this year 's International Workers ' Memorial Day on April 28 , found similar problems in all countries ; a lack of official data on the number of cases , partly due to a reluctance to diagnose work-related illness for fear of the financial cost . "  The problem is there is no data , absolutely no data . You can get quarterly data for economic statistics , but you ca n't get any data about the workers ... what is their health , how are they faring ? There is no data on that , " Pandita said . The problem is not being recognized nor addressed , Pandita said , because governments and industry in the region are prioritizing economic growth over people . "  I think it 's complete apathy from the government , from the industry and from all of us as a society . We 're just too insensitive . We think it 's OK for people to die producing things . I do n't know . I can not understand , " he said . Wang Fengping fights back tears when asked how her life has changed since she suffered the effects of cadium poisoning after working 15 years in a battery factory in China . "  Before I found myself having the cadium poisoning I felt my life and work were quite happy . Although it was sometimes tiring , but I also found my job rewarding , I liked my job , " she said in an interview with CNN . Wang was a relatively highly paid engineer in charge of maintaining the battery-making machines . "  After this poisoning and my kidney was badly destroyed so my body became very weak , " she said , adding that she no longer works due to the effects of kidney failure . Wang said she has struggled to find a doctor in China willing to certify her illness as an occupational disease , a pre-condition of any claim for compensation . Pandita said in many cases employees have struggled to even prove they were employed . "  It 's coming up as a major issue , especially in China . The first thing they have to do if somebody gets sick , they have to submit their work contract . And many times they do n't have that . And employers refuse to give it . So it 's a very complicated procedure they 're made to go through , " he said . In other cases , workers , especially migrants , are not covered by labor laws . When they get ill , they go home and for employers the problem disappears . A lack of regulation over the use of toxic materials is also exacerbating workplace illness , Pandita added . "  The problem in Asia we face is that industries still use a lot of hazardous materials and chemicals which may be banned elsewhere . Like asbestos . It 's banned in almost 80 countries worldwide . We still use it in Asia , " he said . Non-governmental organizations are working within countries to try to warn workers of the cost , and to encourage victims to unite to try to push for compensation . In Makwana 's village of Shakarpur in the Khambat region of Gujarat , India , efforts are underway to educate workers at the agate factories , and to find them other , safer sources of income . "  The organization has been trying to rehabilitate people , find alternative employment for people , in arts and agriculture , " Gupta said . "  But of course it does n't pay as much as this work pays , but at least they 'll still be alive for a long time . "	Asia Monitor Resource Center releases report warning of Asian worker ` epidemic ' Many falling ill and dying each year due to occupational disease across Asia Center director Sanjiv Pandita : "  The problem is there is no data " In 2008 , ILO estimated that more than 1.1 M Asians died from occupational disease each year
CNN  -- Rape by mop handle , smashed teeth , broken bones , lacerated faces , concussions and dislocations . That 's a short list of sexual exploitation and physical maltreatment that teen boys suffered at a naval training school in Australia . The abuse at the HMAS Leeuwin naval base occurred mainly in the 1960s and '70s , according to a report released by a defense department task force investigating abuse in the country 's armed forces . The victims , mostly aged 15-17 , were junior recruits at the school . They were mostly abused by higher-ranking junior recruits , who were not reprimanded for their behavior , but staff also committed much of the brutality , the Defence Abuse Response Taskforce said . Investigators heard 238 complaints of abuse , which detailed instances of forced sodomy , naked beatings and brutal rituals including genital abuse , and verbal and physical intimidation . The nightmarish mistreatment scarred young men for life , many of whom sought solace in drugs and alcohol or , in later years , suffered breakdowns of their careers and relationships . The youth training program at HMAS Leeuwin ended in 1984 . Australian panel told of sexual abuse of boys at Salvation Army homes CNN 's Jessica King contributed to this report .	Investigators heard 238 complaints of heavy abuse at HMAS Leeuwin training school Victims endured naked beatings , rape with mop handle , genital abuse Beatings ended in broken bones , smashed teeth , cut faces , concussions Most of the abuse was in the 1960s and '70s ; the training program shut down in 1984
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- International officials arrived in Iran on Sunday to inspect a newly disclosed nuclear facility near the city of Qom , state media reported . Inspectors from the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog -- the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  -- will visit the installation to make sure it is being used for peaceful purposes , said Ali Akbar Salehi , the head of Atomic Energy Organization of Iran , according to the Islamic Republic News Agency . The three-day visit comes after Iran said Friday that it needs more time to decide whether to sign onto a deal that could help end the international showdown over its nuclear activities . That proposal calls for low-enriched uranium produced in Iran to be sent abroad for further enrichment and then returned for use in medical research and treatment . Tehran is studying the draft proposal and will have an answer next week , Iranian diplomat Ali Asghar Soltanieh said on state-run Press TV . Iran informed IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei that it is "  considering the proposal in depth and in a favorable light , but it needs until the middle of next week to provide a response , " according to an IAEA statement . Delegations from Iran , France , Russia , the United States and the IAEA met in Vienna this week to work out details of the tentative deal reached in early October . And France , Russia and the United States indicated their approval of the arrangement . "  The Director General hopes that Iran 's response will equally be positive , since approval of this agreement will signal a new era of cooperation , " the IAEA statement said . Tehran sent shock waves through the international community by revealing in a letter to the IAEA the existence of a second nuclear enrichment facility near Qom . "  It is important for us to send out inspectors to do comprehensive verification ... to assure ourselves that it is ... fit for peaceful purposes , " ElBaradei said earlier this month . After the inspection , but before the end of the month , Iranian officials are expected to meet with the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council -- Britain , China , France , Russia and the United States -- plus Germany to further discuss Tehran 's nuclear program . Iran 's leaders maintain that their nation 's nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes , but many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities . Low-enriched nuclear fuel can be further enriched into weapons-grade material .	NEW : Visit comes after Iran says it needs more time to mull deal over uranium production Tehran has revealed the existence of a second nuclear enrichment facility Iran says its nuclear program is intended solely for peaceful purposes Many in the West believe Iran is pursuing nuclear weapons capabilities
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama unveiled a new $ 5 billion veterans jobs plan Friday that the administration says will put thousands of men and women who once wore their country 's uniform back to work . The new Veterans Jobs Corps initiative , first mentioned in the president 's State of the Union address last week , involves partnerships with the Veterans Administration and the Interior Department , as well as state and local law enforcement agencies . Under the blueprint , the administration will award $ 166 million in grant money to communities that show a preference for hiring post-9 / 11 veterans for new law enforcement positions . In addition , $ 320 million in grant money will be awarded to various fire departments who pledge to hire and train new veterans . Money for those grants has already been appropriated by Congress . The president , however , will now seek an additional $ 4 billion in his upcoming budget to expand both programs . Congress last fall rejected a similar proposal that was part of the president 's broader jobs initiative . The president rolled out the new plan during a speech at an Arlington , Virginia , firehouse . "  This has been a top priority of mine , " he declared . "  These are Americans that every business should be competing to attract . These are the Americans that we want to keep serving here at home as we rebuild this country . So we 're going to do everything we can to make sure that when our troops come home they come home to new jobs and new opportunities and new ways to serve their country . " The president 's upcoming budget will also include a $ 1 billion proposal to create as many as 20,000 new jobs for veterans relating to conservation efforts on America 's federal and state public lands . That initiative , to be overseen by the Department of Interior , would put veterans to work in visitor and tourism-related jobs as well as positions that will assist in general upkeep and maintenance roles throughout the country 's public parks and nature preserves . It is unclear what type of reception the overall proposal will receive on Capitol Hill , particularly among Republicans who have been complaining about rising deficits . "  These are commonsense initiatives to serve our 9/11 veterans who are coming home , " Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar told reporters on a conference call . "  We hope Congress does its job  in approving the funding  . " Veterans Affairs Secretary Eric Shinseki said Thursday the president will also propose expanding training programs for entrepreneurial veterans seeking to start their own businesses . This program would include online training seminars conducted by the Small Business Administration lasting as long as eight weeks and could serve as many as 10,000 veterans annually , according to administration estimates . "  Our country owes them a debt of gratitude and we must ensure that veterans who come home from Afghanistan and Iraq get the opportunities they deserve , " Shinseki said . The unemployment rate for post-9 / 11 veterans is 11.1 % , nearly 3 percentage points higher than the country 's overall unemployment rate . Among the president 's few jobs proposals to clear Congress last year were new tax credits for businesses that hire recent veterans . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	NEW : Obama calls jobs for veterans "  a top priority " The initiative would involve the Veterans Administration and Interior Department Grant money would be awarded to towns and fire departments that train and hire veterans The proposal 's $ 5 billion price tag makes it a potentially tough sell in Congress
CNN  -- David Beckham is the highest-paid soccer player in the world , according to prestigious magazine France Football . The former England captain , who recently joined Paris Saint-Germain on a five-month contract , attracts more cash than four-time FIFA World Player of the Year Lionel Messi and Real Madrid 's Portuguese superstar Cristiano Ronaldo . Beckham , who spent five years with the Los Angeles Galaxy between 2007 and 2012 , is set to earn $ 46.5 million     36 million  during the 2012-13 football season through his salary , endorsements and other business ventures . The midfielder 's entire PSG salary , which is estimated to make up 5 % of his total earnings , will be donated to a Paris children 's charity . Second on the magazine 's rich list was Barcelona 's Messi , who will reportedly make $ 45.2 million this season , with $ 17 million coming from salary and bonuses . The Argentine has been in prolific form this season , scoring 42 goals in 28 Spanish First Division matches . The 25-year-old recently signed a new contract with Barca which will keep him in Catalunya until June 2018 . Real 's Ronaldo has so often trailed narrowly behind Messi on the pitch , and so it is the financial stakes . The forward is set to pocket $ 39 million , although his salary and bonuses are slightly higher than Messi 's at $ 17.5 million . Ronaldo 's coach and compatriot Jose Mourinho is the highest paid team boss on the planet , according to the list . The former Inter Milan and Chelsea coach will take home $ 18 million over the course of this season . Carlo Ancelotti , Beckham 's coach at PSG , is set to earn $ 15.5 million , while his fellow Italian Marcello Lippi was given $ 14 million to lead Guangzhou Evergrande to the Chinese Super League title . France Football , first published in 1946 , organized the Ballon d'Or award for European footballer of the year until it was merged with FIFA 's world player of the year award in 2010 .	David Beckham is named as the highest-paid footballer in the world The PSG midfielder earns $ 46.5 million , according to France Football magazine Barcelona 's Lionel Messi second on the list ahead of Cristiano Ronaldo Real Madrid 's Jose Mourinho is the highest-earning coach in the game
To many Westerners , Manga is synonymous with fantasy -- its glossy lines , popping color palettes and fanciful scenarios are an escapist 's delight . But one of the most celebrated makers of the wildly popular Japanese graphic novels says he draws on reality as much as possible . Takehiko Inoue was just 23 when his second Manga propelled him to fame in Japan . "  Slam Dunk , " published in 31 volumes of magazine "  Weekly Shonen Jump " in the early 1990s , followed the fortunes of a loveless delinquent who joins a basketball team to impress a girl , and then discovers a natural ability for the game . Inoue 's interest in Manga was piqued when , at nine years old , he read a popular baseball Manga called "  Dokaben . " It had "  attractive characters , " he recalls , "  and how they play baseball and how their bodies were drawn -- all these things looked so cool . " A keen basketball player at high school , Inoue says drawing a basketball Manga was a natural way for him to combine his two loves , and he believes "  Slam Dunk " readers could see the obvious enjoyment he took from drawing basketball . "  I really drew it in the way I liked , did whatever I wanted , " he says . "  Slam Dunk " has now sold almost 120 million copies , been licensed in 17 countries , and adapted into an anime TV series . An English version was released in North America in 2002 . Its popularity endures : According to a 2012 survey by research group goo , it is still the second most popular Japanese Manga , and is responsible for the single most memorable piece of dialogue -- when a coach says , "  If you give up , the game is already over ! " Its legacy has also continued well beyond the page . Inoue is credited by some with having popularized basketball amongst a whole generation of high school students . In 2007 , his publisher inaugurated a scholarship that sends high school basketball players to study in America , and in 2010 , Inoue received a commendation from the Japanese Basketball Association , for his services to the sport . More from Human to Hero : America 's black cowboys fight for their place in history Inoue says he likes to photograph scenery -- flowers , trees , cats , the sky -- to deepen his appreciation of the natural world . He also draws on first-hand observation : While working on "  Real , " an award-winning wheelchair basketball Manga begun in 2001 , Inoue attended a Paralympic game to study the players ' musculature and posture . "  After I saw it closely , I was able to draw with more reality , " he says . When he is ready to start a new work , Inoue first discusses possible storylines with an editor . Next , he installs himself in a cafe -- where he ca n't be distracted by DVDs or the internet -- and begins drafting the story in small sections , hand-drawing with pencil on paper . He conceives in terms of double-page spreads -- "  I think about what the readers would see first when they open the next page : What would jump into his or her eyes first ? " -- and says , ideally , characters generate their own narrative . "  If you can have vivid characters , they will make the story themselves . By putting them in certain situations or having one meet another , they naturally make stories by reacting to each other . " "  It sounds like a very easy thing , " he adds . "  I wish it was . " Inoue finds the next stage , drawing with pen or brush , more enjoyable . With pen , he says , "  I get into a very subtle , delicate world of work ; " with brush drawing , "  it gives me more freedom ... the brush goes to some uncontrollable place . " More from Human to Hero : Chinese sculptor Xiang Jing 's painful search for truth In particular , Inoue says he pours himself into the task of capturing facial expressions . "  I try to express what kind of feelings the characters are having , and how strong those feelings are , as if they are actually coming out of my body . "  It is like I become one with the character , " he says . "  I think it is similar to acting . " "  When I am drawing the face expression of the character , I have the same expression on my face . I never realized myself , but people have told me so . " Tradition dictates that he take special care over face shapes and eyes , but he says drawing hair is fun . "  There is no set way of drawing  hair  so I can draw pretty much as I like ... You do n't have to think about anything when you draw hair . " Inoue also strives for realism in behavior and dialogue , and says the most important thing is to create and populate a world readers can believe in . "  The imaginary person should exist as if they really exist there , and should think in the way they should , act the way they should , and say a word that they would say . "  I This is n't solely about drawing technique , but also depends on a certain authenticity . "  The picture should be the artist 's original one and it does n't matter whether it is drawn well or not , " Inoue says . "  Manga artists are different from painters : We have to have a story , meaning , and entertainment . "	Takehiko Inoue has drawn some of Japan 's most popular mangas , including the basketball-themed Slam Dunk His work is credited with inspiring a generation of Japanese students to take up basketball He says he studies nature , and draws on his own emotions to achieve the realism that makes his work so engaging
CNN  A University of Kentucky basketball player is apologizing for the "  poor choice of words " he muttered under his breath after the team 's stunning loss to Wisconsin on Saturday . As a deflated panel of Wildcats fielded a reporter 's question about Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky , a hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Kaminsky , "  F**k that  N-word  . " Harrison , who is is black , said his words were "  in jest , " and that he meant no disrespect to Kaminsky , who is white . "  First I want to apologize for my poor choice of words used in jest towards a player I respect and know , " Harrison tweeted . "  When I realized how this could be perceived I immediately called big frank to apologize and let him know I did n't mean any disrespect . " Kaminsky -- the 2015 Associated Press player of the year -- said Sunday that he was "  over it . " "  He reached out to me . We talked about it . -LSB- I 'm -RSB- Over it , " he said . "  Nothing needs to be made out of it . " Harrison said he wished Kaminsky well in Monday 's national title game against Duke . "  We had a good conversation , and I wished him good luck in the championship game Monday . " CNN reached out to Kentucky for comment on Sunday but did not hear back . Kentucky vs. Wisconsin nets biggest Final Four ratings in 22 years	Kentucky player mutters N-word under his breath about a Wisconsin player at postgame news conference Andrew Harrison , who is black , tweets that he apologized to Frank Kaminsky , who is white Kaminsky says he 's talked it over with Harrison -- ` I 'm over it "
CNN  Georgia has its first confirmed case of measles since 2012 , the state 's Health Department said Monday . "  The infected infant arrived in Atlanta from outside of the U.S. and is being cared for at Egleston at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta , " the Georgia Department of Public Health said in a statement . Health officials are working with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention "  to identify anyone who may have been exposed to the patient and to prevent further spread of measles , " the statement said . Measles is a serious and highly contagious respiratory disease that spreads when a person breathes , coughs or sneezes and droplets travel through the air . The disease is especially dangerous for infants , who can not receive vaccines until they are at least 6 months old . Young children are also particularly vulnerable in cases in which they have received only one dose of measles vaccine . Symptoms include fever , cough , runny nose and red eyes , tiny white spots on the inner lining of the cheek and a rash with tiny red spots that starts at the head and spreads . Though there 's no cure for measles , it can be prevented with the MMR vaccine , which is 97 % effective , according to medical professionals . "  Keeping immunization levels high is critical to preventing outbreaks or sustained transmission in Georgia , " said Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald , commissioner of the Georgia Department of Public Health . "  More than 98 percent of children heading into kindergarten in our state have received all school required vaccines , which includes two doses of measles vaccine . " Measles was declared eliminated in the United States in 2000 , but a recent outbreak has been traced to Disneyland in California . As of February 6 , there are 121 cases of measles in 17 states and Washington , D.C. , the CDC said . There are 88 cases in California , and 103 cases nationwide are linked to the Disneyland outbreak . The state with the second-highest number of measles cases is Arizona , which has seven , the CDC reports . Illinois has three , and Washington has four . The other places reporting one or more cases are Colorado , Delaware , the District of Columbia , Michigan , Minnesota , Nebraska , Nevada , New Jersey , New York , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Dakota , Texas and Utah . The Georgia case is unrelated to the recent California outbreak , the Georgia Health Department said Monday . CNN 's Glen Dacy and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	"  The infected infant arrived in Atlanta from outside of the U.S. , " the Georgia Department of Health reports Health officials are seeking possible exposures and aim to prevent the disease 's spread , it says It 's Georgia 's first confirmed measles case since 2012
New York  CNN  -- The newspaper that published an online , interactive map of handgun permit holders in two suburban New York counties hired armed guards to protect its office after negative backlash from the map publication , according to a local police report . The January 1 report from the Clarkstown police department in Rockland County confirms the presence of armed private security guards at the Journal News . The incident report stemmed from e-mail responses to the newspaper 's online map . The police statement says Caryn McBride , the paper 's Rockland editor , reported "  that she received an e-mail from an unknown subject who wrote that he wondered what  she  would get in her mail now . " "  The e-mail was brief and did not contain any threats , " the police report continues , adding that the officer who wrote it told McBride "  the e-mail did not constitute an offense . " The report adds that a private company "  is doing private security work on location at the Journal News ...  the company 's  employees are armed and will be on site ... through at least January 2 , 2013 . " FBI gun background checks hit record highs The Journal News did not immediately respond Wednesday when asked by CNN for comment . The armed guards ' presence at Journal News comes after gun-owning blogger Christopher Fountains posted the home addresses of newspaper staffers on his blog in response to the map , which was published online on December 22 . Fountains spoke to CNN 's "  Starting Point with Soledad O'Brien " last week to explain his reasoning behind the posting . "  I felt they were using this  the interactive map showing gun permit-holders ' addresses  to harass gun owners , " Fountain said . "  So I harassed them back . " Fountain posted the name , home address and phone numbers of the Journal News ' publisher , editor , visual editor and several other staff members . Fountain told CNN 's "  Early Start " that he was offended by the newspaper 's actions and "  wondered how they would like it if their addresses were published . " The map , published by the Journal News , allows readers to zoom in on red dots that indicate which residents in Westchester and Rockland counties are licensed to own pistols or revolvers . Blue dots indicated permit holders who "  have purchased a firearm or updated the information on a permit in the past five years . " Airport screeners discover more than 1,500 guns in 2012 The paper 's publisher , Janet Hasson , president of the Journal News Media Group , defended the decision December 26 in a statement . "  One of our roles is to report publicly available information on timely issues , even when unpopular . We knew publication of the database  as well as the accompanying article providing context  would be controversial , but we felt sharing information about gun permits in our area was important in the aftermath of the Newtown shootings , " she said , referring to the school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , in December .	A newspaper in suburban New York published an online map of handgun permit-holders The publication triggered strong response , including e-mails An editor at the paper reported one e-mail to police The resulting police report confirms private armed guards were hired by the paper
Vladivostok , Russia  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton signaled Saturday that Congress could move to repeal Cold War-era legislation governing trade relations with Russia as soon as this month . Clinton 's comments regarding the so-called Jackson-Vanik amendment came as she addressed business leaders in the Russian city of Vladivostok , where she is standing in for President Barack Obama at the head of the U.S. delegation to the APEC Economic Leaders ' Meeting . "  To make sure our companies get to compete here in Russia , we are working closely with the United States Congress to terminate the application to Jackson-Vanik to Russia and grant Russian Permanent Normalized Trade Relations , " she said . "  We hope that the Congress will pass on this important piece of legislation this month . " The Jackson-Vanik amendment was passed in 1974 as a way of pressuring Russia to allow Soviet Jews to emigrate . With the collapse of the Soviet Union , that was no longer an issue , but legislators kept the amendment on the books to pressure Russia on other issues . The United States has waived it every year since 1994 , but it still violates World Trade Organization rules requiring members of the body to give one another permanent normal trade relations . Russia finally entered the WTO this summer , raising the stakes for the United States to end a measure that critics warn could end up costing it business . Clinton discussed the Jackson-Vanik amendment with her Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov over a working breakfast , Nuland said . "  She said that the Congress was going to start voting and that we have strongly pushed and been supportive , and we think that it 's time for Jackson-Vanik to be repealed , " Nuland said of Clinton . The Secretary of State shares the concerns of many in Congress about the human rights situation in Russia "  and we 're continuing to talk to them about those issues , " Nuland added . Clinton and Lavrov also debated the ongoing situations in Syria and Iran , Nuland said . On Syria , the themes were similar to discussions held in St. Petersburg in June , Nuland said . "  We remain extremely concerned that if the UN Security Council does n't take a stronger stand in support of peace and security , that it is abrogating its responsibility , that we need to do it in a way where there are consequences for noncompliance , which the Russians have not been supportive of in the past and which we really think are necessary if it 's going to actually advance the ball , " Nuland said . Clinton also made clear to Lavrov that U.S. concerns extended to the "  extremely negative effect " of the ongoing conflict in Syria on stability in the wider region , Nuland said . Clinton labels Pakistan-based group as terrorists Clinton and Russian President Vladimir Putin held one-on-one talks before dinner Saturday evening , when the question of Syria came up again . They also discussed Iran , missile defense and the need for increased bilateral trade and investment in the 15-minute meeting , before turning to wild life conservation and other matters over dinner . Clinton spoke with Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda too , on issues including a hotly disputed set of small islands in the East China Sea . The question of sovereignty over the islands has led to renewed diplomatic tensions between Beijing and Tokyo in recent weeks . In the course of their meeting Saturday morning , Clinton and Lavrov signed a memorandum of understanding on cooperation in the Antarctic and another on strengthening U.S.-Russian interregional cooperation . Clinton said the agreements would stimulate economic growth and deepen the two nations ' scientific cooperation in Antarctica . "  Scientists from both our countries will work together to explore Antarctica 's terrain , study the effects of climate change , and cooperate on a range of issues to better understand and protect our shared environment , " she said . The Obama administration had previously indicated its desire to lift the Jackson-Vanik amendment as part of its "  reset " of U.S. relations with Moscow . And in an editorial in The Wall Street Journal in June , Clinton argued that leaving the amendment in place could hurt U.S. interests . Clinton visits young nation of East Timor , misses husband 's speech Ending Jackson-Vanik is not "  a gift to Russia , " Clinton wrote . "  It is a smart , strategic investment in one of the fastest growing markets for U.S. goods and services . " Clinton 's visit to Russia is the last stop on a week-and-a-half-long trip to the Asia Pacific region . She became the first U.S. secretary of state Thursday to visit East Timor since the developing Southeast Asian nation gained full independence from Indonesia 10 years ago , meeting with President Taur Matan Ruak and Prime Minister Kay Rala Xanana Gusmao . She also stopped by Brunei . Earlier in the week , she held a series of meetings with senior Chinese officials , including Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi , in Beijing . Her tour started in the Cook Islands , in the Pacific Ocean , followed by a visit to Indonesia , an increasingly important regional player . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Clinton discusses Syria , Iran and missile defense with Russia 's Vladimir Putin Congress may vote on lifting a Cold War-era trade amendment this month , Clinton says The Jackson-Vanik amendment was passed in 1974 as a way to pressure Russia Clinton is in Vladivostok for the APEC Economic Leaders ' Meeting
Coastal Living  -- Underwater photographer and adventurer Tanya Burnett-Palmer shares her favorite places to sightsee beneath the waves . Keep an eye out for jacks , tarpon , turtles and the occasional dolphin or porpoise at Dean 's Blue Hole in the Bahamas Dean 's Blue Hole , Long Island , Bahamas A blue hole is created when the ceiling to an ancient cave system collapses in the ocean -- Dean 's is thought to be the world 's deepest . Fin your way off the powder-white beach and watch the sand go from 5 to more than 600 feet deep in just a few kicks . On-site secret : I found I could circumnavigate the entire blue hole by swimming along the cliff base and sandy shoals . On a light-wind day , it 's easy to snorkel the protective reef near the mouth of the small bay . Keep an eye out for : jacks , tarpon , turtles , the occasional dolphin or porpoise -- almost anything can wander in . Small reef fish stay in the shallows . Coastal Living : 2009 best seafood dives When to go : all year ; 242/338 -0011 or reeldivers.com . Buck Island , St. Croix , USVI An underwater trail makes navigating the tropical fish and young elkhorn coral easy . What rounds out a trip to this national park so nicely for me is a visit to Turtle Beach on Buck Island 's west end . A nap under a palm tree here , poised between emerald forest and aquamarine seas , will enhance your definition of paradise . On-site secret : If you 're still honing your snorkeling skills , seek out the operators sanctioned by the park ; they 're quick with instruction and help . Keep an eye out for : the three species of sea turtles that call the park a nesting area . Coastal Living : Under the Sea When to go : all year , but check for wind speed -- the waters can get choppy . Summer offers fewer crowds ; gotostcroix.com/buck_island.php . Crystal River , Florida The best place in the country to experience the gentle West Indian manatee is in the springs and protected estuary of this coastal hamlet . Guides will gladly help you with manatee etiquette ; for instance , gentle contact is allowed , but only if initiated by the manatee . On-site secret : Swim slowly and stay calm and you may enjoy a manatee encounter for 15 minutes or more . Keep an eye out for : a whiskery face nuzzle , a flipper hug and a full-body rub . Though the manatee defines your interaction , they can be very sociable . When to go : all year . In winter there are more manatees , but in summer there are fewer crowds ; 800/291 -3483 or americanprodive.com . Rockhouse , Negril , Jamaica The Rockhouse resort sits far from the bustle of Montego Bay on the rocky shores of Negril . Each bungalow is just steps from the water that laps languidly at the base of the cliffs . Being here is like diving into your personal aquarium populated by species usually found only on offshore reefs . On-site secret : Book a bungalow close to the restaurant for the most direct access to the best snorkeling . The grottos are absolutely magical . Keep an eye out for : huge schools of silversides and such wonders as the snake eel -- a nonthreatening beauty . Coastal Living : 10 best coastal eco-resorts When to go : anytime year-round for usually calm , protected waters ; 876/957 -4373 or rockhousehotel.com . Pigeon Cay , Honduras This postcard-perfect uninhabited island is a 45-minute boat ride from Roatn but feels a world away from everything . When I pulled up to the long spit of sand extending from the dense green of the island 's interior , I knew I was someplace extraordinary . Only one little girl and her mother were on the beach ; otherwise , the island , with its calm waters and birds chattering in the trees , was ours . The 360-degree loop of sand beckons for a low-tide stroll . On-site secret : Have the boat driver take a return route by Oak Ridge , a charming Honduran fishing village . Keep an eye out for : juvenile reef fish and fantastic elkhorn coral in the sparkling waters . When to go : year-round , but summer offers the calmest conditions ; 011/504/413 -2229 ; subwaywatersports.com . Grand Cayman Stingray City , situated on a shallow sand bank off Grand Cayman Island , may be the most popular snorkel site in the world . It 's spectacular fun to be mobbed by a gregarious flock of soaring Southern stingrays in water clear as air . On-site secret : Every snorkel operator runs trips to Stingray City , but check the cruise ship schedules to avoid the crowds . Keep an eye out for : the stingray 's unusual "  vacuum cleaner " mouth . Stingrays are soft and slippery , but their mouths have the suction of a Shop-Vac , and in their excitement I have received the occasional stingray hickey . Do n't worry -- it 's a harmless souvenir that goes away in a day or two . When to go : spring and summer for the calmest conditions ; stingraycitytrips.com . Hol Chan Marine Reserve , Belize One of the western Caribbean 's great delights resides roughly 20 minutes by boat from Ambergris Cay . On my first visit , I was mesmerized by dozens of nurse sharks , jacks , stingrays and grunts cavorting with snorkelers over turtle grass and reefs . Here , I have swum with the most substantial wild fish -- normally only seen by scuba divers -- in only 6 to 10 feet of water . On-site secret : Float from the feeding area to the shallow reefs and discover a dreamlike setting of sun-dappled coral and tiny reef denizens . Keep an eye out for : eagle rays . On more than one occasion I 've been thrilled to see a majestic spotted eagle ray soaring through the reefs . When to go : all year , but check cruise ship schedules to avoid the busiest times ; holchanbelize.org . Bimini Islands , Bahamas I love the half-hour flight from Fort Lauderdale to this little island , where the water 's dramatic change from cobalt to preternatural aqua signals your arrival to one of the friendliest wild dolphin habitats in the world . After a short boat ride out of the harbor , you just might be snorkeling with 20 Atlantic spotted dolphins on shallow banks -- unforgettable ! On-site secret : The more you can spin , flip and dive like a dolphin , the more the dolphins will play with you . Keep an eye out for : young dolphins , which may be quite small and have few or no spots . Adults are more speckled . When to go : year-round , but summer offers warm conditions and calmer seas ; 800/348 -4644 or biminiundersea.com . Lover 's Cove , Catalina Island , California The most popular snorkel spot off Catalina , this protected area sports kelp forest , rock reef and a menagerie of cool-water inhabitants . Guides and operators can help you in by boat , or try heading out on your own from the Pebbly Beach access stairs ; just do n't forget your flag marker . On-site secret : A lot of the fish here are used to being fed and are n't shy . Wear gloves if you 're bringing peas or bread for them , as their enthusiasm leads to finger nibbling -- more of a nuisance than a danger . Keep an eye out for : sea stars , eels , anemones , octopuses and , most notably , the brilliant orange Garibaldi fish . If you are comfortable diving down 10 to 15 feet , you 'll find many small crustaceans and beautiful nudibranches . When to go : summer , when water temperatures warm to the low 70s ; 877/766 -7535 or catalinadiveshop.com . Papalaua Wayside Park , Maui , Hawaii This laid-back beach is a long sliver of sand off Honoapiilani Highway . That makes for a little road noise but means easier access than some of Maui 's other snorkeling spots . Idyllic sunsets cast light on surfers along Papalaua 's west shore . On-site secret : For primo snorkeling , visit Coral Gardens , at the park 's eastern end . Keep an eye out for : shallow corals , butterfly fish and green turtles . With luck , you 'll spot humuhumunukunukuapuaa , dynamic Hawaiian triggerfish . When to go : year-round , with light winds in the mornings ; mauibeachguide.com . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright  Coastal Living , 2009	To experience the gentle West Indian manatee head to Crystal River , Florida Look for elkhorn coral and juvenile reef fish in Pigeon Cay , Honduras A gregarious flock of stingrays lives just off Grand Cayman Island
Medical marijuana advocates are hoping state governments can succeed where their efforts have failed by asking federal authorities to reclassify pot as a drug with medical use . Shortly before Christmas , Colorado became the fourth state to ask the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration to reclassify marijuana as a narcotic in the same league as heavyweight painkillers including oxycodone . The governors of Washington and Rhode Island filed a formal petition with the agency in November , and Vermont signed onto that request shortly afterward . All four are among the sixteen states and the District of Columbia that have laws on the books that allow the medical use of marijuana , even though the drug remains illegal under federal law . Meanwhile , federal authorities have asserted their power by raiding dispensaries in states including California and Washington . Supporters say the public is on their side , and the state requests show the feds are increasingly isolated on the issue . But they acknowledge it 's still an uphill battle . "  I do n't think that we 're going to see to much change in Washington 's position on this until public opinion and state-level support reaches a little bit higher a tipping point , " said Morgan Fox , a spokesman for the D.C.-based Marijuana Policy Project . The DEA said it would "  reply accordingly , " but noted that similar petitions had been rejected before . DEA spokeswoman Barbara Carreno told CNN that the agency gives "  great respect " to state governments , but their requests would get "  the same attention as a petition from a medical group or anything else . " Marijuana is listed as a Schedule I drug by the DEA , meaning it 's dangerous and has no medical use . Medical marijuana advocates , including the states that have petitioned the agency , say it should be listed under Schedule II , comparing it to other prescription painkillers that have a high potential for abuse . In 2006 , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration restated its opposition to medical marijuana , saying "  no sound scientific studies " support its use . State laws authorizing it "  are inconsistent with efforts to ensure that medications undergo the rigorous scientific scrutiny of the FDA approval process , " it added . But in their November petition , Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire and Rhode Island 's Lincoln Chafee argued that "  the vast majority of modern research " has found marijuana useful for treating patients with glaucoma , for relieving the nausea suffered by cancer patients in chemotherapy and for relieving symptoms of degenerative nerve diseases . They cite a 2001 study by the National Academy of Sciences that recommended research into the "  potential therapeutic value " of cannabis , though it warned that smoking pot was a "  crude " method "  that also delivers harmful substances . " "  Since the last FDA review in 2006 , the scientific process has identified and clarified even more of the therapeutic effects of cannabis through ongoing research and assessment of available data , " wrote Gregoire , a Democrat , and Chafee , a former Republican-turned-independent . "  This petition presents this further evidence . It is now time for the DEA to reschedule the substance . " The Obama administration says it is willing to support research , but has taken a stiff position against medical marijuana . In October , in response to online petitions , White House drug czar Gil Kerlikowske said marijuana "  is not a benign drug . " Medical marijuana group sues Obama administration "  Like many , we are interested in the potential marijuana may have in providing relief to individuals diagnosed with certain serious illnesses . That is why we ardently support ongoing research into determining what components of the marijuana plant can be used as medicine , " Kerlikowske wrote . "  To date , however , neither the FDA nor the Institute of Medicine have found smoked marijuana to meet the modern standard for safe or effective medicine for any condition . " Carreno said petitions to reschedule a drug take years to review . The DEA does its own analysis , then refers the requests to the FDA and the Department of Health and Human Services , which review their own research . "  Then they send recommendations back to us , and based on the recommendation we get , we make a decision , " she said . Critics call medical marijuana a "  Trojan horse " for legalizing the drug entirely , and federal authorities mounted a string of high-profile raids in California , Washington and Montana in 2011 . The Justice Department says it is n't targeting patients who are in "  clear and unambiguous compliance " with state laws . In October 's raids in California , prosecutors said they were targeting organizations that had become large-scale commercial traffickers , operating beyond the limits of state law . In their petition , Gregoire and Chafee said rescheduling was needed because states ca n't make rules governing medical marijuana "  without putting their employees at risk of violating federal law . " "  From a patient perspective , there 's a lot of things up in the air , " Gregoire spokesman Cory Curtis told CNN . He said the state hopes "  to give them clarity and peace of mind , both in the environment in which they get it and the prescription and dose they get . " A round of federal raids targeted dispensaries in the Seattle area in November , but agents were targeting "  folks who were distributing without a medical purpose , " Curtis said . Washington allows patients to grow their own marijuana and keep a 60-day supply , which it defines as up to 24 ounces . Patients and designated health-care providers can keep "  collective gardens . " Rhode Island allows patients to grow up to 12 plants and possess up to 2.5 ounces of pot for their own use , as long as a doctor has certified that it may alleviate symptoms and the potential risks do n't outweigh the benefits . It also allows "  compassion centers " to cultivate and dispense marijuana , as long as it stays within those limits for each patient . In Colorado , legislation passed in 2010 allows state regulators to keep a tight rein on dispensaries and required them to request reclassification from the DEA . "  As long as there is a divergence in state and federal law , there is a lack of certainty necessary to provide safe access for patients with serious medical conditions , " Barbara Brohl , the executive director of Colorado 's Department of Revenue , wrote in a December 22 letter to DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart . Since the law went into effect , more than 700 people have applied for licenses to sell medical marijuana , said Mark Couch , a spokesman for Brohl 's office . The state collected about $ 5 million in sales taxes in the last fiscal year , which ended in June -- a tiny fraction of the state 's $ 8 billion general fund , he said . Fox said the state 's requests to reclassify the drug "  could and certainly should " give the states some breathing room , "  but I really do n't think it will . " "  I think that it 's not going to provide any real tangible benefits immediately , " he said . But it if succeeds , "  It will definitely bring the federal government more in line with currently accepted science . " In the meantime , "  There 's no reason for the federal government to be wasting resources going after medical marijuana providers , " he said .	Four states have asked federal officials to reclassify marijuana Governors say they ca n't set rules without risking violations of U.S. law Advocates say there 's no reason to keep busting medical pot providers Critics call medical marijuana a "  Trojan horse " for legalization
CNN  -- Attackers firebombed three churches in the southeast Asian nation of Malaysia overnight , assaults that come amid widespread Muslim ire over a court ruling that allowed Christians to use the word Allah as a term for God . Malaysian news reports said no casualties have been reported , and police have promised to step up security for churches and other places of worship . But the acts stirred unease in the diverse society -- where 60 percent of the people are Muslim , 19 percent are Buddhist , 9 percent are Christian and 6 percent are Hindu . "  We regret the irresponsible actions of certain extremist elements for the recent spate of firebombs thrown into church premises . These actions display their immaturity and intolerance toward others within a multi-racial society , " the National Evangelical Christian Fellowship of Malaysia said in a statement . The violence comes as Muslims protest a recent court ruling that allowed a Catholic newspaper to use the word "  Allah " for God . Muslims believe Allah , an Arabic word , should only be used by Muslims . A stay has been placed on the order on the grounds of national interest . Muslims took to the streets Friday to protest the use of the word by non-Muslims , and authorities such as Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak called for the matter to be resolved in court amicably and expressed hope the protests do n't deteriorate . "  We should not raise the tension level in this country , " he said Thursday , as quoted by Bernama , the Malaysian National News Agency . Yang di-Pertuan Agong Tuanku Mizan Zainal Abidin , Malaysia 's head of state , on Friday called for calm and the spirit of unity , according to a Bernama report . The three churches attacked were in the Kuala Lumpur region . They are the Metro Tabernacle Church , the Assumption Church and the Life Chapel . The attacks occurred late Thursday night and early Friday . "  It 's incumbent upon the Malaysian government to investigate the church bombings and to prosecute the perpetrators of this religiously motivated violence , " said Leonard Leo , chairman of the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom , an independent federal agency that makes recommendations to Congress and the president regarding how to handle violations of religious freedom around the world . "  There are many parts of the world where Christians do use the world ` Allah ' in their translations of the Bible , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  So the Malaysian Supreme Court ruling that overturns the government 's ban on the use of the word is not inconsistent with what the practice would be elsewhere around the world . The Malaysian ban is what 's unusual , not the court 's ruling . "	Muslims oppose recent court ruling allowing a Catholic newspaper to use the word "  Allah " for God 60 percent of the people in Malaysia are Muslim , while 9 percent are Christian The three churches attacked were in the Kuala Lumpur region of the country
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  Sen. Rand Paul embraced his libertarian roots in Iowa this weekend , speaking unapologetically about his apprehension about foreign intervention and stoking the fire in one of the libertarian movement 's biggest crusades : auditing the Federal Reserve . In his first trip to Iowa this year , just under a year before the caucuses , the Kentucky Republican and potential presidential candidate ventured into familiar territory , rallying young voters and libertarian-minded supporters who turned out big for his father 's presidential campaigns . Paul found friendly audiences at the end of a stormy week filled with negative headlines over comments he made about vaccinations and swirling controversy involving one of his advisers in Iowa . The crowds this weekend were a marked contrast to the social conservative audience that packed a Des Moines theater two weeks ago to hear 10 hours of speeches from a hoard of other potential candidates at the Iowa Freedom Summit . The Federal Reserve was hardly mentioned at that event , and the rhetoric on war and the fight against ISIS was more forceful and hawkish that the positions Paul took this weekend . ` One loud voice ' Last fall , the senator struggled to communicate his stance on the war against terror . At first he urged restraint against ISIS , but after American journalists were beheaded by the group , Paul began supporting limited action . He eventually , in a committee vote , voted "  no " to authorizing war against ISIS , saying he felt the bill was too open-ended , and it was a vote he stood proudly by this weekend as he used it to separate himself from his potential competitors . "  You 're going to get a choice on who the nominee is for the Republican Party . You 're going to have nine , 10 , 15 , 20 who are eager to go and want troops on the ground , " he said at the "  Audit the Fed " rally Friday , which took place at a winery in Des Moines . "  They want 100,000 troops on the ground . Right now . In all the countries . " "  I can tell you there will be one loud voice in our party saying , think of the unintended consequence . Think about what we 're going to accomplish and whether it will work before we go to war . ' I promise you that will always be something I take very , very seriously . " The theme of "  acting before thinking " was the way he described the Obama administration 's foreign policy , for which he squarely placed blame on Hillary Clinton , hammering her for supporting military action in Libya and calling for the arming of Syrian rebels . At a Saturday morning event , held at a bar and grill in Marshalltown , Paul acknowledged that he "  begrudgingly " thinks the United States should intervene in the Middle East to protect American interests , such as the embassy in Baghdad and consulate in Erbil . "  But I do n't want to send 100,000 GIs in . " That should be left to regional fighters , he said , before launching into a fiery diatribe . "  And do n't get me started about Saudi Arabia . There need to be 20,000 Saudi Arabians fighting that war because they 've been a problem . " Building a brand With so many Republican candidates likely to echo each other 's talking points in the next year , Paul has tried to run in his own lane by shaping his libertarian foundation into a selling point that says he 's best poised to expand the Republican base . To stop the "  dismantling of the country , " Paul said it 's going to take someone with a nontraditional approach . "  It 's not going to take a ho-hum , same-old , same-old , we 'll - get-a-Republican-that 's - a-little-bit-different-than-the-Democrats . It 's going to take someone who can unite the country . Republican . Democrat . Working class . Business class . Rich . Poor . Black . White . You name it . When our party looks like the rest of America , we 're going to win . " Rep. Rod Blum , a Republican success story in Iowa who won a largely Democratic district in November , introduced Paul at the Saturday morning event and said he was attracted to Paul 's efforts to broaden the GOP tent , though he stressed in an interview with CNN he would n't be endorsing anyone this early on , if at all . Margaret Meade of Marshalltown , who identifies as a Democrat , said Paul "  might have some success " attracting voters like her but argued he needs to "  stop saying mean things about Hillary Clinton , " saying it only turns off those same voters . Courting the youth Later Saturday , Paul popped by by the Iowa State University men 's basketball game in Ames before dropping in at a watch party hosted by College Republicans and Young Americans for Liberty , a group founded by his father , ex-Rep . Ron Paul . "  I think the energy in any political movement is the youth , " Paul told CNN , explaining why he wanted to kick off his year in Iowa with a libertarian-leaning focus . The senator , however , was dressed in blue -- staying true , he said , to the University of Kentucky , where two of his sons go to school . "  I do have an Iowa State pen on my jacket , but I 'd get in too much trouble if I had an Iowa State shirt on , " he told the students . Staff from his political committee were at the ready at the watch party , providing students with smartphone covers emblazoned with the logo "  RAND " and collecting names and contact information . Standing at a podium with a minibar close by , Paul spoke freely about what he considers the dangers of civil forfeiture and the malpractice of the National Security Agency . "  The Bill of Rights is not for the prom queen . The Bill of Rights is n't for the high school quarterback , " he said . "  The Bill of Rights is for those who are unpopular , for those who want to speak their mind . " Young people also were prevalent at the "  Audit the Fed " rally . The Federal Reserve is already audited by a third-party accounting firm arranged through the inspector general and partially by the Government Accountability Office . But Paul reintroduced legislation that would give full auditing power to the GAO and would require regular reports to Congress . Paul was noticeably more comfortable shaking hands and taking pictures with voters than he has been in the past . The first-term senator and ophthalmologist is known for his no-frills , less-than-warm style . But while meeting with students on Saturday , Paul frequently smiled and avoided looking down at his shoes in between photos , as he 's been known to do . At the restaurant earlier Saturday , he occasionally would ask questions and engage in small talk . Anthony Neutout , who went to both the Marshalltown event and the "  Audit the Fed " rally , said he liked Paul 's unusual style . "  He 's not a brass polished politician , not a walking mannequin ... A lot of candidates , it 's like they have multiple personality disorder , " Neutout said . "  Rand is very consistent . " Still , Paul was more celebrity than Average Joe to some voters . He was asked to sign five baseballs at the Marshalltown event and a copy of Time magazine from when he appeared on the cover back in October . Others were more ardent supporters of Paul . One pair of friends drove from Lake County , Indiana -- a five-hour drive . A week of headaches Paul was courting the very same base this weekend that became the focal point for a damaging story this week by National Journal , which profiled the negative reputation of A.J. Spiker , a Paul adviser who was at the helm when activists in Iowa 's liberty movement took over the state party in 2012 . The report quotes party officials who had strong misgivings about what they described as Spiker 's divisiveness . But Paul defended his adviser and expressed confidence in Spiker 's connections with the liberty movement and Christian conservatives . "  There are always going to be people who have chosen other candidates or who for one reason or another hold a grudge . But I think really with both A.J. and  Paul 's other Iowa adviser , Steve Grubbs  there 's a broad reach to a broad swath to the party , " Paul told the Des Moines Register on Thursday . Paul spent several days trying to clear up comments he made that lent credibility to theories $ ` that vaccinations cause mental disorders . That , combined with negative attention over how he shushed a female interviewer , sparked a wave of criticism from pundits over whether the senator is ready for prime time . "  Rand Paul is not inspiring a lot of confidence that he his ready for a national campaign , " said Iowa GOP strategist Tim Albrecht , who works for Dave Kochel , a consultant recently hired by Jeb Bush . "  You can coach a candidate on messaging and how to give a speech but what you can not coach is thick skin . He needs to toughen up and that starts by not talking down to people interviewing him . We 've already got that in the White House . " Rand Paul defends shushing interview But the supporters who showed up at his events this weekend appeared unconcerned with the senator 's recent dust-ups . "  I do n't take one week at a time , " said Dave McCluskey of West Des Moines . "  I look at the big picture . "	Rand Paul kicks off his first event in Iowa this year with events that appeal to libertarian-minded voters Effort builds on the foundation that his father established in the state during his 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns
EW.com  -- Panem may become the hottest new vacation spot . Lionsgate , the studio behind the "  Hunger Games " movies , announced in a conference call with analysts Friday morning that the company had been approached about "  Hunger Games " theme parks in two territories , and was considering the possibility , according to Variety . No further details were given . It obviously makes financial sense for the Katniss empire to expand ; the first film made over $ 690 million , and people seem a little bit excited for "  Catching Fire , " opening November 22 . ` The Hunger Games ' : See full coverage Ignoring the pesky fact that starving districts full of poor people looking toward revolution as a way to end their suffering is n't the most upbeat concept  and blatantly misses the point of the books  , let 's brainstorm some ideas about what Adventureland : Dystopia Edition would look like , should it happen . 1 .  Layout . It seems that the "  Harry Potter way " -- with a couple different "  settings " from the world all part of the park -- might be a good model to follow . There could be a fictional forest to represent the outer districts , a fancier Capitol area , and then some kind of arena to signify the Games . 2 .  Archery . The most obvious activity is also the most necessary . In whatever forest-type layout the park designs , there should be archery lessons and targets for every wannabee Katniss . This is an actual skill that many never have the opportunity to try , and as opposed to some of the more fantastical ideas in the novels  such as Jabberjays  , archery is totally feasible ; side-braids for all participants totally mandatory . ` Hunger Games : Catching Fire ' clip shows Katniss tearful and scared 3 .  Capitol Glam . The disturbing world of excess at the Capitol is clearly more theme-park ready than District 12 . In the Capitol section of the park , there should be makeovers aplenty , so everyone can get in touch with their inner Effie Trinket . If the designers can figure out a way to replicate the "  Girl on Fire " dress for photos , all the better . For a more chilling take on the Capitol , have some kind of dark maze people must maneuver through while the voice of Philip Seymour Hoffman yells at you to come out . Haunted houses would have nothing on those kind of fears ! 4 .  Quarter Quell . While the first book 's arena is fairly basic , the one for the Quarter Quell in "  Catching Fire " provides more opportunities for some missing-the-point fun . Set up like a giant clock , perhaps this could be the "  game " aspect of the park . In groups , you enter the arena and must be the last person standing . Every , say , 10 minutes some kind of bad thing happens -- like rain or smoke machines -- and you would lose a member of your team  to an exit sign . We 're not monsters here !  . Instruct people to dive to a bottom of a pool or strap on a harness and climb a tree for various points , and you 've got a thrilling adventure that does n't end with everyone 's deaths . 5 .  Food . Refreshments are another area where staying true to the source material might make tourists unhappy . Perhaps instead of starving residents , people could have a Tribute-worthy feast aboard a Victory Tour train that gives fans a scenic tour of the park . Capitol screens broadcasting mandatory viewing of kids killing kids clearly not included . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The studio behind "  The Hunger Games " is considering theme parks The possibility was raised during a conference call with analysts No other details were given
CNN  -- Zach Sobiech , 18 , passed away Monday morning , surrounded by family and friends . In the past few weeks , donations to Zach 's cause -- the Children 's Cancer Research Fund -- skyrocketed , as did downloads of his song , "  Clouds , " which at the time of his death had more than 2.9 million page views on YouTube . Listen to "  Clouds " "  We 'd like to thank those people who listened with their hearts and helped Zach bring his message and his music to the world , " the Sobiech family said in a statement . When he was 14 , Zach was diagnosed with osteosarcoma , a type of bone cancer that mostly strikes children . His prognosis was n't great . Last May , with no more treatment options , he was given a year to live . Zach began writing music after his cancer was diagnosed . His mom , Laura , was cleaning the family room downstairs last year when she found a folded-up piece of paper . She unfolded it to make sure it was n't a homework assignment . "  I read through it and then I realized what I was reading , " she said . It was his first song , "  Clouds . " Zach wrote it for himself and his family . He wrote many more in the following years . Watch celebrities sing along to "  Clouds " "  I fell down , down , down into this dark and lonely hole , " he sings at the beginning of the song , his voice beautiful , mellow -- kind of reminiscent of Jack Johnson 's . When Zach 's song was posted to YouTube last year it quickly went viral . Recently dozens of celebrities posted a response -- joining forces to lip sync to Zach 's voice singing "  Clouds . " "  And we 'll go up , up , up , but I 'll climb a little higher , " sang Jason Mraz , Anna Faris and Rainn Wilson . "  Go up in the clouds because the view 's a little nicer up here , my dear , " sang Bryan Cranston and Rachel Bilson , Ashley Tisdale and Colbie Caillat . "  It wo n't be long now , " sang the Lumineers . "  If only , " sang Sarah Silverman , "  I had a little bit more time . " It was a hello to Zach , and a farewell . It was a collective expression of love and gratitude . The motley crew of celebrities on the video was assembled by Wilson , an actor , and director/actor Justin Baldoni , who directed a short documentary about Zach for his compelling online reality series , "  My Last Days , " which runs on Wilson 's SoulPancake YouTube channel . Get to know Zach "  Going out to see Zach in Minnesota was one of the greatest experiences of my life , " said Baldoni . "  To make the choice to be happy despite whatever sad or tragic circumstances you may be living through ... he is this old soul who inspires everyone he meets . You leave and you think : ' I want to be a better person . ' " Watch Baldoni 's film and you can see why . There 's Zach , a fresh-faced Minnesotan teenager , in one of the opening frames , saying : "  I want everyone to know : You do n't have to find out you 're dying to start living . " He tells us at the beginning of the film : "  You know most people live kind of in the middle , in between ` all your dreams come true ' and ` you 're dying , ' and it 's a very comfortable place to live . I 'm living on the two extreme ends , so you have really , really good days and you have really , really bad days . " He lived on those extreme ends for the better part of the past four years . And how gloriously . In his final days , Zach slept a lot . Once in awhile he was able to muster up enough energy to bring out his guitar and play . "  It 's those times when we remember how it used to be , " said his mom . She told me about a trip the family took last year , "  a sort of pilgrimage to Europe , " with 10 intense days of sightseeing . "  We packed a lot into those 10 days , " she recalled , "  and maybe these past 3 1/2 years have been like that pilgrimage . I have n't had the chance to let it sink in . I do n't let myself go to that place of grief . There will be plenty of time to think about what we have lost later . " And maybe , she said , that is the lesson here : that no matter where you are in life , look at what you have and be grateful . It 's the kind of thing you hear all the time , but putting it into action takes some work . "  That 's what Zach 's always been really good at : recognizing what is good and being grateful for it , " Laura said . "  He taught all of us how it 's done . " Taylor Engel , one of the YouTube commenters on Zach 's video , writes : "  Well , you got a 6 ' , 220 pound man sobbing his face off here . Prayers and thoughts with you , Zach ... I hope someday I can be half the man you 've become . " So many of us felt the same way as we watched his video for "  Clouds " -- grateful for having had him walk among us , albeit for a short time , as he sang : "  And maybe someday I 'll see you again . We 'll float up in the clouds and we 'll never see the end ... "	Zach Sobiech was diagnosed at 14 with osteosarcoma , a bone cancer Last May , Zach was given a year to live after doctors ran out of treatment options Zach 's song "  Clouds " went viral on YouTube ; now celebs have posted a response
Murrysville , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- A day after a Murrysville , Pennsylvania , teen allegedly rampaged through his high school 's hallways , stabbing wildly with two kitchen knives , the first hints of a possible motive began to emerge . The attorney for 16-year-old Alex Hribal raised the specter that his client may have been bullied , telling CNN affiliate WTAE in Pittsburgh on Thursday that it looks like some kind of "  bullying event " may have played a role . "  I think a lot of things have happened . I do n't want to comment specifically , but I think there are some things that occurred that led to where we are today , " Patrick Thomassey said . But an FBI official , familiar with the investigation , discounted bullying as a motive . "  He was disaffected but not bullied , " the official said on condition of anonymity . Hribal , a sophomore , was charged as an adult and faces four counts of attempted homicide and 21 counts of aggravated assault in connection with Wednesday 's attack at Franklin Regional Senior High School that left 20 teens and one adult wounded . Some classmates at the school describe Hribal as having few friends and being quiet but also as a "  really nice kid , " a description that contradicts the image of a knife-wielding teen offered by authorities . Murrysville Police Chief Tom Seefeld said investigators have n't yet made sense of the mass stabbing . "  We believe , through the investigation , that this was random , " he told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  We do n't have anybody that was targeted , as far as we know at this point . " Still , there were more questions than answers about what led the teen to allegedly attack his classmates with two steak knives believed to have been taken from his family 's home . "  We 're going to try to figure out what happened here . Obviously , there 's a problem . You just do n't leave and go to school , and do what he did yesterday , " Thomassey told CNN earlier in the day . There is "  some deep-rooted problem somewhere that caused him to do this . " One thread that police are looking into is the possibility that there was a phone threat the night before , Seefeld said . But no immediate evidence has been found to confirm such a call , and Thomassey discounted the allegation . "  He was home all night the night before this occurred , with his parents , " he told WTAE . "  They did not see him on the phone arguing with anybody . " The FBI has seized electronics belonging to Hribal , including a computer and cell phone , and will analyze them for any clues , the police chief said . In a telephone call Thursday , President Barack Obama assured Franklin Principal Ron Suvak that the FBI will continue to assist in the investigation , the White House said . ` All kind of a blur ' Questions are also being raised by residents of Murrysville , a quiet middle-class enclave with a population of 20,000 east of Pittsburgh . How did this happen , and why ? "  We are so small compared to other communities , " said Paula Fisher , who left Pittsburgh to move to Murrysville almost 20 years ago . "  I came out here purposely to raise my children in a school district that we felt was safe as well as academically sound . " The mother of one of the teens wounded in the attack said everyone must ask themselves what alienated the suspect so much that he allegedly stabbed and slashed nearly two dozen people . " ... We need to look and say , how are our children coping with social skills these days ? How are they with other children ? How are they being tested in the world for negative or positive ways ? " said Amanda Hurt . Her son , Brett , was in the school hallway when he saw a "  kid " run by and hit him in the back . A friend who was with him started screaming . "  I did n't really know what was going on at the time , " Hurt told reporters . "  It was all kind of a blur . " As the attacker continued to charge down the crowded hallway , Hurt began to wonder if he was going to survive or die . Speaking from the hospital , Hurt said he suffered a stab wound in the back and a bruised lung . He expected to be released as early as Thursday . He reflected on whether Hribal would have chosen the path he allegedly did if he had had more friends or a better support group . "  I feel he has some issues he has to work out , " Hurt said . Another student at the school who witnessed the attack said the attacker did n't utter a word . "  He was very quiet . He just was kind of doing it , " Mia Meixner said . "  And he had this , like , look on his face that he was just crazy and he was just running around , just stabbing whoever was in his way . " The attack ended when the assistant principal , Sam King , tackled the teen , authorities said . The accused attacker , Hribal , lived on the same street as King , just two houses down . Heroes in all forms step up during school stabbing ` Not a dysfunctional family ' Hribal could n't seem more normal , the way his lawyer describes him . "  This is not a dysfunctional family , " Thomassey , told CNN on Thursday . "  They 're like the Brady Bunch . These parents are active with their two sons , and we 're trying to figure out what happened . " The young man also did not seem to embody the cliche of digitally connected youth . According to Dan Stevens , the county deputy emergency management coordinator , Hribal had a very minor Facebook presence and did n't have much experience on Twitter . Thomassey said he would file a motion to move the case to juvenile court . Westmoreland County District Attorney John Peck has argued against bail , saying that there could be no conditions that would protect the community and that Hribal made "  statements when subdued by officials that he wanted to die . " Hribal is being held without bail at the Westmoreland County juvenile detention center . He was treated for injuries to his hands , police said . The students who were hurt range in age from 14 to 17 , emergency coordinator Stevens said . The injuries were stabbing-related , such as lacerations or punctures . CNN 's Pamela Brown and Mary Kay Mallonee reported from Murrysville , and Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote the story in Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Mariano Castillo , Miguel Marquez , Chris Cuomo , Stephanie Gallman , Paul Courson and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	NEW : FBI official says teen accused in stabbings was "  disaffected , " but not bullied Some kind of " bullying event " may have played a role , an attorney says Suspect 's home was searched , and a computer and cell phone were seized , police say Alex Hribal , 16 , faces four counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault
CNN  -- Suicide should NEVER be presented by media as a means to resolve or escape one 's problems  contrary to the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences ' twitter post , the genie is not free , the genie 's pain has now been dispersed to a very large audience  . While I do not know , and no one knows , if Robin Williams is "  free , " he is dead , and his loss has devastated us all . Suicide needs to be talked about as a fatal outcome that is , in the majority of cases , preventable and caused by severe illness and/or extreme psychological anguish . When I learned about Williams ' suicide on Monday , it knocked the wind out of me . Sure , I am the president of the American Association of Suicidology , so I am alert to media coverage of suicide . I talk about suicide every day , but , like most of you , my connection to Williams is personal . I 'm from Boulder , Colorado and after I moved away , I would turn on reruns of "  Mork & Mindy " any time I felt homesick or alone . Robin Williams ' portrayal of a wacky alien just trying to make it in this world provided comfort , laughter , and wonderful memories . His death , by any means , is a deeply sad event . That he died from suicide  a cause of death I try to prevent nearly every day  just makes his death that much more painful to me . Opinion : Why Robin Williams lost to depression One of the questions I am usually asked after such a high-profile public suicide is : How does the news of a suicide affect others who are at risk ? When it comes to high profile suicides , the research about contagion  or "  copycat effect "  is not clear . We ca n't say for sure if media coverage increases the risk of more people attempting suicide . However , our best research suggests that "  how " we discuss suicide in the media is more important than "  if " it is discussed . People tend to be afraid to talk about suicide , which is disheartening considering that suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States . It kills more people than motor vehicle accidents and more than twice as many as homicide . Opinion : Robin Williams and depression : We all wear a mask But in our high-tech , social media driven culture , we need to recognize that avoidance or denial of suicide simply is no longer possible . A friend of mine told me that her 8-year-old daughter came home from school yesterday talking about suicide . The specific details of Robin Williams ' suicide method were discussed by children on the playground nearly 2,000 miles away from Williams ' home , less than 24 hours after his death . The reality is , this 8-year-old knew more "  facts " about the death than I did  clearly , not all professional journalists have read or follow the media guidelines regarding the reporting related to suicide and suicidality  . At this time mental health professionals do not know how making this information widely available , even to school children , affects their long-term mental health . What we do know is that responsible adults need to ensure that the messages and stories related to Robin Williams suicide , just like every other suicide , are seen as opportunities to educate people that help is available  National Suicide Prevention Lifeline : 1-800-273-TALK ; Crisis Text Line : www.crisistextline.org  , that mental health treatments are effective , and that suicidal thoughts , by their very nature , tend to be time-limited -- though they may regularly recur . Our best experts believe that providing information about how to get help is one of the most useful things we can do after a highly-publicized death by suicide . When mental illness affects your family Williams ' death is also an opportunity to educate people that there are warning signs for suicide , which , if recognized , can help get people the urgent care they require to avert it . These include talking or writing about death , dying or suicide , when these actions are out of the ordinary , and withdrawal from friends , family and society . There are a number of others , so please take a moment to click here and review the warning signs of suicide . Suicide is a tragedy that can have an enormous impact on those who are left behind . While Robin Williams touched many of our lives  including mine  throughout his illustrious career , more than 39,000 people commit suicide each year -- meaning as many as 107 other individuals may have died this way on the day Williams took his life . Hopefully what will come out of this tragic loss of life is a more open dialogue about this very real health issue , which has claimed so many lives .	Bill Schmitz : Media should never present suicide as escape for problems . It 's often preventable He says Oscars tweeted ` Genie , you 're free ' about Robin Williams . Wrong . His pain now on others Schmitz : It 's unknown if celebrity suicide causes copycats ; adults must address issue responsibly Schmitz : Williams tragic death a way to teach people suicide 's warning signs , open dialogue
CNN  Tails wagging wildly , tongues panting heavily , ears -- soft as felt -- flapping around as if they were wings propelling them against gravity . These canines are getting some much-needed freedom from their leash , running , leaping and rolling on a field at a landfill in North Carolina . But this is no normal walk in the park for these dogs , as it might be their last . Homeless and ownerless , these shelter dogs have almost maxed their shelf life in the local pound , and they could end up in the landfill buried with everything else people have discarded . This is the sad reality of a pet overpopulation problem that photographer Shannon Johnstone wishes to change through her wide lens and huge heart . As a last-ditch effort to save these dogs from euthanasia , her "  Landfill Dogs " project has already changed the metaphorical landscape : Of the 127 dogs she has photographed on these symbolic grounds , 108 have gotten homes . But it 's more than just finding owners for the animals . She hopes to change the physical landscape as well and open the conversation about how to save these animals from a fate six feet under . "  Throwing bodies into landfill after being injected with a barbiturate is n't good for the environment , " Johnstone said . "  My hope is that underlying that , we can figure out what to do to curb overpopulation from starting in first place . " Johnstone knew nothing about homeless dogs until she adopted one of her own after completing graduate school . Her journey to shoot "  Landfill Dogs " started with a forgotten crate and a neighbor nice enough to return it . The two spoke for a while about rescue animals and led Johnstone to start volunteering at the local shelter in Raleigh , North Carolina . "  I was awestruck by how many animals there were and how quick the turnover was , " Johnstone said . The Wake County Animal Shelter houses animals as long as possible before they run out of room or resources to take care of them . "  The saddest thing is there is no alternative for animal overpopulation other than euthanasia , no other tool in their arsenal , " Johnstone said . Her first project on the shelter in 2009 , titled "  Breeding Ignorance , " depicted the lethal injection process . She wanted to show people what happens when the animals are not adopted , and she wanted to show how hard the animal shelters work as "  first responders " to "  discarded property , " she said . Years went by before she approached the subject again , but this time she took a different , more positive angle . Instead of showing the "  doom and gloom , " she wanted to show that animals could be helped out before it was too late . The former director of the Wake County Animal Shelter asked her to come out to a landfill that he was turning into a public park . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . She paused and thought , "  Why is he involved in both waste and animals ? " The county animal shelter falls under the same management as the landfill . By law , pets are property . "  If you do n't want your property anymore , that 's what the animal shelter is for . And most of the time , they then end up in landfill , " she said . Thus , "  Landfill Dogs " was born to give man 's best friend the chance to be seen for their beauty -- and to be saved , like the wasteland-turned-park that they play on . Shannon Johnstone is an American photographer based in North Carolina . You can follow the "  Landfill Dogs " project on Facebook .	Photographer Shannon Johnstone wants to help find homes for shelter dogs She took photos of shelter dogs on a landfill that their bodies could end up in Fortunately , of the 127 dogs she has photographed , 108 have gotten homes
Washington  CNN  -- Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , delivered the official Republican Party response to President Obama 's State of the Union speech on Tuesday night . Here is a transcript of Ryan 's speech . Ryan : Good evening . I 'm Congressman Paul Ryan from Janesville , Wisconsin , and chairman here at the House Budget Committee . President Obama just addressed a congressional chamber filled with many new faces . One face we did not see tonight was that of our friend and colleague , Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona . We all miss Gabby and her cheerful spirit , and we are praying for her return to the House chamber . Earlier this month , President Obama spoke movingly at a memorial event for the six people who died on that violent morning in Tucson . Still , there are no words that can lift the sorrow that now engulfs the families and the friends of the fallen . What we can do is assure them that the nation is praying for them , that , in the words of the psalmist , the lord heals the broken-hearted and binds up their wounds , and that over time grace will replace grief . As Gabby continues to make encouraging progress , we must keep her and the others in our thoughts as we attend to the work now before us . Tonight , the president focused a lot of attention on our economy in general , and on our deficit and debt in particular . He was right to do so , and some of his words were reassuring . As chairman of the House Budget Committee , I assure you that we want to work with the president to restrain federal spending . In one of our first acts in the new majority , House Republicans voted to cut Congress ' own budget . And just today , the House voted to restore the spending discipline that Washington sorely needs . The reason is simple . A few years ago , reducing spending was important . Today , it 's imperative . Here 's why . We face a crushing burden of debt . The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy and grow to catastrophic levels in the years ahead . On this current path , when my three children -- who are now 6 , 7 , and 8 years old -- are raising their own children , the federal government will double in size , and so will the taxes they pay . No economy can sustain such high levels of debt and taxation . The next generation will inherit a stagnant economy and a diminished country . Frankly , it 's one of my greatest concerns as a parent , and I know many of you feel the same way . Our debt is the product of acts by many presidents and many Congresses over many years . No one person or party is responsible for it . There 's no doubt the president came into office facing a severe fiscal and economic situation . Unfortunately , instead of restoring the fundamentals of economic growth , he engaged in a stimulus spending spree that not only failed to deliver on his promise to create jobs , but also plunged us even deeper into debt . The facts are clear : Since taking office , President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 % for domestic government agencies , an 84 % increase when you include the failed stimulus . All of this new government spending was sold as "  investment . " Yet after two years , the unemployment rate remains above 9 % , and government has added over $ 3 trillion to our debt . Then the president and his party made matters even worse , by creating a new open-ended health care entitlement . What we already know about the president 's health care law is this : Costs are going up , premiums are rising , and millions of people will lose the coverage they currently have . Job creation is being stifled by all of its taxes , penalties , mandates and fees . Businesses and unions from around the country are asking the Obama administration for waivers from the mandates . Washington should not be in the business of picking winners and losers . The president mentioned the need for regulatory reform to ease the burden on American businesses . We agree . And we think his health care law would be a great place to start . Last week , House Republicans voted for a full repeal of this law , as we pledged to do , and we will work to replace it with fiscally responsible , patient-centered reforms that actually reduce costs and expand coverage . Health care spending is driving the explosive growth of our debt . And the president 's law is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy . Our debt is out of control . What was a fiscal challenge is now a fiscal crisis . We can not deny it . Instead we must , as Americans , confront it responsibly . And that is exactly what Republicans pledge to do . Americans are skeptical of both political parties , and that skepticism is justified , especially when it comes to spending . So hold all of us accountable . In this very room , the House will produce , debate and advance a budget . Last year , in an unprecedented failure , Congress chose not to pass or even propose a budget . The spending spree continued unchecked . We owe you a better choice and a different vision . Our forthcoming budget is our obligation to you , to show you how we would do things differently , how we will cut spending to get the debt down , help create jobs and prosperity , and reform government programs . If we act soon , and if we act responsibly , people in and near retirement will be protected . These budget debates are not just about the programs of government ; they 're also about the purpose of government . So I 'd like to share with you the principles that guide us . They are anchored in the wisdom of the founders , in the spirit of the Declaration of Independence , and in the words of the American Constitution . They have to do with the importance of limited government and with the blessing of self-government . We believe government 's role is both vital and limited , to defend the nation from attack and provide for the common defense , to secure our borders , to protect innocent life , to uphold our laws and constitutional rights , to ensure domestic tranquility and equal opportunity , and to provide a safety net -- to help provide a safety net for those who can not provide for themselves . We believe that the government has an important role to create the conditions that promote entrepreneurship , upward mobility and individual responsibility . We believe , as our founders did , that the pursuit of happiness depends on individual liberty , and individual liberty requires limited government . Limited government also means effective government . When government takes on too many tasks , it usually does n't do any of them very well . It 's no coincidence that trust in government is at an all-time low now that the size of government is at an all-time high . The president and the Democratic leadership have shown , by their actions , that they believe government needs to increase its size and its reach , its price tag and its power . Whether sold as stimulus or repackaged as investment , their actions show they want a federal government that controls too much , taxes too much and spends too much in order to do too much . And during the last two years , that is exactly what we have gotten -- along with record deficits and debt -- to the point where the president is now urging Congress to increase the debt limit . We believe the days of business as usual must come to an end . We hold to a couple of simple convictions : Endless borrowing is not a strategy . Spending cuts have to come first . Our nation is approaching a tipping point . We are at a moment where , if government 's growth is left unchecked and unchallenged , America 's best century will be considered our past century . This is a future in which we will transform our social safety net into a hammock , which lulls able-bodied people into lives of complacency and dependency . Depending on bureaucracy to foster innovation , competitiveness and wise consumer choices has never worked , and it wo n't work now . We need to chart a new course . Speaking candidly , as one citizen to another , we still have time , but not much time . If we continue down our current path , we know what our future will be . Just take a look at what 's happening to Greece , Ireland , the United Kingdom and other nations in Europe . They did n't act soon enough , and now their governments have been forced to impose painful austerity measures , large benefit cuts to seniors and huge tax increases on everybody . Their day of reckoning has arrived . Ours is around the corner . That is why we have to act now . Some people will back away from this challenge . But I see this challenge as an opportunity to rebuild what Lincoln called the central ideas of the republic . We believe a renewed commitment to limited government will unshackle our economy and create millions of new jobs and opportunities for all people , of every background , to succeed and prosper . Under this approach , the spirit of initiative -- not political clout -- determines who succeeds . Millions of families have fallen on hard times not because of our ideals of free enterprise , but because our leaders failed to live up to those ideals , because of poor decisions made in Washington and Wall Street that caused a financial crisis , squandered our savings , broke our trust and crippled our economy . Today , a similar kind of irresponsibility threatens not only our livelihoods , but our way of life . We need to reclaim our American system of limited government , low taxes , reasonable regulations and sound money , which has blessed us with unprecedented prosperity . And it has done more to help the poor than any other economic system ever designed . That 's the real secret to job creation , not borrowing and spending more money in Washington . Limited government and free enterprise have helped make America the greatest nation on Earth . These are not easy times , but America is an exceptional nation . In all the chapters of human history , there has never been anything quite like America . The American story has been cherished , advanced and defended over the centuries . And it now falls to this generation to pass onto our children a nation that is stronger , more vibrant , more decent and better than the one we inherited . Thank you , and good night .	Rep. Paul Ryan delivers official GOP response to Obama 's speech Ryan : We want to work with the president to restrain federal spending Ryan says U.S. must act now to keep economic problems from mushrooming
New York  CNN  -- Embattled NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell apologized Friday for what he said was his mishandling of the Ray Rice domestic violence scandal but vowed "  now I will get it right and will do whatever is necessary to accomplish that . " Speaking at a Manhattan news conference amid calls for his resignation , Goodell announced a sweeping policy to counter domestic abuse and sexual assault , mandating all players and staff on the league 's 32 teams undergo education and training about how to prevent abuse . The announcement came as critics have questioned why Goodell had n't taken a tougher stand earlier . That would have sent an unequivocal statement about domestic violence in a league that , according to a Sports Illustrated article last week , includes 14 players who have been arrested for violence against women in the past two years . Others have called for his job . But Goodell , in his first public remarks in more than a week , said he would not step down and was committed to "  do the right thing . " Goodell says he wo n't quit "  I 'm focused on doing my job , " he told reporters . "  We have a lot of work to do . " The policy is a direct response to a number of high-profile cases , including Rice 's , that involve NFL players . Even as Goodell pledged to move ahead and "  get it right , " questions loom in the Rice case about who knew what when , and who said what to whom . Two security camera videos put the Rice case squarely in the public view , with the one most recently made public showing the former Baltimore Ravens ' star knocking out his then-fiancee with a punch inside an elevator last February . A source within the Ravens organization told CNN Friday that hours after that incident at the Revel hotel and casino in Atlantic City , the head of Baltimore Ravens security , Darren Sanders , spoke with Atlantic City police . In that conversation , police described in detail the inside-the-elevator video to Sanders , the source said . ESPN reported that Sanders shared the details of that conversation and the description of the video with team executives in Baltimore . ESPN also reported team executives -- in particular owner Steve Bisciotti , President Dick Cass , and GM Ozzie Newsome -- began extensive public and private campaigns pushing for leniency for Rice on several fronts , from the Atlantic County judicial system to Goodell . A source in the Ravens organization told CNN that team officials never saw the elevator video until TMZ released the recording . The Ravens issued this statement late Friday : "  The ESPN.com ` Outside the Lines ' article contains numerous errors , inaccuracies , false assumptions and , perhaps , misunderstandings . The Ravens will address all of these next week in Baltimore after our trip to Cleveland for Sunday 's game against the Browns . " Commissioner : ' I got it wrong ' Asked Friday about a claim by the Atlantic County prosecutor 's office that it has no record of an NFL request for information on the case , Goodell said , "  We gather almost entirely all of our information through law enforcement , and that 's something else we 're going to look at ... We asked for it on several occasions . According to our security department , we went through it , we asked for it on several occasions . " The commissioner also sought to further distance himself from criticism over his handling of the Rice matter , saying the account of the incident the player gave the NFL was different than what was depicted in a video . "  I 'm telling you right now it 's inconsistent with what he told us , " Goodell said , declining to comment further on grounds that Rice 's indefinite suspension is under appeal by the players union . Goodell Goodell said the events of recent weeks highlighted much of what is wrong with the league . "  I got it wrong in the handling of the Ray Rice matter and I 'm sorry for that , " he said . "  I 'm not satisfied with the way we handled it from the get-go . I made a mistake . I 'm not satisfied with the process we went through . I 'm not satisfied with the conclusion . " Katie Ray-Jones , president and CEO of the National Domestic Violence Hotline , told CNN after Goodell 's remarks that the league made a multimillion dollar commitment to the hotline . Retired quarterback criticizes NFL "  He 's admitting that he made a mistake and he 's working to correct it and they 're engaging many voices , " she said of Goodell and the league . But NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Fran Tarkenton on CNN Friday said he was doubtful of the league 's willingness to deal with domestic violence and other troubles . "  Are we going to allow men to knock out women , abuse women , knock out children and we 're going to have to wait six months to get spin control and get some people in here and buy out some more people ? " he said . "  I played for 18 years in this league . I 've seen coverups in this league just like we see in Washington and on Wall Street . And it continues . " Goodell , once viewed as a no-holds-barred enforcer who was called in to clean house , levied a mere two-game suspension against Rice , based on an initial video from outside the elevator that only showed Rice dragging Palmer out . Later , the new footage that showed the punch prompted Goodell to suspend the veteran player indefinitely . Last week , amid mounting criticism , the league announced that former FBI Director Robert Mueller will lead an independent inquiry into the league 's investigation and how it gathered evidence in the case . NOW : Mueller appointment ` window dressing ' Goodell on Friday dismissed questions about whether Mueller 's involvement with a law firm that has dealings with the league compromised the former FBI director 's investigation . The National Organization for Women called Mueller 's appointment "  just window dressing , " saying it did n't go far enough , and repeated its call for Goodell to resign . It 's been a tumultuous week for the man at the helm of the NFL . With Ray Rice suspended indefinitely , the league saw three more of its players come under scrutiny over domestic violence or child abuse allegations . Two of those players were deactivated for their Sunday games . Adrian Peterson of the Minnesota Vikings was deactivated after an East Texas grand jury indicted him on a child abuse charge . Peterson 's lawyer has said his client is innocent , and the Minnesota Vikings ' owners announced that Peterson will return to practice this week and is scheduled to play Sunday . "  While I am disappointed in what Adrian Peterson was involved with , we want to see the facts , " Goodell told reporters on Friday . "  What we have to do is allow those facts to succeed . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Morgan Winsor and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this story .	Source : Police described elevator video to Ravens security head Roger Goodell says he never considered resigning his post Goodell says he "  got it wrong " in his handling of the Ray Rice scandal "  We will get our house in order , " he said
CNN  -- Bo McCalebb , a 26-year old from New Orleans , makes for an unlikely Macedonian national hero . Until a year ago the basketball player had not even set foot in the small Balkan country , but since helping the national team to their biggest ever international sporting success last month , he 's become one of Macedonia 's favorite adopted sons . McCalebb was instrumental in Macedonia 's fourth-place finish , their highest ever , at the EuroBasket championships in Lithuania . If not quite "  Bo the Great , " he 's since been given the moniker "  Borche McCalebbovski " by wags in the local media , who quickly picked up on the unprecedented fervor the team 's wins created across the country . "  The team was greeted in Skopje as if they had won the golden medal , " remembers 32-year-old Mimoza Kasapi-Nuhiu , a resident of Macedonia 's capital . "  Lots of people went out on the streets on a working day , singing , banging their drums and cheering like never before . " Were you there ? Send in your photos and videos of Macedonia Although not a sports fan , Kasapi-Nuhiu realized what an impact the international exposure had on the country 's self image and the boost it gave the population . "  Macedonia was mentioned more times in a single basketball game on international TV than during its whole 20 years of existence since its independence , " said Kasapi-Nuhiu . McCalebb 's part in this unlikely national celebration began just a year ago . After graduating from the University of New Orleans , McCalebb was ignored by NBA teams and moved to Europe , playing for teams in Turkey , Serbia and now in Italy for Menssana Siena . It was while in Serbia in 2010 that he caught the attention of Dejan Lekic , the Secretary General of the Macedonian Basketball Federation . Each national team in Europe is allowed a naturalized player and Lekic saw McCalebb as a key addition to a team that had been steadily improving for six years . "  Usually you need to take a few months to check the personality , to check the qualities and character ... with Bo we were without worries , " he said . "  A few times we went out for coffee and colas and we were soon laughing at jokes ; he was Macedonian after two weeks already , " added Lekic . McCalebb spends a month each year training with the Macedonian national squad and admits to only knowing "  the bad stuff " when it comes to speaking the language . It was a surprise to get a call from Lekic , he admits , but unconcerned by any culture shock  or loss of U.S. citizenship  he also saw the chance to represent Macedonia as a way to boost his own career . "  I talked to a lot of older players and they said you can play longer with a  European  passport ; I did n't even think about it , I just said yes . " For Lekic , Macedonia 's adventure at EuroBasket was "  one magical story , " but he is realistic when it comes to the future for the team that he says remains underfunded and lacks adequate government backing . "  It 's very hard to work only with enthusiasm but without money . People think you just need a few balls , shoes and jerseys . Now is the time to either go forward or just survive year by year , " he said . Qualification for next year 's Olympic Games would be even better than this year 's success , says Lekic , but the way in which the team 's heroics brought about something like national unity was something more valuable than a boost to Macedonia 's sporting profile . Macedonia gained independence from Yugoslavia relatively peacefully in 1991 , but the country has been beset by internal tensions between Christian and Muslim ethnic groups . Country profile : Macedonia In 2001 the country was racked by months of violence between extremist groups from the country 's ethnic communities and the Macedonian military . "  I 'm happy that during EuroBasket lots of congratulations came from ethic Albanians and Muslims , " said Lekic . "  It makes me proud , because it 's like we 're making something forward in the development of unity of the country . " The basketball celebrations also gave Kasapi-Nuhiu reasons to be hopeful for a more harmonious Macedonia . "  The day when Macedonia was playing Russia for the bronze  medal  a friend of mine had posted on Facebook that he had heard his young Albanian neighbors cheering for the Macedonian team , " said Kasapi-Nuhiu . "  I remember his Facebook status saying ` There is hope for this place after all ... ' " Staying out of politics , Lekic is determined to bring more success to the country by nurturing the best talent wherever it comes from -- McCalebb aside . "  It 's time to stop the divisions ; we are all Macedonians , " he said . "  It 's a question of when Albanian basketball players , or even a coach , play with the national team . It will be not because he is Albanian , but because he is good . " Correction : An earlier published version of this article incorrectly stated Bo McCalebb attended University of Louisiana , not University of New Orleans	Macedonia achieved forth place at recent European basketball championships Naturalized player , Bo McCalebb was key to the team 's success Unexpected wins lead to huge celebrations in Macedonia 's captial Some signs that ethnic divisions could be bridged by sports success
CNN  -- Tracy Orr sat in the back of the room and prepared to watch her foreclosed home go up for auction this past Saturday . That 's when a pesky stranger sat down beside her and struck up a conversation . Tracy Orr faced losing her home to foreclosure when Marilyn Mock , a stranger , stepped in to buy it . "  Are you here to buy a house ? " Marilyn Mock said . Orr could n't hold it in . The tears flowed . She pointed to the auction brochure at a home that did n't have a picture . "  That 's my house , " she said . Within moments , the four-bedroom , two-bath home in Pottsboro , Texas , went up for sale . People up front began casting their bids . The home that Orr purchased in September 2004 was slipping away . She stood and moved toward the crowd . Behind her , Mock got into the action . "  She did n't know I was doing it , " Mock says . "  I just kept asking her if -LSB- her home -RSB- was worth it , and she just kept crying . She probably thought I was crazy , ` Why does this woman keep asking me that ? ' " Mock says she bought the home for about $ 30,000 . That 's when Mock did what most bidders at a foreclosure auction never do . Watch why a woman would buy back a stranger 's home " "  She said , ' I did this for you . I 'm doing this for you , ' " Orr says . "  When it was all done , I was just in shock . " "  I thought maybe her and her husband do these types of things to buy them and turn them . She said , ` No , you just look like you needed a friend . ' " "  All this happened within like 5 minutes . She never even asked me my name . She did n't ask me my financial situation . She had no idea what -LSB- the house -RSB- looked like . She just did it out of the graciousness of her heart , just a ` Good Samaritan , ' " Orr says . "  It 's amazing . " Orr says she had taken out a mortgage of $ 80,000 in 2004 when she first bought the home . At the time , she says she worked for the U.S. Postal Service . But she lost her job a month after taking out the loan when she says the Post Office fired her over a DWI while off-duty . She says a wrongful termination lawsuit is pending . Without a job , she fell behind on her home payments . She sold some property in 2006 for $ 12,000 and paid it to the mortgage company , thinking she had done enough to save herself from foreclosure -- but to no avail , she says . "  It 's just been a bad deal , " says Orr , who now works at All Saints Camp and Conference Center , a Christian group with ties to the Episcopal Diocese of Dallas , Texas . With the foreclosure auction approaching , she planned to make the nearly 80-mile drive to Dallas this past Saturday with an investor friend . But she says he ditched her at the last-minute . She went to the auction with her family , and suddenly found herself in the back with Mock . "  I always talk to everyone around me , " Mock says . "  I mean you can always find out all kinds of interesting things when you talk to people around you . So I just asked her , ` Are you here to buy a house ? ' " Mock , who is known as the "  Rock Lady " for her small business selling flagstone and other rocks in Rockwall , Texas , says she went to the auction with her 27-year-old son to help him buy his first home . He bought his home , and soon afterward Mock came across Orr . Mock says she 's using one of her business dump trucks as collateral for the $ 30,000 sale price . "  I ca n't afford to just give -LSB- the house -RSB- to her , " she says . As for Orr 's payments , Mock says , "  We 'll just figure out however much she can pay on it . That way , she can have her house back . " Why be so generous ? "  She was just so sad . You put yourself in their situation and you realize you just got to do something , " says Mock , who says she has trouble walking by homeless people on the street and not helping them out . "  If it was you , you 'd want somebody to stop and help you . " When she told her husband of 30 years that she 'd just bought a home for a stranger , she says his reaction was : "  Whatever . " "  He 's used to it , " she says with a booming laugh . Mock says she 's excited for another reason too . Orr 's house is located near a Texas fishing hot-spot . "  She says I can come up there and fish , and I love to fish ! " Orr , who nearly lost her home , says her newfound friend has "  given me back faith and hope to keep going and hold my head up . " "  Things happen for a reason , " Orr says .	Stranger buys foreclosed home for woman on hard times "  If it was you , you 'd want somebody to stop and help you , " says Marilyn Mock Mock bought home for $ 30,000 ; says she 'll work out payment deal with Tracy Orr Orr says Mock 's generosity has "  given me back faith and hope to keep going "
Mental Floss  -- It 's tough being brilliant . It 's even tougher when you hate your own masterpieces . 1 . Tony Kaye The forgotten history of "  American History X " Before director Tony Kaye embarked on his first feature film , 1997 's "  American History X , " he 'd already been declared a genius of the advertising world . Kaye was famous for taking months to craft the perfect 30-second commercial , and his meticulousness only bolstered his reputation . Top brands including Guinness and Volvo sought out his services , because he was just that good . But Kaye was more than a perfectionist ; he was an egoist and an eccentric . During a period of unemployment in the mid-1980s , Kaye ran a full-page ad in London 's "  Evening Standard " proclaiming , "  Tony Kaye is the Greatest English Director Since Hitchcock . " He also attempted to start his own art movement , which included an "  exhibition " of a homeless man in London 's Tate Gallery . So , perhaps it should come as no surprise that "  American History X " turned out the way it did . Studio execs at New Line Cinema were impressed by the concept behind Kaye 's pitch -- to create a film about a former skinhead who tries to keep his younger brother from following in his footsteps . But after shooting 200 hours of footage and delivering a rough cut to the producers , Kaye still was n't satisfied with the movie . He wanted to tweak the storytelling , and the studio agreed to give him another eight weeks to complete the project . During those two months , Kaye did virtually no editing . Instead , he went to a Caribbean island to consult with poet Derek Walcott , who plied the director with a few vague ideas about how to improve the film . Upon returning , Kaye decided to add in footage of actual neo-Nazis , but he had no idea how long that would take . Exasperated , the studio execs eventually pried the movie out of Kaye 's hands , and New Line released an earlier cut of the film . At that point , Tony Kaye lost it . He sued the studio for $ 200 million and demanded that Humpty Dumpty be credited as the director . He also spent $ 100,000 on print ads that trashed the movie . In interviews , he badmouthed the script and claimed that actor Edward Norton had been wrong for the lead role . Yet in spite of Kaye 's insistence that the movie was horrible , "  American History X " went on to garner terrific reviews -- not to mention a Best Actor Oscar nomination for Edward Norton . Mental Floss : Ten hit songs you thought were about women  but are n't 2 . W.H. Auden The poem that would n't die W.H. Auden 's best-known poem , "  September 1 , 1939 , " was written the day that Germany invaded Poland , launching World War II . From the moment it was published in The New Republic that year , the work was instantly popular -- but Auden wanted to revise it . He thought parts of the poem rang false . He especially hated its most famous line : "  We must love one another or die . " Auden later reflected , "  That 's a damned lie ! We must die anyway . " So in the next version of his poem , Auden altered the text to read , "  We must love one another and die . " Even after making the change , Auden continued to despise the line . In subsequent versions , he resorted to cutting the entire stanza , and eventually decided he wanted to do away with the piece altogether : "  The whole poem , I realized , was infected with an incurable dishonesty -- and must be scrapped . " To Auden 's dismay , people kept reading and quoting "  September 1 , 1939 . " The poet was particularly irritated when President Lyndon Johnson used the poem in his 1964 "  Daisy " TV spot attacking opponent Barry Goldwater . The ad featured a little girl plucking petals off a flower , as the image of a nuclear explosion emerges behind her . As the mushroom cloud balloons to fill the screen , President Johnson says in a voiceover , "  We must either love each other , or we must die . " After seeing the ad , Auden said , "  I pray that I never be memorable like that again . " 3 . Frederic Remington The way the west was lost Decades before the movies of John Wayne and Clint Eastwood , Frederic Remington 's illustrations created the mythic American West . During the 1880s and 1890s , readers devoured his depictions of grizzled cowboys and sinewy horses , reproduced by the hundreds in magazines and books . He illustrated "  Teddy Roosevelt 's Ranch Life and the Hunting-Trail " in 1887 and was a correspondent during the Spanish-American War in 1898 . But the artist was n't much of a cowboy himself . Born in New York , Remington went to art school at Yale , where he spent more time playing football than studying his craft . At age 19 , he headed out West for a few years , visiting Montana and New Mexico and even making a go of sheep ranching in Kansas . However , he found the work difficult and tedious and soon returned home to New York , where he lived for most of his life . While his experiences on the frontier inspired his most famous works , Remington grew tired of painting crowd-pleasing cowboy scenes year after year . He wanted his work to become more abstract and expressive . He even began branching out into sculpture . But the public was n't interested in his experiments in modernism ; his cowboy paintings were paying the bills . On January 25 , 1908 , Remington became so frustrated while painting a particularly tricky scene that he decided to burn the canvas . He built a bonfire on his front lawn and torched the unfinished painting ; then he proceeded to toss his other work into the flames . He ended up destroying more than 100 paintings that night , with millions of dollars in art going up in smoke . "  They will never confront me in the future , " he wrote . Indeed they did n't . Remington 's sculptures became his most lasting work . Today , one of his bronzes , "  Bronco Buster , " sits next to President Obama in the Oval Office . Mental Floss : Ten of the best fictional parents 4 . R. Crumb Drowning his own kitten Indie cartoonist Robert Crumb became famous in the 1960s for his cast of raunchy characters , including Mr. Natural and the "  Keep on Truckin ' " guys . But his best-known creation was the smooth-talking , sex-crazed Fritz the Cat . Ballantine Books published a paperback collection of Fritz ' tales in 1969 , and a copy ended up with animator Ralph Bakshi . An up-and-coming genius in his own right , Bakshi was looking to make an animated movie for adults , and Fritz seemed like perfect source material . When Bakshi approached Crumb with a movie deal , the cartoonist waffled . He 'd lost interest in Fritz years ago , but he also did n't want to turn down Bakshi . To avoid making a choice , Crumb left the decision up to his wife , who thought both the film and the immediate paycheck were good ideas . It turned out that Crumb had good reason to be hesitant . Bakshi did n't feel obligated to stay true to the original work , and he used Fritz as a vehicle to voice his own views -- depicting hippies as would-be fascists , embracing toilet humor , and including unexplained violence . Bakshi presented the material as an attack on the 1960s -- a decade that had been very good to Crumb . When Crumb previewed the finished film , he was appalled . The politics were bad enough , but in Crumb 's words , the toilet humor suggested a "  real repressed " attitude toward sex . It was too late to change anything , though , and "  Fritz the Cat " was released in theaters . The first animated film with an X rating , Fritz became a hot topic and earned massive amounts of publicity . Bakshi , for his part , was hailed as a breath of fresh air in the field of animation . But Crumb got his revenge . A few months after the movie 's release , he drew a comic titled "  The Death of Fritz the Cat , " in which he killed the character with an ice pick to the head . The cat was finished , and Crumb refused all future adaptations of his work . 5 . Ludwig van Beethoven Turning a deaf ear In addition to being a brilliant composer , Ludwig van Beethoven was a shrewd businessman . He dedicated most of his work to wealthy benefactors , with the hope that they 'd keep giving him money . But in the early 1800s , Beethoven decided to shift his strategy and honor the man he admired the most -- Napoleon Bonaparte . Beethoven believed in the egalitarian ideals of the French Revolution , and he saw Napoleon as a charismatic leader who was making a real effort to reform government . In 1803 , the star-struck composer named his third symphony the "  Bonaparte " symphony . Of course , when Napoleon proclaimed himself emperor of France in May 1804 , Beethoven was horrified . The composer ripped apart the title page to his symphony , yelling , "  Now , too , he will tread underfoot all the rights of man , and indulge only his ambition . He will exalt himself above all others , and become a tyrant ! " After cooling off a little , the composer decided that the symphony was still good , but he changed the title . He renamed it the "  Eroica " symphony , dedicating it to a generic "  heroic man . " The passionate work is still one of Beethoven 's most-performed pieces . To this day , the library of Vienna 's Musikverein concert hall keeps an original copy of the composition on display -- complete with Napoleon 's name violently scratched out . Mental Floss : Fun facts about presidential memoirs For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	To W.H. Auden 's dismay , people kept reading and quoting his poem "  September 1 , 1939 " Frederic Remington destroyed over 100 paintings Beethoven ripped apart the title page to his "  Bonaparte " symphony
CNN  -- The TSA is not as bad you think they are . At least , that 's what a list of "  myths and facts " issued Thursday by the TSA about pat-downs and other security measures would like you to consider . Many Americans have reacted with displeasure , or even outrage , over recent high-profile stories about intrusive searches at airports . In one of the instances that reverberated the strongest , a California man 's video of his encounter with TSA agents went viral . John Tyner refused an X-ray scan and then famously told agents that , "  if you touch my junk , I 'll have you arrested . " In its fact sheet , the TSA says that pat-downs only occur when a passenger sets off a metal detector or opts out of an X-ray scan . The latter is what led to Tyner 's confrontation with the TSA . Some see the pat-downs as a punishment for refusing to get scanned , but the TSA says that is not the case . "  There is nothing punitive about it -- it just makes good security sense , " the TSA said . "  And the weapons and other dangerous and prohibited items we 've found during pat-downs speak to this . " There are 400 full-body scanning machines at 69 airports nationwide , according to the TSA . About 24 million air travelers are expected to fly over the Thanksgiving holiday period , according to the Air Transport Association of America , an airline trade group . Grass-roots groups are urging travelers either not to fly or to protest by opting out of the full-body scanners and undergoing time-consuming pat-downs instead . Industry leaders are worried about the backlash . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano met with leaders of travel industry groups to discuss the concerns . Another myth that the TSA tackled is that all children will receive pat-downs . Children who require extra screening who are under 12 receive a modified pat-down , the TSA said . That news probably is n't reassuring for teenagers who draw a secondary security screening . Capt. Chesley "  Sully " Sullenberger , the hero pilot , has gone on record as a critic of the TSA measures . He said the use of full-body pat-downs and advanced imaging scanners for airline personnel "  just is n't an efficient use of our resources . " Then there is the issue of whether the full-body scans , done in advance imaging technology , or AIT machines , are safe . It is a myth that they are not safe , the TSA says . The Backscatter technology used in the machines has been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and the National Institute for Standards and Technology , the TSA says . "  In fact , a traveler is exposed to less radiation from one AIT scan than from two minutes of an airline flight , " the fact sheet says . Passengers have also expressed concerns that the images from the scanners can be saved or transmitted to other devices . The TSA also calls this a myth , saying that the scanning machines do not have the capability to save or transmit images , and that other devices , such as cell phones with cameras , are not allowed in the screening rooms .	TSA says that pat-downs are only for those who set off metal detectors They are also for those who opt out of an X-ray scan Passengers have expressed displeasure with the pat-downs at airports
CNN  -- Tina Gangidine is so passionate about President Barack Obama , even her pet lovebird campaigned for him . "  I left the campaign sign by her cage , and whenever she would get out she would always hop right over to it and sit for long stretches staring at it , " said the retired middle school teacher from Ohio . "  I guess she was a political bird . Well , so is the rest of her family , so she came by it honestly . " Gangidine campaigns in her swing state for the president pretty much nonstop , but she paused long enough to post a photo of the starry-eyed creature -- known as The Bird , H.R.H.  Her Royal Highness  -- on the Pet Lovers for Obama Facebook page . It got more "  likes " and thoughtful comments than almost anything else she 's ever posted , and that includes the Twitter feed and Facebook pages she runs for her neighborhood 's Obama campaign . Suddenly , she realized there was a lesson . "  When we are phone banking , we have to work really hard to get someone to pick up and talk with us , " Gangidine said . "  People love their pets so they pay attention to this kind of thing , and it 's a really positive message for them to see from us . " Obama outspends Romney online Presidential pets have certainly played a role in politicking before . President Franklin D. Roosevelt often appeared in photos with Fala , his Scottish terrier . President George W. Bush sent holiday videos of his dog Barney every Christmas . President Bill Clinton 's cat , Socks , even had its own book . But this virtual campaign by Obama for America to encourage people to "  like " its Facebook page , post photos of their pets and recruit friends is taking the presidential love of pets to a whole new level . It seems to be working . More than 16,500 people have "  liked " the page so far . Hundreds of others have posted photos of their furry friends . A dog named Teddy Roosevelt abandoned his namesake 's political party to wear a navy Obama shirt . Baby , a gray cat , looks smart in a "  Cats for Obama " collar . There 's even an unnamed chicken sporting an Obama bandana . Such pet-specific merchandise is available on an accompanying Obama campaign site . There 's an "  I Meow for Michelle " cat collar , a "  2012 Barack 's best friend " dog collar with a matching leash , a Bo "  I bark for Barack " car magnet , and many others . All purchases count as campaign donations . Chicagoan Lisa Capretto posted a photo of her pit-bull mix Rocco sporting an Obama T-shirt and sitting patiently with human-sized Obama sunglasses perched on his wet nose . "  My brother works with the campaign , and he brought over a bunch of gear , " Capretto said . "  Rocco is clearly such a tolerant and sweet dog . " While Capretto and her husband have donated money to Obama 's re-election effort , the photo she submitted is the only real campaigning she plans to do . "  We are still enthusiastic about the president , but I 'll leave the grass-roots campaigning to my brother , " she said . "  I do like this particular effort , though , and I thought the least I could do was lend my support by taking this ridiculous picture . " There is no parallel pet-themed campaign for Republican candidate Mitt Romney . There is a Vets for Romney Facebook page , but that 's for the military -- not the animal -- kind of vet . A Dogs Against Romney Facebook page has racked up more than 55,000 "  likes , " but it was created as a tongue-in-cheek response to the story of how Romney strapped a crate containing his Irish setter , Seamus , to the roof of his car during a road trip to Canada . The page is not sanctioned by any campaign . "  We 've seen this for months . The Obama campaign would rather talk about anything under the sun , including dogs , if it means they can distract from the most important issue on the minds of every American -- jobs and the economy , " Republican National Committee spokeswoman Kirsten Kukowski said . "  Every minute team Obama talks about something other than jobs and the economy , they are attempting to hide Obama 's record from voters . " The Obama campaign wo n't comment on its digital strategy . But its attempt to engage with the pet set may now be aimed at many more voters . As a part of its general online ad blitz , Obama for America created an ad in which the candidate himself never appears . Instead , under the title "  Join Pet Lovers for Obama , " is a lone photo of the president 's dog , Bo . None of the popular online animal sites like Petfinders.com , Dogster.com , or icanhascheezburger.com say they 've received the ad , but the ad has run on several general news sites , which reach a broader audience . "  They are clearly wide-casting with this ad and are looking for places where they can persuade swing voters and independents and women with this , " said Drew Westen , an Emory University psychology professor and author of "  The Political Brain , " a book about the role of emotion in deciding elections . "  It 's a nice , neutral message . Who does n't like a dog ? " Kate Kaye , senior editor for ClickZ , a trade publication that covers the digital advertising industry , thinks the dog ads are a strategic attempt to cultivate a certain type of voter . "  Maybe Obama 's staff thinks people who are sentimental about their animals are more likely to be interested in more liberal issues , " Kaye said . "  As the campaign builds up its data on who views these ads , they can go back later and specifically target that reader with whatever their next appropriate issue ad is . " Denise Small , a volunteer with the Humane Society of Western Montana , submitted a photo of her 16-year-old Persian cat Mysty wearing an Obama bandana to Pet Lovers for Obama . She thinks the pet campaign lends the president credibility . "  It helps him seem so genuine , " she said . "  For me , as someone who is passionate about animals , how genuine someone is as a human is most important to me in a politician . I think he reflects my values , and it is clear he is a passionate advocate for human rights and for low-income people . I do n't see that from the other side . " The Facebook page also has kept Small engaged with the Obama campaign . She visits it regularly to click through and comment on other people 's pictures . Gangidine , who put her lovebird 's photo on the page , also continues to visit the site . She thinks it resonates with voters who appreciate seeing something positive when so much else about the campaign -- especially advertising -- is negative . "  Something like this reaches everyday people , " she said , "  and we 're going to need every one of them to get out there . " The campaign volunteer says she would happily post other photos of her Obama-curious bird if it would help her candidate , but unfortunately , The Bird H.R.H died recently . "  She went to sleep when I was at a Democratic organizing meeting , of all things , " Gangidine said . Not all is lost though . Gangidine is considering putting a tiny Obama scarf on her son 's rescue hamster , Stinky . "  Although I 'd have to take the picture superfast , " she said . "  He is a hamster , after all . It 's likely he 'd eat it . And that message might not seem as supportive . "	It may be a campaign first : pets in political outfits advertising for a campaign More than 16,000 people have "  liked " the Pets for Obama Facebook page The Obamas ' dog , Bo , appears solo in a campaign ad for the president The RNC thinks the Pets for Obama page is a distraction
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An Afghan political figure considered vital to peace efforts in the country was assassinated Tuesday , officials said . Burhanuddin Rabbani , a former Afghan president who had been leading the Afghan peace council , was killed in an attack at his home . NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said two suicide bombers , "  feigning a desire to conduct reconciliation talks , detonated themselves . " Afghan officials earlier said there was one bomber . The attacker hid the explosive device inside his turban , said Hasmat Stanikzai , spokesman for Kabul police . An Afghan intelligence source told CNN that the bomber arrived at the house at the same time a meeting was due to take place between Rabbani and a delegation representing the Taliban insurgency . Stanikzai said the bomber claimed to be a Taliban member who had come for the talks about peace and reconciliation , and detonated the explosives as he entered the home . Four other people were wounded , including Masoom Stanikzai , a key adviser to Rabbani , the police spokesman said . A doctor at a 400-bed hospital in Kabul said , "  We have received three people from the blast at Rabbani 's house . Among the injured are Masoom Stanikzai , one bodyguard and an assistant " to Rabbani . Rabbani was long considered crucial to Afghan and coalition efforts to bring Taliban leaders into the reconciliation process . He was also heading the United National Front Party , the largest political party that stands in opposition to President Hamid Karzai . Karzai called Rabbani 's killing a "  very tragic loss " for his country . Speaking at the United Nations in New York , Karzai described Rabbani as "  an Afghan patriot " who "  has sacrificed his life for the sake of Afghanistan and for the peace of our country . " "  We will miss him very much , " Karzai said . Karzai cut short his time at the United Nations . His office said he would return to Afghanistan in the wake of the killing . Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , said of the violence in Afghanistan , including Rabbani 's assassination , "  We know that is the campaign the insurgents are on . We 've got to adjust to that and protect the leaders . "  Someone is going to have to step in very quickly because that is a critical part of the peace process , " Mullen said of Rabbani 's role . The killing represents the strategy of the Taliban to assassinate as many leaders as possible , Mullen said . NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen called the assassination "  an attack on the Afghan people as they begin to take their country 's security in their own hands . " "  To those who offer only death and destruction to the Afghan people , our message is clear : You will not prevail , " he said in a statement . Gen. John R. Allen , commander of ISAF , said the "  face of the peace initiative has been attacked . " "  This is another outrageous indicator that , regardless of what Taliban leadership outside the country say , they do not want peace , but rather war , " Allen said in a statement . The loud explosion heard in the attack on the home prompted temporary lockdowns at the nearby U.S. Embassy and ISAF headquarters as officials investigated the source of the blast . Personnel at the U.S. Embassy were instructed to take cover late Tuesday afternoon due to an incident outside the embassy 's perimeter , an embassy spokesman said . "  It appears at this time that the embassy was not the target of the incident , " spokesman Gavin Sundwall said in a statement . "  We are working to account for all embassy personnel and staff . " ISAF headquarters was on lockdown for about 30 minutes , an ISAF spokesman said . People at the headquarters heard a couple of deep booms followed by sirens , the spokesman said .	NEW : ISAF commander says the face of the peace initiative has been attacked NATO says 2 suicide bombers carried out the attack ; Afghan authorities described one Four people were wounded in the attack , a police spokesman says
New Delhi  CNN  -- If India and the United States were Facebook friends , the relationship between the world 's two largest democracies would undoubtedly be "  complicated . " It is no secret the two countries have endured a rocky period . And yet , as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in India this week , there are clear signs of a rapprochement . In a speech Monday in Washington , Kerry previewed the message he is bringing to New Delhi , echoing President Barack Obama 's famous words about India and the U.S. forming this century 's "  defining partnership . " For an address that was played out on television screens across India , Kerry cleverly ticked off the key boxes : he praised new Prime Minister Narendra Modi and spoke repeatedly of two confident nations that were "  natural partners ... connected by core values . " Crucially , Kerry talked about boosting trade between the two nations from $ 100 billion to five times that amount -- a surge that would rank India as a bigger trading partner than France , the United Kingdom , Germany or Japan . Kerry said all the right things . Now it 's New Delhi 's turn . What will Modi say ? World leaders tend to have a wonderful way of exaggerating friendships in public . Everyone is a best friend , a special relation , an age-old ally . Even so , in politics , rhetoric is important ; it is certainly a first step toward repairing relations . In fact , one of the goals of Kerry 's visit is to lay the groundwork for an even more important visit : when Modi visits the United States in September and meets Obama . There , too , one can expect all the rhetorical niceties of political getting-to-know-one-another . But very soon both sides will also want to see deliverables . That 's where things might get tricky . The Carnegie Endowment 's Milan Vaishnav says Indo-U.S. ties "  will improve or deteriorate based on the performance of India 's economy . " As Vaishnav describes it , the U.S. -- unlike Japan , for example -- does not have a large pool of government money to invest in India ; the real money needs to come from private investors , over which Washington has little control . The key , then , will be whether India can make itself an attractive destination to grow money . Can India become an easier place to do business ? Can it truly open up the way many other Asian nations have ? Can it finally live up to expectations ? According to one survey by the networking site LinkedIn , no other country 's business leaders are as positive about the global economy as India 's . Some 71 % of senior business leaders in India expect an improvement in the global economy , up from 51 % before Modi was elected in May . By comparison , only 44 % of American business leaders and 26 % of French business leaders are positive about the world economy . India 's business leaders smell opportunity and success . Modi 's challenge will be to convert that bullishness into results . Some are wondering whether he 's been too slow off the blocks . A Bloomberg View editorial says "  optimism over Modi is evaporating fast . " The Indian Express columnist Pratap Bhanu Mehta wonders whether Modi 's government has already lost a sense of credible control . One particularly vexing example is India 's handling of the World Trade Organization talks . While most economists agree on the need for speeding up global trade , India -- supported by the likes of Bolivia , Cuba and Venezuela -- emerged as an unlikely roadblock to a global deal last week , seeking instead to retain the ability to stockpile and subsidize grain . Analysts say it was likely a play by Modi to secure farmers ' support in rural India . Behind the scenes , Kerry will no doubt pressure Modi to reverse his stance . It may turn out to be yet another hurdle in the relationship . Ultimately , however , Modi 's No. 1 priority will be to grow India 's economy , and that does n't hinge solely on foreign investment . Great gains are to be made in cutting red tape , tackling corruption and creating jobs to tap the vast growth potential of India 's youthful population . If Modi succeeds in that task , the greatest beneficiaries will of course be Indians but it will also create a rising tide , lifting the United States and the rest of the world . Kerry will know all too well that what is good for Modi and India , will likely be good for Washington as well . At a time when all the world seems like a mess , there are few losers -- and many winners -- if the world 's two biggest democracies make nice and hit the reset button .	U.S. secretary of state is visiting India in hopes of improving relations Ravi Agrawal : John Kerry is rightly focused on economic ties , including trade Real test of improved trade will rest in the performance of India 's economy , he says Agrawal : World 's two biggest democracies should work together
CNN  -- A Phoenix , Arizona , elementary school bus careened out of control for nearly a mile Wednesday evening , causing more than a dozen accidents and sending at least 26 people to the hospital . A Phoenix , Arizona , school bus crossed over several lanes of traffic , crashing into several vehicles on Wednesday . Phoenix police officer James Holmes told CNN the bus struck two cars at an intersection as it approached an overpass on Interstate 10 . The bus later crossed into oncoming lanes , causing a chain reaction of collisions . At least two cars overturned , and several passengers in the vehicles had to be cut out of the wreckage , authorities said . Holmes said the bus carrying 45 students came to a stop a mile from the first accident scene . He said panicked children began jumping from the bus and fled into the neighborhood . Watch children describe frenzy of being on out-of-control bus " Officers had to round up the students and used media reports to ask for help in looking for them . By late Wednesday , police thought they had located everyone . No injuries were reported to any of the children on board . Police were interviewing the driver , trying to determine what caused the accident . CNN affiliate KPNX reports the bus driver lost consciousness before the crash . Twenty-six passengers in the other cars , including several children , were being treated at hospitals . Some of the injuries were serious , but none was thought to be life-threatening .	Out-of-control school bus crashes into dozens of cars in Phoenix , Arizona Panicked children jumped from bus , fleeing into neighborhood At least 26 people treated at area hospitals
Capital One wants to know what 's in your wallet . It also wants to know your address , so its representatives can come visit if you owe money . At least , those are the accusations leveled at the credit card giant this week . At first blush , it seems that Capital One would be barred from this activity by federal law . Specifically , the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act outlaws even less-intrusive behavior . Under the act , debt collectors are prohibited from making repeated phone calls , calling before 8 a.m. or after 9 p.m. , or even calling at times the collector should have known are inconvenient . Certainly , the debt collection act would frown upon showing up at a debtor 's home . It would . The problem is , the act protects debtors against abusive collection tactics by third-party debt collectors and debt buyers only . It does not apply to the original creditor . There 's nothing in the debt collection act that prevents Capital One from showing up at your home : In fact , the law does n't prevent the original creditor from doing anything . As long as no other law bars this activity , the parties -- consumer and credit card company -- appear to be free to enter into a contract . Capital One 's rules said customers can be contacted by mail , phone , e-mail or "  personal visit . " Does that mean consumers can unwittingly agree to their credit card company showing up at their door because they missed a payment ? Modern contract law is on a collision course with technology . Historically , contracts have been paper , detailed in a reasonable number of pages . The expectation that a consumer would read an entire contract was not unreasonable . Today , the price of existing in the modern world is hastily clicking our assent to an endless number of "  clickwrap " agreements , often dozens of pages long , where you simply scroll through and check a box to complete your purchase . Sure , you can read all the fine print , if you have an extra four hours a day . And if you do n't agree with Section 109  g   3  of some online purchase agreement , you can refuse to click -- but then again , who loses ? Now , you ca n't order those commemorative plates or pair of shoes for delivery . None of these contract terms is negotiable . They are all "  take it or leave it . " Because we all depend on the Internet to a large extent for goods and services , most of us grit our teeth and agree -- Section 109  g   3  and all . Contract law has been slow to acknowledge this reality . Courts have upheld these online "  agreements " based on the contract principles that consumers should read every page of an agreement before they sign it . That advice is still sound today -- but is it reasonable ? Is the only other option to wander the Earth as the lone Luddite , disconnected from progress and civilization ? Perhaps contract law should intervene to prevent the mega-corporation from sneaking or forcing contract terms upon an unsuspecting public . But wait . The social implications of this suggestion are equally ominous : Are we entering an era where citizens can not be expected to take responsibility for the contracts they enter into ? On one hand , it seems wrong that corporations , with their legal teams , should be permitted to impose 50 pages of one-sided terms upon the average Joe . On the other hand , have we the people gotten to the point where we are n't competent enough to be responsible for the contracts we willingly sign ? We the people apparently are not alone . Even Capital One does n't understand its contracts . Capital One was quick to release a statement saying that it does not visit cardholders , nor does it send debt collectors to homes or offices . Capital One will maintain that the credit card rules sent to cardholders have the same language as those sent to anyone who buys a car or sports vehicle through a secured loan from the bank . If those buyers default , Capital One has acknowledged that its representatives might actually visit those homes to repossess . That 's fine , but why did the cardholders receive the same contracts ? The bank is considering creating two separate agreements because this language does n't apply to the general cardholder base . That 's fine , but why did the change come only after bad press ? Notice one common theme ? All the misunderstandings , the accidents and the oversights seem to accrue to the benefit of Capital One . Coincidence ? Accident ? I 'm sure it is . Credit card companies always have their customers ' best interests at heart . And if you 're not convinced , just ask them ... when they ring your doorbell .	Capital One cardholder contract said it can make a "  personal visit " if you owe money Danny Cevallos : We check "  yes " on long online contracts without really reading them Cevallos : These contracts might be sneaky , but are n't we responsible if we sign them ? Cevallos : Capital One said it 's an oversight , just a boilerplate contract , and no one will visit
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama announced Monday his choice for surgeon general -- Dr. Regina Benjamin , a 52-year-old family practice doctor who has spent most of her career tending to the needs of poor patients in a Gulf Coast clinic in Alabama . Dr. Regina Benjamin holds advanced degrees in medicine and business administration . "  When people could n't pay , she did n't charge them , " Obama said . "  When the clinic was n't making money , she did n't take a salary for herself . " He called Benjamin "  a relentless promoter " of programs to fight preventable illness . Benjamin cited the toll of preventable illness as the reason her family was not with her at the announcement : Her father died with diabetes and high blood pressure ; her older brother and only sibling died at age 44 of an HIV-related illness ; her mother died of lung cancer after taking up smoking as a girl ; her mother 's twin brother could not attend because he is at home "  struggling for each breath " after a lifetime of smoking . "  I can not change my family 's past , but I can be a voice to improve our nation 's health for the future , " she said . Watch for more on Benjamin " Benjamin received a bachelor 's degree in 1979 from Xavier University of Louisiana , attended Morehouse School of Medicine from 1980 to 1982 , and received a doctor of medicine degree from the University of Alabama at Birmingham in 1984 . She completed her residency in family practice at the Medical Center of Central Georgia in 1987 . Her medical training was paid for by a federal program , the National Health Service Corps , under which medical students promise to work in areas with few doctors in exchange for free tuition , one year of service for every year of paid tuition . Benjamin founded the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic in 1990 in the fishing village of Bayou La Batre , Alabama , and has served as its CEO since . Like many of her patients , the clinic has suffered its own life-threatening challenges . It was heavily damaged by Hurricane Georges in 1998 and Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . It also burned to the ground several years ago . But Benjamin rebuilt it after each setback and has continued to offer medical care to the village 's 2,500 residents . Her commitment to them has meant making house calls during the rebuilding , mortgaging her house and maxing out her credit cards , Obama said . "  Regina Benjamin has refused to give up ; her patients have refused to give up , " he said . Many of her family practice patients are immigrants from Vietnam , Cambodia and Laos who make up a third of Bayou La Batre 's population , and many of them are uninsured . Benjamin 's expertise goes beyond medicine ; she earned a master 's in business administration in 1991 from Tulane University . But her focus has not been on making money for herself , she said . "  My priority has always been the needs of my patients , " she said . "  I decided to treat patients regardless of their ability to pay . " Benjamin said she has worked for years to scrape together the resources needed to keep the clinic doors open and found "  it has not been an easy road . ... It should not be this hard for doctors and other health care providers to care for their patients . " She praised Obama "  for putting health care reform at the top of your domestic agenda , " and said she hopes , if confirmed by the Senate , "  to be America 's doctor , America 's family physician . " "  As we work toward a solution to this health care crisis , I promise to communicate directly to the American people , to help guide them through whatever changes come with health care reform . I want to make sure that no one falls through the cracks , " she said . A call to the clinic , where Benjamin was working last week , found it in full swing . "  We are just packed in with patients right now , and I 'm the only one at the front office , " said a breathless woman who then hung up . Benjamin has served as the associate dean for rural health at the University of South Alabama 's College of Medicine and as president of the State of Alabama Medical Association , from 2002-2003 . She was the first African-American woman board member of the American Medical Association , and she just served a term as chairwoman of the group 's Council on Ethical and Judicial Affairs . The position of surgeon general , whose effectiveness is largely in its use as a bully pulpit , requires Senate confirmation .	Dr. Regina Benjamin is a rural family physician She founded and rebuilt medical clinic in a fishing village in Alabama Many of her patients are uninsured , according to the MacArthur Foundation Benjamin received a "  genius grant " from the MacArthur Foundation
CNN  -- In beating a hasty retreat from Cliven Bundy , their onetime Lonesome Cowboy icon , Republicans have resorted to a familiar tactic : divert , deny , distract . Divert attention by claiming the "  media " made a story out of Cliven Bundy . The "  media " plucked him out of obscurity , baited him with questions about race , and then blew the story out of proportion . Deny having defended , supported and promoted Bundy -- despite the recorded evidence -- with faux outrage and feigned offense . Divert by talking about how much the only racism left in America is the talk about racism . That 's one of the points Tara Wall makes in her op-ed attacking CNN for its coverage of Bundy and his self-declared "  Range War . " But sticking our fingers in our ears and saying "  I ca n't hear you " did n't make problems go away when we were 5-year-olds on a playground . And saying that if we just stop talking about race , there wo n't be any racial bias , does n't make it so . Look , I get it . Talking about the racial reality in America makes some powerful people uncomfortable . It shows in Chief Justice John Roberts ' argument that a nonexistent colorblindness justifies the Supreme Court 's gutting of affirmative action and the Voting Rights Act . Most Americans are n't hateful , and many who are , like Cliven Bundy , do n't see themselves in the mirror . But there 's still a racial bias in this country that holds back talented Americans who are n't white . What Justice Sonia Sotomayor said about the judiciary applies to all of us . If we believe in the guarantee of equal protection , then "  we ought not sit back and wish away , rather than confront , the racial inequality that exists in our society . " "  Wishing away " leads to a denial , and denial of history is , unfortunately , part of Tara Wall 's appeal to history . Yes , President Abraham Lincoln was a Republican , but a hundred years later the Republican Party was n't Lincoln 's . Richard Nixon became president by courting Americans upset by integration , intentionally fueling the racial divide . In his first speech after winning the Republican nomination in 1980 , Ronald Reagan , said he believed "  in states ' rights . " This at the Neshoba County Fair , just a few miles from Philadelphia , Mississippi , where three civil rights workers were murdered . In 2005 , Republican National Committee Chairman Ken Mehlman formally apologized for this "  Southern Strategy . " This would have been great , if only they 'd stopped using it . But they have n't . Here 's the proof . Or more proof . Phil Robertson of "  Duck Dynasty " said pretty much the same thing Cliven Bundy did . Republicans did n't chastise him . They celebrated him . In fact , some Republicans invited "  Duck Dynasty " cast members to this year 's State of the Union address to show their support . The Republican elected officials and their allies supported Bundy 's cause c  l  bre with their actions and rhetoric from the beginning . Before he wondered if "  Blacks might not be better off as slaves , " Bundy received support and encouragement from three Republican senators , two of them  Ted Cruz and Rand Paul  with presidential ambitions . Nevada 's Republican senator , Dean Heller , referred to Bundy and his supporters as patriots before retracting . And then there 's the list of state and local Republicans around the country who supported Bundy , including Texas Gov. Rick Perry , another presidential aspirant . Bundy felt comfortable lecturing a reporter about race and slavery because for weeks he 'd been puffed up by right-leaning media outlets , potential Republican presidential candidates , and current GOP officeholders . That 's why he was even on the media 's radar . And speaking of the media , here 's another dot to connect . In April , before this most recent controversy sparked , Fox News mentioned Cliven Bundy 458 times . Sean Hannity -- who said Bundy was a "  friend and frequent guest " -- interviewed Bundy at length , more than a half-dozen times , about his confrontation with the federal government . It was all part of a concerted effort to turn a racist welfare rancher into a folk hero . Why ? MediaMatters.org and others report that "  Hannity receives major funding and large ad buys from Koch-affiliated Heritage and Tea Party Patriots . " That 's significant because the Koch Brothers and their affiliates want to "  transfer control of federal lands to states " so that they can "  use the land in whichever way is most profitable to them such as mining , drilling , and other resource extraction . " It 's a shame a little racism gets in the way of profits and power grabs . That Republicans eventually got around to denouncing Bundy 's racist , pro-slavery statement , after conspicuous silence , does n't change the fact they have a history of promoting people like Robertson and Bundy . It does n't change the fact that they 're still advocating an agenda fueled by hatred and fear . It 's time for Republicans to stop posing and look in the mirror . They ca n't light a fire under a pot and then feign outrage when it boils over .	Donna Brazile says when it comes to race , the GOP has a simple game plan Divert , deny , distract , says Brazile , are the tactics they use most frequently Their reaction to comments made by rancher Cliven Bundy are another example , she says
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo beat his own La Liga scoring record on Saturday as Real Madrid maintained a four-point advantage over rivals Barcelona with a 3-1 win over Sporting Gijon . The Portugal international 's header in the 74th minute took his tally of goals to 41 this season -- a mark equaled later in the night by Lionel Messi as Barcelona beat Levante 2-1 . Ronaldo 's record-breaking goal was a vital one , putting Madrid ahead for the first time in the game after Miguel De Las Cuevas had given Gijon the lead from the penalty spot in the 30th minute . Argentine striker Gonzalo Higuain pulled one back before halftime but Ronaldo 's effort guided a lackluster Madrid towards three vital points . Five minutes later Gijon defender Roberto Canella was dismissed by the referee for a second bookable offense which paved the way for France forward Karim Benzema to add a third in the 82nd minute . The loss left Sporting struggling down in 19th place on 28 points three points ahead of bottom-side Racing Santander  who travel to Villarreal on Sunday  and level on points with Real Zaragoza who host Granada , also on Sunday . Barcelona also had to come from behind in their match at Levante after Jose Barkero gave the home side the lead from the penalty spot in the 23rd minute . Barcelona passed and probed without much joy until the 63rd minute when , inevitably , Lionel Messi put his side back on level terms with a curling effort from the edge of the box . Six minutes later they were awarded a controversial penalty when the linesman flagged for a challenge on Isaac Cuenca by Pedro Botelho after the referee had waved play on . A gaggle of furious Levante players protested to the officials in vain before Messi stepped up to put an unstoppable spot kick past goalkeeper Gustavo Munua . The Argentine 's two goals took his tally in all competitions this season to an incredible 63 . With five league games left , Madrid have 85 points to Barcelona 's 81 .	Cristiano Ronaldo takes league tally to 41 goals as Madrid win 3-1 win Sporting Gijon Lionel Messi joins him on same number with two goals for Barcelona in 2-1 win at Levante Real Madrid stay four points clear of champions Barca in the La Liga title race
Mashable  -- We 've heard of musicians finding collaborators via Twitter and reporters finding sources , but what about long-lost brothers finding each other ? Well , that 's what happened to Matthew Keys , online news producer for KTXL FOX40 News in Sacramento , California . "  I have a routine of checking my e-mail , Twitter and Facebook before bed each night , just in case something happened during the evening that I did n't catch , " Keys told us . Well , at nearly midnight , Keys saw a message that would lead to a pretty big piece of news that he did n't previously "  catch " -- a message from a man named Adam Smith reading : "  Hey is your mom 's name Jackie ? " Obviously , Keys was a bit freaked out . Still , after seeing Smith 's picture , which looked familiar , the young man recalled having spoken to his brother before . "  Adam and I actually met in a web forum , " he explains . "  Neither of us can remember exactly how we came to meet , but we kept in touch off and on over the past year on MSN and Skype . " Determined to solve the mystery , Keys fired up Skype and messaged Smith . "  He started telling me things from my childhood that I had heard bits and pieces of growing up -- things nobody could have possibly known , " Keys said . "  I gave him my cell phone number and told him to call me . After a few minutes talking on the phone , it became pretty clear to both of us that he and I were related . We wound up speaking on the phone for four hours , so much so to the point that I had to take the next day off from work to sleep ! " How did Smith know that Keys was his bro ? Well , a few years ago , his mother told him that his father had other children , and mentioned a few names , including Keys 's . "  At some point , Adam started asking his mom and our dad about me and something in him pushed him to ask me on Twitter details about my biological mom , " Keys says . After reconnecting , the two then went onFOX40 for an interview , and Keys was even able to give Smith a ride to the station , because -- get this -- they live 10 minutes away from each other . According to Smith , the boys have even more siblings out there , waiting to be found . Here 's hoping they all have Twitter handles . As an online news producer , Keys knows only too well the power of social media . "  After telling our story on Facebook , we were flooded with people e-mailing and posting to our wall about similar lost and found stories involving biological and adopted siblings and relatives , " he says . "  It was extremely touching . I use Twitter for much of the same reason . Twitter and Facebook are both extremely powerful tools to reach out to our television audience and to interact and respond to the praise , concerns and personal stories of those who watch our on-air product . " It 's apparently also giving the old-fashioned PI a run for his money .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Two long-lost brothers , who reconnected on Twitter , previously met in a Web forum Keys received a message from Smith reading : "  Hey is your mom 's name Jackie ? " As an online news producer , Keys knows the power of social media
CNN  -- Rather than getting the relaxing vacation they paid for , more than 3,000 passengers on Carnival Triumph have endured five days stranded in the Gulf of Mexico , smelling backed-up toilets and watching sewage slosh on deck . "  A floating petri dish " is how one passenger , a doctor , put it . As tugboats bring the ship to Mobile , Alabama , on Thursday , many on board might be considering what to do next . Could Carnival passengers sue the cruise line ? They could , CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said , but whether the claim has merit will depend on the paperwork they signed when they purchased their ticket . Negligent infliction of emotional distress would be the main justification for a suit , said Jason R. Margulies , an experienced maritime lawyer based in Miami . Tensions are high on board . There was the stress inflicted by the fire in the engine room , which began the mess , a scary experience for sure . Apart from the uncomfortable situation with bad smells , there is a risk of health problems because of poor sanitation . And passengers have reported minor fights . All of this is justification for going to court , Margulies said . But it is n't that simple . Five things we 've learned about cruising What can make suing a cruise line complicated ? Carnival has a prohibition on class-action suits in its tickets , information that would n't be obvious to passengers who did n't read the fine print when they bought tickets . U.S. courts have said that ship owners and operators can not put that language on tickets . But Carnival , though headquartered in Miami , is incorporated outside the United States , partly in Panama and Great Britain , experts say . Carnival Triumph is a Bahamian-flagged vessel , so the Bahamas Maritime Authority is the primary investigative agency . Why did the rescue take five days ? What else is detailed on the ticket ? Carnival 's ticket contract says the cruise line is not "  liable to the passenger for damages for emotional distress , mental suffering/anguish or psychological injury of any kind under any circumstances , except when such damages were caused by the negligence of Carnival and resulted from the same passenger sustaining actual physical injury , or having been at risk of actual physical injury . " While no physical injuries have been reported , if a passenger contracted a significant disease such as hepatitis from unsanitary conditions aboard on the ship , maritime trial attorney John H. Hickey believes , physical injury could be argued . "  I think that a case can be made that everyone on that ship is at risk of actual physical injury , " he said . Opinion : What cruise lines do n't want you to know What else should a passenger consider ? Would it take a long time to see a resolution after filing suit ? It would be incredibly expensive for a lone plaintiff to sue . And no matter how a suit is brought , it would probably take two years for it to wind through court , Margulies said . But it could still be done . Consider the case of Costa Concordia , the cruise liner that ran aground off Italy in January 2011 . Thirty-two people were killed . Many people from different countries sued the owners of the Concordia with varying results . In at least one example , the cruise liner reportedly offered to pay 11,000 euros to each of 235 French nationals affected . Is there another remedy ? Could passengers be compensated by their travel insurance ? Jason Clampet of travel site Skift.com said that 's unlikely . "  Insurance really does n't cover this sort of thing . Their trip was n't interrupted , and they are n't incurring extra expenses ... so they ca n't be compensated that way , " he said . Opinion : How Carnival can clean up the PR mess What does a passenger have to weigh before moving forward ? "  In the real world , a big company like Carnival is going to want to try to make these passengers as happy as possible as quickly as possible , " Toobin said . The cruise line said it would give each passenger $ 500 , a free flight home and a full refund for the trip and for most expenses on board , as well as a credit for another cruise . "  Do these people want to take what Carnival is offering and get on with their lives , " Toobin asked , "  or do they want to get into a long legal struggle that may not yield the results they want ? " My celebration trip on the Carnival Triumph : From joy to misery CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Passengers could sue Carnival , lawyers say But filing a suit is n't easy More than 3,000 passengers on Carnival Triumph have been stranded for five days
CNN  -- Your friends do n't need to know about every song you hear on the radio . That 's the position Pandora has taken toward a new Facebook feature that lets users automatically publish information to their profiles about songs they listen to , videos they watch and articles they read . Pandora , which makes the popular personalized Internet radio service , is n't just concerned about clutter in your Facebook friends ' news feeds . Some listeners could feel violated when they learn that an application is broadcasting information about their activities , Pandora executives said . "  It 's true that music is a social experience , but it 's also a very private experience , " Pandora founder Tim Westergren said in a recent phone interview . "  We have to be very cautious . " Facebook is poised to release new features at a news conference on Wednesday that will allow users to automatically publish information from other websites and apps to their Timeline profiles , according to a person familiar with the project . These will go beyond the Facebook Music app that 's already available , the person said . For example , a fitness program that tracks physical activities could send Facebook an update after a long jog . The plans were reported earlier by the website All Things Digital . A Facebook spokesman declined to comment . At a news conference in September , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said people would benefit from publishing more data and letting computer algorithms sort out what 's important . "  No activity is too big or too small to share , " Zuckerberg said . "  You do n't have to ` Like ' a movie . You just watch a movie . " Facebook will press on without the support of some major app makers , such as Apple , whose iTunes software is the No. 1 digital jukebox . An Apple spokesman did not respond to a request for comment . A spokeswoman for Flipboard , an app that creates personalized magazines from social network feeds , has said the company does n't plan to send information to Facebook about every article users read and will instead let users selectively post with a share button . She said people probably would n't want to broadcast everything . Pandora has supported many of Facebook 's platform development efforts in the past . Pandora launched Facebook sharing features when they were first rolled out and was among the first to support Facebook 's Instant Personalization program , which automatically recognizes a Pandora visitor 's Facebook account . "  We have a great relationship with Facebook , " a Pandora spokeswoman wrote in an e-mail . "  We continue to be excited about what they are doing and more generally about the social dimension of music -- for example , there are a host of great new social features on the new Pandora.com site that we launched in September . " Pandora 's feed can be tweaked or edited by each user , but only includes information when a user creates a new radio station or bookmarks or clicks the thumbs-up button on a particular song or artist . It does n't post a feed of every song that plays . Facebook lets users manage which apps can publish to their profiles using a page called the Activity Log . In an interview with reporters in September , Facebook CTO Bret Taylor said the company 's long-term goal is to have every app support the auto-publish features . Earlier partners have said that the tools have brought in hordes of newcomers to their websites . Pandora is one of many that is reluctant to sign on , but its absence from Facebook Music is noticeable . "  There is a segment for sure that wants to really promiscuously share and wants to hear about everything that their friends are listening to , " Pandora CTO Tom Conrad told a small audience at a technology conference recently . However , they make up a minority , he said . "  There is a really large percentage of the Pandora audience that actually are n't interested at all in what their friends are listening to , " Conrad said . "  They do n't want to spam their entire social network with things they 're discovering . "	Pandora does not plan to support Facebook Music and its auto-publish features Facebook will launch more "  frictionless sharing " features on Wednesday , a source says Apple 's iTunes also does not participate in Facebook Music
CNN  -- It 's been called the fourth "  R " of education : reading , writing , arithmetic and now , aerobics . But the gym class of generation Wii is n't the same one you probably remember from school . "  You hear sometimes the old stories ... where you roll the ball out and students just played the game , " says Hanna Vaandering , president of the Oregon Education Association . "  That 's not what physical education is about today . " As they struggle to keep kids active in the midst of an obesity epidemic , PE teachers are using technology and the latest fitness trends to inspire even the most nonathletic children to develop a lifelong love for exercise . "  If you do n't have health , what do you have ? " Vaandering asks . "  You 've got to make sure  students  understand how to take care of their body . " Fighting an epidemic Stop me if you 've heard these statistics before : Approximately 17 % of Americans age 2 to 19 years old are obese . Though recent studies have shown signs of progress , an estimated one out of every eight preschoolers in the United States is still obese , according to the CDC . And only 25 % of adolescents between the ages of 12 and 15 met the national fitness recommendation of 60 minutes of moderate-to-vigorous physical activity daily in 2012 . PE teachers have struggled to fight the effects of childhood obesity in class , says Vaandering ; many children 's motor skills are not where they should be and cardiovascular endurance is a big problem . And frankly , in general , "  kids are lazier , " says Rich Muller , a PE teacher at Dwight-Englewood School in Englewood , New Jersey . "  They do n't want to work . They do n't want to do anything . " Not just flag football anymore In his 28 years as an educator , Muller has seen a significant shift in the kinds of activities taught in gym classes . Just a decade ago , he says , the focus was 95 % on team sports . Now teachers are incorporating golf , rock climbing , bowling and even ping-pong into their curriculum . "  I 'm trying to find that environment where they can find that one lifelong activity , " says Matthew Pomeroy , a PE teacher at Merton Intermediate School in Merton , Wisconsin . "  All those different things that kids can kind of be engaged in and enjoy . " Is yoga too religious for schools ? While kids in Pomeroy 's district tend to be more active than the average American middle schooler , he sees another troubling trend : students who are spending 10 to 12 months of the year playing only one sport . While that 's great for physical fitness , he says , orthopedic surgeons are seeing an increase in children 's sports injuries related to such repetitive motions . Both Muller and Pomeroy offer students at their respective schools a choice every day : They can play volleyball or do yoga ; they can practice archery or work out in the weight room . Zumba . CrossFit . Geocaching . Tabata . Spinning . All these and more are offered to encourage students to move . "  The participation level has skyrocketed because they have more options , " Muller says . "  It 's fun . We have hardly any complaints like we used to . " Technology If there 's one thing Pomeroy is pumped about , it 's using technology in his class . The self-proclaimed Twitter fanatic has reached out to PE teachers all over the world to bring new ideas to his students . Pomeroy 's class uses iPads to analyze their archery or free throw techniques . With an app called Coach 's Eye , they record videos of their shot , then play it back while discussing their form . Pomeroy has also split his class into groups to create their very own workout videos -- recording these at home is easier for some students than performing live in front of their peers , he says . Many schools provide pedometers and heart rate monitors for students , Vaandering says . When she taught elementary PE , she encouraged her students to increase the number of steps they took during every class . "  You 'd see their little feet moving while we 're giving instructions because they want to get more steps , " she says with a laugh . Pomeroy has taken technology even further , using it to connect his students with others across the globe . In one instance he teamed up with a PE teacher in the United Kingdom to pull off an international dance team competition via Skype . Another time , his students gave jump rope lessons to their peers abroad . "  Sometimes for phys ed , you just need to get out of the gym , " Pomeroy says . Stress Perhaps one of the biggest differences Vaandering sees in students today is high levels of stress . An overemphasis on standardized tests and budget cuts has removed important stress outlets such as art class and PE in some schools , she says . A few districts in Oregon have even cut recess for elementary school . "  That 's so not in line with brain research and what science tells us about a child 's learning  process  , " Vaandering says . "  In reality there needs to be a balance and a respect for the whole child . " Why kids need recess Some schools are getting the message that stress reduction is an important part of a child 's overall well-being . They 're incorporating yoga and meditation , Muller says , while educating the mind , body and spirit . In health class at Dwight-Englewood , students are offered the opportunity to use apps like Calm.com , which provides a soothing screen and sounds in timed blocks to calm the mind . "  It 's amazing how much better you feel after two minutes , " Muller says . What you can do Parents play a big role in their children 's success at school , Vaandering says , whether it 's in math class or gym class . "  It really is important to do family activities , " she says . "  Enjoying each other 's company , going hiking , playing pickleball on the weekend . " Pomeroy agrees . "  You can make such a great connection with your kids through physical activity . " What does your family do to stay fit ? Share your tips and learn from other parents on Friday at 1 p.m. ET with @CNNHealth and celebrity trainer David Kirsch . Use the hashtag #FitFamilies to join in the conversation on Twitter .	Physical education teachers are using innovative ways to battle the obesity crisis Schools now offer yoga , CrossFit , rock climbing , spinning and bowling Teaching stress relief could be key to students ' success , some educators say
CNN  -- World number one Novak Djokovic beat Croat Ivan Dodig 6-4 6-3 at the Paris Masters on Wednesday , a win which earned the Serb a check for $ 1.6 million . A shoulder injury had cast doubt over Djokovic 's participation in the French tournament , with the 24-year-old having already pulled out of last month 's Shanghai Masters . The top seed would have been entitled to a $ 2m bonus for ending the year at number one in the world rankings , but that figure is subject to the player having featured in all eight of the Masters 1000 events on the ATP Tour . The bonus had already been reduced to $ 1.6 m due to Djokovic 's absence in China , and would have been wiped out altogether had he failed to play in France . But Djokovic was fit to take to the court at the indoor tournament , revealing his pleasure at being able to play in front of the Paris crowd . "  I think it 's one of the most entertaining indoor tournaments , " Djokovic told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  People are coming in numbers here to watch matches . I like playing it . " World No. 3 Andy Murray is also safely into the third round courtesy of a 6-2 6-4 defeat of home-crowd favorite Jeremy Chardy in the French capital . The victory was second seed Murray 's 16th in-a-row , a run which stretches back to his U.S. Open semifinal defeat to Rafael Nadal and has seen him move above 16-time grand slam winner Roger Federer in the world rankings . Murray converted three of his six break points to seal a fifth career win over world No. 110 Chardy and set up a last-16 clash with American Andy Roddick . Federer continued his recent revival with a 6-2 6-3 win over French wildcard Adrian Mannarino . The Swiss clinched his fifth career triumph at the Swiss Indoors in Basel earlier this month , and was in fine form as he dispatched Mannarino in 56 minutes . Fourth seed David Ferrer also earned a straight-sets success against French opposition , advancing beyond qualifier Nicolas Mahut 6-4 6-4 . The Spaniard , who is already assured of his place at the season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London later this month , faced only two break points on his way to victory in one hour and 27 minutes . Serb Janko Tipsarevic continued his bid to reach the World Tour Finals with a crushing 6-1 6-0 triumph over American Alex Bogomolov Jr. . World No. 13 Tipsarevic , who must reach the final to stand any chance of competing at the O2 Arena , now faces Tomas Berdych , the Czech who can seal his World Tour Finals berth with victory in the third round clash .	Novak Djokovic will collect a $ 1.6 m bonus check for finishing 2011 as world No. 1 Djokovic defeated Croat Ivan Dodig to reach second round of the Paris Masters Second seed Andy Murray through after win over Jeremy Chardy 16-time grand slam winner Roger Federer also victorious on Wednesday
CNN  -- The Obama administration is asking a special federal court to allow its secret storage of telephone records to be extended beyond the current five-year limit . In a legal brief filed with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court that was revealed Wednesday , the Justice Department said several civil lawsuits over the government 's so-called metadata collection program require it to preserve those records . "  When litigation is pending against a party  or reasonably anticipated  , that party has a duty to preserve -- that is to identify , locate and maintain -- relevant information that may be evidence in the case , " said federal officials , noting that evidence would likely be used at a trial , which may not be held for months , even years . Current surveillance court orders require the National Security Agency or telecommunication companies that gathered the phone records to destroy the material within five years . The court is likely to grant the request , but may seek assurances the agency would not access the material for intelligence-gathering purposes , absent a warrant . NSA leaker Edward Snowden last June revealed a secret surveillance court order approving government collection of mass amounts of metadata from telecom giant Verizon and leading Internet companies , including Microsoft , Apple , Google , Yahoo and Facebook . It includes phone numbers called and their location . The exact percentage of metadata being collected has not been revealed publicly . Monitoring of actual conversations requires a separate warrant . President Barack Obama last month cited privacy concerns when announcing that such data should no longer be held by the government , but instead be turned over to the domestic telecoms or a private third party . NSA would still have access to the calls to track potential terror connections . He ordered the intelligence community to formulate such a plan by March 28 . The mission of the FISA court , named after the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act that created it , is to decide whether to grant certain types of government requests -- wiretapping , data analysis , and other monitoring for "  foreign intelligence purposes " of suspected terrorists and spies operating in the United States . The once-secret approval of collecting bits and pieces of information from electronic communications comes quarterly from judges at the court . To collect the information , the government has to demonstrate to a judge that it is "  relevant " to an international terrorism investigation . There were 1,856 applications in 2012 to the FISA Court for electronic surveillance and physical searches for "  foreign intelligence purposes , " the Justice Department said . The current case is In re : Application of the FBI for an Order Requiring the Production of Tangible Things  BR 14-01  .	The Obama administration is asking a secret court to extend five-year limit The Justice Department says litigation requires that records be preserved longer Edward Snowden leaks publicized sweeping U.S. surveillance of phone data
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A magistrate in Zimbabwe ruled Friday that Tendai Biti , the secretary-general of the opposition party , must face trial on charges that include treason . Tendai Biti , a leading opposition figure , is facing treason charges after returning to Zimbabwe . Magistrate Mishrod Guvamombe said the state had enough evidence to disclose an offense against Biti , a high-ranking member of the Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  . "  After a careful perusal of the submissions by both the state and defense , there is a reasonable suspicion that the accused -LSB- Biti -RSB- committed the offense , " Guvamombe said to a full courtroom . As the magistrate read the ruling , Biti -- still wearing the red jacket he wore a day earlier -- remained motionless and only shook his head before prison guards whisked him away . Biti 's defense team has requested he be granted bail while he awaits trial . Acting Attorney General Bharat Patel was expected to decide on the request later Friday . Biti faces four charges including treason , which carries the death penalty . The treason charge , which the MDC said was "  trumped-up , " stems from a document titled "  The Transitional Strategy " that Biti is said to have written ahead of the March 29 election between President Robert Mugabe and MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai . Biti denies he wrote the document and his lawyers have described it as "  doctored . " From the same document stem two other charges of causing dissatisfaction among the army and bringing the office of the president into disrepute . The fourth charge Biti faces is communicating falsehoods prejudicial to the state by allegedly announcing that Tsvangirai had won the March presidential election by an outright majority . Results announced by the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission five weeks later indicated that while Tsvangirai had beaten Mugabe , he had failed to garner a majority . Watch Mugabe say he 'll fight to keep is party in power " That outcome set up a runoff election , now scheduled for June 27 . Biti denies all the charges , which the MDC calls "  maliciously politically motivated . " The party called for Biti 's immediate release . "  The regime wants to frustrate both the internal cohesion of the MDC and its election campaign , " the party said in a statement Friday . "  The regime knows fully well that its time is up and is trying to postpone the inevitable -- its departure . "  Come the 27th of June we will finish this regime of thugs and warlords and usher -LSB- in -RSB- a new era of jobs , health care , education and general prosperity . " African and international leaders have criticized Biti 's arrest and the treason charge , characterizing it as a ploy by supporters of Mugabe to intimidate the opposition party before the runoff . The MDC has claimed that Mugabe supporters have beat , kidnapped , arrested and killed supporters of their party . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice accused Mugabe on Thursday of sponsoring efforts to starve , beat and kill supporters of his opponent so he can win next week . Learn more about Zimbabwe " "  Mugabe is increasing violence against -LSB- the -RSB- opposition , " Rice said at the UN . "  President Mugabe has squandered the promise of the very nation that was hailed as the jewel of Africa . " The MDC has accused supporters of Mugabe and his Zanu-PF party of beatings , torture , and killings , saying more than 70 MDC party members have been killed since the beginning of the three-month-long election process . Mugabe 's party denied any part in the deaths , saying MDC officials hurl such accusations frequently .	Magistrate rules Tendai Biti must face trial on charges that include treason Biti 's defense team requests he be granted bail while waiting for trial U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice condemns violence in Zimbabwe
CNN  -- In American professional sports , you can name a team almost anything . You can give the team a ferocious name  Tigers , Lions , Bears , Grizzlies , Bengals  . You can go for a swashbuckling image  Pirates , Buccaneers , Trail Blazers  . Colors are all right for a team name  Reds , Browns , Blues  . Birds  Orioles , Falcons , Eagles  . You can sound regal  Royals , Titans , Kings  . Aeronautic themes work  Jets , Flyers , Rockets  . Fish  Marlins  . Religious imagery  Saints , Padres  . Even insects  Hornets  . There are some names -- and mascots and logos associated with them -- that have become controversial , but that are still used : Redskins , Indians , Braves . But I have been talking with sports experts and sports-marketing specialists , and they are in agreement that there is one name -- a name that used to belong to a famed big-league baseball team -- that would be met with such antipathy by America 's fans that no team today would even think of using it . I refer , of course , to the Senators . "  Not a chance , " said Rob Fleder , former executive editor of Sports Illustrated and editor of sports books including "  Sports Illustrated 's The Baseball Book " and the baseball anthology "  Damn Yankees . " The Washington Senators were a charter member of the American League , and were around , in one form or another , from 1901 until 1972 . For a lot of that time they were a terrible baseball team -- they were derided with a popular saying : "  First in war , first in peace , last in the American League . " But although the team was lousy , no one minded the name . "  People associated ` Senators ' with something revered , something held in high regard , " Fleder said . "  The team was n't distinguished , but the name was . " Now ? With polls showing that the approval rating for Congress is minuscule  around 15 % in many polls , 12 % in a recent New York Time/CBS News poll  , "  no marketing person in his right mind would name a team the Senators , " Fleder said . Indeed , when , after 33 years without a big-league baseball team , Washington was awarded one for the 2005 season , the owners , probably wisely , went with Nationals , not Senators , for a name . "  You need a name that has a chance to be loveable , " Fleder said . "  That leaves ` Senators ' out . " That 's an awfully melancholy commentary on the current state of our public attitudes . Yet purely as a business decision , calling any new big-league sports team the Senators would be seen as ill-advised . Ferguson Jenkins , the Hall of Fame pitcher who broke into the major leagues in 1965 , when baseball 's Senators were still playing in Washington , said last week : "  I do n't think that any team today would choose to call itself the Senators because of all of the controversy in Washington . I believe that people would think that the name was too political . " Indeed , today 's poisonous political environment is the main reason that what was once a perfectly good sports-team name would be a nonstarter now . Sports historian David Krell , author of the forthcoming "  Blue Magic : The Brooklyn Dodgers , Ebbets Field , and the Battle for Baseball 's Soul , " said : "  The term ` Senator ' once sounded much more austere . The country felt differently about Washington . My father said that when men and women would go to the movies , and the newsreel came on and Franklin Roosevelt would appear , the people in the theater would cheer . " Krell recalls hearing an older American proudly "  tell a story about how , as a boy , he memorized the names of all the senators . They were giants . "  But I just do n't think you could use that name for a team now . It would be a punch line . Something that Jay Leno would make jokes about every night . " In Canada , a country that may have a more tolerant attitude toward the machinations of government , the professional hockey team in Ottawa was named the Senators early in the 20th century , and , as a member of the National Hockey League , still is . And in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , the minor-league baseball team was christened the Senators in 1894 , and continues with the tradition of the name . But in the multi-billion-dollar , high-stakes world of U.S. major-league sports -- and even at major U.S. colleges -- it would doubtless be seen as foolhardy to take a chance on using that name . "  Now that the approval ratings for Congress are within the margin of error for ax murderers , it is inconceivable , " said Ron Rapoport , who traveled the country for decades covering all the major sports for newspapers in Los Angeles and Chicago , and who is the editor of a forthcoming anthology of the greatest sports columns in the history of Chicago newspapers . "  Some of us remember the Washington Senators , " he said , "  but if someone proposed calling a team the Senators today , young people would scratch their heads and think : ` What a strange choice . ' " The current turmoil in Washington likely has n't helped matters . Michael Talis , president of Talis Sports Marketing , a company that arranges baseball fantasy camps featuring former big-leaguers and organizes appearances by retired players , said he would worry about the emotional well-being of athletes compelled to wear the uniforms of such a team . "  Players having to take the field with the word ` Senators ' stitched in big letters across the front ? " he said . "  Can you imagine the kinds of things the fans would be yelling at them ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	In the U.S. , you can name a team almost anything , says Bob Greene The one certainty is that no one will call a major league team "  the Senators , " he says Greene says Washington Senators , once in the American League , came from simpler time Today 's politicians are so disliked that no one would cheer for them , he says
Abbottabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The United States will be given access to Osama bin Laden 's wives and children , Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik told CNN on Tuesday . On Monday , a senior Pakistani intelligence source had said the United States could question bin Laden 's wives only if their "  country of origin has been asked for permission . " One of bin Laden 's wives is from Yemen . A well-placed U.S. official who would not speak on the record said the other two wives are from Saudi Arabia . Malik , in an interview Tuesday with CNN , said Pakistan is giving the United States access "  so they can interrogate them , they can interview them . " Malik did not say when or where the United States would have such access . Pentagon spokesman Col. Dave Lapan said Tuesday U.S. and Pakistani officials were discussing the matter . White House spokesman Jay Carney said the administration is optimistic that U.S.-Pakistani cooperation "  will continue with regards to " access to bin Laden 's wives "  and also to the materials that were collected by the Pakistanis after the U.S. commandos left " the compound where they killed bin Laden . Carney described the U.S.-Pakistani relationship as "  important and complicated . " Malik , in his interview with CNN , said allowing the wives to be interviewed should make clear to the United States that Pakistan has nothing to hide -- and put to rest any suspicions that the world 's most-wanted terrorist might have had a support network inside the Pakistani government , military or intelligence services . If Pakistan had "  skeletons " to hide , "  do you think we would allow access to the wives and the children of Osama ? " he asked . Malik called the decision "  proof " that Pakistan is "  very clear that we did n't know " bin Laden was living in a compound in Abbottabad , a Pakistani city with a major military presence , rather than in mountainous areas which Pakistani and U.S. officials often said were believed to be bin Laden 's hiding place . U.S. President Barack Obama told CBS ' "  60 Minutes , " "  We think that there had to be some sort of support network for bin Laden inside of Pakistan . But we do n't know who or what that support network was . " Malik said there is "  not an iota of doubt " in his mind that bin Laden had "  no support network from official sources . " Acknowledging an intelligence failure , he said the investigation that Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has ordered will explore what went wrong , and the answers "  will be made public . " One U.S. official said "  both sides understand the importance of the relationship , " but expressed concerns over Pakistan 's control over all of its political participants . "  The boat is moving , but there is some chop in the water . " The official said that CIA Director Leon Panetta and Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence Chief Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha "  have always had productive exchanges , even though there have been disagreements . " Pasha 's position atop the ISI is considered valuable to the U.S. , the official said , because of his close connection to chief of army staff , Gen. Ashfaq Pervez Kayani . Meanwhile , Pakistani officials have said bin Laden 's family members will be repatriated to their home countries after their initial interrogations . All three wives and eight of his children were taken into Pakistani custody after the May 2 raid by U.S. commandos that killed bin Laden , the leader of the al Qaeda terrorist movement . The 29-year-old Yemeni wife , Amal Ahmed Abdulfattah , was wounded during the raid . The U.S. official identified the other two women as Khairiah Sabar , also known as "  Umm Hamza , " and Siham Sabar , or "  Umm Khalid . " Although U.S. officials have warned of possible reprisal attacks by bin Laden supporters , there has been no surge of attacks inside Afghanistan , the commander of NATO forces in eastern Afghanistan said Tuesday . "  There has been a lot of talk about revenge , about  insurgents  coming at both the coalition and the Afghan forces here , but we have not seen that here since the first of May , " said Regional Command East Commander Maj. Gen. John Campbell . U.S. and coalition forces were already on guard against an expected Taliban spring offensive even before bin Laden 's death , Campbell added . Campbell said he hoped that bin Laden 's death , and the images of him inside the compound that the United States released , may discourage insurgents . But he also cautioned that bin Laden will certainly be replaced with a new al Qaeda leader . "  I do n't think that one person makes the war on terror here , " Campbell said . But he added that he expects insurgents to face some difficulties raising money without bin Laden 's "  charisma " as part of the effort . The commander also noted al Qaeda is just one of the insurgent groups that NATO and U.S. forces are fighting in Afghanistan . CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report	Decision proves Pakistan has nothing to hide , Pakistani foreign minister says U.S. optimistic about Pakistani cooperation , White House spokesman says All 3 wives were taken into custody after the May 2 raid by U.S. special forces No surge in attacks in Afghanistan , NATO commander in eastern Afghanistan says
CNN  -- I blame Kris Kardashian . Think about it . Does n't the most recent episode of "  Keeping Up with the Debt Limit " feel more as though it were an E! production than one by C-SPAN ? Has n't it been as predictable , brief and of itself , as inconsequential as a Kardashian marriage , as odious as Kanye and as certain to lead to unhappiness as Lamar 's reputed drug problem ? Does n't the pinheaded disconnect from reality seem familiar ? The problem is that it is easier to deal with the Kardashians than their counterparts in the Capitol . We can just change the channel . The reality is , we all depend on the U.S. government in enough ways that letting it turn into a repetitive , meaningless form of basic cable melodrama would be a formula for national catastrophe . We should therefore try to draw lessons from this round of Beltway follies : what we must fix if our country is not to go the way of Kris and Bruce 's marriage . Here are five critical problems we must address . 1 . The political system is broken Gerrymandering has caused House districts to be essentially "  owned " by one party or the other . That makes general elections irrelevant . So it is primary voters who determine who runs , and they tend to be the more energized , activist voters of the left and right wings . The result ? Extremes are rewarded and virtually ensured of re-election . Add to that campaign finance rules that give disproportionate power to big money , and incumbents and Senate rules that give the minority and individual senators too much power , and you have system in which gridlock is virtually institutionalized . We need campaign finance reform , an end to gerrymandering and rules reform in both houses of Congress , and we need to make these initiatives a top political priority of America 's centrist majority . 2 . Our national conversation has gotten off-track Promote extremist politicians and reward them for their extremism , and you get tension , incivility and a reluctance to embrace the compromise that is essential to democracy . Bring in the language of religion and culture wars , and the debate becomes about what divides us rather than what we need to bring us together , about our problems and not about their practical solutions . Wedge issues then play a greater role in campaigns than new ideas . Opponents become enemies rather than neighbors with alternative views . We need to defuse the language , edit the loaded terminology , reinvest in the separation of church and state and call out dangerously divisive ideas , racism , sexism and sheer stupidity , like denying science , history or basic arithmetic . 3 . Governance has become a lost art The least-valued skill set in Washington is the ability to actually get things done . We mistakenly believe that articulating a problem is the same thing as solving it . We reward those who give good speeches and not those who have a proven track record of fixing things . Politicians are too often elected because they advance an ideology , and when they serve , they inevitably focus on what they need to do to be re-elected . But their jobs were created to serve the public , to govern and to lead , even if that means making their positions of power more precarious . We need to start voting for people who have proved their skill at bridging partisan divides and focusing on the needs of the electorate . 4 . We are ignoring the really big problems We are trapped in a cycle of punting problems ahead a few months and chipping away at the margins of issues . When this shutdown/debt-limit crisis is finally resolved , we will have a few months until it recurs . If a deal is struck before another crisis happens , it will be incremental . Yet America has much bigger issues : a too-slow recovery from a great economic setback , an inability to create good jobs at the rate of past recoveries and , perhaps above all , a failure to address the growing inequality that is dividing our society . It is not just an economic quirk that 90 % of the benefits of the current recovery are accruing to the top 10 % of our society ; it is a formula for social breakdown and national decline . It is also profoundly unjust . We need to start demanding that leaders address these bigger issues . 5 . The American people have failed their government ... and each other You ca n't blame the politicians . You elected them . You turned away from the system . You did n't run for office . You did n't write your views down and pass them along to people in power . You did n't fund campaigns that supported people committed to big solutions . You have become ill-informed , caught up in the name-calling and the partisanship and the climate that created the Washington we have today . You 've got the government you deserve . Remember , according to the Constitution , the top job in the U.S. government goes to the voter . If these clowns in Washington ca n't get it right and you do n't fire them , you deserve what you get . This is not reality television , even though it feels as pointless . This is just reality . And reality , in this democracy , is what the voters make of it . You ca n't blame Obama or Boehner . Scarily enough , the TV screen , whether it shows the Kardashians or C-SPAN or cable news , is just a mirror , a reflection of what America wants and is . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf .	David Rothkopf : "  Keeping up with the debt limit " seems like a seamy reality show He says our political system is broken , national conversation is off-track Washington ignores really big problems , focuses on everything but governing , he says Rothkopf : Ultimately , we 're to blame for not going to ballot box and forcing change
Nightly gunshots wake Veronica Morris . When the community organizer walks down her block in Chicago 's Englewood neighborhood , she is reminded of the officer who was shot there . Violence even surrounded her high school . Shots constantly rang out around the streets by the school building . Her junior year , a police car crashed right in front of her class . "  The violence is something we deal with daily and it 's a real struggle , " Morris said . "  You get scared and youth here are angry when their friends are shot . The violence really does something to a person . " "  It 's sometimes bigger than the crime itself , " Morris said . "  It affects you more , maybe even more than the person injured , because it lingers . " Studies show her experience is shared by thousands of Americans who live in tough urban areas . A growing number of programs treat post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  in war veterans . But far fewer treat Americans who suffer from the PTSD that comes with their ZIP code . And this kind of PTSD may be affecting even more people . PTSD can directly hurt a person 's brain by messing with the amygdala -- the part of the brain that triggers a chemical to release to help you decide between "  fight or flight " in a threatening situation . If someone is exposed to prolonged , repetitive , or extreme trauma , the amygdala stays in alert mode . And the neurons , the pathways to this part of the brain , lose their ability to recover . A person 's memory becomes corrupted like a bad computer hard drive and it can hurt a person 's ability to separate out new experiences and determine whether they are safe or dangerous . The longer a person stays in the hyper-vigilant mode , the greater the chance of permanent damage . In a child , damage can be magnified and lead to problems like dissociative identity disorder . Chicago anti-violence program did n't do much , audit finds A recent study that ran in the American Journal of Orthopsychiatry found that you do n't even need a direct experience of a violent crime to be hurt by it . When there is a perception that there is disorder in a particular neighborhood , it causes some residents to suffer from PTSD . While the overall rate of violent crime has gone down in the United States -- so much that some sociologists call this the era of the "  Great Crime Decline " -- there are still pockets where violent crime is so concentrated that neighbors ca n't escape it . After interviewing some 8,000 people in Atlanta , Emory University professor of psychiatry Dr. Kerry Ressler and his colleagues say that they are seeing evidence of higher rates of PTSD in this urban population than in war veterans . "  It 's outrageous . This is -- well , it is not an epidemic of violence , that is not the right term for this . This is a pandemic , " Ressler said . An epidemic is concentrated in a particular region . A pandemic is spread over a wider geographic area and impacts a much larger population . "  We are seeing the same  high instances of PTSD  in cities like D.C. and Chicago and L.A. " In surveying patients picked at random from Atlanta 's Grady Memorial Hospital -- one of the busiest Level 1 trauma centers in the United States -- Ressler and his team found that at least half knew someone who had been murdered . Some two-thirds said they had been victims of a violent assault . A third had been sexually assaulted . This wide range of trauma experience meant that 32 % of this population suffered PTSD symptoms . In continuing these surveys , the team wants a better scientific understanding about the lasting consequences of living in violent neighborhoods , Ressler said . "  We find you do n't only lose a generation to this violence , " in terms of the people who are directly hurt , he said . Instead , "  you are losing multiple generations  to the violence  in these war-torn inner cities . " "  With pandemic levels of disorder there are serious consequences , " Ressler says . The violence "  makes it harder for kids to go through school or to play by the rules . It makes it harder for a parent to get a job or avoid addiction to drugs . " Community leaders often talk about education being key to lifting people from poverty , but Ressler believes that wo n't be enough . "  It is important to have programs like Head Start to help begin to break the cycle of poverty with education , but if we are not doing something for people 's mental health , we may not be able to change this cycle , " Ressler said . The chances that young men who experience trauma in their neighborhood will end up in jail are astronomically high , studies show . Studies have also shown a high correlation between neighborhood disorder and physical abuse . There are further cognitive consequences as well . A study by Andrew Papachristos , a Yale sociology professor , found that some neighborhoods in Chicago have seen high violent crime rates for decades . Frequent violence has dramatically limited academic achievement in these neighborhoods . Exposure to violence is associated with cognitive and emotional stress that can lead to reductions in working memory . Another study looking at local violence in Chicago found that children who lived within 1,500 feet of a homicide had lower verbal and impulse control scores a week after the incident happened . Tests of older students showed similar results . She survived a standoff with a gunman -- could you ? This concept that "  deteriorated " neighborhoods have an impact on one 's mental health is not new . At least 70 years ago , Chicago school researchers Robert E.L. Faris and H. Warren Dunham went through 30,000 psychiatric hospital admission records . They found high rates of substance abuse and even schizophrenia in these neighborhoods . Later studies found that high rates of depression were also common . One compounding problem is that there is an overall element of mistrust in rougher neighborhoods , studies show . People feel powerless to change their overall circumstances ; therefore , PTSD -- which carries symptoms of hyper-vigilance , social separation and avoidance -- may amplify that mistrust . In an absence of a national public policy to address this serious problem , there are a handful of nonprofits that have overcome some of that neighborhood mistrust . Cure Violence , one of those nonprofits , takes a public health approach to violence prevention . Epidemiologist Dr. Gary Slutkin started the program after returning from Africa , where he had been fighting tuberculosis and AIDS epidemics . When he returned to Chicago , he saw similar patterns in outbreaks of violence and thought an epidemiological approach may stop it . Cure Violence concentrates its efforts on those who are at highest risk to cause violence . Workers living in the tougher Chicago neighborhoods listen for trouble . When they hear rumblings about a fight brewing , they intervene , talk to involved parties and try to mediate the problem before it escalates into violence . They also work with at-risk individuals to develop a plan to reject violence , whether that be through anger management , job training or substance abuse programs . "  If we can stop the violence and stop people 's exposure to the violence early , we reduce its impact from spreading through the community , " said Charlie Ransford , Cure Violence spokesman . Morris , meanwhile , is turning her experience growing up in a tough neighborhood into motivation to organize it . She 's led highly visible protests to raise awareness of the consequences of violence . "  I always believe in hope , and I feel as an organizer that we 've got to reinvest in these communities so that more of us wo n't have to continue to live this way , " Morris said . Mother loses both sons in 19 days to gun violence Ressler hopes there will be some kind of public policy initiative to address the consequences of violence before it is too late . "  By having a lifetime of trauma baggage and coming from multiple generations with trauma baggage , this is hard to overcome without help , " Ressler said . There will be trouble , he said , "  if we do n't start paying attention soon . " More from the series : How you make moral judgments This is your brain on knitting	An Atlanta survey found half of respondents knew someone who had been murdered A number of programs treat veterans ' PTSD , but few help urban PTSD Urban violence reduces cognitive ability in those living near it , studies show
CNN  -- Sixth seed Juan Martin Del Potro , in his first Grand Slam final , stunned defending champion and top seed Roger Federer to take the men 's singles title at the U.S. Open in New York . Juan Martin Del Potro celebrates after beating Roger Federer during the final on Monday . The 20-year-old Argentinean took the Swiss world No. 1 to five sets , including two tiebreakers that went Del Potro 's way , winning 3-6 7-6  7-5  4-6 7-6  7-4  6-2 . Del Potro 's win , which took four hours and six minutes , ended Federer 's five-year reign at the U.S. Open . Federer , 28 , was seeking his sixth consecutive U.S. Open win , which would have equaled the feat achieved in 1925 by American Bill Tilden , who then went on to claim his seventh U.S. Open title in 1929 . Federer had already won this year 's French Open and Wimbledon titles and was Australian Open runner-up . Federer claimed the opening set after leading 3-0 at the beginning , and he achieved an early break in the opening game of the second set as well . However , Del Potro broke back when Federer was serving for the second set at 5-4 up , with the set eventually going to a tie-break . Federer had never lost a tiebreak in a U.S. Open final , winning his four previous ones , but Del Potro ended that sequence by taking the tie-break 7-5 to tie the scores . The third set included a failed challenge by Del Potro , an angry response by Federer to the chair umpire , and a couple double-faults by the Argentine to give the Swiss the set . Del Potro returned to form in the fourth set that saw Federer near victory but not attain it as his young opponent again won the tiebreak . Del Potro sped to a 5-2 lead in the fifth set on his serve , and the next game went to deuce before Federer double-faulted and then overshot a backhand to concede the title . Del Potro won more points than Federer , who had 11 double-faults as well as 13 aces . Del Potro , a quarterfinalist last year , had reached the finals after beating 16th seed Marin Cilic of Croatia in the quarterfinals and then crushing third seed Rafael Nadal of Spain in the semifinals . After defeating Nadal , Del Potro had then called the victory "  the best moment of my life . "	Argentinean takes champion to five sets , winning 3-6 7-6  7-5  4-6 7-6  7-4  6-2 Federer was aiming to equal Bill Tilden 's record of six successive U.S. Open wins Federer had so far this year won the French Open and Wimbledon titles Del Potro , 20 , won his first Grand Slam title after reaching final for first time
Cape Cod , Massachusetts  CNN  -- When coming face to face with the monstrous jaws of a great white shark , you 'd probably want to be armed with more than a wet towel . It seems almost insane to think placing a dark cloth over the formidable killer 's eyes will help calm it down for long enough to attach electronic tags , take blood samples , and even conduct an ultrasound . But in the space of just 15 minutes , a towel is one of the tools used to placate the fearsome creature while a team of researchers carry out important investigations into its mysterious living habits . This is Ocearch in action -- a group of gutsy scientists and sailors traveling the high seas on their 38-meter floating laboratory , as part of a mission to tag and monitor an ancient animal we know surprisingly little about . Watch more : Ocearch scientists tag great white "  We do n't know much about the great white shark 's natural history , its ecology from day to day , how it lives and interacts with its environment , " said Greg Skomal , chief fisheries scientist on board Ocearch . "  But when you come onto this vessel and you have a live animal in front of you that you can study , it just opens new doors -- you can get a more robust assessment in a very short period of time . " ` You 're gon na need a bigger boat ' Just a few kilometers from where Steven Spielberg filmed his 1975 Hollywood blockbuster , "  Jaws , " the Ocearch team is also on the lookout for sharks . Cruising along the Cape Cod coastline in Massachusetts , they lure the predators with mashed-up herrings , tuna , and a dummy in the shape of a seal . Previously used to catch crabs , the converted Ocearch vessel features a hydraulic lift -- much like a giant cradle -- to lift the great whites out of the sea . It 's up to captain Brett McBride to jump in the water and guide the sharks onto the platform , making sure to leave a good 10 meters between himself and the carnivores , which can grow up to six meters long . "  As soon as we bring them on the platform the first thing I do is cover their eyes with a dark , wet towel and that usually calms them right down , " said McBride . "  Then I will take two hoses with a lot of volume of water and make sure that it 's nice , clean seawater with bubbles in it that will cascade down each side of the gills . " Pit stop science The scientists then have 15 minutes to bolt a satellite tracking tag to the fin , insert another acoustic tag in the abdomen , attach a third tag monitoring scale movements and tail beats , take blood and tissue samples , and even conduct an ultrasound . The whole operation has the appearance of an F1 racing car pit stop , with researchers crouched on either side and hurriedly attaching $ 10,000-worth of high-tech equipment , expected to last around five years . Since launching in 2007 , the team has tagged over 60 great whites , helping to build a global map of shark migration . Scientists first started tagging the mysterious creature in the 1960s , often using a harpoon to attach a GPS device . Around 500 great whites have since been tagged around the world , revealing fascinating glimpses into their movements through the world 's oceans . One of the greatest distances ever recorded was that of a great white traveling from South Africa to Australia in 99 days -- a distance of 11,100 kilometers . "  What we have found is that male  great white  sharks are all living along the beach all the time -- they have very little off-shore life , " said Ocearch expedition leader Chris Fischer , whose team has researched great white movements off southern Africa . "  But the females go way out over Madagascar , and even out into the middle of the Indian Ocean , and they hang around out there for months and months . What are they doing out there ? Are they gestating their babies ? Are they feeding ? " Time to act It 's exactly these questions that push the team to quite literally dive in the deep end with the terrifying -- and captivating -- animals . "  Shark populations worldwide are under threat -- sharks are being slaughtered at an unsustainable rate , many for a bowl of soup , " said Fischer . "  This unsustainable harvest rate is driven by the demand for shark fins , meat and other products , and puts not only sharks at risk , but also the entire balance of the ocean . " Ocearch gives a name to each shark it tags -- from Katherine , to Curly , and Junior -- in an effort to build people 's relationships with them and reflect their unique personalities . "  Katherine will travel 1,000 miles  1,609 kilometers  a month -- she will visit Bermuda , she will travel down the southeast coast , she will go to places we do n't understand , " said Fischer of one of the sharks . "  This project is about solving the annual movements of the great white shark around the north Atlantic -- it 's a 450-million-year mystery and today everyone gets to watch it unfold in real time . "	Meet Ocearch , a gutsy team of scientists and sailors examining sharks close-up Researchers haul great whites on board ship as part of investigation into living habits Attach $ 10,000 worth of equipment to feared creatures , expected to last five years
CNN  ISIS on Wednesday released more than 200 Yazidis , a minority group whose members were killed , captured and displaced when the Islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern Iraq last summer , officials said . Most of those released were women and children ; the rest were ill or elderly , said Rassol Omar , a commander in the Peshmerga force that defends northern Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdish region . Omar did n't say what led to the release , other than asserting that Arab tribal leaders helped to coordinate it . The freed Yazidis were received by Peshmerga , who sent them to the Kurdish regional capital , Irbil , said Nuri Osman , an official with Iraq 's Kurdistan Regional Government . It was n't immediately clear what motivated Wednesday 's release , Osman said . Osman said 217 Yazidis were released . Omar , the Peshmerga commander , had a higher count : 228 . ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis -- largely children and the elderly -- since attacking the group 's towns last year . The Sunni Islamist militant group steamrolled into Iraq 's north last summer , forcing hundreds of thousands of minorities -- Yazidis among them -- from their homes . Yazidis are of Kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism . One of the oldest religious communities in the world , the Yazidis have long suffered persecution , with many Muslims referring to them as devil worshipers . ISIS ' cruelty to them has been extraordinary . ISIS ' conquest of the town of Sinjar , in particular , provoked a major humanitarian crisis as some Yazidis fled into the mountains -- where many became trapped for a time without food and water -- and others fled by foot into neighboring Syria . ISIS slaughtered Yazidis by the hundreds , Yian Dakhil , the only lawmaker representing the Yazidis in Iraq 's Parliament , told CNN last year . Reports emerged from some Yazidi survivors that ISIS raped and enslaved female Yazidi captives . An international coalition responded , first by airdropping supplies in the mountains . Rescues came next . And then , starting in August , the United States and other nations conducted airstrikes targeting ISIS in Iraq and Syria . The U.S. State Department estimates that 500,000 Yazidis live in northern Iraq , accounting for less than 1 % of the country 's population . CNN 's Raja Razek reported from Beirut . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkshali , Faith Karimi and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report .	Most of those released were women and children Freed Yazidis sent to capital of Iraq 's Kurdish region
CNN  -- Each day more than 55 million students attend the country 's 130,000 schools . Each day , parents and guardians entrust some 7 million teachers with the education of our children . And on a normal day , that is all we expect teachers to do -- teach . But on those not-so normal days we are reminded that for six hours a day and more , five days a week , teaching is not the only thing teachers are charged with doing . On those not-so-normal days , we are reminded that teachers are also asked to be surrogate parents , protectors , heroes . Monday was one of those not-so-normal days . The nation watched in horror as a 2-mile-wide tornado with winds up to 200 mph tore through Moore , Oklahoma . As sirens blared and the ground shook , the full force of the twister hit Plaza Towers Elementary School around 3 p.m. . It was full of students , young scared children who had nowhere to hide as the tornado ripped off the roof , sending debris everywhere . Heroes or just doing their jobs ? Teacher save lives during tornado "  We had to pull a car out of the front hall off a teacher and I do n't know what her name is , but she had three little kids underneath her , " a rescuer said . "  Good job teach . " And that teacher was not the only one whose body shielded children from harm . A couple of years ago , as state and local officials were looking for ways to cut spending , a study from the American Enterprise Institute emerged in 2011 , asking a provocative question : Are teachers overpaid ? Using abbreviated metrics -- such as comparing private sector employees ' SAT and GRE scores with those of teachers -- the study 's co-author Jason Richwine said the findings suggested that "  years of education could be an overestimate of cognitive skills . " A counterintuitive and insulting proposition . But in retrospect that should n't be too surprising considering Richwine 's doctoral dissertation advocated keeping out immigrants with low IQs , which he maintained are lower than those of the "  native white population . " He also co-authored an attack on immigration reform for the Heritage Foundation . And he resigned as the group 's senior policy analyst shortly afterward . Nevertheless , as educators in Chicago voted to strike and benefits such as tenure came under scrutiny , the question that study proposed sparked a national conversation and helped turn 2012 into a year in which teacher-bashing became a popular past time . But when I think of the importance of teaching in this country , when I think about the heroism demonstrated in Oklahoma , I find it impossible to overpay teachers . We can certainly talk about the realities of the economy , debate the best method to evaluate effectiveness and discuss the drawbacks of unions . But anyone who characterizes teachers as overpaid is forgetting what we entrust them with each and every day . Our children . Inside a tornado-ravaged school On a normal day , you do n't think about that too much . But on a not-so-normal day , that is all you can think about . Anne Marie Murphy , a mother of four , died trying to protect 6-year-old Dylan Hockley as Adam Lanza terrorized the halls of Sandy Hook Elementary School in December . When police found the two victims , Murphy was still holding Hockley in her arms . And five other educators did not run away from the threat but gave their lives trying to protect students , trying to protect children . How do you overpay for that ? Obviously no parent or guardian drops their children off at school thinking tragedy is going to happen . But perhaps we should be grateful that if something terrible does happen , that there are these angels in the building who will do right by our kids . Who will give anything -- sometimes even their lives -- to protect them in our absence . One of the Plaza Towers teachers reportedly was lying on top of six students in a school bathroom to shelter them from the horrific storm . I 'm sure that is not in the job description . So yes , it is fiscally responsible for a community to talk about loss of tax revenue and budget deficits . But we ought to be careful not to vilify this profession while doing so . Teachers are not glorified babysitters with summers off . Their profession fuels all others , and on a normal day that is amazing enough in and of itself . But on a day that 's not so normal , we hope and pray that they are willing to do much more . And time and time again , in the face of terrible tragedies , we have learned that many of them do . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Oklahoma tornado another case where teachers tried to shield kids from harm LZ : A report saying teachers are overpaid , union problems led to a lot of teacher bashing LZ : How could you overpay a teacher who risks or loses her life to shield kids ? We should not vilify teachers , he says . Even on a normal day , what they do is amazing enough
CNN  -- When Mark Hansen and Jedd Rose decided to start selling their own line of hiking backpacks , Denver seemed the obvious choice for hub of operations . The Mile High City had an existing cut and sew industry with a history of making bags and outdoor gear . Plus , Topo Designs ' retro-inspired , functional backpacks are inspired by the active lifestyle for which Denver and the rest of Colorado has earned a national reputation . "  Colorado -- especially Denver -- is a lifestyle choice , a destination for someone who wants to be outdoors and still have the comforts and perks of a city , " said Rose , who grew up in Wyoming and now lives in Fort Collins , about an hour from Topo 's Denver headquarters . Since 2008 , Topo Designs has grown steadily , thanks to interest from across the United States and foreign markets like Japan and Germany . Last November , it opened its flagship store in Denver in a development made of reclaimed shipping containers . Topo has also expanded into menswear that bears a similar aesthetic to its bags : simple and functional button-up shirts , jackets and pants that could be worn to work , to dinner or even for a hike in the Rockies . While growing profit margins certainly helped them expand operations , Rose credits a hospitable small business climate with allowing them to open a store much sooner than planned . "  Denver has gone through some big changes in the past four to five years , " Rose said . "  It 's a good time to be here . " Denver is n't a menswear capital , but Topo and other brands based there are drawing attention from beyond Colorado for their style and quality . In the past five years a handful of makers and entrepreneurs have flocked to this city in the Rockies of about 600,000 people , lured by the active lifestyle and its "  small town in a big city " vibe . Upon arrival , they say they 've found a thriving "  Portland-esque " makers scene , and a market for their goods among the city 's growing ranks of young professionals . These kinds of businesses found a foothold in New York , San Francisco , even Portland years ago , but there 's a certain Rocky Mountain vibe to those in Colorado , Rose said . "  Sure , you can buy backpacks and shirts elsewhere , but ours have a different spin because we 're in Denver . " A place for ` work-life integration ' The global nature of fashion and e-commerce allows startups to work from wherever they want . So , why is Denver the place where these entrepreneurs want to be ? The active lifestyle was the biggest draw for Eric Powell , founder of Ratio Clothing , which makes custom-fitted shirts for men . "  I do n't like the term ` work-life balance ' because it separates the two too much ; it 's more like work-life integration , " Powell said . "  People here know how to live . " Powell moved from Chicago to Denver in 2011 , shortly before the public launch of Ratio , which was borne out of Powell 's difficulty finding clothes that fit . Powell started building the business in 2010 , combining his technology background as a software developer and his passion for clothing , while he was working full-time as a consultant . When it became clear that his design viewpoint and formula for getting a good fit was finding an audience , he left his job and moved his family to Denver . As a consultant , Powell visited a lot of American cities . But "  Denver was always the city that resonated with us , " the 32-year-old entrepreneur says . It 's big enough so it has a variety of cultural offerings and restaurants , but small enough to get across town without sitting in traffic , Powell said . And , compared to Powell 's native Cincinnati , it 's a young city full of transplants . It 's also affordable compared to other metropolitan areas , which allowed Powell to build his start-up from his home . His business was gaining traction through the online menswear blog community when a customer from Italy in town for business showed up at his home seeking alterations . Powell , who had just returned from a run , greeted him in his exercise gear . "  At that point I realized I had to step up my game , " he said . He opened his storefront in August 2013 in the Lower Highlands neighborhood , a retail and restaurant hub near downtown Denver . It helps Ratio reach a new audience outside the menswear blogs , he said . Tanya Fleisher and Roy Katz also moved to Denver from Chicago in February 2013 . The couple had started their business Winter Session in Chicago , sewing cotton and canvas bags in their apartment . The Colorado natives always intended to return home , and when their business started to grow they decided it was time . After living in big cities for more then a decade -- Chicago , Los Angeles , Mumbai -- the couple wanted to live somewhere they could navigate on a bicycle instead of hopping on the freeway . They easily found an affordable workspace east of downtown on a small strip that used be known as the jazz district , which Roy Katz likens to Chicago 's Fulton Market District . They also found a supportive small business community that collaborates on events and marketing rather than working against each other . Winter Session 's headquarters ' doubles as a storefront and a workspace where the couple and two full-time employees make all of Winter Session 's bags and accessories , along with collaborations with other brands . They were even able to convince employee Laura Staugaitis to follow them to Denver . Staugaitis said she was more than happy to leave behind the rat race . She says the laid back maker environment in Denver gives small businesses room to grow . "  It 's a very non-competitive environment , " she said . "  It 's a young scene here and we 're all working toward the same critical mass , so people are n't as protective of what they 're working on . " ` Denver fashion has a personality of its own ' Many of these new businesses cater to the elusive stylish man who is willing to pay more for quality goods . His presence has been noted in the fashion capitals , where custom-shirtmakers and curated menswear shops have existed for years . Unlike your rich uncle 's menswear store , which might carry bespoke suits from Italy or Brooks Brothers , these stores are more likely to stock waxed cotton jackets , chambray button-downs , shawl collar sweaters or jeans made of Japanese selvedge . Borne of renewed interest in classic American workwear brands -- sometimes called the "  heritage movement " -- the curated shop is more revival than new phenomenon , said Jesse Thorn , creator of the popular menswear blog , "  Put This On . " "  Men now want to know where their clothes come from in a way they did n't before , and they want to know about the quality of their clothes in a way they did n't before , " Thorn said . "  That was at the center of the ` heritage movement ' before the marketers got hold of it , and it 's a sea change in the marketplace . The effects of that change are going to stick around , even after people stop buying defunct workwear brands and opening boutiques that sell colorfully-painted axes . " The rise of casual menswear and national retail contributed to the decline of the men 's store in the mid-20th century , but they 're becoming hip once again , thanks to increasing interest in American-made products and quality brands from abroad . When 27-year-old Eli Cox opened Berkeley Supply Store on a credit card in November 2012 , he stocked it exclusively with American-made brands that he liked : Red Wing boots , Taylor Stitch shirts , Filson coats and Rogue Territory jeans -- clothes with a workwear feel , but a little more refined . In New York and Portland , "  you ca n't swing a cat without hitting one of these shops , " Cox said . In Denver , his biggest competition was J.Crew , he said . After closing out his first year in the black , he attributes his success to "  like-minded " millennials flooding the city in recent years , creating a market for these goods . Other Denver-based outlets are tapping into the Rocky Mountain lifestyle for inspiration . When their shop Armitage & McMillan opens in March , owners Darin Combs and Daniel Armitage plan to stock it with brands they learned about through their work in New York fashion industry , like Steven Alan , UNIS and Fair Ends . But Armitage & McMillan will also include outdoor gear from brands like Saturdays Surf NYC , Mt. Rainier and Epperson Mountaineering . "  Denver fashion has a personality of its own . It 's not the Midwest and it 's not the West Coast , " said Armitage . The Denver man is looking for clothes to suit his lifestyle . The childhood friends from Oklahoma lived and worked in Denver before relocating to New York in 2007 to work in fashion . As they watched interest grow in small menswear labels , the more they thought there could be a market for them in Denver . Armitage hopes to reach fashion-conscious men who want to support the brands they read about on menswear blogs , or young professionals who work in places where suit and tie are n't required . "  They do n't want to go to mall stores that have a menswear section , " he said . "  These guys want to go into a menswear shop that feels like a menswear shop and talk to guys about clothing and the history of brands . "	Somehow , Denver has become a hotbed of in-demand men 's fashion The Denver lifestyle is a big draw for entrepreneurs and consumers Its "  maker " community creates a supportive small business climate , business owner says
CNN  -- The number of Americans killed on U.S. highways last year was the lowest since 1961 , the Department of Transportation announced Monday . The number of fatalities on U.S. highways dropped in 2008 to its lowest level since 1961 . Last year 's death toll was put at 37,313 . In 1961 , the number of lives lost was 36,285 . The numbers were compiled by the DOT 's National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . In addition , the rate of deaths on U.S. highways hit a record low last year -- 1.28 fatalities per 100 million vehicle miles traveled , down from 1.36 in 2007 , the department said in a news release . U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood credited more widespread seat belt use for the drop . NHTSA estimated that Michigan had the highest seat belt use , at 97.2 percent , while Massachusetts registered the lowest , at 66.8 percent . "  States like Michigan are raising the bar on seat belt use , making communities safer and keeping families intact , " said LaHood . Use rates of at least 90 percent were tallied for 16 states and territories : Michigan , Hawaii , Washington , Oregon , California , Maryland , Iowa , Puerto Rico , New Jersey , Delaware , Indiana , Texas , Nevada , New Mexico , Illinois and the District of Columbia . Massachusetts , Wyoming and New Hampshire had the lowest use rates -- all below 70 percent . States with laws mandating the use of seat belts tended to have higher use rates .	In 2008 , death toll on U.S. highways was 37,313 -- lowest since 1961 In 1961 , the number of lives lost was 36,285 Transportation secretary credits increased seat belt usage for the decrease
