CNN  -- The death toll from violence in South Sudan is "  heavy , " the United Nations said Tuesday , and thousands of people have sought refuge in the organization 's compounds in Juba . Gunfire rang out again in the capital of in Africa 's newest nation just hours after the country 's President said his forces had halted a coup attempt . Clashes , which began on Sunday evening , have left hundreds in urgent need of medical care , the International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  said . Gerard Araud , the French representative to the United Nations and the current President of the Security Council , said precise figures on the death toll were n't available . "  But it 's heavy , " he said . "  It 's dozens and dozens , scores of casualties , it 's really not a minor incident . " Officials at the United Nations are "  extremely concerned " about the violence , Araud said , due to the high number of casualties and because the fighting appears to be between different ethnic groups in South Sudan . On Tuesday , sporadic gunshots were heard in the area of Tonping , the U.S. Embassy said on its Twitter feed , quoting U.N. radio . It recommended that U.S. citizens currently in the country depart immediately . Women and children carrying bags , kettles , pots and basic belongings arriving at a U.N compound to seek shelter could be seen in pictures posted on the U.N. mission in South Sudan  UNMISS  Facebook page . Araud said Tuesday evening that around 15,000 to 20,000 civilians were taking refuge in the two UNMISS compounds in Juba , putting a strain on supplies of medicine , food , water and security resources . In a televised address Monday , South Sudan President Salva Kiir blamed soldiers loyal to his sacked deputy Riek Machar for starting the fighting Sunday evening . Dressed in fatigues , he said the government was in full control of the capital and announced a nighttime curfew . Ten people were arrested in connection with the foiled coup , according to a statement posted Tuesday on the South Sudan government website . Hundreds in need of medical care The ICRC said it was providing Juba 's two major hospitals with support , such as wound-dressing materials , to cope with the heavy influx of patients . More than 300 people have been admitted to Juba Teaching Hospital and Juba Military Hospital over the past two days , it said . "  We know there are more people who need care , but they are having difficulty reaching healthcare facilities because of the security situation and the lack of available transportation , " Felicity Gapes , an ICRC delegate leading the medical response on the ground , said in a statement . "  Staff in both hospitals have been working around the clock , but they are struggling because of the sheer volume of patients and the severity of the injuries . " The United Nations said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon spoke with Kiir by phone Tuesday , expressing his concern about the fighting . He urged "  all parties to cease hostilities immediately , and called on the government to exercise restraint in the management of the situation and to guarantee the protection of all civilians regardless of their ethnicities . " Deep-running tensions Kiir 's dismissal of his Cabinet in July further inflamed deep tensions between his Dinka community and Machar 's Nuer community . South Sudan formally split from Sudan in 2011 following a referendum , after decades of conflict . Numerous armed groups remain active in the oil-rich country . UNMISS said Hilde F. Johnson , special representative of the U.N. secretary-general , called on "  all parties in the current situation to refrain from any community-motivated violence . " "  At a time when unity among South Sudanese is more needed than ever , I call on the leaders of this new country and all political factions and parties , as well as community leaders to refrain from any action that fuels ethnic tensions and exacerbates violence , " Johnson said . Juba 's international airport remained closed . And with phone networks sketchy , embassies were turning to social media to stay in touch with their citizens , mainly calling on them to stay home and avoid unnecessary movement . The State Department said U.S. citizens currently in South Sudan should leave immediately , and it ordered the departure of non-emergency U.S. government personnel from the country . "  The Embassy is also suspending normal operations until further notice and can not provide routine consular services to U.S. citizens in South Sudan , " it said . The African Union said it was "  deeply concerned " about the events in South Sudan , urging the government , leadership and other stakeholders to exercise maximum restraint and avert any further escalation . Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Neda Farshbaf , Sara Mazloumsaki and Nana Karikari-Apau contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's dozens and dozens , scores of casualties , " the head of the U.N. Security Council says NEW : About 15,000 to 20,000 civilians have fled to United Nations bases in the city , he says State Department says U.S. Embassy suspending normal operations until further notice Sporadic gunfire still rattling Juba , diplomats say
CareerBuilder.com  -- When it comes to employee/boss relationships , John Ewert -- vice president at DRIVEN Public Relations in Temecula , California -- believes he has a fantastic one . "  For starters , I think the most important thing that makes the relationship between me and my boss so great is respect , " Ewert says . "  We are accountable for our actions , good or bad , and own up to our mistakes while offering credit where credit is due . We take great pride in agreeing to disagree , but not without discussing subjects in an open manner and exploring options to find solutions . I know it sounds cheesy , but respect and trust are the keys to any successful relationship . " As experts , supervisors and satisfied workers will attest , Ewert 's "  cheesy " advice is spot on . Here are some tips on how anybody can forge a better relationship with his or her boss . Communication counts "  In many office environments , employees and management are so involved in daily job requirements that communication may be pushed aside . In the long term , lack of communication can damage an employee/supervisor relationship , " states Marni Bobich , team manager from Administaff  a professional employer organization  . Daily e-mail exchanges are fast and oftentimes sufficient , yet Bobich suggests periodically requesting face-time . "  While you do n't want to become a nuisance , in-person communication can go a long way in displaying your desire to develop and maintain a positive working relationship . Determine the type of information that is best communicated face-to-face and discuss it during your meeting . " Building trust Experts agree that one instance where you should always go to your boss is when there is a potential problem . "  If a project is n't going well , do n't hide bad news from her for fear of looking bad , " says Melinda Stephenson , cofounder of The Leadership Room , a unique development program for rising executives . "  Let her know if a problem is brewing or if you 're struggling with something . If your boss can trust you to give her a ` heads up ' and to bring solutions to problems , you 've built a solid relationship . " "  And save your boss time ! " says Anja Schuetz , a people management coach from The Netherlands . "  When going to him with a problem , tell him all the things you have already tried to solve it . Anticipate his questions , and bring documents and proof along so your boss can see things through your eyes and is able to rule things out quickly , rather than thinking the whole thing through from scratch . " Other ways to develop trust include : • Keeping confidential any sensitive information about your boss or the company . • Refraining from talking about your boss behind his back . • Pointing out his mistakes tactfully  and preferably in private  . Bosses are people too It pays to remember that bosses like a pleasant atmosphere as much as any employee . While you need n't set out to make him your new best friend , developing a cordial relationship can strengthen ties . "  We always begin each conversation , whether it be by phone or e-mail , with a friendly greeting , such as ` Good Morning ! ' or ` How was your weekend ? ' " says Kaitlynn Carter , who works for a wedding-planning company in Portsmouth , New Hampshire . "  It goes a long way when you show that you are considering the other person and that you are committed to having a friendly exchange ! " Other ideas for building a personable , yet office-appropriate , relationship include : • Giving a genuine compliment .  I like your new coat . • Talking about a common interest .  Did you see the baseball game last night ? • Expressing interest in a major life event .  How did your son 's graduation go ? • Showing gratitude .  Thanks for letting me leave early to attend my daughter 's recital . • Offering kudos .  Congratulations on landing that new account . An occasional lunch together also can help . If the two of you travel for business , use the time waiting for the plane or riding in a taxi to get to know one another as individuals . Remember you 're on the same side Chances are that you and your boss want many of the same things : a paycheck , recognition , a strong company , career fulfillment . Looking at situations as cohorts can help both parties . "  The bottom line : positive effort equals positive results , " Ewert says . "  Sometimes there are projects that we do n't want to do , sometimes we have issues outside of work that are out of our control , sometimes our clients move up deadlines or change the focus for a project , but instead of harping on an issue and running away , we adapt and overcome . We view our clients and employees as partners , and we have a lot of fun helping businesses and employees be successful . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2010 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Marni Bobich , team manager from Administaff recommends periodically requesting face-time Experts agree that you should always go to your boss is when there is a potential problem Refrain from talking about your boss behind his back Remember that bosses like a pleasant atmosphere as much as any employee
EW.com  -- Peter and Bobby Farrelly have been quietly developing a sequel to "  Dumb and Dumber " for awhile now . Back in October , we heard that Sean Anders and John Morris -- the comedy screenwriting duo behind "  Hot Tub Time Machine " and "  Mr. Popper 's Penguins " -- were hard at work on a script . That was the last bit of news about the project ... at least until this weekend , when Peter Farrelly dropped a Twitter-imploding bombshell in the middle of a "  Three Stooges " press junket . "  We 're getting set to shoot Dumb and Dumber 2 in September , " the director told ComingSoon.net . "  We 've got Jim Carrey and Jeff Daniels back . " Farrelly may have jumped the gun a little bit -- a source close to the production tells EW that the film is "  moving along , but it 's not greenlit yet . " It 's hard to imagine a green light is too far away , though -- following last week 's announcement about the impending arrival of "  Anchorman 2 , " this feels like the moment for long-awaited comedy sequels .  Also : Is this a big day for Jeff Daniels , or what ? See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Peter Farrelly dropped a Twitter-imploding bombshell in the middle of a "  Three Stooges " "  We 're getting set to shoot Dumb and Dumber 2 in September , " the director said Sean Anders and John Morris were hard at work on a script
CNN  -- Republican Gov. Scott Walker 's convincing win Tuesday in Wisconsin was not just a victory for the governor himself , but a major triumph for conservatives in the fight to curb public employee unions . For the country 's sake , however , it will be far better if this struggle remains a fight rather than all-out war . In the run-up to Election Day , the Wisconsin recall vote was widely touted on the right as the second most important election of 2012 . It was ignited when Walker pushed through a budget repair bill to curb the public employee unions . One key provision prohibited the unions from engaging in collective bargaining about anything other than pay  firefighters and police were exempted  . Another provision said that a civil servant can no longer be forced to join a union and pay dues ; there must be freedom of choice . That set off a firestorm of protests , turning the state capital upside down . Hundreds of vociferous protesters occupied the Wisconsin Statehouse , Democratic legislators bolted to Illinois to try to deny a quorum , and tens of thousands took to the streets . For a while , it looked as if Walker had gone too far . Wisconsinites needed just 540,000 valid signatures to trigger a recall against him ; they gathered more than 900,000 . Public polls in May 2011 showed Walker with a dismal 42 % approval rating vs. 55 % disapproval . The mainstream media portrayed the recall as a huge showdown over collective bargaining rights and were often sympathetic to the protesters . Walker seemed headed toward defeat this June . But in the many months that followed , the mood clearly changed . One of us  David Gergen  spent two days recently in visits to Madison , Green Bay and Milwaukee . Sentiment was often strong for Walker , especially among small-business owners . People agreed that new laws have helped to reduce government costs at a state and local level and that the economic outlook is somewhat better . Some told stories of teachers who were happier now that they did n't have to pay union dues and had more freedom . The Wall Street Journal has reported that membership in the state 's second largest public union , the American Federation of State , Country and Municipal Employees , fell from 62,818 in March 2011 to 28,745 this February ; the union disputes the figure , but no one disagrees that the unions have been losing members . As Election Day approached and polls started to show Walker with a solid lead , some Democrats increasingly tried to argue that the vote was n't really a referendum on on Walker 's reforms but rather about a host of more local issues . Do n't be fooled : This recall was and is centrally about the public sector union fight , and it is important . Walker survived handily in the state that gave us one of the nation 's legendary progressives , "  Fighting Bob " La Follette , as well as the first public-sector , collective-bargaining agreement , and it is hard to deny that the nation is speaking . And with Walker surviving comfortably , a state that favored Barack Obama by 14 points in 2008 and seemed headed for the president 's column again should turn deep purple . Opinion : In Wisconsin , deep anger is n't going away The winds of change are blowing . Public employee unions have traditionally been well-regarded since they started up a half-century ago . A New York Times poll in February 2011 showed that a considerable majority still looks upon them with favor . But in recent years -- from "  rubber rooms " for teachers who ca n't be fired in New York City to the prison workers unions in California that helped to drive prison spending to nearly the same level as all higher education in the state -- resentments have been stirring against the power and alleged abuses of public sector unions . Too often in the past , critics argue , governors and mayors have signed on to sweetheart pension and health care deals for the unions -- the same groups who helped them get elected . Now with huge bills mounting and governments broke , a backlash is growing , led by Republican governors . Gov. Chris Christie 's dust-ups with the public sector unions in New Jersey have won no awards for congeniality , but he is pushing forward and his approval has recently been as high as 59 % , an astounding number in a relatively blue state . Gov. Mitch Daniels in Indiana has also enjoyed public support for his efforts to trim union power . In Ohio , voters went the other way in a November 2011 referendum , rejecting Gov. John Kasich 's public sector reforms . Some see the Wisconsin vote on Walker as a rubber match victory for the reform side ; Walker himself has compared his efforts to Ronald Reagan 's battle with the air traffic controllers -- a pivotal moment in Reagan 's presidency . Republicans are not alone in this struggle . Notably , New York 's Democratic governor , Andrew Cuomo , has been waging a vigorous campaign to reduce the state 's financial commitments to union pension and health plans , and Gov. Jerry Brown has been forced in the same direction in California . Democratic mayors , such as Rahm Emanuel in Chicago , have charged forward , too . Clearly , many of the arguments against the public employee unions have great merit . Too often in the past , just as in the auto industry , management signed onto lavish deals underpinned by rosy economic scenarios that in today 's environment just are n't affordable . Trims have to be made , starting with new employees . Among ardent school critics , it is now an article of faith that teachers ' unions are also blocking serious progress in K-12 education ; a film coming this fall , "  Wo n't Back Down , " is much anticipated by people who want an overhaul of the system and who see it as a good depiction of the problem . But there is a difference between fixing what is broken in public employee unions and trying to destroy them . There was a time in our history when public unions were suspect -- Franklin D. Roosevelt himself once wrote that "  the process of collective bargaining , as usually understood , can not be transplanted into public service . " In today 's world , however , with growing inequalities in pay and business able to exercise so much power in politics , firefighters , police officers and teachers deserve a right to be represented , too . For those of us who support charter schools and other K-12 changes , it is equally important to recognize that engaging in all-out war with teachers ' unions will wind up punishing children more than anyone else . However many charter schools there are , the fact will remain that the vast majority of lower-income students will be taught by teachers who belong to unions . And that will be true as far as the eye can see . It is far better to find ways to collaborate than to waste time in search and destroy . Emanuel is pointing the way forward in Chicago . He is cracking down on abuses -- a sanitation worker , for example , who was paid some $ 38,000 in the first four months of this year for overtime alone . But Emanuel is extending a hand , not a fist . "  I 'm not looking to beat labor . I want them to be a partner in solving " the city 's problems , he told reporters . Walker 's victory on Tuesday will galvanize those battling to curb the excesses of public employee unions . From them could come great progress -- as long as we do n't forget to honor those who serve the public well . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker survived recall effort by wide margin Tuesday When Walker limited public worker unions rights , it caused a firestorm Walker 's win , authors write , reveals the extent of the backlash against these unions Writers : Other governors are right to curb abuses , but they should n't crush unions
CNN  -- Connie and Donald McCracken were watching CNN one evening last week when they learned of the tragic death of actress Natasha Richardson from a head injury . Immediately , their minds turned to their 7-year-old daughter , Morgan , who was upstairs getting ready for bed . An injured Morgan McCracken has benefited from awareness after Natasha Richardson 's death . Two days earlier , Morgan , her father , and brother had been playing baseball in the yard of their Mentor , Ohio , home when her father hit a line drive that landed just above Morgan 's left temple . A lump formed , but the McCrackens iced it down and the swelling subsided within an hour . "  For the next two days , she was perfectly fine , " Donald McCracken says . "  She had no symptoms . She went to school both days and got an A on her spelling test as usual . There were no issues whatsoever . " But after hearing about Richardson 's death , the McCrackens wondered if Morgan was really as OK as she seemed . After all , Richardson had been talking and lucid immediately after her fatal injury . When they went upstairs to kiss Morgan good night , she complained of a headache . "  Because of Natasha , we called the pediatrician immediately . And by the time I got off the phone with him , Morgan was sobbing , her head hurt so much , " McCracken says . The McCrackens took Morgan to the emergency room at LakeWest Hospital in neighboring Willoughby , where doctors ordered a CT scan and immediately put Morgan on a helicopter to Rainbow Babies and Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , with her father by her side . "  I knew it was bad when she had to get there by helicopter in six minutes , instead of the 30 minutes it would have taken to get to Cleveland in an ambulance , " McCracken said . When the helicopter arrived at Rainbow , the McCrackens were greeted by Dr. Alan Cohen , the hospital 's chief of pediatric neurosurgery . He whisked Morgan into the operating room , pausing for a moment to tell McCracken that his daughter had the same injury as Richardson : an epidural hematoma . McCracken remembers standing in the emergency room , feeling like the life had just been sucked out of him . "  My heart sank , " he says . "  It just sank . " Unlike Richardson 's , Morgan 's story has a happy ending . After surgery and five days in the hospital , she 's at home and doing fine . "  Dr. Cohen told us that if we had n't brought her in Thursday night , she never would have woken up , " McCracken says . Now the McCrackens sometimes wonder if they waited too long to get Morgan to a doctor . After hearing about Richardson 's death , many people are asking themselves the same question : Do all head injuries need attention , even ones that seem minor ? "  Sometimes there 's a gray zone , and there 's no right answer , " Cohen says . Watch for tips on when to go to the ER " In most cases , it 's pretty clear when someone needs medical attention after a head injury , says Greg Ayotte , a spokesperson for the Brain Injury Association of America and a cognitive rehabilitation therapist . "  They 're confused , they 're agitated , or they might be dizzy or unresponsive , " he says . But then there 's what doctors call the "  talk and die " scenario , where someone seems fine , only to die hours , or sometimes even days later . "  Talk and die " can happen with several different kinds of brain injuries . In the case of epidural hematomas , the injury Richardson and Morgan had , blood pools in the area between the lining of the brain and the skull . "  Fluid is building up in a contained space , creating pressure . Something 's got to give , and that something is the brain , " Ayotte says . If you do n't get to the hospital to have surgery to drain the fluid , "  the deterioration can happen very quickly . " Here , from Ayotte and other experts , is a list of what to do after someone has suffered a head injury . 1 . Be vigilant Keep an eye on someone who has hit his head , even if the person never lost consciousness . "  A lot of folks are still under the assumption that as long as you 're not knocked out , you 're OK , and that 's not true , " Ayotte says . 2 . Look for dizziness , vomiting , headache and confusion If the injured person has these signs , take him or her to an emergency room , says Dr. Jam Ghajar , clinical professor of neurological surgery at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York , and president of the Brain Trauma Foundation . 3 . Look for changes in symptoms and behavior Any sudden change , such as Morgan 's headache going from mild to severe in minutes , means the person needs medical attention . For example , Ghajar says , if a person gets suddenly sleepy in the first 12 hours after a hit , it may mean the parts of the brain responsible for staying awake are experiencing pressure from a bleed . 4 . Be especially wary if someone a  has been drinking alcohol , b  is on blood thinners , c  is elderly or d  is a young athlete It 's tough to distinguish brain-injured behavior from drunken behavior , so when in doubt , take the person to the hospital , Ghajar says . Also , blood thinners can turn a mild bleed into a major bleed , so be especially vigilant if the injured person is taking blood thinners such as warfarin . He also warns people to be extra vigilant when an elderly person hits his or her head . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has information on traumatic brain injury and senior citizens . The CDC also has information on concussions in young athletes . 5 . Go to a certified trauma center if you can The American College of Surgeons has a list of certified trauma facilities ; a hospital that 's not a trauma center may not have a neurosurgeon on call . You can also look on this map from the American Trauma Society . Find your state , select trauma centers , update the map , and you can find information about trauma centers in your area . The McCrackens say they look back and still ca n't believe Morgan suffered such a severe injury and did n't show any signs for 48 hours . "  She did n't black out , her speech was n't slurred , she was n't dizzy , she was n't any of the things you 'd expect , " McCracken says . "  And you do n't want to be one of those panicky parents who takes their child to the emergency room all the time . " Cohen 's advice after a head injury : When in doubt , go . "  It 's always better to err on the side of being conservative , " he says . CNN Medical Producer Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Richardson 's death raises question : When should you go to ER after head injury ? Dizziness , vomiting , headache and confusion are all red flags Take special care if person is on blood thinners or is elderly Doc : "  Sometimes there 's a gray zone , and there 's no right answer . "
CNN  -- His name means "  traveler " and Somali-born poet , rapper and musician K'naan has certainly come a long way . The hip-hop sensation , who 's been compared by critics to both reggae hero Bob Marley and rap star Eminem , fled war-torn Somalia as a teenager to eventually settle down with his family in Canada . Strongly influenced by his native country , his socially conscious lyrics stem from life as a refugee and memories of civil war . Yet , the talented rhymesmith says today that he is more interested in emotional journeys , penning songs about the battles of the heart instead of street ones . "  In some ways , love can be harder than war -- it 's a very difficult thing when human beings acknowledge their vulnerability , " he says . "  War has a way of making life painfully factual and love has a way of making life completely painfully dreamy , and I wanted to try to be honest about where I 'm at in life , " adds K'naan , whose latest album , "  Country , God or the Girl " is expected to be released early next month . Read more : Djimon Hounsou : ` Blood Diamond ' star 's remarkable journey Blessed with an uncanny lyrical gift , K'naan fuses a wide array of styles and rhythms to deliver his African-influenced rap . In 2010 , his upbeat tune "  Wavin ' Flag " became a global hit after it was chosen as the official Coca-Cola anthem for the 2010 South Africa World Cup , the first time that football 's biggest tournament was held on African soil . For K'naan , the selection of his song was a "  surreal " and "  magic " moment . "  That perspective is not lost on me , you know that I was someone who was raised and born in that continent , " he says . "  That moment of the continent 's recognition and glory , that my music is the soundtrack for that , is a pretty huge privilege and that something to this day I 'm still trying to kind of get a hold of . " With two full length albums already under his belt , his impressive roster of collaborations features a wide array of high-profile names , including rapper Nas and Mos Def , singer Nelly Furtado and Metallica guitarist Kirk Hammett . In his latest offering , he also joins forces with Rolling Stones legend Keith Richards and rapper Will.i.am . It 's a long journey from where K'naan imagined he would be when he and his family boarded one of the last commercial flights to leave Somalia in 1991 , at a time when the East African country was descending into chaos , mired in the grip of a long civil war . "  I think I felt quiet a bit of guilt , " he recalls . "  Leaving was both a privilege and a burden because you saw the people around you who also deserved the chance to leave but were n't going to get that chance and you were getting that chance . " Read more : Ladysmith Black Mambazo : How we inspired Mandela K'naan first spent some time in New York before relocating to Toronto . Without speaking a word of English , he turned to music to learn how to express himself in his new environment . "  I picked up rap records because rappers seemed to me like they ... could be great orators , so I would listen to them , " he says . "  Luckily I did come upon people who were great poets like Naz and Rakim and people who use similes , imagery , metaphors , things that could teach me something . " In the end , he says he learned the new language very quickly "  because it was like a survivor 's manual -- it was n't a leisurely activity for me , it was what I needed to live because language is so important in my culture . " K'naan released his first full-length album -- dubbed "  Dusty Foot Philosopher " -- in 2005 to critical acclaim . Yet , his first outing to a truly global stage came a few years earlier , in front of a rather unusual audience for hip-hop standards . A relatively unknown artist , K'naan was invited in early 2000s to perform at a United Nations ' event marking the 50th anniversary of the organization 's refugee agency . Standing in front of some of the world 's most powerful men , K'naan stopped his performance to recite a politically-charged poem , blasting the U.N. for its failed relief mission in Somalia . "  At this time I said what do I have to do , I have no career , nobody cares , I ca n't live with myself if I do n't say something now that I have the opportunity to address all these people of stature and political clout . "  It was like honest in the moment . It was something that was about what 's happened over there and how it was treated how it was ignored , how it was undervalued by leadership and all of that . " Read more : Blind music pioneer fires up Nigeria 's modern sound The crowd 's initial silence quickly gave its place to a standing ovation , prompting Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour to storm up on stage and congratulate him . Passionate about the country he was born , K'naan says Somalia is a country with an incredible amount of potential . "  If you 're ever around Somali people you know how enterprising they can be , how sophisticated and intelligent they can be and you have only circumstances which enhance the negativity of such wealthy people , " he says . "  So I would say that while all this is happening the truth about it is that Somalia is untapped in its potential . And so , as long as there is potential , there is hope . "	K'naan is a rap star who 's achieved fame around the world with his Africa-influenced songs He escaped war-torn Somalia as a teenager to eventually settle in Canada K'naan , whose name means ` traveler ' learned English by listening to rap records His song "  Wavin ' Flag " was chosen as the official anthem for the 2010 FIFA World Cup
CNN  -- It is one of the painful ironies of our time that in the same season Martin Luther King Jr. 's memory is finally honored with a memorial in our nation 's capital , the state where he began to lead the civil rights movement is once more the center of an ugly conflict over racial injustice . The passage of Alabama 's anti-immigrant legislation , HB 56 , invokes inhumanity reminiscent of the Jim Crow South . And the police state it has created is equally cruel . If the law stands , children will be denied admission to public schools if they ca n't prove their citizenship , and schools will be turned into enforcement operations . Poor people of color will be ripped from their families if they are caught in public without their papers in order . Samaritans and people of conscience who employ , harbor or help undocumented workers will be severely punished . Already , opportunistic corrections firms are standing by to pocket money off prejudice and terrified families are selling off their meager possessions and fleeing the state . Our immigration system is broken , but our answer as a nation can not be to terrorize and criminalize families . Our immigration policy must be consistent with our core values and our moral obligation to treat all people with dignity and respect . For all the differences that divide us , we are in this together . In these harsh economic times , we are more than ever wearing the "  single garment of destiny " of which King wrote in his "  Letter From Birmingham Jail . " When communities suffer discrimination and degradation , we all suffer . When some citizens are denied fair treatment , we are all denied . When any group of workers can be underpaid and overworked , all workers are victimized . When families are threatened if they dare organize or speak out , America is threatened . "  Sometimes a law is just on its face and unjust in its application , " King also wrote in "  Letter From Birmingham Jail , " where he was imprisoned for nonviolent civil disobedience . Much about our nation 's immigration practices echoes that observation . We call on President Barack Obama to oppose and terminate all programs -- including collaboration between state and local law enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security -- that result in racial profiling and target immigrant communities . Our focus should be on comprehensive immigration reform . And we must focus simultaneously on fixing our broken economy , an economy that is forcing 99 % of the people to compete for a smaller and smaller piece of the receding American Dream . We also hope the good and righteous people of Alabama will rise up , oppose and repeal the abomination that is HB 56 . Theirs is the state where our historic civil rights movement began , where King and his followers developed a model of nonviolent activism that changed not only Birmingham and Alabama and the South , but our entire nation . This week , a delegation of African American labor and civil rights leaders are visiting Alabama to support Latino families who face hostilities all too familiar to what King saw in 1963 . Perhaps the ugly problems in Alabama can once again play a part in building a new understanding about the strains of division that weaken the fabric of society for all of us . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of the authors .	Writers : MLK began fight for civil rights in Alabama ; now state is denying rights again Alabama 's strict immigration law terrorizes families , they say ; conflicts with our values They urge Obama to end laws that use racial profiling , target immigrant communities Writers : We need to focus on comprehensive immigration reform and fixing economy
CNN  -- The Turkish government is treating around a dozen patients who have exhibited unusual symptoms suggesting they were exposed to a chemical weapons attack , a Turkish source said . "  They were not injured by any kind of conventional arms . Tests showed excessive results which produced findings to let us make that statement , " a Turkish source with access to Turkish government findings told CNN , on condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the allegations . The Turkish source was referring to an announcement by Turkey 's prime minister which accused the Syrian government of using chemical weapons . "  It is clear the regime has used chemical weapons , " said Recep Tayyip Erdogan , in an interview broadcast on NBC News Thursday night . "  There are patients who are brought to our hospitals who were wounded by these chemical weapons , " Erdogan added , speaking through an interpreter . Erdogan said he wanted the US to "  assume more responsibilities and take further steps " when it comes to Syria . The Turkish leader is expected to travel to Washington next week to hold talks with U.S. president Barack Obama . Erdogan was once a close ally of the Syrian president Bashar al Assad . But he gradually distanced himself from Assad in 2011 , as Syrian security forces mounted an increasingly deadly crackdown on anti-government protesters . Today , Erdogan is an outspoken critic who hs repeatedly demanded Assad step down from office . Turkey hosts more than 190,000 Syrian refugees in state-run camps , as well as many more Syrians who have fled across the border to take shelter in Turkish cities and towns . In addition , Turkey has played a major role providing assistance and a relatively safe springboard for operations to Syrian opposition groups . Ambulances routinely rush war-wounded across the border from Syria to Turkey for treatment in Turkish hospitals . Ankara says it has spent hundreds of millions of dollars housing , feeding and providing medical care to Syrian civilians . The latest accusations by Turkey are not the first time allegations of chemical weapons use have emerged from Syria . The Syrian government and rebels have accused each other of using chemical weapons on the battlefield , prompting the United Nations to call for the deployment of an international team of investigators . This week , in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Frederick Pleitgen , Syrian deputy foreign minister Faisal al-Mekdad declared his government "  would never use " chemical munitions . He also accused Turkey of supply rebels with chemical weapons . Syrian rebels as well as the Turkish government have denied such allegations , and answered with counter-accusations . Last week , Syrian rebel spokesman Louay al Mokdad claimed opposition fighters had captured an unexploded canister from an alleged chemical weapons attack . Mokdad told CNN he hoped international experts would use the canister as evidence of alleged Syrian government war crimes . The deadly conflict in Syria has repeatedly spilled across borders to Turkey , prompting Turkish security forces to reinforce the frontier . At Turkey 's request , the NATO military alliance deployed several Patriot missile batteries to protect Turkish border cities from the threat of Syrian missile attacks . The Turkish government appears to also be responding to more recent reports of chemical weapons use emerging from Syria . This week , Turkey 's semi-official Anatolian Agency reported that a special chemical , biological , radiation and nuclear research vehicle had been deployed to one of the busiest border gates between Turkey and opposition controlled Syria . READ MORE : Chemical weapons in Syria ? Why Obama still needs convincing READ MORE : U.S. : Intelligence points to small-scale use of sarin in Syria READ MORE : Exploring Syria 's chemical weapons stockpile CNN 's Saad Abedine and Frederick Pleitgen contributed to this report .	The statement comes after an interview by Turkish prime minister In the NBC interview the prime minister accused Syria of using chemical weapons The Syrian government and rebels have accused each other of using chemical weapons in the past
The investigation into the actions of former NFL tight end Aaron Hernandez , who is accused of killing friend Odin Lloyd , has turned to Hernandez 's fiancee as law enforcement searches for the .45 caliber gun used in the slaying . Lloyd 's bullet-riddled body was found in a Massachusetts industrial park on June 17 , Father 's Day , about a mile from Hernandez 's Massachusetts home . He was shot five times , and the gun has not been found . Prosecutors have accused the former New England Patriot of orchestrating what they call Lloyd 's execution-style slaying . Hernandez , 23 , has pleaded not guilty to murder and is being held without bail . Search warrant affidavits obtained by CNN contain new details about fiancée Shayanna Jenkins . In them , authorities alleged that Hernandez , Jenkins , his cousin Tanya Singleton and Ernest Wallace "  have all made overt attempts to hide evidence , render assistance for suspect to elude law enforcement , and to hinder and mislead this investigation . " Shayanna Jenkins has not been charged in connection with the investigation , and lawyers representing her fiancé , Hernandez , have not responded to requests for comment . Official : Lake search did n't turn up weapon Wallace has been charged with accessory after the fact to murder . The documents indicate investigators became suspicious of Shayanna Jenkins after they spoke with her sister Shaneah Jenkins . Shaneah Jenkins was Lloyd 's girlfriend . The court papers describe the following allegations : The day after Lloyd 's body was found , Shaneah Jenkins told authorities she was with her sister , Shayanna , and two uncles at Hernandez 's home . During that time , Shaneah Jenkins said she saw her sister go into the basement with an empty trash bag . Shayanna asked Shaneah to borrow her car and had a cell phone "  communication " with Hernandez . The women 's uncle told Shayanna that "  Mr. Hernandez wanted weapons taken out of the house " and told Shaneah that weapons "  were discarded into ` the woods . ' " Did Hernandez store guns in a box after killing ? The documents go on to describe a mysterious , if not cryptic , text message obtained by investigators from Hernandez to his fiancée that allegedly read : "  Go back in back of the screen in movie room when u  sic  get home an  sic  there is a box ... jus  sic  in case u  sic  were looking for it !!! Member  sic  how you ruined the big tv Imao WAS JUST THINKIN bout that lol wink wink love u TTYL ... K " "  TTYL " is common shorthand for "  talk to you later . " According to the court papers , Jenkins allegedly answers : "  ok-that was awful ... Perfect tv ... Love u. " About an hour later , a home surveillance video shows Jenkins leaving the house carrying something "  rigid " and "  consistent to a lock box or safe " placed inside a garbage bag and covered with clothing , according to the documents . Police state Jenkins drove away and returned an hour later , but she was not carrying the "  rigid " item back into the house . Prosecutors have said no lock box was found in the home . A search of a rented storage unit in Bristol , Connecticut , allegedly paid for by Hernandez , did not locate the weapon used to kill Lloyd , according to law enforcement officials . Singleton , Hernandez ' cousin , remained jailed on a contempt of court charge for failing to cooperate with a grand jury , according to two law enforcement sources . Grand jury indictments are expected in the case as early as next week , officials have said . Hernandez responds from jail to fan letter	Search warrant : Aaron Hernandez 's fiancee and others have tried "  to hide evidence " Papers : Shayanna Jenkins carried something like "  a lock box or safe " from house Jenkins has not been charged in connection with Odin Lloyd 's June death Hernandez has pleaded not guilty to a murder charge in Lloyd 's killing
CNN  -- They already have the record for the longest final in grand slam history , and now tennis rivals Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic are preparing to make history again in an ambitious bid to attract the biggest crowd . The world 's top-ranked players will go head-to-head in a special match for charity at Real Madrid 's Bernabeu Stadium on July 14 . No. 1 Djokovic and his predecessor Nadal hope to draw 80,000 fans -- which would smash the previous record set by two of the sport 's top women players . The Spanish football club 's pitch will be transformed into a tennis court , with the event taking place in the gap between between Wimbledon and the London Olympics . The showdown is the result of a partnership between two charities , the Real Madrid Foundation and the Rafa Nadal Foundation , and aims to raise money for disadvantaged children . Djokovic and Spaniard Nadal made history at the Australian Open in January , when the Serb won his fifth grand slam title in a five-set epic lasting almost six hours . Now they hope to shatter the record for the largest turnout at an exhibition match -- set in July 2010 when 35,681 people watched Kim Clijsters beat fellow former world No. 1 Serena Williams in Brussels . Nadal , a Real Madrid supporter who tries to attend as many matches as possible , said he was thrilled to be taking part in the historic event . "  Back to practicing , very happy because the Rafa Nadal Foundation 's event has been confirmed at Bernabeu ! " he announced on his Facebook page . Nadal still leads 16-14 in career clashes with Djokovic , despite losing the last seven of their finals meetings .	Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic hope to break the record for the largest crowd They aim to draw 80,000 fans -- the previous record of 35,681 set in 2010 Pitch at Real Madrid 's Bernabeu Stadium in Spain to be transformed into tennis court World No. 1 Djokovic has recently dominated against Real Madrid fan Nadal
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thailand 's national election day ended without any major incidents of violence , though tourists are reminded to keep abreast of the situation as anti-government protests are expected to continue in the capital , Bangkok . "  Bangkok and some parts of nearby provinces  Nonthaburi , Pathum Thani and Samut Prakan  remain under a state of emergency , " says the Tourism Authority of Thailand  TAT  in its latest update , issued February 2 . The decree , called in response to anti-government protests in which at least 10 people have died since November , came into effect January 22 and will last 60 days . Under a state of emergency in Thailand , authorities can impose curfews , declare parts of the capital off-limits , censor the media and detain suspects without court permission . "  We strongly advise U.S. citizens to be alert and avoid protests , demonstrations , and large gatherings , " says the U.S. Embassy in a recent warning to its citizens . "  While the ongoing protests have been generally peaceful , some have resulted in injury and death . The situation can change rapidly . It is important to pay attention to local news and media reports . " Tourists ' mobility restricted Despite the state of emergency , life carries on as normal in much of Bangkok and tourists will find it 's easy to avoid the protests if they follow locals news reports . Currently the biggest issue facing visitors is mobility , as protesters have closed off six major Bangkok intersections and conduct regular marches to government buildings throughout the city . Several of these rallies , aimed at forcing Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra from office , have been in popular tourism areas , including Silom , Asok and the Ratchprasong intersection -- the latter a popular shopping area near major hotels such as the Four Seasons Bangkok , Grand Hyatt Erawan and InterContinental Bangkok . "  We are working hard to make sure there is as little impact on our guests as possible and we have full contingency procedures in place , " said Nicola Chilton , Four Seasons Hotels ' senior director of public relations , Asia Pacific . Currently , all hotels and malls in Bangkok remain open , though opening hours of shopping complexes near protest sites are subject to change . Major tourist attractions , including museums and temples , also remain open as of February 2 . Transportation In the runup to the planned mass Bangkok protests , the anti-government group stated it would not close Bangkok 's two major airports , Suvarnabhumi -- the main international airport -- and Don Muang , which primarily serves low-cost carriers like AirAsia and Nok Air . The group also said it would allow ambulances to pass along any roads it blocked , and that it would not block access to public transportation . Tourists flying out of Bangkok are advised to leave for the airport four hours before their scheduled flight . All expressways currently remain open . The BTS Skytrain , MRT subway , Suvarnabhumi Airport Rail Link , public ferries and trains have also all been operating as normal . "  About 6,000 taxis registered with the Airports of Thailand have been given special stickers to show that the vehicles are carrying tourists , thus allowing them to be able to pass normally through intersections occupied by the demonstrators , " says the TAT . Popular tourist destinations outside of Bangkok , including Phuket , Chiang Mai and Krabi , are unaffected by the protests . Where to stay Travelers in Thailand wishing to avoid the protests should note that government rallies are no longer being held near Khao San Road , a popular tourist area filled with guesthouses and bars . Luxury riverside hotels , such as The Oriental , The Peninsula , Royal Orchid Sheraton , Shangri-La , Millennium Hilton and The Siam are also well away from protest sites . Tourist assistance Thailand 's Ministry of Tourism has reportedly set up tourism assistance centers at both Suvarnabhumi and Don Mueang airports , where they 'll coordinate with all concerned public and private agencies , including the Tourist Police , the Immigration Bureau , Metropolitan Police Bureau and the Thai Hotels Association . Help desks will also be set up at the Siam , Phaya Thai , Ekkamai and Wong Wian Yai BTS Skytrain stations as well as the Hua Lamphong MRT subway station . "  Each location will be manned by four Tourist Police officers , " said the TAT . Tourists can seek assistance by calling the following hotlines . Tourism Authority of Thailand : 1672 Thai Tourist Police : 1155 Suvarnabhumi Airport Operation Center : +66  0  2 134 4077 Don Mueang Airport Operation Center +66  0  2 535 3431 Tourist Assistance Center  temporary  : +66  0  2 401 1111 Alternatively , visitors can email Touristcenter13@gmail.com or TSC@mots.go.th . Who to follow Twitter is one of the best ways to get real-time information on the Bangkok protests . Richard Barrow , a full-time travel blogger based in Bangkok , is a top source for those seeking news about the protests as well as travel advice . He can be followed at Twitter.com / richardbarrow Local English-language media on Twitter include the Bangkok Post : Twitter.com / BPbreakingnews ; The Nation : Twitter.com / nationnews ; and MCOT : Twitter.com / MCOT_Eng .	Thailand national election day on February 2 Protests continue in Bangkok , state of emergency remains in effect Travelers advised to avoid rally sites , leave for airport four hours before scheduled international flights
CNN  -- Citing inaction by city police , some residents in a Detroit neighborhood attacked and beat a man they suspected of raping a teenage girl . Authorities confirm they investigated a reported rape in July , that the alleged victim -- a 15-year-old girl with Down syndrome -- was taken to a hospital and evidence was collected , including a rape kit . Authorities also confirm that processing in the case was delayed in the days and weeks after the alleged incident . Despite questioning of a man identified by the girl 's family and area residents as the suspect , no charges have been filed . On August 5 -- more than two weeks after the alleged rape was reported -- some residents of the Hubbard Farms neighborhood in southwestern Detroit decided they were n't going to wait for police and prosecutors to act . They recognized the man -- a resident of the area -- from handbills posted around the neighborhood that included the man 's picture , and some residents went into action , chasing the man when he ran and hitting him with blows that including baseball bat strikes to the knees . While only a few residents took part in the beating , sentiment was strong that the man was a threat to the community and that police were not proceeding on the rape case , according to resident Angel Garza , also known by his artist name , Anjoe Block . "  It was way too long for  authorities  to do something . All we wanted to do was get him away from our neighborhood , " said Garza , who did not participate in the incident involving the man , but told CNN he knew people who did . Garza , an artist , had taken to Facebook to grab community attention , posting online the neighborhood flier that identified the man by name and picture , and that said in all-capital letters the man "  HAS RAPED A YOUNG ... WOMAN IN OUR NEIGHBORHOOD ... PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THIS MAN IS EXTREMELY DANGEROUS . " The physical condition and whereabouts of the man , who had been arrested and released by police before the beating , could not be determined Tuesday . He has not been charged Tuesday . The 15-year-old alleged victim is with her family and is getting support from relatives and neighbors , according to a family friend . The Wayne County prosecutor 's office confirmed that the alleged rape was reported to police on July 17 . Police sent crews to the crime scene and took in evidence . But then processing of the rape kit was delayed , according to Jerome Warfield , a member of Detroit 's civilian commission that oversees police . Detroit police e-mails reveals weight , bra sizes of female officers The community learned of the incident from a family member 's post on the community list-serve . An e-mail by the relative of the alleged victim outlined the incident , gave purported details about the man , and told how the family tried to contact police . Police issued an arrest warrant request on July 30 , 13 days after the alleged rape , according to the Wayne County prosecutor 's office . The man named on the neighborhood flier was taken into custody and questioned , but police could not formally charge him because the prosecutor 's office did n't sign off on the warrant , according to Warfield . The man was then released . A few days later , the beating occurred . People in the community simply believe that law enforcement is not acting in any expedient way in the case , according to Garza . A spokesman for the Detroit Police Department told CNN this week , "  We are aware of the situation . " "  This is an ongoing investigation . We can not confirm any details , " said Sgt. Eren Stephens of the department 's public information office . Not everyone in the community approves of the vigilante action . "  So it 's OK to take the law into your own hands ? " said one user on the community forum on Facebook . "  And the people who beat him up were n't arrested ? " "  When are they going to arrest the people that beat him like they did , " said another user on the forum . "  They are every bit as guilty as they believe he is . " According to a case record in the Wayne County Probate Court , the man is 43 years old and described as "  an individual with a developmental disability . " "  Because the victim and suspect , being significantly handicapped , there are rules and guidelines that we have to follow that we can not treat the situation as a normal assault , " said Police Commissioner Warfield . "  To that end , there is special questioning and steps to go through to make sure that their rights are protected . We are mandated by American Disabilities Act to take special precaution . That process can go a little bit slower . " According to Warfield , the processing of the rape kit was delayed some seven to 10 days for unknown reasons . "  If there was anything that the police could have done better , it would 've been issuing the rape kit more quickly , " said Warfield . Detroit files for bankruptcy Following the beating of the man last week , vandals painted the word RAPIST in large letters five times on an apartment building , just below the man 's unit , Warfield said . They broke in and ransacked the man 's home , according to Warfield . "  I think people are hurt and scared , and certain people respond to that in an immediate and violent way , " said Megan Heeres , a close friend and longtime neighbor of the 15-year-old and her family . "  But that 's not the response the family wants . " Heeres said the family has been focusing on restorative justice more than anything , and helping the girl start living her life again . She said the victim is doing well with the support from her family . "  They want to see some changes from the Detroit Police Department . It has n't been about vigilante justice . There should be a clear-cut process or protocol when responding to sexual assault to minors , so people can feel secure that there 's movement  with their case  , " said Heeres . "  It 's been such a tragedy , " said John Van Camp , president of Southwest Solutions , an agency involved in neighborhood revitalization , counseling services , and economic development in the community . "  I 've known the victim and family for many years . We provided as much support as we could . The fact that it 's continuing to unfold is unfathomable . " Van Camp believes since the situation is still unfolding , all parties , including the 15-year-old girl , the people within the community and the man who was beaten , have now all become victims . Another police investigation is now under way for those responsible for beating the man and breaking into the home , according to Warfield . No arrests have been made in the beating of the man and , "  He has not been seen , " according to Garza . "  We do understand that the neighbors were enraged , " said Warfield . "  Detroit police understand how this is emotional . But vigilantism can not be accepted when you 're impeding upon somebody 's rights . " In 2010 : Stoning death a case of ` citizen justice '	The victim of the alleged rape is a 15-year-old girl with Down syndrome A man was identified in a neighborhood flier that included his picture The man was beaten last week when he was spotted by residents Detroit police say only that the investigation of the reported rape is ongoing
CNN  -- As the Iranian people get ready to cast their votes for one of the six remaining presidential candidates , as vetted by the country 's Supreme Leader and the Guardian Council , a free election is under way in the virtual world -- where technology and the Internet are creating an alternative platform for Iranians to raise their voices . With just days until the June 14 election , a cyber-voting space is running a "  virtual election . " This campaign -- free from the Islamic regime 's constraints -- is helping to provide a virtual space for voters inside Iran to "  freely " choose their preferred candidate . Russian chess legend Garry Kasparov is leading this effort , known as the "  We Choose " campaign . He is joined by other internationally recognized former government officials , human rights advocates and technology experts . "  Democracy is both a political right and a human right , " said Kasparov , chairman of the We Choose global committee . "  The Universal Declaration of Human Rights , which Iran has also signed , declares that the will of the people shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections -- which are not the case in the current system of Iran , so if we want to understand the real opinion of the Iranian people , we need to give them an alternative platform to vote and to express their preferences , " he said . After the 2009 election many Iranians protested against Ahmadinejad 's re-election alleging severe voting fraud . Soon after , the opposition was systematically crushed by regime forces , which left the massive movement for change in Iran shattered . Read more : Repressed voices speak out in Iran "  Such ` parallel institutions ' as We Choose give people space to express their will and grievances freely -- it 's also what we called a ` low risk tactic ' of dispersion as opposed to ` high risk tactic ' of concentration , such as mass rallies and protests , " said Srdja Popovic , a Serbian lawyer and political activist whose creative opposition tactics helped topple the government of Slobodan Milosevic in 2000 . He adds that such tactics are suitable for societies with high levels of oppression and fear , "  and Khamenei 's Iran is unfortunately exactly like that . " Popovic is the founder of the Center for Applied Non-Violent Action and Strategies  CANVAS  . According to the Atlantic , the young Iranians protesting against Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election in 2009 downloaded 17,000 copies of Popovic 's guide to nonviolent action . "  People are not satisfied with the Iranian election inside Iran because of the election process , there is no independent monitoring , and there is no international supervision , so the election is not free and fair . " said Reza Ghazinouri , a young Iranian who fled Iran after expressing opposition toward the regime in the 2009 election aftermath . Like many of his friends inside Iran , Reza believes people are disappointed with this upcoming election , where they feel their voices can not be heard . Aspiring to help raise the Iranian people 's voices , We Choose claims to provide a secure space , where aside from the official nominees , there are 12 other candidates that represent a wide range of socio-political perspectives . Former reformists and Green Movement representatives Mir Hossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi , who the Iranian regime currently has under house arrest , are among the 12 "  virtual candidates . " Representing views from outside Iran , Reza Pahlavi , Iran 's heir to the Pahlavi monarchy is another candidate , as well controversial figures like Mariam Rajavi , President of the National Council of Resistance of Iran or Mojahedin-e Khalq  MEK  . The U.S. removed Rajavi 's organization from its list of Foreign Terrorist Organizations last year . Read more : Iranian exile group removed from U.S. terror list "  While there are an enormous number of possible candidates , our list of 20 candidates is representative of the broad political spectrum and not just chosen from a single political ideology . " Kasparov told CNN , suggesting "  this process can be a step forward towards building a healthy and strong civil society in Iran , which promotes democracy and freedom . " We Choose also listed Nasrin Sotoudeh , an Iranian human rights lawyer currently jailed in Tehran 's Evin prison among its candidates . Former president Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani and Ahmadinejad 's protege Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei - both disqualified from this year 's race by the Guardian Council - are also among the 20 candidates . A similar virtual voting platform was applied in Russia during the October 2012 elections , which was also headed by Kasparov and Leonid Volkov -- the architect of the design team behind the virtual election platform . The Russian cyber election voicing opposition to Vladimir Putin resulted in 82,000 participant voters . As the Iranian government tightens cyberspace access and begins monitoring of Internet activities , satellite space , and mobile communication ahead of the election , these virtual campaigners say they have created a cyber security system that can not be monitored or hacked by the regime . Read more : Iran tightens grip on cyberspace "  The system we have created for the Iranian election is arguably the most secure and sophisticated platform of its kind ever developed , " said Volkov . "  The Iranian people will be able to cast their ` virtual ' votes without worrying about a knock on the door in the night . " This technology is exclusive to Iranians inside Iran who can use their mobile phones to cast their votes by SMS . Phil Zimmermann 's cyber-security firm Silent Circle helped to ensure anonymity for voters and the "  one vote for one person " process . Kasparov also told CNN the biggest challenge for the virtual platform was "  finding the right balance between maximum security for the voters , and thereby ensuring safety through anonymity , and protecting the reliability of the results by preventing mass manipulation . " While many still speculate about the success of this campaign and challenges to internet access and cell-phone use in Iran , Nazie Eftekhari one of the Iranian-American community 's leading voices and co-founder of The Foundation for the Children of Iran , believes history belongs to those who show up and support creative ways that support democracy and reform . "  If you look at Tunisia and Egypt , it all started as a Twitter and Facebook campaign . Back in the days , wars and change began with shots and gunfire around the world , but nowadays it could be one SMS that could be heard around the world and create change . " Eftekhari is also a board member of the We Choose global committee , as are NASA scientist Firouz Naderi , renowned historian Francis Fukiyama and six other internationally recognized figures . Only one day into the start of this virtual election on June 7 , almost 500 people voted inside Iran . An Iranian voter who asked to remain anonymous created a blog post to show other Iranians the process through which he cast his SMS vote . The blogger also publicized how voting can not go through some mobile-service providers in Tehran . We Choose technicians said that his post helped their cyber security team trouble shoot the technical glitch and continue to improve voting . Inside Iran , Osoolgara , a website close to the Supreme Leader has condemned this campaign and called it a "  CIA operation against the Islamic Republic of Iran , that is led by one of its agents Garry Kasparov . " Other Iranian-government news agencies including Fars News and Mashregh are calling this effort a CIA operation that is aiming to hurt the Islamic Regime . Today , virtual elections and characters have created new rallying fields that compete with the Islamic regime . This virtual election continues until June 13 , where the "  virtual winner " will be announced on the morning of the actual Iranian presidential election on June 14 . "  I want to send a message of hope to the people of Iran and to show them that the whole world is watching what happens there , " Kasparov told CNN , a message he hopes can potentially model an opportunity to "  operationalize democracy in nations where people are not able to express their true political views . " Read more : Iran presidential candidates ` cry for overhaul of foreign policy '	Iranians will vote for a new president -- one of six approved candidates -- on June 14 Alongside the real election , a cyber-voting space is running a "  virtual election " "  We Choose " includes extra candidates and aims to avoid interference by Iran 's regime "  Democracy is both a political right and a human right , " says founder Garry Kasparov
Usually a cause for techno-euphoria , Apple 's iPhone-a-palooza event on Tuesday had an unintended and unlikely effect : It made some corners of the Internet mad . "  LET 'S TALK * NEW * IPHONE ALREADY !!!!!!!! " the Twitter celebrity @ijustine wrote during the company 's much-hyped press conference , where it unveiled the iPhone 4S -- a phone that looks just like its predecessor , but is faster and has a better camera . "  Tim Cook is talking too much . I just need to know if I have to put pants on and run to the Apple Store righhttt now , " she wrote closer to the start of the event , referring to Apple 's new CEO , who was panned by many online as dull compared to Steve Jobs . The collective reaction online : Probably not . Many observers seemed underwhelmed by Tuesday 's Apple news . Here are five reasons why some people are calling the iPhone 4S announcement a dud : The rumor mill Bloggers have been gossiping about the details of the fifth-generation iPhone literally since the iPhone 4 was unveiled in June 2010 . In the process , they may have set some unrealistic expectations -- including hopes that the phone would "  radically change , " which it did n't . The iPhone 4S looks exactly like the iPhone 4 . For more on the rumors that did n't come to pass , check out Gawker 's "  iPhone 5 Failboard . " Side note : Al Gore , an Apple board member , made an apparently offhand comment that fueled speculation Apple might announce not one but TWO iPhones on Tuesday . Again , high expectations . The wait Apple usually announces a new iPhone in June . This year it waited until October , amid speculation that it was having trouble getting the parts it needed to manufacture the new version of the phone . Those extra four months gave the aforementioned rumor mill a little more time to rev up . Dull presentation This was the first center-stage presentation for Tim Cook , who replaced Apple co-founder Steve Jobs as CEO on August 24 amid reports of Jobs ' ailing health . Cook is notably less outgoing and charismatic than Jobs , and the company 's presenters Tuesday took their time getting to the meat of the event -- the iPhone 4S announcement . That produced lots of chatter on Twitter and elsewhere that the company had nothing significant to say . A day in the life of an iPhone addict Stocks also reacted bizarrely to the news , falling as much as 5 % before closing 0.5 % down for the day , CNNMoney reports . "  There 's nothing wrong with a company coming out with an incremental improvement , but with a big news conference comes the expectation of something big , " Jeff Kagan , a technology analyst , told CNNMoney 's David Goldman . "  This was n't big . " The name When the iPhone 3GS debuted in 2009 , critics were similarly unimpressed . Maybe that has something to do with the name . Many people expected Apple to announce a completely redesigned iPhone 5 . iPhone 4S sounds much more like a facelift of a current product -- which is fair because that 's what it is . It looks the same This is perhaps the biggest reason people are n't wowed by the iPhone 4S : It has exactly the same shell as the iPhone 4 . The rumor mill wanted to see a phone with a "  teardrop " shaped back and a bigger screen . No such luck . All of the new features of the iPhone 4S are essentially invisible : A faster processor , better camera and a "  humble virtual assistant " called Siri that operates on voice commands . For status seekers , what good is flashing your new iPhone if it looks just like the old one ?	Bloggers have been gossiping about the fifth-generation iPhone since June 2010 This was first presentation for Tim Cook , who replaced Steve Jobs as CEO Many people expected Apple to announce a completely redesigned iPhone 5
CNN  -- One of the telephone numbers used to report claims of abuse at a polygamist sect 's Texas ranch was previously associated with a Colorado woman whom authorities have named a "  person of interest , " a court document says . Rozita Swinton , 33 , has been arrested in a case that is not directly related to the Texas raid . The telephone calls in late March prompted authorities to raid the Yearning For Zion  YFZ  Ranch in Eldorado , Texas , where 437 children were removed . The ranch is owned by the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , a Mormon offshoot that practices polygamy . Rozita Swinton , 33 , of Colorado Springs , Colorado , was arrested this month on a charge of making a false report to police . The charge relates to an incident in February , but the Texas Rangers have said she is a person of interest in connection with the ranch calls . In the February incident , Swinton is accused of calling authorities using the names "  Dana Anderson " and "  April , " reporting abuse by male relatives , according to an affidavit in support of an arrest warrant . Authorities have not clearly said that they think Swinton made the March phone calls that prompted the raid . But the affidavit says she is "  known to make false reports of sexual abuse to the police and other agencies . " Watch how a hoax may be behind the ranch mystery " Calls were made to a Texas family shelter March 29 and 30 from a female identifying herself as Sarah Barlow , the affidavit says . The caller said she was 16 , had a baby about 8 months old and was pregnant again . She said that her 49-year-old husband was physically and sexually abusive toward her and that they were living at the YFZ Ranch . The phone calls were made from a prepaid cell phone with no available records , according to the affidavit . However , it has been used in other cases linked to Swinton , the document says . Although Texas officials said they have not found the woman who made the calls , they said they have found evidence that girls as young at 13 are forced into marriages with older men at the ranch . The FLDS has denied that any abuse takes place at the ranch . The woman identifying herself as Sarah Barlow also called a battered women 's shelter in Snohomish County , Washington , using another phone number , the affidavit says . That phone number was traced to Swinton 's address , the affidavit says . On April 10 , the woman called the Washington shelter again and was put on the line with a Texas deputy . She said she felt that she would be punished for the trouble she had caused , was worried that her baby might be taken away and was angry with a woman she had contacted March 29 for prompting the raid by law enforcement . During that conversation , the affidavit says , the woman used terminology common to the FLDS , referring to her "  sister wives , " for instance . The phone number used in the Washington call was traced to the Colorado Springs apartment where Swinton lives , the affidavit says . The number was also used to call a Utah organization for women escaping polygamy and an abuse counseling center in Fort Myers , Florida , phone records showed . Swinton pleaded guilty to a charge of false reporting in June 2007 and was under a 12-month deferred sentence , the affidavit says . At a custody hearing last week , a Texas judge ruled that the state will temporarily retain custody of the 437 children removed in the raid . Meanwhile , on Tuesday evening , laboratory workers at San Angelo Coliseum completed taking DNA samples from mothers and children , said Janice Rolfe , a spokeswoman for the state attorney general 's office . She did not say how many samples were taken . About 100 of the seized children from whom swab DNA samples had already been taken were bused Tuesday from the San Angelo Coliseum to group foster homes , the Texas Department of Health and Family Services said . On Wednesday , workers in Eldorado continued to take voluntary DNA samples from adults who live on the YFZ Ranch , Rolfe said . Rolfe said that at least 54 samples from adults have been taken there . The DNA samples will be sent to Laboratory Corporation of America , based in Burlington , North Carolina . It could take longer than a month to get results . Judge Barbara Walther , who last week ordered the DNA testing of the children and ordered that they remain in state custody , signed an order this week authorizing the children 's move to foster care , officials said . At a meeting Wednesday afternoon , Walther and the state 's Child Protective Services Division agreed that 18 mothers with breast-feeding babies that are 1 year old or younger will be allowed to stay with their children in the homes where the children are placed . Also , 23 mothers with 28 children ages 1 to 2 years will be allowed to stay in the same towns as their children . The remaining children , 2 to 18 years old , will be split up into available homes . The original order signed by Walther called for every effort to keep siblings together , especially in the case of small children . Rod Parker , a spokesman for the FLDS families , blasted the action in a news conference from his Salt Lake City , Utah , office . "  The CPS department of Texas is afraid of due process , " he said . "  They would lose in a fair fight in this case , and that is why you 're seeing them move so quickly , and that is why you 're seeing them move unilaterally . " He said the court ignored motions asking that the children be placed with their relatives . The FLDS launched a Web site this week to promote its side of the issue . The site , captivefldschildren.com , contains photos and videos taken inside the ranch during the raid . The site says donations are needed to help cover the "  massive litigation costs associated with these lawsuits . " A link on the Web site allows online donations . E-mail to a friend CNN correspondent Susan Roesgen and journalist Cheryl Getty contributed to this report .	Rozita Swinton , 33 , was arrested this month on charge unrelated to ranch But Texas Rangers have said she is a "  person of interest " in sect case Court record : Swinton is connected with phone number that brought attention to sect Caller identified herself as a 16-year-old girl who claimed abuse by sect member
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Pop star Michael Jackson has sued to stop an auction house from selling millions of dollars of the iconic singer 's property . Michael Jackson on Thursday announces a series of concerts in London , England . Jackson 's company , MJJ Productions , filed a lawsuit Wednesday in Los Angeles Superior Court against Julien 's Auction House . "  The conduct of the defendants was malicious , fraudulent , extreme , outrageous and without any legal justification whatsoever , " the suit said . Julien 's has scheduled a five-day auction for April to liquidate items from Jackson 's former home , Neverland Ranch , including the gates , the singer 's famous jeweled white glove and a stretch Rolls-Royce . The singer 's suit contends the auction house ca n't sell any of the items without his permission . Word of the lawsuit is "  news to us , " said auctioneer Darren Julien . "  We have been accommodating any requests made by Michael Jackson for the past eight months , " Julien said . "  If it is true and he is stating that there are items he does not want sold , why would he have ever given us the items in the first place ? We are an auction house , and that is all that we do . We are not a mover or storage facility . " Julien said he will continue with the auction . iReport.com : Show us your Michael Jackson moves Jackson sold Neverland Ranch last year , and he has spent much of his time since his 2005 acquittal on child molestation charges living in Bahrain . Jackson announced Thursday that he will perform 10 concerts in London , England , in July in what he described as a "  final curtain call . " Watch the announcement " "  These will be my final shows performing in London , " he said .	Singer files suit in California to halt April sale of items from Neverland Ranch Items to be sold include white glove , ornate gates , Rolls-Royce Auctioneer : If Jackson did n't want items sold , why did he give them to us ? Jackson plans "  final curtain call " concert series in London , England
CNN  -- The U.S. could be in for another quiet hurricane season , according to Phillip Klotzbach and William Gray of Colorado State University . Their annual preseason forecast , released Thursday , predicted nine named storms and three hurricanes , one of them major  category 3 or higher  . That 's well below the Atlantic basin average of 12 named storms , six hurricanes and three major hurricanes . They attribute the below-normal prediction to cooler than average water in the Atlantic Ocean and a likelihood of a moderate El Nino developing in late summer or fall . "  The tropical Atlantic has anomalously cooled over the past several months , and the chances of a moderate to strong El Nino event this summer and fall appear to be quite high , " Klotzbach said . "  Historical data indicate fewer storms form in these conditions . " Last year 's forecast was for 18 named storms , nine hurricanes and four major hurricanes . However , there were only 14 named storms and two hurricanes , neither of them major . 2012 and 2014 were the only two years in the past decade in which Gray has gone with a below-normal season in his preseason report . He forecast 10 named storms in 2012 . That year ended up being tied for the third most named storms on record , with 19 . This year 's report also includes the probability of major hurricanes making landfall on U.S. soil : • 35 % for the entire U.S. coastline  average for the past century is 52 % • 20 % for the U.S. East Coast , including the Florida peninsula  average for the past century is 31 % • 19 % for the Gulf Coast from the Florida Panhandle west to Brownsville , Texas  average for the past century is 30 % • 28 % for the Caribbean  average for the past century is 42 %	Experts predict nine named storms , three hurricanes , one major hurricane Atlantic average is 12 named storms , six hurricanes , three major hurricanes Moderate El Nino , cooler Atlantic waters cited in forecast
Washington  CNN  -- David Axelrod , formerly one of President Barack Obama 's top advisers , said that if he were still writing Obama 's speeches , he would not have advised that the President declare his economic policies will be on the ballot for November 's midterm elections . "  I would n't put that line there , " Axelrod said on NBC 's "  Meet the Press " Sunday . "  It was a mistake . " Referring to declining unemployment rate over the past six months , Obama has said his administration is responsible for the recent economic progress . "  It is a direct result of the American people 's drive and determination , " he said in a speech at Northwestern University in Chicago last Thursday . "  It 's also the result of sound decisions made by my administration . " "  I 'm not on the ballot this fall . But make no mistake , these policies are on the ballot . Every single one of them . " Republicans were quick to use the sound bite in ads attacking their opponents in key battleground states . "  A vote for Greg Orman is a vote for the Obama agenda , " a narrator says in an ad for Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts released Friday . "  Alison Grimes says this election is not about her support for President Obama and his failed policies ... But Obama himself says a vote for Alison is a vote for his policies , " a narrator says in an ad for Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell , released Friday . The head of the Republican National Committee , Reince Priebus , also weighed in Sunday on "  Meet the Press . " "  The President on Friday ... said that his policies are on the ballot . Well , if Barack Obama 's on the ballot and his policies are on the ballot , it 's going to be a pretty bad year for Democrats . " While Axelrod said he would n't have included the ballot line in the President 's remarks , he did try to clarify what the President meant in terms of his position on the economy . "  But understand , if you read the speech , the context of the line was , the things he 's pushing forward -- minimum wage , pay equity , infrastructure -- these are on the ballot , " Axelrod said . Axelrod has been a strong defender of President Obama since his departure from the White House . In August , he knocked Hillary Clinton for criticizing the President 's foreign policy approach , implying in a tweet that her vote in favor of the Iraq War as a U.S. senator in 2002 was "  stupid stuff . "	Axelrod says "  it was a mistake " for Obama to say his policies would be on midterm ballots Republicans were quick to use the sound bite in ads in key battleground states RNC Chairman Reince Priebus says it 's going to be "  a pretty bad year for Democrats "
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- It took Norma Margeson a few minutes to learn to control the skinny metal robot . But instead of viewing it as a machine , she soon warmed up to it as a companion . Georgia artist Norma Margeson has embraced a robot prototype that can fetch household items for patients . "  Oh , I love it , " she said . "  I think it is such a unique character . It has a personality all its own . It can be a friend , a very good friend . " Margeson , an artist from Marietta , Georgia , is learning how a health care robot dubbed El-E  pronounced "  Ellie "  can help her accomplish some simple household tasks . El-E is being tested by Margeson and other patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or ALS , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . "  We named it El-E because she reminds us of an elephant . She has this one arm that is sort of gray that can lift objects and move up and down , " said Professor Charles Kemp , director of the Center for Healthcare Robotics at Georgia Tech in Atlanta . Right now Kemp and his colleagues are focusing on programming El-E to locate and fetch common household items such as a hairbrush , a bottle of pills , a cell phone or a TV remote . El-E also can open doors . Watch El-E the robot in action " A robot with those skills could provide some independence for patients with motor impairments and a respite for caregivers . Kemp said he hopes his robots could help people in wheelchairs , the elderly and those with such diseases as arthritis and diabetes . "  There is still significant research to be done in order to make robots like El-E function in real homes on a daily basis , " Kemp said . "  Real homes contain a diverse array of objects , have obstacles that make robot navigation difficult , have varied lighting , contain fragile items , provide shelter to pets and family members , and have messy areas . " Kemp has been working for more than a year with Jonathan Glass , a neurology professor at Emory University in Atlanta and director of the Emory ALS Center . "  What Charlie and his team have been very focused on is not what they can make the robots do , but what they can make the robots do that 's important to people , " Glass said . "  We may think of things that are relatively trivial -- picking up a cell phone , picking up a remote control for a TV set or even pushing a button somewhere that they can not quite reach . That may seem to be a small thing to somebody . But to these folks , it 's a very big thing . " El-E is about 5 feet tall , with a single robotic arm that can move up and down to pick up objects at different heights . The robot swivels and rolls on a motorized , wheeled base . During a demonstration in a living-room setting at Georgia Tech , Margeson used a laser pointer to identify objects she wanted El-E to deliver to her . Patients with different levels of mobility also can use head-mounted pointers or touch pads . El-E retrieved bottles of pills and a water bottle when Margeson pointed to them , but its claw could not get a proper grip on a cell phone . Like any young creature , however , the robot is designed to learn from its mistakes . "  In this case , it missed the object . It should try again actually , and it should recognize that it did n't succeed , " Kemp said . Formal studies have shown El-E to be an efficient worker . In 127 out of 134 trials  94.8 percent  , the robot successfully picked up the requested object . Kemp and his students have studied the work of service dogs to try to mimic the most useful assistive functions . And while El-E will never be the warm and loving companion that a German shepherd or a Labrador might be , there are efforts to make El-E interactive and at least somewhat anthropomorphic . When El-E is ready to work , it says : "  Waiting for laser command . " After the patient points at an object , the robot acknowledges , with the words , "  Detected laser pointer . " Patients can decide whether El-E should put the object on a table or put it directly in their hands . "  If you look at me , I will deliver to your hand , " says the robotic voice . Glass said that many ALS patients have , by necessity , learned to be tech savvy . "  For the most part , patients at this stage of the disease are used to dealing with technology , " he said . "  They 're used to dealing with motorized wheelchairs ; they are used to dealing with automatic speaking devices and computers . " But programming a robot to do "  human " things involves a lot of hardware and software . El-E is powered by a Mac Mini with the Ubuntu Linux operating system . "  It needs to have a laser to navigate and to find objects on the surface , " Kemp said . "  It needs to have this camera so it can know where to move its hand . It needs to have these four sensors so that it can know as it is moving how much to grip on the object , when to stop moving down , when to let go of the object when handing out the object to a person . " Kemp 's Web site , http://www.charliekemp.com/ , includes video that shows what El-E sees as it navigates across a room . Depending on funding , Kemp said he hopes home health care robots may be available in less than 10 years . By that time , El-E may have learned how to carry a plate of hot food from the microwave to the table and pick up a glass without breaking or spilling it .	Engineers at Georgia Tech are developing a health care robot for home use The robot can open doors and fetch items such as a bottle of pills or a cell phone Robots could assist patients with ALS , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease Such health care robots may be commercially available in less than 10 years
CNN  -- With a week to go before Election Day , most recent national polls show Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama with an advantage . But how much are they to be believed ? As Election Day gets closer , will the race tighten in the polls ? The most recent national CNN poll of polls showed Obama with an 8-point lead over Republican presidential nominee John McCain , 51 percent to 43 percent . The polls were conducted October 21 through October 26 . Most other national polls show Obama with a lead ranging between 5 points and double digits . A look at CNN polling during the same period before Election Day in 2000 and 2004 suggests that political observers and campaign supporters ought to be cautious in declaring the race over because of current polling numbers . See the latest state and national polls When a presidential race has a non-incumbent in the lead , like this year , the poll numbers tend to tighten as Election Day gets closer , CNN senior researcher Alan Silverleib said . "  Any time it looks like they are on the verge of voting somebody new into office , there is buyer 's remorse , " he said . "  Based on that , and the fact that the country has been so polarized in recent elections , there 's pretty good reason to think that the polls might tighten up a little bit . " Four years ago , a national CNN poll of polls released about a week before Election Day showed President Bush leading Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry by 3 points , 49 percent to 46 percent . The poll was released October 25 and reflected likely voters ' choice for president . Election Day was November 2 in 2004 . A national CNN poll of polls released November 1 showed Bush leading Kerry by 2 points , 48 percent to 46 percent . President Bush won by 3 percentage points , 51 percent to 48 percent . In 2000 , it was a bit of a different story . Election Day arrived November 7 that year . A CNN/USA Today/Gallup tracking poll conducted October 29 through October 31 showed Bush , then the Texas governor , leading Democratic Sen. Al Gore , 48 percent to 43 percent . The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points . A subsequent poll conducted November 2 through November 4 , released two days before the voters cast their ballots , showed the same results . Gore , however , ended up winning the popular vote by about 540,000 votes . When broken down by percentage , both candidates had about 48 percent of the popular vote . Bush won the Electoral College , and thereby the presidency , by 5 electoral votes . Two of the battleground states this year , as in many recent presidential elections , are Ohio and Florida . What did the polls say before Election Day in those states four years ago ? In Florida , a CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll conducted about a week before Election Day showed Bush leading Kerry 51 percent to 43 percent . The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points and was conducted October 21 through October 24 . Kerry caught up to Bush in the polls before Election Day and led by a single point , 48 percent to 47 percent , in a similar poll conducted October 28 through October 31 . The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percentage points . Bush won Florida by 5 percentage points in 2004 . In Ohio four years ago , a CNN/USA Today/Gallup poll showed Kerry leading Bush by a point -- 49 percent to 48 percent -- about two weeks before Election Day . The poll was conducted October 17 through October 20 and had margin of error of plus or minus 4 points . A week before November 7 , Election Day , a similar poll showed Kerry leading Bush 50 percent to 46 percent . The poll was conducted October 28 through October 31 , and the margin of error was plus or minus 3 percentage points . Bush won Ohio by 2 points in 2004 , 51 percent to 49 percent . Obama leads McCain in recent CNN poll of polls conducted in both states . In Florida , he leads McCain 49 percent to 45 percent . The polls were conducted October 23 through October 26 . In Ohio , Obama has an 8-point lead over McCain , 50 percent to 42 percent . The polls were conducted October 22 through October 27 . ` Buyer 's remorse ' in recent history There have been a few examples of such "  buyer 's remorse " in recent history , Silverleib said . "  We saw that with -LSB- Arkansas Gov. Bill -RSB- Clinton in 1992 , when the polls suddenly tightened up during the last week , " he said . "  It was almost like people saying , ` Do we really want this guy ? ' " They did . Clinton soundly defeated President George H.W. Bush , 43 percent to 37 percent . In another example , polls tightened during the 1968 presidential race between Republican Richard Nixon and Democrat Hubert Humphrey . Nixon led by double digits among registered voters in late September , according to a Gallup analysis published Monday . The lead dwindled to 8 points in a poll conducted October 17 through October 22 . By early November , Nixon was clinging to a 1-point lead . The poll was conducted October 29 through November 1 and surveyed likely voters , according to Gallup . Nixon won by less than 1 percentage point . "  Humphrey had all the momentum at the end , and there 's an open question there that had that election gone on for another week , Humphrey might very well had won , " Silverleib said . There is then the oft-cited example of Thomas Dewey and Harry Truman in 1948 . Polls predicted that Dewey would win , but Truman pulled off the upset . Silverleib , however , is reluctant to cite that race as illustrative of the accuracy of contemporary polls . "  People talk about Dewey and Truman , but they stopped polling a couple of weeks before the election , " he said , adding , "  polling then was n't nearly as refined a science as it is now . " However , in what might be a bit of sobering news for the McCain campaign , since 1956 , front-runners in late October lost the popular vote only twice after being ahead in the Gallup poll a week before Election Day , according to that polling organization 's analysis . Obama held a lead in both of Gallup 's likely voter tracking polls released Tuesday .	Obama leads by 8 points in most recent CNN national poll of polls Polls tend to tighten up as Election Day nears when a non-incumbent leads Election Tracker : See the latest state and national polls
After years spent fighting in some of the world 's worst wars , former U.S. Navy SEAL Kristin Beck says she knows what she wants . "  I want to have my life , " she told CNN 's "  AC360 . " "  I fought for 20 years for life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . I want some happiness . " Beck recently came out as transgender . She wrote about the experience in a book , "  Warrior Princess : A U.S. Navy SEAL 's Journey to Coming out Transgender . " Trapped in a man 's body As a man named Christopher Beck , she deployed as a SEAL 13 times , including operations in Bosnia , Afghanistan , Iraq and elsewhere . Along the way , Beck earned a Bronze Star and a Purple Heart . Identifying herself as a woman , Beck has felt trapped in the wrong body since grade school , but did n't come out until after leaving the military in 2011 . Doing so earlier would have been too big a risk because in the United States , transgender men and women are banned from military service . "  That 's a chance that -- if I took it -- I might be dead today , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper last year . The CNN Film , "  Lady Valor : The Kristin Beck Story , " offers a fascinating glimpse of Beck 's life . "  I just wanted to tell someone my story , " she says in the film . "  And maybe set an example for some of the younger generation -- just say that I 'm still a human being , and I deserve dignity and respect . " Beck says she deals with "  a lot of prejudice out there . There 's been a lot of transgender people who are killed for prejudice , for hatred . When the book came out -- some amazing support and some amazing praises -- but also some pretty amazing bigotry and hatred . " In the film , Beck talks candidly about how she reacts to prejudice . "  I just try to be friendly , and I just say ` Hi , how are you doing ? ' You know , ` Good to meet you . I was that Navy SEAL , you know , transgender , you might 've seen me on TV . ' And they go , ` Oh , oh wow . ' And then they realize that maybe trying to get into a fight with me would n't be a good idea . Maybe they should be nice . " Beck says she does n't need people to love , or even like , her . "  But I do n't want you to beat me up and kill me . You do n't have to like me , I do n't care . But please do n't kill me . " ` No one ever met the real me ' Beck explained her years of hiding as living like an onion . Deep down , under various layers , or skins , she hid her female persona . "  It is a constant , but as you suppress and as you bottle it up , it 's not like on that surface , " she told Cooper . "  You would never notice it because I can push it so deep , but then it does kinda , like , it gnaws at you . So it 's always there . " In the film , Beck pulls back the curtain on her unique childhood , when she used to pretend to be sick so she could stay home from school and indulge in her secret . "  I would put nail polish on . I could have , you know , a pair of my sister 's shoes on , " Beck said . "  It was like a reset , it was like a vacation for me . So I had my vacation away from Chris . " Beck believes she might have wanted to become a SEAL because they are "  the toughest of the tough . " She thought : "  I could totally make it go away if I could be at that top level . ... Maybe I could cure myself . " But the feeling of being born in the wrong body never went away . And for her entire military career , Beck kept her secret . She said virtually no one , out of the thousands of people she worked with , knew the truth -- it was so well hidden . "  No one ever met the real me , " she said . ` True brotherhood ' Though her identity was hidden , the rest of what Beck offered was true . "  I gave true brotherhood . I did my best , 150 % all the time , and I gave strength and honor and my full brotherhood to every military person I ever worked with . " Beck married a woman and had children . "  I was just trying to fit in to the stereotype American dream , exactly what my parents and everyone expected of me , " Beck says in the film . "  I met someone who 's -- who 's awesome , you know , we got along good . " Beck chose to reveal the secret to her wife slowly , to "  see what the acceptance level " was . "  She was n't totally digging it . So she had no idea what she was getting into . Definitely was n't the top on her list of things that she wanted , so it hurt . " As much of mainstream America learns more about what it means to be transgender , Beck says even she is still trying to figure out some aspects for herself . "  It took me a long time to get to this point where I 'm comfortable living in my own skin , " she says . "  I 'm very comfortable living the way I 'm living right now , because it 's natural to me now , and I 've never had that . " What she seems sure of is , "  I 'm not a gay man , I 'm not a drag queen , I am not maybe total dude , and I 'm not total feminine , I 'm not totally female , " Beck said . "  I think I 'm living more in that gray world . "	Kristin Beck served as a Navy SEAL for more than 20 years Then named Chris Beck , she deployed in Iraq , Afghanistan and Africa Beck retired in 2011 and has since come out as transgender "  No one ever met the real me , " she says
CNN  -- PayPal has backed off an online spat with humor blog Regretsy after getting withering Web feedback for shutting down a drive to buy holiday gifts for children in need . And the online payments service is even chipping in to help buy a few more gifts after temporarily shutting down the Secret Santa fund because the for-profit site was running it . "  W  e can confirm that the funds have been released and we are working directly with the account holder on this matter , " a PayPal representative said via e-mail . "  We are also making a donation to Regretsy to help families in need this holiday season . We 're very sorry this occurred . " Run by actress-comedian April Winchell , Regretsy is a snarky blog created primarily to mock what it considers awkward , ugly or otherwise head-turning offerings on the arts-and-crafts site Etsy . But , perhaps in a bid for some good karma , the site maintains a charity fund that has given money to causes from breast-cancer research to Etsy community members in need . Last month , Winchell , who uses the pen name "  Helen Killer " on the blog , put out a call for community members who knew of children at risk of not getting gifts this Christmas . On December 1 , she announced that 200 children had been approved and put out a call for donations -- one that she wrote raised thousands of dollars in a few hours . "  You people make me sick , " she wrote , mocking , as she frequently does , the tone some Etsy users take when they find their work has been featured on Regretsy . "  Funded . Overfunded , in fact . In just a few hours . We now have enough money to make gifts to the families , as well as these kids . Good job a -- holes . " Then came the trouble . On Monday , Winchell wrote that PayPal , which was processing the donations , shut down the drive because she had used a "  Donate " button that she learned is only for nonprofit groups . She said she had a "  very long and jaw-dropping conversation with an incredibly condescending representative , " who told her she had to refund donations . She wrote she hatched a plan to return the donations , then "  sell " the toys that had already been purchased to the donors , only to be told that , too , violated PayPal rules . PayPal said it has clear guidelines for any business that uses the service to collect donations .  The statement did not directly address whether Regretsy had violated those guidelines , saying it ca n't comment directly on accounts due to privacy policies  . The representative said such guidelines are required by law . "  We appreciate that this can be an inconvenience , but we have a responsibility to all our customers -- both donors and recipients ; or buyers and sellers , " the PayPal rep said . "  In this instance , we recognized our error and moved as swiftly as possible to fix it . " In a post Tuesday afternoon , Winchell thanked her supporters . "  I would also like to say that I did not expect this kind of global outpouring of support , and I truly believe that had you not all made your voices heard , no one from Paypal would have ever felt compelled to make this right , " she wrote , noting that "  Regretsy " had become a top trending topic on Twitter . "  There is no real support or appreciation for the consumer anymore . The customer is always wrong . "  I am extremely grateful to all of you for your efforts . If Paypal is sincere about allowing us to make these gifts , you will have made a difference for 200 children and their families this holiday season . " In an email later Tuesday to CNN , Winchell said she 'd had an "  encouraging " conversation with PayPal and that they were still discussing a donation to the fund . After responding to a CNN request , PayPal 's blog was updated with a post with the same statement , attributed to Anuj Nayar , director of communications .	PayPal backs off Secret Santa dispute with blog Regretsy Regretsy 's founder says PayPal shut down a fund-raiser PayPal said it will now donate to the fund and issue has been resolved Regretsy mocks offerings on crafts site Etsy but also gives to charities
Hillary Clinton used an appearance in Ottawa , Ontario , on Monday to talk up the work she did to combat "  violent extremism " during her time as secretary of state . "  We took decisive action against the threat of violent extremism , " Clinton said of her four years as America 's top diplomat , "  certainly most practically from Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda 's syndicate of terror . " The line is new for Clinton and comes at a time that some have raised questions whether the Obama administration underestimated ISIS , a terrorist group that has swept into power in areas of Syria and Iraq . President Barack Obama decided during his first term not to help train and arm rebels in Syria , despite urging from Clinton and other top advisers . In hindsight , some of those advisers say not arming Syrian rebels helped lead to the rise of ISIS . Last month , Obama authorized airstrikes against the terrorist group and training for Syrian rebels . The United States was joined by a coalition of countries , including Arab states , and Clinton backed the action . On Monday , the former secretary of state called dealing with ISIS a "  long-term struggle " in which military action is essential . The former first lady also refused to call the group by the name it calls itself : the Islamic State . "  Whether you call them ISIS or ISIL , I refuse to call them the Islamic State , because they are neither Islamic or a state , " Clinton said . "  Whatever you call them , I think we can agree that the threat is real . " Clinton justified military action against ISIS , but not against other terrorist groups , because ISIS ' "  kind of jihadist extremism is expansionary . " "  They believe that it is part of their mission to launch attacks , to infiltrate through foreign fighters into Western societies , " Clinton said . "  If that were not the case , then we could have a different debate . I think the evidence is convincing , at least to me , that this is a group that will try to pick up where al Qaeda in Afghanistan left off . " Clinton later argued that groups like Al-Shabaab or Boko Haram "  have not yet evidenced a commitment to expanding their reach the way that this ISIL group has . So , therefore , I think military action is critical . " But military action is "  not sufficient alone . " "  There has to be more , " Clinton said . "  You have to combat them on social media , you have to do more to enlist Arab support ... to demonstrate this is not some sort of an American/Western effort and it involves significant Arab participation . " ISIS has quickly gained sizable attention outside the Middle East because it has beheaded a number of Western aid workers and journalists . Clinton touted what the Obama administration did to stop al Qaeda in Afghanistan . "  What we were able to do at great cost , " Clinton said , "  was to ferret out and decapitate the leadership of al Qaeda ,  which  severely undermined their capacity , as an organization , continues to threaten the West . "	In Canada appearance , Hillary Clinton touts her work to fight "  violent extremism " The new line comes as some question the Obama administration 's ISIS response Clinton calls military action against ISIS "  essential " but "  not sufficient alone "
CNN  -- Do you believe in second chances ? It would appear that those wearing the green and white of Celtic do . Having been handed a brutal beating by Polish side Legia Warsaw in the third qualifying round of the Champions League , Celtic 's European adventure appeared to be over before it had started . A 4-1 defeat in the Polish capital was followed by a 2-0 home defeat -- a result which should have sent Legia through to the playoff stage . Except it did n't . Instead , UEFA , the game 's European governing body , was called in to rule over claims Legia had fielded an ineligible player during the tie . Bartosz Bereszynski , who entered the action with two minutes of the second leg remaining , was supposed to be serving a ban . It was his presence on the field which meant UEFA awarded the game to Celtic 3-0 , making it 4-4 on aggregate and allowing the Scottish champion to progress on away goals . While Legia protested , even taking their failed case to CAS , the Court for the Arbitration of Sport , Celtic ensured it made the most of it fortune . A game against Slovenian champion Maribor was Celtic 's reward with the opportunity to play some of European football 's biggest names the prize . Celtic , which won the European Cup in 1967 , took the lead within six minutes of the kickoff when Callum McGregor fired home from close range after Jo Inge Berget 's effort was diverted into his path . Maribor , which last reached the group stage of the tournament in 1999 , overcame Maccabi Tel Aviv 3-2 on aggregate in the previous round . And it soon carved Celtic open to claim a deserved equalizer when Damjar Bohar ran through to slot the ball past the onrushing Craig Gordon . Both teams had opportunities to win the game with Charlie Mulgrew and Virgil van Dijk going close for the visitors , while Tavares ' rasping effort flew just over the crossbar for Maribor . The two will meet again next Tuesday with Celtic now the firm favorite to progress following the 1-1 draw . Elsewhere , Porto , the 2004 champion , gained an impressive 1-0 win at French side Lille . Hector Herrera 's 61st minute strike was enough to give Porto a slender advantage going into next week 's second leg . In Belgium , Oleg Shatov scored the only goal of the game as Zenit St Petersburg recorded a 1-0 away win at Standard Liege . In the night 's other games , Slovan Bratislava drew 1-1 with BATE Borisov , while Aalborg and Apoel finished 1-1 .	Celtic held 1-1 by Slovenian side Maribor in Champions League playoff Scottish champion will host second leg next Wednesday Celtic qualified after Legia Warsaw was thrown out of competition Porto claims 1-0 win at Lille
CNN  -- Democrats hoping the capture of Ahmed Abu Khatallah will bring some kind of closure to the Benghazi issue are sorely mistaken . In fact , in terms of policy , events surrounding his arrest only highlight the awful legacy of the Libyan venture -- when NATO assisted the rebels and helped remove the dictator from power in 2011 . Democracy did not spring up after strongman Moammar Gadhafi was deposed , captured and killed in 2011 , but instead a tyranny was replaced with an anarchy . There were an estimated 1,700 armed groups left fighting for control of the country and it became , in the words of some security analysts , "  an arms bazaar . " Moreover , the attacks upon the U.S. mission in Benghazi in 2012 , which led to the deaths of four U.S. citizens , raised questions about the Obama administration 's competence and challenged the idea that the war on terror had brought greater security to the United States . It is doubtful that seizing Abu Khattalah , accused of masterminding the attack , will allay fears . The Libyan government , such as it is , denies that it gave permission to seize Abu Khattalah and is apparently angry that it happened -- as well it might be . The incident suggests that a  the United States retains some form of military presence in Libya and b  it is quite happy to carry out extraordinary rendition with a minimum of good diplomatic manners . Abu Khattalah was reportedly carried away to face justice in a naval ship . Why ? Perhaps partly because it 's difficult to find any countries left in the region who might be willing to help with a transfer by air . While Obama flexes America 's muscles in Libya , the United States ' regional sway is in sharp decline from the heady days of his "  New Beginning " tour in 2009 . The Arab world is in crisis : Bashar al Assad fights on in Syria , Egypt 's path to democracy is proving long and tricky , Iraq is descending into sectarian conflict . And the past few days have witnessed the near farcical prospect of the United States and Iran being allied in Iraq . It should be noted that the Iran turnaround has caused some Republicans to make some extraordinary shifts in their own position . Last year , Republican hawk Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina wanted to grant the authority to declare war on Tehran . Now he 's talking solemnly of the need to ally with the Iranians as the West once did with Stalin . Opinion : Why U.S. raid in Libya is a sign of hope As for Hillary Clinton , this will be no quick fix for her problems either . Criticisms of her role in Benghazi while she was secretary of state range from charges that her department engaged in a cover-up to the rather more vague "  lack of leadership ; " there is also the cruel insinuation that she just does n't care , based upon a misinterpretation of her question "  What difference at this point does it make ? " regarding the killers ' motives . Clinton might have hoped that capturing Abu Khattalah would prove that justice can still be done when it comes to Benghazi , but it 's difficult to see how it would address the essential question of the adequacy of the administration 's response . The reason Benghazi is controversial has less to do with how difficult it has been to catch the perpetrators than with lingering suspicions that the administration did not act quickly enough and tried to deflect criticism by blaming the whole thing on a badly made , anti-Islamic video . Benghazi is raw with emotion , as was obvious when Pat Smith , the mother of one of the victims , demanded answers through Clinton via CNN . Of course , Benghazi is a deeply personal and specific issue for Smith . But for many Americans , particularly those on the right , it goes to the heart of an alleged carelessness in Obama 's foreign policy . He could just as easily be criticized for the thousands of drone attacks he has ordered or the invisible red lines that he drew in Syria and then forgot about . But those decisions largely affected foreign citizens , whereas Benghazi is a tale of all-American heroes being let down by the incompetence of their own side . To conservatives , it 's nothing less than a case of martyrdom . It could be Obama and Clinton 's Iran/Contra : the scandal that comes to define everything morally murky or simply inept about their time in office .	Timothy Stanley : Capture of terror suspect does n't blunt Benghazi issue for Obama He says it highlights the anarchy left behind after U.S. helped unseat strongman Gadhafi He says for many Americans Benghazi is emblem of Obama 's careless foreign policy Stanley : If Hillary Clinton thinks Benghazi issue behind her , she does n't get its political saliency
CNN  -- Dear park visitors , Please do n't take selfies with bears . It 's stupid . Love , the U.S Forest Service That pretty much sums up a warning issued recently by wildlife officials at Taylor Creek Visitor Center in South Lake Tahoe , California . "  Bears are unpredictable , wild animals and may attack if threatened , " Forest Supervisor Nancy Gibson said in a statement . "  We ca n't have visitors creating dangerous situations for themselves and others . People are risking serious injury or death if they get too close to a bear . " And if you do n't care about your own health , at least consider the bears . If one attacked , officials would have to capture and kill it . Black bears tend to swarm Taylor Creek this time of year thanks to an annual run of kokanee salmon , according to Mother Nature Network . And Taylor Creek staff say they are "  routinely " seeing people getting friendly with the animals in an effort to update their Instagram feed . If park visitors continue to ignore instructions and venture too close to the bears to take photos and videos , Taylor Creek may be closed to the public , the Forest Service said . But as these photos show , Taylor Creek is n't the only place people are taking #bearselfies :	U.S. Forest Service says visitors are getting too close to bears to take photos , videos Black bears swarm Taylor Creek in South Lake Tahoe , California , this time of year If the #bearselfie trend continues , wildlife officials may have to close Taylor Creek
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Under heavy criticism for a telling cell phone carriers to ban certain words in text messages , the Pakistan Telecommunication Authority went into damage control mode Wednesday . PTA spokesman Mohammed Younis Wednesday denied the existence of the plan , which has met with derision from mobile phone users in the country . "  If at all we finally decide to go for this process , then we will prepare a list in consultation with the mobile operators , " Younis told CNN . In another conversation with CNN two days earlier , however , Younis acknowledged that the telecommunications authority had sent out a notice to carriers -- but said that the agency was giving the operators more time to come up with a shorter list . Earlier this week , three carriers -- Mobilink , Warid and Telenor -- received the notice , officials there confirmed . In it , the PTA , which regulates cell phone and internet carriers in Pakistan , called on them to implement the ban within seven days . This would mean blocking text messages containing the offending words . Most of the 1,500 banned words were deemed sexually explicit or obscene by the PTA , the officials said . The words include "  taxi " -- often used to refer to prostitutes in Pakistan -- "  gay , " "  tongue , " "  homosexual , " "  intercourse , " "  condom " and "  hole . " CNN has obtained a copy of the list . In the notice , which is available online , the PTA cited a law that bans the transmission of indecent and obscene messages . The notice says the banned words are part of an effort to cut down on spam and unsolicited text messages , the officials said . Last month , the PTA banned thousands of websites containing pornography . But the latest about face on text messages appears to mean the PTA will not act on the notice -- at least , any time soon .	Pakistan tells phone companies to block 1,500 words from text messages Cell phone users respond with derision The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority sends mixed messages on its plan The banned words list includes terms related to sex and prostitution
CNN  -- The American Embassy in Yemen was the target of a mortar attack Tuesday , the U.S. State Department said , contradicting a suggestion from the Yemeni government the attack targeted a school where 13 were injured . "  Our conversations in Yemen have led us to the conclusion that the attack was directed against our embassy , " according to a statement released Tuesday evening . "  Since this is an ongoing investigation , we are not going to talk about the specifics of the case . " Earlier , a source with knowledge of the circumstances surrounding Tuesday 's mortar attack in the capital city of San ' a -- but unauthorized to speak on the record -- told CNN there was a "  clear and strong indication " the U.S. embassy was targeted . "  My strong belief is that there is almost no doubt this is an effort directed at the U.S. embassy , " the source said . The Yemeni government said the attack Tuesday -- which injured 13 students , three critically , at the Seventh of July school for girls , near the embassy -- could have stemmed from a personal dispute involving the school 's headmistress . Yemen 's ambassador to the United States , Abdulwahab Abdulla al-Hajjri , said the attack was "  a private dispute . " "  The target was someone inside the school , " al-Hajjri said . "  It had nothing to do with the U.S. Embassy . The U.S. Embassy was not a target . " However , CNN 's source said the Yemeni government is calling this a private dispute to "  distract us " from their security "  failure . " The source said Yemeni investigators are also looking at this as a terrorist attack and are "  energetically pursuing that line of thought . That reflects the seriousness in which they approach it . " The source indicated the Yemeni government "  does not have anyone in custody " but "  they are looking for someone . " Yemeni soldiers guarding the embassy were hurt in the attack . The U.S. Embassy will be closed Wednesday . Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh condemned the attack and offered rewards to anyone who assists in the investigation , according to Saba , Yemen 's official news agency . The San ' a city council called the incident "  a horrible terrorist work " and said "  the attack goes against Islamic teachings and cultural values ; and no one would do such a thing except those who have weak souls , " Saba reported . E-mail to a friend	U.S. officials say embassy likely was target of attack Three mortar rounds explode at school near embassy in San ' a 13 students injured , three of them critically , officials say Yemeni official says target was not embassy , but someone in the school
CNN  -- It may take days or even weeks to find a venomous Egyptian cobra that has gone missing from New York 's Bronx Zoo , officials say . But staffers hold out hope that the 20-inch , pencil-thin snake is hiding out somewhere in the zoo 's reptile house and will surface when her "  comfort level rises . " "  Our best strategy is patience , allowing her time to come out of hiding , " said zoo director Jim Breheny . "  We understand the interest in this story and that everyone wants us to find the missing snake . Right now , it 's the snake 's game , " Breheny said in a statement posted on the zoo 's website Monday . The zoo learned the adolescent Egyptian cobra was missing from an off-exhibit enclosure Saturday . Staff members closed and secured the reptile house . Daily sweeps continue . The zoo director said he is confident the snake will begin to move around the building to seek food and water once she feels completely secure . The Bronx Zoo case is reminiscent of an incident at Zoo Atlanta last year when a tiger rattlesnake went missing . Zoo officials believed the snake was hiding somewhere in the reptile house . But it was found two days later in the front porch of a neighborhood house where the homeowner had clubbed it to death -- unaware that it had escaped from the zoo . The Egyptian cobra is most commonly found in North Africa . Its venom is so deadly that it can kill a full-grown elephant in three hours -- or a person in about 15 minutes , according to wildlife experts . The venom destroys nerve tissue and causes paralysis and death due to respiratory failure . Scholars believe the Egyptian cobra was known in ancient times as the asp . Legend has it that Cleopatra , the ancient Egyptian queen , used an asp to commit suicide . While zoo personnel continue their search , someone has set up a cheeky Twitter account to chronicle the snake 's fictitious adventures as she apparently explores New York City . In 11 hours since it was created Monday , the @BronxZoosCobra had collected more than 20,000 followers with tweets such as , "  Leaving Wall Street . These guys make my skin crawl . "	Officials hope the snake will surface when her comfort level rises Staffers believe it is still in the reptile building The case is similar one at the Atlanta Zoo last year A Twitter account chronicling the fictitious adventures of the snake has been created
New York  CNN  -- The announcement that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other men accused of the 9/11 attacks will soon be moved to New York to face trial in a federal court will be welcomed by some Americans as finally starting the process of bringing the perpetrators of these attacks to justice . To date , not one person has been convicted for the attacks . But it also will be a reminder that their boss , the man most responsible for killing 3,000 civilians -- the majority of them Americans but many from all around the world -- is still at large . President Obama has stated that it is vitally important for the country to put some of the controversial policies of the last eight years behind it . While the forthcoming trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and several figures allegedly involved in plotting the 9/11 attacks in New York will be helpful , nothing would help more than if Osama bin Laden were captured , afforded full due process and put on trial . It would be nothing short of a watershed moment , doing much to restore the public 's confidence in American institutions and the rule of law after years of being told that they were too quaint for the challenges of a new era . And it would go a long way , too , in restoring the moral high ground for the United States in the court of global opinion . An indictment dating back to 1998 awaits al Qaeda 's leader in the Southern District Federal Court of New York , which can be easily updated by a grand jury to include his crimes since . This is where Mohammed and four others accused of the 9/11 attacks are also expected to be tried . Less than a mile from ground zero , there could be no more appropriate place to try bin Laden . There is virtually no chance that bin Laden would walk free from a U.S. courtroom as there are at least three separate video recordings of him acknowledging responsibility for the 9/11 attacks . What 's more , the U.S. government , thanks to cooperation agreements struck at the end of previous trials , already has at least three former al Qaeda insiders lined up , including the former Egyptian al Qaeda operative Ali Mohammed , to provide testimony about bin Laden 's hands-on involvement in the 1998 African Embassy Bombings . A trial for bin Laden in federal court would be somewhat less problematic for prosecutors than for some of the high value detainees now being held in Guantanamo . No "  enhanced interrogation techniques " have been employed on al Qaeda 's leader . Capturing bin Laden will , of course , not be easy . There has been no meaningful intelligence on his location since he escaped from Tora Bora in December 2001 . And bin Laden , believed now to be somewhere in the mountains between Afghanistan and Pakistan , will likely do everything he can to avoid being taken into custody . "  According to our security arrangements , if enemy forces surrounded Sheikh Osama and there was a possibility that he would escape , I was to kill him before they could catch him alive . ... I constantly stood behind his back around the clock , " Abu Jandal , bin Laden 's chief bodyguard until 2000 , later revealed . Despite this , the Obama administration would be well advised to put its emphasis on capturing bin Laden alive , such would be the benefits of a public trial . The Obama administration will feel obliged to target al Qaeda 's leader with a Predator strike if there is a narrow window of opportunity -- no other individual inspires and unifies al Qaeda like he does , and few have been as slippery -- but if intelligence suggests bin Laden has been living for some time in a particular location , real consideration should be given to sending in a Special Forces team to take him alive . The Bush administration , while often repeating the mantra of needing to "  capture or kill " al Qaeda 's leader , in practice leaned heavily toward the latter . The leader of the Delta Force team charged with tracking down bin Laden at Tora Bora later recalled , "  We knew the writing on the wall was really to kill him . No one wanted to bring Osama bin Laden back to stand trial in the United States somewhere . " Those in favor of quietly killing al Qaeda 's leader have argued that a public trial would be dangerous because it would provide bin Laden with a global platform for his views and unleash a wave of terrorist attacks and kidnappings by his comrades in efforts to release him . These are concerns that can not be dismissed lightly . In a federal trial , bin Laden would have the right to defend himself and the media frenzy over proceedings would likely dwarf even that of the O.J. Simpson trial . In the past there has been a link to the imprisonment of individuals beloved of al Qaeda and terrorist violence . As CNN analyst Peter Bergen documented in "  The Osama bin Laden I Know , " the 1993 arrest , trial and imprisonment in the United States of Omar Abdel Rahman  aka the Blind Sheikh  , was a central motivating factor for al Qaeda 's terrorist campaign thereafter . In deciding to try Mohammed in New York , the Obama administration has clearly decided that the benefits of public trials for high profile terrorism suspects outweigh such dangers . Joshua Dratel , a defense lawyer who has represented clients in several of the most high profile terrorism trials in the United States , says , "  So what if bin Laden were to articulate his views in court ? " Says Dratel , "  He already has a global audience every time he puts out his recordings , but this time the platform would in reality belong to the United States . " Those familiar with those recordings  which have rarely been aired in full by mainstream media outlets  can attest to the fact that bin Laden 's rambling speaking style , his shallow knowledge of Islam and his often twisted logic are unlikely to make his courtroom pronouncements resonate with those who are not already fervent admirers . That will particularly be the case if his public defense follows a full documenting by the prosecution of the human suffering he has orchestrated over the years , evidence which should prove devastating to those who still deny bin Laden 's culpability . "  The vast majority of people in the Muslim world have rejected bin Laden 's calls for attacks on civilians , " says Yosri Fouda , a leading Egyptian television presenter , "  and nothing bin Laden could say during a trial could change that . " Would bin Laden 's capture lead to a spike of attacks against American interests ? This is possible to some degree but al Qaeda can hardly be accused of having shown any restraint whatsoever in targeting Americans since it declared global jihad in 1998 . Conversely , convicting bin Laden could -- in the medium term -- lead to a steep drop in al Qaeda violence . While martyrdom would seal bin Laden 's status in the jihadist movement , capture would seriously deflate it . Abu Jandal , bin Laden 's bodyguard put it this way : "  In the case of his death , I think he will be a symbol for all those who follow him ... . His death will be a great force for stirring up everybody 's emotions and enthusiasm to follow him on the path to martyrdom . In the case of his arrest , the situation might be a bit different . It might lead to a strong psychological defeat for the group 's members . " A trial for bin Laden , undertaken with due process , would not only help the United States take back the moral high ground in the court of global opinion , it would also serve as a powerful counterpoint to the indiscriminate barbarism of bin Laden 's terrorist campaign . The affording of due process , even of the worst of enemies is line with the best instincts of the American people . A month after 9/11 , when emotions were at their most raw , an Ipsos poll showed that nearly as many Americans said they wanted bin Laden tried  42 percent  as said they wanted him instead killed  49 percent  . There has been no comparable poll since , but given Americans voted overwhelmingly for a president who vowed to shut down Guantanamo , it would not be farfetched to suggest that the number favoring a trial for bin Laden has substantially increased . At the National Archives in May , President Obama made a keynote speech on national security and detention . "  Wherever feasible , we will try those who have violated American criminal laws in federal courts -- courts provided for by the United States Constitution . Some have derided our federal courts as incapable of handling the trial of terrorists . They are wrong . Our courts and juries , our citizens , are tough enough to convict terrorists , " he said . A trial for bin Laden , if he can be captured , is not just feasible , but at this juncture in American history would be invaluable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Cruickshank .	Alleged 9/11 conspirators are to be put on trial in New York Cruickshank says Obama should put emphasis on capturing bin Laden for trial He says a trial would allow U.S. to show evidence of harm done by bin Laden Cruickshank : Trial of bin Laden would show strength of U.S. institutions
Washington  CNN  -- Long before people posted their thoughts and feelings on social networking sites like Twitter and Facebook , millions of people were doing just that on a different sort of wall . It might have been something as simple as a baseball , a playing card or a walking stick . Or perhaps a more personal item , like a poem , photograph or diploma . And then there 's the occasional letter , like the one dated November 18 , 1989 , that began : Dear Sir , For twenty two years , I have carried your picture in my wallet . I was only eighteen years old that day that we faced each other on that trail in Chu Lai , Vietnam . Why you did not take my life , I will never know . ... These are among the more than 100,000 objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on the National Mall . Since its dedication in 1982 , nearly 4 million people a year have visited the memorial 's polished black granite wall , many to leave a personal item or note in memory of the more than 58,000 people whose names are engraved there . No one is sure who started the custom of leaving items at the wall , curator Duery Felton said . The first items began showing up even before construction on the memorial was complete . A park ranger started collecting the items , thinking people might come back for them someday . By 1986 , as the objects continued to pile up , the National Park Service decided to establish an official collection . Thus was born the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Collection . The items are catalogued 12 miles away at the Museum and Archaeological Regional Storage facility in Maryland . Though it 's not open to the public , traveling collections are often on display at museums both in the United States and abroad , Felton said . "  You had , for the first time that we 've been able to ascertain , people coming to a public site for a protracted period and leaving unsolicited objects , " Felton said . There is seemingly no limit to the types of artifacts that are part of the collection , from G.I. Joe action figures to crutches , dog tags , combat boots -- even a motorcycle . On any given day , the wall might be adorned with artwork , prayers , a diploma marking a missed milestone or a picture of a young child born too late for a loved one to meet . Occasionally , a note accompanies an item , but most times an object 's meaning is left to interpretation . Felton , a Vietnam veteran himself , says he 's wary of making assumptions about an item 's meaning . Many may seem like ordinary objects , but often they hold deeper significance to either the donor or one being remembered . Felton likes to use a bag of M&M s to make his point . The candy , which gained popularity among World War II soldiers looking for a chocolate treat that would n't melt , may have been left at the wall because it was a loved one 's favorite , he says . More likely , though , it had something to do with the little-known fact that military doctors used M&M s as placebos for injured soldiers when no aspirin was available . "  I look at us as being voyeurs in many ways , because we do n't know the full story , " he said . "  Outside of donor information , I ca n't tell you why -LSB- an -RSB- item was left . " On a more comprehensive scale , the collection serves as a record of social history , he said . The egalitarian nature of the memorial and the unprecedented public outrage that resulted from the controversial war are not unrelated , Felton said . "  This is a study . This is tangible evidence of a major epoch on the psyche of the American public , " Felton said . "  For all intents and purposes , this collection is being curated by the public . ... It 's uncensored . " And as Vietnam veterans age , it even more important to preserve these artifacts for future generations , he said . "  Almost 60 percent of today 's population was not alive during Vietnam , " he said . "  You ca n't tell where you are until you understand where you 've been . ... We 're preserving the past for the future . "	More than 100,000 objects have been left at Vietnam Veterans Memorial As objects piled up , National Park Service established official collection Traveling collections often on display at museums in U.S. and abroad
Los Angeles  CNN  -- AEG Live considered "  pulling the plug " on Michael Jackson 's comeback concerts 11 days before the pop icon died , the show 's choreographer testified Tuesday . Travis Payne , who worked closely with Michael Jackson in his final days , earlier testified that in Jackson 's last rehearsals before his death , he was "  not at show standards but he was rehearsing , he was processing . " Payne was called as a witness by AEG Live to counter Jackson witnesses who testified in the ongoing wrongful death trial that Michael Jackson was emaciated , paranoid and so ill they feared for his life as rehearsals continued until shortly before his death on June 25 , 2009 . The trial , in which Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live is liable in his death , is in its third week in a Los Angeles courtroom . The lawsuit accuses the concert promoter of negligently hiring Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in Jackson 's death . The Jacksons contend AEG Live executives ignored warning signs , including Jackson 's weight loss , because they did not want to delay the premiere of the "  This Is It " concerts set for July 2009 . Witness : ` Everybody was lying ' after Michael Jackson died ` Pulling the plug ' on comeback "  It was ` We 've got to get this together or the plug may be pulled , ' " Payne testified under cross examination by a Jackson lawyer Tuesday . Jackson was having trouble learning some of his dances in the final weeks , he said . The jury saw an e-mail from show director Kenny Ortega saying Jackson had "  been slow at grabbing hold of the work . " He also asked that a teleprompter be placed near the stage to help him remember song lyrics , something Jackson had never used before during a concert , he said . An e-mail written by "  This Is It " band director Michael Bearden to Ortega 11 days before Jackson 's death was displayed in court . "  MJ is not in shape enough yet to sing this stuff live and dance at the same time , " Bearden wrote . "  He can use the ballads to sing live and get his stamina back up , Once he 's healthy enough and have more strength I have full confidence he can sing the majority of the show live . His voice sounds amazing right now , he needs to build it back up . I still need all big dance numbers to be in the system so we can concentrate on choreography . " But Ortega sent Jackson home without performing at the next rehearsal three days later because he was ill . "  I do n't have a dog in this race , so I do n't want to be painted as a guy who 's trying to mask anything , " Payne said when Jackson lawyer Brian Panish suggested he was downplaying concerns about Jackson 's health in the days before he died . "  Mr. Jackson just explained to me that he had trouble sleeping , that he was tired , and that satisfied me , " Payne testified . Witness : Jackson was paranoid , talking to himself in last days He told Jackson , "  You 're looking thin , " and Jackson responded , "  Well , I 'm getting down to my fighting weight , " according to Payne , who added , "  I did n't have a reason to doubt him . " "  Sometimes in rehearsal Michael would appear a little loopy , under the influence of something , but mostly when he would come to the rehearsals from the dermatologist , " Payne testified . That happened two to four times in the weeks before his death , he said . "  Michael was undergoing personal cosmetic procedures , so he could feel great and do a good job , " Payne said . Medical records showed Jackson visited his Beverly Hills dermatologist nearly two dozen times in the two months before his death , receiving injections of the powerful painkiller Demerol . "  Sometimes he was tired and lethargic and had to be , not convinced , but supported throughout rehearsals , " Payne said . Payne , though , said Jackson 's rehearsals the last two nights were "  impressive " when he "  was able to do chunks of the show . " "  He was not at show standards , but he was rehearsing , he was processing , " he said . "  I did n't expect him to be as if he was in front of a crowd . The last two days were pretty good . " Was he ready to perform for an audience ? Panish asked . "  I thought he was on his way to the goals he had set for himself , " Payne answered . "  All I saw was improvement and getting closer to the goals . " One of those goals was for Jackson to be able to sing all of his songs , while dancing , without the aid of pre-recorded tracks , Payne testified Monday . Jackson had relied on recorded vocal tracks in previous tours , but he did n't want to use them in London , he said . Days before death : ` God keeps talking to me ' Michael 's kids : Enlightened and loyal Payne was often inside Jackson 's home rehearsing with him during his final weeks . He got an intimate view of what he called "  the beauty " of Jackson 's relationship with his three children . Payne saw "  their loyalty to their father " and their father "  enlightened them and taught them , " he testified . "  I was very proud to see Michael as such a loving father . " His description of the close relationship Paris , 15 , and Prince , 16 , had with their father four years ago could foreshadow the significance of the children 's testimony later in the trial . Paris , who was 11 at the time , was "  a very retentive young lady who was very , very smart , very astute , " Payne testified . "  She had full knowledge of the day-to-day operations , from the time of lunch and what it was going to be , she was hands on -- far beyond her age , " he said . "  She had a lot of responsibility , which I think she welcomed . Autopsy reveals Jackson 's secrets Payne said she was "  the female of the house " and "  a daddy 's girl . " "  She really loved her father , " he said . "  At that time , she was coming to find out his global successes and presence , so she would wear her Michael Jackson T-shirt , headband and bag , " he said . It was Paris who would bless the food when they were having lunch with their father at home , he said . "  She was always the most vocal of the three children and was very concerned about many of the details of the house , was the temperature correct , what do you want to eat , " Payne testified . "  She just handled a lot for her young age . " Jackson 's relationship with son Prince , then 12 , was "  awesome , " Payne said . "  It was great to see how they interacted , " he said . "  Prince wants to be a director , so Michael would share conversations with him about that process and point out things during our rehearsals . " Blanket , who was 7 his father died , liked to watch his father rehearsing his dances with Payne in the basement studio of their home , Payne said . "  He was quiet , but always right there with his dad , " he said .	NEW : Jackson was having trouble learning dances , choreographer Travis Payne says NEW : "  It was ` We 've got to get this together or the plug may be pulled , ' " Payne says Payne testifies in the Jackson wrongful death trial Jackson was "  on his way to the goals he had set for himself " before his death , Payne says
What is Europe 's best music festival ? If images of Glastonbury 's muddy fields or the swaying crowds at Spain 's Benicassim come to mind , you 're wrong . The winner of the top prize at the last European Festival Awards was EXIT , a vibrant celebration of music tucked away in a corner of the old continent better known for historical turmoil than progressive techno beats -- Serbia . Hosted in a medieval fortress in Novi Sad , the country 's second city , EXIT Festival 's roster reads like a who 's who of popular music . International stars like The Prodigy have raved about its wild side , and Duran Duran 's bassist John Taylor called playing at Exit a career high . Last month , EXIT made more headlines after being named again as one of the nominees for this year 's Best Major European Festival Award -- more than 1.2 million people voted from over 30 countries , and the winner will be announced at a ceremony on January 14 . But what has grown into a major international event with more than 2.5 million visitors from 60 countries since its inception in 2000 , originally started as a student movement against Yugoslavia 's then president Slobodan Milosevic . His decade-long rule had seen the country embroiled in a bloody war and left isolated and impoverished . Youth in revolt "  The main purpose of EXIT in 2000 was to unite and motivate young people to take part in the democratic processes that were going on , and to basically overthrow the Milosevic regime , " says Dusan Kovacevic , EXIT 's co-founder and general manager . Heralded by a group of young activists like Kovacevic , who was 22 at the time , the inaugural festival lasted throughout the summer , with concerts , movie screenings and exhibitions . "  Basically , young people communicate mostly through music and culture , " says Kovacevic , "  and if you want to spread a very important social message , you need to communicate through that language . So , it was the best way to approach my generation and to animate them and explain what was happening to Serbia at that time , " he adds . Even the festival 's name had a strong social undertone , shortened from "  Exit out of ten years of madness " referring to the Milosevic years . After his government was overthrown , Kovacevic and his colleagues started approaching international artists to try to revive the country 's cosmopolitan spirit . "  EXIT 2001 had such an amazing energy because after a decade of darkness we put on the first international festival of that scale in the country , " he says . "  We did n't have very big names , but it was huge news that international artists were coming to Serbia . Everyone who came said they felt something different than concerts they usually play -- they said this was their best concert this year , many of them said it was the best concert of their life , " adds Kovacevic . Mainstream success Word spread on the global music circuit , and even more famous artists started coming to EXIT , bringing with them journalists and , gradually , foreign visitors . Apart from giving the country , which was then still haunted by a decade of war and sanctions , an image overhaul , the festival brought tangible benefits to the local economy . According to the Serbian government , Exit contributed more than $ 125 million to the country through tourism , and its PR value was estimated to be $ 87 million per year . In spite of its commercial success , a strong social message remains ingrained in the festival 's ethos . After the Balkans region was hit by devastating floods last May , EXIT rallied to raise $ 175,000 for victims with a party hosted by Grammy Award winning artist Jamiroquai at its spin-off Sea Dance event in Montenegro . As for next year 's edition , which will take place from July 9 to July 12  with tickets going on sale Friday  , EXIT organizers are planning a return to the festival 's roots : "  We want to evolve from a music festival to festival of creativity -- invite people from different creative industries to come because we feel that the experience of the festival is supposed to be bigger than just music , " says Kovacevic . "  Of course , music would be the main draw , but when people come to festivals they want to celebrate life , " he adds .	Serbia 's EXIT festival has been named Europe 's best music festival It started as a student protest against the Milosevic regime It soon developed into a major event hosting famous international artists Over 2.5 million people from 60 countries have visited Exit since 2000
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Divers found an eighth body Monday from the weekend collision of two aircraft over the Hudson River , leaving only one victim unaccounted for . Silvia Rigamonti , wife of one of the victims , walks with her son Davide Norelli in Bologna , Italy , on Monday . The man 's body was found inside the submerged Piper Saratoga PA-32 fixed-wing plane that was carrying three people when it collided Saturday with a tourist helicopter carrying six people , police said . It was not immediately possible to remove the body , police said . The plane wreckage and the body were found on a day in which police divers worked in water made treacherous by poor visibility and strong currents . All six bodies of the people who were aboard the helicopter were pulled from water up to 50 feet deep over the weekend . Another body from among the three people who were aboard the private plane was found Saturday floating near Pier 40 . Recovery operations were suspended late Monday afternoon and were to resume Tuesday morning , when the Army Corps of Engineers plans to lift the plane , police spokesman Paul Browne said . The victims aboard the helicopter included five tourists from Bologna , Italy , part of a group of 10 Bologna-area residents who were in New York to help a couple celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary , said Giovanni Castellaneta , Italy 's ambassador to the United States . See where the collision occurred " The celebrating husband and one of the couple 's sons were killed in the crash , but the wife skipped the sightseeing flight to go shopping , another son told Italian news media . The victims from Bologna were Michele Norelli , 51 ; Norelli 's son Filippo Norelli , 16 ; Fabio Gallazzi , 49 ; Gallazzi 's wife , Tiziana Pedroni , 44 ; and Gallazzi 's son , Giacomo Gallazzi , 15 . Michele Norelli 's wife , Silvia Rigamonti , decided to visit New York stores instead of seeing its sights from above , the couple 's eldest son , Davide Norelli , told Italian media . The Norellis were ecstatic to be spending their anniversary in New York , Davide Norelli told Stampa newspaper in Turin , Italy . "  They used to talk about their trip at dinner with enthusiasm , of their silver anniversary and how they were going to celebrate it together . My aunt gave them the trip as a gift , " the paper quotes Davide Norelli saying . Davide Norelli , 23 , also told Italian media that when he saw news of the crash on Saturday , he called his mother and was relieved at first because she answered . Then came the news that his father and brother died , which he had to relay to his 92-year-old paternal grandmother . The pilot of the helicopter -- a Eurocopter AS350 -- was Jeremy Clarke , 32 . He had worked for Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours for about 1 1/2 years and had logged 2,700 helicopter flight hours , Hersman said . Killed aboard the plane were the owner and pilot , Steven Altman , 60 , of Ambler , Pennsylvania ; his brother , Daniel Altman , 49 , of Dresher , Pennsylvania ; and Daniel Altman 's 16-year-old son , Douglas . The National Transportation Safety Board has begun to reconstruct what happened . The Piper took off from a Philadelphia-area airfield Saturday morning and landed at New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport before taking off again , this time bound for Ocean City , New Jersey . Watch why investigators are looking at the airspace " The Piper pilot spoke after takeoff with the Teterboro tower , which handed him off electronically to the Newark tower , NTSB Chairman Debbie Hersman told reporters . But the pilot never contacted the Newark tower , she said . Controllers lost contact with the plane at 11:53 a.m. , when it was at an altitude of about 1,100 feet , Hersman said . Watch why investigators are looking at the airspace " The helicopter was taking the five Italians on a 12-minute sightseeing tour around New York and had taken off from a heliport in midtown Manhattan shortly before the crash , Hersman said . Hersman called the area "  very complex airspace " near three major airports and a variety of other general aviation facilities . In an effort to determine just how complex , the Federal Aviation Administration found that , in each of the eight days prior to the crash , an average of 225 aircraft operated at or below 1,100 feet within a 3-mile radius of the accident site , she said . Below that altitude , aircraft can operate under visual flight regulations . The wreckage of the helicopter was pulled up Sunday , nearly intact , Hersman said on CNN 's "  American Morning " on Monday . Watch the NTSB official discuss the accident " Castellaneta said he had asked New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg to help speed the inquiry into what happened . Bloomberg , who is a pilot , likened the crowded air corridor where the accident happened to a highway . "  Nobody is ever going to make every road perfectly safe or every trip in your automobile , and the same thing is true when you fly , " he said . He added , "  Nothing we can say will bring them back , but our prayers are with them . " Investigators will focus on radio communications along the air corridor at the time of the crash and will examine any images contributed by the public . Neither aircraft was required to carry electronic data recorders -- often referred to as "  black boxes " -- that record cockpit voices and flight information on larger planes . But electronic navigational devices on board might retain information that could help investigators , Hersman said . Liberty Helicopter Sightseeing Tours , since 1995 , has had eight accidents and one "  incident , " after which the NTSB made a number of safety recommendations , Hersman said . "  I think the fact that we are here today shows there is a lot of work that still needs to be done , " she said . Saturday 's crash was the company 's first involving fatalities . Marcia Horowitz , a spokeswoman for the tour operator , said Liberty executives were working with investigators . "  The company is focusing its efforts on cooperating with the NTSB and giving as much information as it can , " Horowitz said . "  At this time , their priority is to help with the family of their pilot and , of course , the families that were involved in the accident . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Mary Snow and Hada Messia contributed to this report .	Body found Monday in submerged wreckage of plane Eight bodies now located after weekend plane-helicopter collision ; one missing Wife of Italian victim skipped helicopter flight to go shopping , son tells Italian media Helicopter wreckage recovered Sunday
CNN  -- Three crew members aboard a U.S. Navy helicopter that crashed in the Red Sea on Sunday were found alive and in stable condition , the Navy said . Two others remained missing . The MH-60S Knighthawk was operating with the guided-missile destroyer USS William P. Lawrence when it went down in the central Red Sea , which lies between Africa and the Arabian Peninsula . Search efforts are under way for the two remaining crew members . The cause of the crash is under investigation ; however , the Navy said it "  was not due to any sort of hostile activity . " Helicopter crashes outside Phoenix with no apparent survivors Four die in North Sea helicopter crash Five dead in Pennsylvania helicopter crash	Three crew members were found in stable condition The crash "  was not due to any sort of hostile activity , " Navy says
CNN  -- "  We are reaching the tipping point and the tipping point according to most scientists will be in less than 10 years . We do n't have much time , " says human rights and environmental campaigner , Bianca Jagger . At the Rio +20 Earth Summit , the former actress and model is hoping to speed up climate action by supporting "  Plant a Pledge , " a campaign to promote the Bonn Challenge -- a global initiative to restore 150 million hectares  an area almost three times the size of France  of degraded land by 2020 . "  It 's a project that will bring concrete and tangible change to people , to the environment and to the economy and will make a difference to the way we are tackling the issue of climate change , " says Jagger . The Bonn Challenge was launched in September last year with the aim of helping achieve the goals of the United Nations REDD + program and Target 15  there are 20 in total  of the Convention on Biological Diversity , which was signed by 150 governments at the first Rio Earth Summit in 1992 . Organized by the International Union for Conservation of Nature  IUCN  in association with European aerospace company , Airbus , "  Plant a Pledge " is urging governments , businesses and environmental experts to help create what is being billed as the world 's biggest restoration project . "  Just think about transforming a landscape that is barren to a landscape where you will be able to make the land fertile , where it can be sustainable , where agriculture can come back , where people can benefit , " she said . If fully implemented , the Bonn Challenge could inject more than $ 80 billion into local and global economies , according to the IUCN . It could also cut the emission reductions gap by up to 17 % , the IUCN says . Scientists estimate that carbon dioxide emissions need to be restricted to 44 gigatons annually by 2020 to prevent global temperatures rising above two degrees Celsius  3.6 degrees Fahrenheit  during the 21st century . Current predictions suggest that limit will be exceeded by nine gigatons , according to the U.N. Jagger and the IUCN 's efforts were rewarded at the Rio +20 this week with commitments from the U.S. government , Rwanda , Brazil and indigenous groups from Mesoamerica to restore more than 18 million hectares of forest . The U.S. will restore the lion 's share of that number , pledging to re-plant 15 million hectares of land . "  Many governments are already convinced this will bring financial benefits for their country and they know we will be tackling the issue of food security , we will be improving water sources , " Jagger said . "  At the same time , I see a lot of governments do n't seem to fully understand the threat of climate change and they use the excuse we are living through an economic crisis or a difficult time to not do what is necessary , " she said . "  We need to do it now , or we will all either live and survive together or we will all perish together . I do n't think I am being alarmist . We need to make a difference and we as individuals can make that difference . " A veteran of the first Earth Summit , Jagger watched the Kyoto Protocol being born , but she fears for its future . The agreement to reduce greenhouse gas emissions adopted in 1997 is due to expire in December with "  no promises in sight , " she says . "  There is so much we still need to do . Climate change is a reality and we are not doing enough for our planet , for our children , for future generations , " she said . "  I wish there were more legally binding treaties that are for signature , especially as we go to Rio , but perhaps something will come out that is positive , I hope . "	Environmental campaigner Bianca Jagger throws weight behind initiative to restore barren land to life Leading environmental group , IUCN enlists Jagger to promote Plant a Pledge campaign in support of Bonn Challenge IUCN receive commitment from U.S. government at Rio +20 to restore 15 million hectares of forest Jagger concerned that there are "  no promises in sight " after Kyoto Protocol expires in December 2012
CNN  -- How much would you pay to contact a stranger ? Facebook is sprucing up its messaging system , and the most interesting change is a move to charge people to send a message to someone outside their network . Most important messages go straight to your inbox on Facebook . But there 's a second class of messages , including potential spam and notes from people not in your network , that the site 's algorithms deem "  less relevant . " These unlucky missives are dropped in the little-known "  Other " folder , where they will often spend the remainder of their digital existence unseen , unread and unloved . Find that old tweet ! Twitter launches archive tool Facebook is now testing a solution to help messages avoid this limbo , the company announced in a blog post Thursday . People can pay to circumvent the dreaded "  Other " folder and have their messages show up directly in the recipient 's inbox . The cost to send one message will be a dollar , according to AllThingsD . In a post announcing the changes , Facebook points out that this could be helpful for people who want to contact someone about a job or reach out to anyone else they may not have a personal connection to . Charging could also help cut down on unwanted spam , according to Facebook . "  Several commentators and researchers have noted that imposing a financial cost on the sender may be the most effective way to discourage unwanted messages and facilitate delivery of messages that are relevant and useful , " says the post . The "  inbox delivery test " will be available only to select people using Facebook in the U.S. for now . Companies wo n't have access to the feature at this time , and people are limited to one paid outgoing message a week to minimize abuse . Fake eagle video , real Obama photo go viral The social network is also rolling out new filtering options for the inbox . If you select Basic Filtering , the usual messages from friends and people in your extended network will go to the inbox . With Strict Filtering , it will be "  mostly " limited to messages from friends . The update also allows members to receive messages from the Messenger for Android app , a mutual friend throwing a party and anyone with your @facebook . com e-mail address . Facebook is constantly trying to find new revenue streams , testing out services such as paying to promote posts and Facebook Gifts . The pay message option is being tested out for a few months , but if it is popular , it could be an interesting way for the site to address spam and make some money at the same time . Instagram backtracks after user privacy revolt	Facebook updates its messaging feature to add new inbox filters A test feature will allow people to pay to send messages to strangers The new feature could help cut down on inbox spam
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A political party widely regarded as the liberal option in Libya 's historic parliamentary elections was leading in early results from weekend polling , according to election officials . The National Forces Alliance had about 52 % of the vote across four of the 13 districts where results were released late Monday . The NFA led in three of those -- Janzour , Tarhuna and Zlitan . But it trailed the field in Misrata , where the Union for the Homeland -- led by prominent Misrata figure Abdurrahman Sewehli -- led the pack . According to the Project on Middle East Democracy , the alliance is a coalition of 58 political parties that has campaigned as a "  more liberal , progressive option " in the election , the first in Libya in more than four decades . The party 's platform focuses heavily on economic issues , according to the Project on Middle East Democracy . The party is led by Mahmoud Jibril , who was prime minister in the interim government that declared Libya a free nation after the 2011 revolt that toppled longtime ruler Moammar Gadhafi in October . The mercurial Gadhafi dismantled many of the civic institutions common to democratic states during his 42 years in power , leaving Libya struggling to emerge from his shadow . About 3,500 candidates were running for 200 seats in a new parliament , and turnout was about 60 % of the country 's 2.8 million registered voters , election commission Chairman Nuri Khalifa Al-Abbar said . The results out Monday were less than 10 % of the estimated 1.7 million votes cast in the North African country . Final results are not likely to be announced before the end of the week at the earliest , the state-run LANA news agency reported . And it will take weeks or even months for the winners to form an effective coalition government , said Fadel Lamen , president of the American-Libyan Council . "  The election is providing one thing only : legitimacy , " said Lamen , who just returned from a visit to Libya . "  Everything else , all the problems , all the challenges , will still be there the morning after . " Observers say a new Libyan state is slowly starting to take shape , but it still could be years -- generations even -- before the revolution will bear fruit . Dartmouth University professor Dirk Vandewalle said signs that Libya is beginning to turn the corner abound . "  Schools and businesses are reopening . Ministries are being reorganized and are starting to make and implement policy , " said Vandewalle , author of "  A History of Modern Libya . " "  Most importantly , the power of the militias is very slowly but inexorably being eroded , " he said . The nation 's judiciary is even starting to flex its muscle , Vandewalle said , noting that it recently overturned a law that seemed aimed at restricting free expression . The parliamentary vote is a litmus test for Libya in the post-Gadhafi era . Balloting took place 17 months after political demonstrations against Gadhafi broke out in two Libyan cities . Those demonstrations spread , leading to a civil war , NATO airstrikes and Gadhafi 's death by a bullet to the head in October . While Gadhafi 's death ended much of the violence , unrest continues in parts of the country , particularly the south and the west , and the government has not been able to completely contain the militias that helped overthrow the former leader . But the government has proved capable of responding to such crises , Vandewalle said : Authorities were able to disarm the militia that took over Tripoli 's airport on June 4 , forced attackers out of the prime minister 's office and removed protesters who had blocked access to a state-owned oil company . Whether the government will be able to forge a long-term solution to the country 's regionally based militias is another matter , said Lamen , the American-Libyan Council president . "  Having a central solution to a local problem most of the time does n't work , " he said . Libyan leaders will instead have to work with local councils , who have the power to rein in the militias . At the same time , those leaders are likely to face difficulties from mid-level bureaucrats in their own government agencies , many of whom are holdovers from Gadhafi 's rule . Work stoppages have not been uncommon , Lamen said . Many Libyans seem ready to put the revolution behind them , Vandewalle said , noting an encounter he had with a man whitewashing graffiti on the walls of Tripoli 's old city . "  Enough , " Vandewalle quoted the man as saying when asked why he was going to the trouble . "  Libya is moving on . " The last time Libya held an election was almost half a century ago and , for many people , the act of casting a ballot was novel after 42 years of Gadhafi 's rule . Ruling has proved similarly unfamiliar , Vandewalle said . "  It would be utterly impossible to construct in only a few months all the institutions of a modern , properly functioning state Gadhafi destroyed in his pursuit of statelessness for 42 years , " he said . "  Building a state and a nation takes time , ideas , compromise and leadership -- particularly difficult if , as in Libya , the social and political landscape after the civil war was essentially a tabula rasa , and none of those qualities now needed to construct a modern state were in demand during the Gadhafi period , " Vandewalle said . Once seated , the new national assembly will be tasked with appointing a transitional government and crafting a constitution . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon congratulated the Libyan people on the election and hailed the electoral staff for "  well-conducted and transparent " polling . "  Last year , thousands of Libyans sacrificed their lives or suffered lasting injury in order to win the right of the Libyan people to build a new state founded on human dignity and the rule of law , " Ban said in a statement Sunday . "  Yesterday , their determination was again on display as men and women , young and old , cast their ballots , many with deep emotion , even in some areas where they faced threats to their security . " This story is based on reporting by CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh in Tripoli and Michael Pearson and Moni Basu in Atlanta .	NEW : Liberal party leading in early results More than 1.7 million Libyans cast ballots , an election official says Eight polling stations closed by violence were opened Sunday , an official says Libyans last voted before Moammar Gadhafi came to power 42 years ago
Florida State University quarterback Jameis Winston was awarded the 79th Heisman Trophy on Saturday , an honor that comes amid lingering questions about a rape allegation that has cast a pall over his claim to the coveted bronze statue . Winston , who was considered a frontrunner by many college analysts , led the top-ranked Seminoles as a freshman to an undefeated regular season and a chance to play for a national championship in January . "  It 's a blessing . I do n't even know what 's going on right now , honestly . I 'm just so happy . I 'm overwhelmed , " Winston told an audience during the presentation in New York . Winston wins Heisman in runaway But even as Winston became only the second redshirt freshman to win the Heisman , questions swirled about a rape allegation made against him more than a year ago but made public only last month . Prosecutors declined this month to file a charge against Winston , but a news conference by his accuser 's lawyer the day before the Heisman presentation kept fueling the story . Asked about the case on Friday , Winston -- who has maintained the sexual activity was consensual -- told reporters : "  I knew I did nothing wrong . " On Saturday , shortly before being awarded the Heisman , he told the audience that he wanted people to know that he was a family man who loved his life and his college experience . "  People just got to know I love life , " he said . Winston recorded 3,820 passing yards and 38 passing touchdowns this year . He is only the second redshirt freshman to win the Heisman . The first freshman winner came last year , when Texas A&M quarterback Johnny Manziel took the honor . At age 19 , Winston is the youngest player to win the Heisman . He also is the third FSU player , behind Charlie Ward and Chris Weinke , to claim the honor . Winston led Florida State to a 13-0 regular season , setting the Seminoles up to take on the Auburn University Tigers in the BCS National Championship on January 6 . The game will be played on Winston 's 20th birthday . Power candidates for 2014 Winston , who received 686 first-place votes according to Heisman trustees , finished ahead of Manziel , Auburn 's Tre Mason , University of Alabama 's AJ McCarron , Northern Illinois University 's Jordan Lynch and Boston College 's Andre Williams . Winston 's Heisman honor comes one day after attorney Patricia Carroll called on Florida officials to investigate how authorities in the state capital handled the now-closed investigation into the alleged sexual assault of her client . Carroll accused the Tallahassee police detective who handled the case of spending time and resources investigating her client instead of Winston . More than half of the 248-page investigative file authorities released to her consisted of records related to her client 's telephone , social media and other records , Carroll said . She said only 11 pages of the filed contained references to Winston , and some of the material released by authorities differed from those obtained by the woman 's family . The lawyer also questioned how investigators handled and tested evidence in the case and said authorities failed to get warrants to examine video surveillance , Winston 's apartment and other potential evidence that could have proven crucial to the case . Earlier this month , Willie Meggs , the state attorney for the 2nd Judicial Circuit , which includes Leon County and Tallahassee , announced that Winston would not be arrested . A key factor was the accuser 's recollection of the events during the December 2012 incident , in which she alleged Winston raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a Tallahassee bar , according to Meggs . "  We have a duty as prosecutors to only file ... charges if we have a reasonable likelihood of a conviction , " Meggs said at the time . "  We did not feel we could meet that burden . " The prosecutor said investigators did not have even probable cause to arrest Winston , which requires a low standard of proof . Winston 's attorney , Tim Jansen , has said his client had consensual sex with the woman . Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi has spoken with the head of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement about the possibility of an inquiry , but no formal request has been received , spokesman Jenn Meale told CNN on Friday . According to police documents , the woman told investigators she had been drinking with friends at a Tallahassee bar called Potbelly 's . She said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar . She said she did not remember much of what happened next but told investigators she remembered winding up in a ground-floor apartment , where a man took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections . She reported the alleged assault to campus police that night . The woman came forward a month after making her initial report to accuse Winston , but Tallahassee 's interim Police Chief Tom Coe said last week that she "  broke off contact " with investigators in February and said she did n't want to go forward with the case . The woman 's family has claimed that a detective had warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "  big football town " and that her life could be miserable if she pursued the case . Carroll said the woman is not contemplating any civil litigation and is focusing on finishing final examinations at Florida State under special accommodations made by the school . She said the woman 's sorority has been subjected to threats and has had some tires slashed .	At 19 , Jameis Winston is the youngest player to win the Heisman Trophy "  It 's a blessing , " Winston says Winston led the top-ranked Seminoles to an undefeated regular season Prosecutors declined this month to file a charge of rape against Winston
CNN  -- When President Barack Obama addressed the nation the day 20 children were killed in Newtown , Connecticut , he told the nation "  that we are praying for them . " The moment "  Good Morning America " anchor Robin Roberts announced she had to undergo a bone marrow transplant , many prayers were directed her way . So why is it that sports fans are upset and bothered that Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis consistently invokes God and Jesus , and recites Bible scriptures ? We saw a lot of criticism toward Tim Tebow for the same thing . Criticize him aplenty for not being able to throw the football , but hating on him because of his faith ? Please , sit down . Amid ` storybook ' ending , Ray Lewis is still controversial Olympian Lolo Jones was on ESPN 's "  First Take " Friday and she said that it 's interesting that someone else will get more positive attention for releasing a sex tape while she is ridiculed for saying she 'll remain a virgin until she gets married . I 'll be honest , a lot of the criticism comes from individuals in the media who see religious people as weird and kooks . No , not all members of the media , but I can say in my experience as a reporter for 21 years that I have heard a lot of anti-religious , and especially anti-Christian , stuff from my media brothers and sisters . In individual discussions working at newspapers , radio stations , TV and online outlets , folks have ridiculed the religious for having convictions that do n't line up with others ' political beliefs . Yet what is so funny is that when those same individuals encountered a health crisis , had marital problems or issues with their children or were about to lose their job , they were the first ones to seek the Bible believer out for prayer . This really should n't come as a shock , because that 's how a lot of Americans are . When we do n't think we need to have a relationship with God , we 'll blow off praying or going to church . Just let the good times roll , huh ? But just wait until something bad happens . Man , we 'll flock to the nearest church , mosque or synagogue ; break out the prayer beads ; and blow the dust off of the Bible in order to be comforted . Remember the night of September 11 , 2001 ? You would have been hard-pressed to find a seat in a house of worship . We were a prayer nation on that day , when nearly 3,000 of our brothers and sisters were killed in terrorist attacks . It does n't bother me one bit to see an athlete choose to be public with their faith . God bless 'em . And if another player makes the decision to not be as public , God bless them , too . The ridicule with being a strong person of faith comes with the territory . Heck , if Jesus was mocked in his day , it 's no shock Ray Lewis , Tim Tebow or anyone else today will be ridiculed . But the key is to remain steadfast and strong . Jesus told his followers in Matthew 28:19 to "  Go therefore and make disciples of all nations . " Opinion : Who is God backing in the Super Bowl ? Now before there was a Ray Lewis , there was a Reggie White . Just like Ray , Reggie was trashed for his religious convictions . He was told to just shut up and play football . But if God gave Reggie the gifts to do what he did , why not give Him the glory ? As a devout Christian , I will not bend , and will stand strong in the faith when it comes to my religious convictions . Afraid to say Jesus on TV ? Nope . In fact , the first four specials I hosted on CNN in 2007 were all religious specials . We may lose jobs , money , fame and public glory , but as long as my relationship with God stays intact , I 'm not bothered by the haters . Does God want the Ravens to beat the 49ers because of Ray Lewis ? No . Are you betting on the Ravens because you think Ray plays on Team Jesus ? You better recognize that God is no bookie . We can all appreciate every player for what they bring to the table , and if they are believers in the faith , then God bless them . Win or lose . Ray Lewis and other players of faith have a tremendous platform . More than 100 million people will probably be watching on Sunday . If someone makes a decision to accept Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior because they were inspired by Ray Lewis exhortation of his faith on Super Bowl Sunday , great . If someone just wants to watch the game , no problem . But I will be thankful that a man who is undaunted by his critics will be unapologetic in professing his faith . Ray Lewis has faced the depths of evil in his past , and like Saul he went through his own Damascus Road Experience and has been transformed . No matter the faith or the occupation , there is nothing wrong with emerging from darkness and becoming a shining bright light . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : Why do people criticize Ray Lewis for invoking God ? Martin : It 's because some individuals in the media see religious people as weird He says but if something bad happens , those same people in the media will seek God too Martin : We should not ridicule athletes who choose to be public about their faith
CNN  Since Iran 's Islamic Revolution in 1979 , women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men . But the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top Iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events . A plan to allow "  women and families " to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year , Deputy Sports Minister Abdolhamid Ahmadi said Saturday , according to state-run media . But it is n't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend . According to the state-run Press TV , Ahmadi said the restrictions would be lifted for indoor sports events . The rules wo n't change for all matches because some sports are mainly related to men and "  families are not interested in attending " them , Press TV cited him as saying . Iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men 's sports events after the revolution , deeming that mixed crowds watching games together was un-Islamic . During the ensuing decades , the crowds at soccer games , Iran 's most popular sport , have been all male . Iranian women were briefly permitted to attend volleyball matches under the moderate President Mohammad Khatami , but the ban was reinstated in 2005 after the more hard-line Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came to power . The Iranian government has come under pressure from international sports officials over the restrictions . FIFA President Sepp Blatter called on Iran last month to end its "  intolerable " ban on women attending soccer matches , saying the situation "  can not continue . " Iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of soccer 's Asian Cup , but the tournament was awarded to the United Arab Emirates . The ban on women attending matches was widely seen as a major impediment to Iran 's chances of securing the event . The ban came under the spotlight at the Asian Cup in Australia earlier this year , when thousands of female Iranian fans watched their soccer team without restriction . During the match against Iraq , activists called for the ban to end and unfurled a banner showing the face of Ghoncheh Ghavami , a British-Iranian woman detained in Iran last year while trying to watch a volleyball match . Iranian officials have denied that Ghavami was arrested for attending the volleyball game , saying she was taken into custody for "  anti-Iran activities . " The news agency Reuters reported that she was recently pardoned by the Court of Appeal . CNN 's Annie Ramos contributed to this report .	Iranian sports official : The ban will be lifted for some events in the coming year But he says "  families are not interested in attending " some sports matches
CNN  -- Israeli naval forces Tuesday successfully took over a boat of activists intent on breaking what they call the "  siege of Gaza " without violent resistance . Benny Gantz , chief of staff of the Israel Defense Forces , confirmed that naval forces had been ordered to seize the vessel , known as the Dignite , as it approached the coast of Gaza , where a maritime security blockade is in force . The forces "  operated in line with procedures and took every precaution necessary while using all operational tactics determined prior to the operation , and avoid causing harm to the activists on board while ensuring the safety of the soldiers , " the IDF said . After the boarding , "  the passengers ' health was examined and they were offered food and beverages . " The Dignite -- carrying 10 activists , three crew members and three journalists -- is affiliated with the Free Gaza Movement , whose aim is to break the "  siege of Gaza . " Greta Berlin , spokeswoman for the Free Gaza Movement , said the boat declared its destination as Alexandria , Egypt , so that it could leave Greek waters . But it changed its destination in international waters , which is legal , Berlin said . Four navy boats surrounded the Dignite as it approached the coast of Gaza , the boat 's organizers said . After the Israeli Navy intercepted the vessel , it engaged in a "  dialogue " with the activists "  in an attempt to dissuade them from continuing on their route " toward a maritime security blockade off the Gaza coast , the IDF said . It said that any supplies on board "  may be transferred , legally , through the existing land crossings and the Ashdod port . " However , the IDF said , "  all diplomatic channels had been exhausted and continuous calls to the vessel had been ignored . " Given the groups ' "  unwillingness to arrive at the Ashdod port , " the IDF said , "  it was unequivocally necessary to board the vessel and lead it to Ashdod . " "  After all the options we suggested were refused , we decided to take over the yacht . We realized that the captain was lying . He lied to the authorities in Greece about his sailing route and changed it from Egypt to Gaza , " said IDF spokesman Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai . The boat was taken to Ashdod , and the relevant security authorities and the Israel police were set to begin the process of questioning the passengers , who will then be transferred to the Ministry of Interior and the immigration authorities , officials said . Israel insists on controlling access to Gaza because it says it has to keep weapons out of the hands of Palestinian militants who would use them to attack Israelis . Gaza is run by Hamas , which has carried out dozens of terrorist attacks and is listed by the United States as a terrorist organization . Israel emphasizes that it delivers large amounts of aid to Gaza . The country mounted a diplomatic offensive to try to stop the flotilla from setting sail . The ship was part of a group of vessels that had planned to sail to Gaza in an effort to promote public awareness about Israel 's blockade of the area . The others were grounded in Greece . The activists connected with the Freedom Flotilla , as they call it , also wanted to commemorate a May 2010 incident in which Israeli troops boarded the Mavi Marmara , a Turkish ship filled with humanitarian aid and 700 activists from various countries . Nine people died in clashes with Israeli Navy commandos . "  The Dignite carries a message of solidarity and human empathy from the people of the world to the people of Gaza , and all of Palestine , that Israel 's violence can never silence , " the group said .	Israel seizes the Dignite without violent resistance from the 16 people aboard Activists say they want to break what they call the "  siege of Gaza " Israel says its control of Gaza 's borders is to keep weapons out of militants ' hands
CNN  -- On Thursday , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta announced that the Obama administration would allow women to be placed in positions that will expose them more directly to fighting with enemy ground forces . It is said that this will allow women to fill hundreds of thousands of combat roles from which they are currently excluded . Substantively , this is a poor idea . Furthermore , the decision-making process used to bring this change about is deeply flawed . America 's ongoing war against terror-supporting states and terror networks , commenced after 9/11 , has seen an increased combat role for women in the U.S. armed forces . According to recent news accounts , more than 800 have been wounded and more than 130 have died . Clearly , women have fought honorably , bravely and with great distinction . The greater inclusion of women has allowed our armed forces to tap into an enormous pool of talent and character . And as the casualty figures above indicate , the current posture of the U.S. armed forces is not one in which women are leading cloistered , sheltered lives . They are often exposed to great danger . So , what is it then that President Obama and Panetta are doing ? Under the policy , women may end up being placed in infantry and Special Forces battalions and other front line combat units . To doubt the wisdom of this action does not reflect on the courage or abilities of female service members . But the step crosses a line worthy of greater deliberation and public debate . Opinion : The challenge of incorporating women into the infantry The proof that this decision is ideologically and not militarily based is its very sweeping nature . It appears that the people who did this are engaged in a vast social experiment in which hundreds of thousands of men and women will be the guinea pigs . We are now testing a hypothesis that may impair the military effectiveness of our ground forces . The slots that may be opened are in our infantry and Special Forces units . The purpose of such units is to directly and physically engage enemy forces . This can often involve personal , hand-to-hand combat in which women will now have to fight men . These units can often be deployed in prolonged operations that can last for months . The physical toll is constant and wearing . During operations of this kind there is typically no access to a base of operations or facilities . Consequently , living conditions can be abysmal and base . There is routinely no privacy or ability to maintain personal hygiene for extended periods . Soldiers and Marines have to relieve themselves within sight of others . Think back to those scenes of combat in Vietnam , the Pacific in World War II , or the frozen mountains of Korea . It is n't pretty , and the same is happening now in Afghanistan . Rangel : A more equal military ? Bring back draft This combat environment -- now containing males and females -- will place a tremendous burden on combat commanders . Not only will they have to maintain their focus on defeating the enemy in battle , they will have to do so in an environment that combines life-threatening danger with underlying sexual tensions . This is a lot to ask of the young leaders , both men and women , who will have to juggle the need to join and separate the sexes within the context of quickly developing and deadly situations . Is the experiment worth placing this burden on small unit leaders ? I think it is asking too much . Something as momentous as this should be endorsed by the Congress of the United States . Ideas like these have been percolating within corners of the Defense Department for years waiting to be unleashed . One study by the Congressional Research Service recommended that "  women should be excluded from direct land combat units and positions . " Now , ideologues within the bureaucracy have prevailed , but a volunteer force has to maintain its legitimacy with the wider public . That is why the Constitution gives the Congress the power to shape and structure the military . I worry about the women who are currently in the military . They have to know that the lines keeping them from infantry and Special Forces battalions will get blurrier and blurrier . What protections will they have against being thrown into front-line infantry units as organizational dividers soften and expectations change ? Very little protection , I am afraid . Will they leave the military ? This policy change may have the ironic effect of forcing women to reconsider their place in the armed services . If true , that would be tragic . By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military Congress should examine what the Department of Defense is doing here -- really . The Congress must do some hard , nonideological work and assess job categories and physical requirements . Perhaps a special committee could be formed whose members actually served in the infantry and Special Forces . If it will not reverse the policy , then Congress needs to put in place a comprehensive , nonpoliticized system that will track the physical effects of these changes on women . The data needs to be made public , so there can be a fair , scientific assessment of this great experiment . President Obama and Panetta have their agenda of change and transformation . The American public , however , should not sit back and leave the brave members of our armed forces susceptible to the whims of ideology . Men and women can serve together in the armed forces productively , but that service needs to be prudently structured in a manner that reflects the differences between the sexes and the power of their attractions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jerry Boykin .	Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin : Allowing women to fill combat roles is a deeply flawed idea He says women already serve ably without being placed in infantry , Special Forces He says move an untenable social experiment that will affect effectiveness of ground forces Boykin : Congress should form committee to examine impact of this decision on the ground
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Barack Obama , who shot from obscurity to fame based on a single speech and then captured the White House in a campaign marked by soaring rhetoric , delivered a restrained , sober inaugural address Tuesday . American patriot Thomas Paine seems to have informed some of the spirit of President Obama 's inaugural speech . Gone was the mantra-like "  Yes we can " chanted by supporters , which Obama invoked as a refrain right through his victory speech on Election Night . Largely absent , too , were citations from the two historical figures on whose shoulders Obama stood Tuesday -- Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King Jr. , both of whom he quoted on the night of his triumph in November . He took his oath of office on Lincoln 's 1861 inaugural Bible , closing a circle of symbolism that began when he declared his candidacy for president two years ago on the same spot in Illinois where Lincoln launched his own first campaign . But other than mentioning "  the lash of the whip , " an echo of Lincoln 's towering second inaugural address , and "  gathering clouds and raging storms , " Obama did not seem to quote the 16th president . And , perhaps thinking that the simple fact of an African-American being sworn in as president was sufficiently drenched with significance , he made only the most glancing reference to King . "  We are a nation of Christians and Muslims , Jews and Hindus -- and nonbelievers , " Obama said , a contemporary variation on King 's hope that "  Jews and Gentiles , Protestants and Catholics " would one day join hands and sing . Watch President Obama 's full speech " In fact , if the speech could be said to have an animating spirit , it was that of Thomas Paine , the great 18th-century pamphleteer who played a key role in the American and French revolutions . Obama referred to "  the rights of man , " the title of a book Paine wrote in praise of the French Revolution . And his speech ended with a long quote from Paine that George Washington ordered read to his troops when the revolt looked bleak for the Colonies : "  Let it be told to the future world ... that in the depth of winter , when nothing but hope and virtue could survive ... that the city and the country , alarmed at one common danger , came forth to meet  it .  " The passage comes from Paine 's critical 1776 essay "  The Crisis , " which famously begins : "  These are the times that try men 's souls . " Indeed , Obama used the word "  crisis " four times in his speech -- one more time than he used the word perhaps most closely identified with him : Hope . "  That we are in the midst of a crisis is now well-understood , " Obama said , in a speech that warned Americans to prepare for a long , hard -- but certain -- slog toward better days . He drew on the touchstones of American civic life , the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution , with phrases such as "  we the people , " "  common defense " and "  all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness . " He nodded towards John F. Kennedy with a reference to "  rising tides of prosperity " and Franklin Roosevelt in saying Americans had chosen "  hope over fear . " And he seemed to carry on a bit of an argument with Ronald Reagan , listing key battlefields in American history  "  Concord and Gettysburg , Normandy and Khe Sahn "  , as Reagan did in his first inaugural , but rejecting the most famous phrase from that speech . Watch CNN 's Fareed Zakaria discuss writing a memorable speech " "  Government is not the solution to the problem , government is the problem , " Reagan declared in 1981 . No , Obama seemed to respond 28 years later , "  The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small , but whether it works . ... Where the answer is yes , we intend to move forward . Where the answer is no , programs will end ... because only then can we restore the vital trust between a people and their government . " He also borrowed a notion associated with Reagan , but running through American history right back to the Puritans , who in turn took it from the book of Isaiah : that American ideals "  still light the world . " And his conclusion bookended the two great sources of quotes in the English language , Shakespeare and the Bible . America , he said , may be experiencing "  this winter of our hardship " -- riffing on Richard III 's "  winter of our discontent " -- but will prove "  when we were tested " -- as Abraham was by God -- "  we refused to let this journey end ... with eyes fixed on the horizon and God 's grace upon us , we carried forth that great gift of freedom and delivered it safely to future generations . " CNN interns Tom Boltman and Eftehia Katsareas contributed to this report .	Only whispers of Abraham Lincoln , Martin Luther King Jr. heard in speech American patriot Thomas Paine seems to have been an influence Other noted references : President Kennedy , Shakespeare and Abraham from Bible
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- A 69-year-old who was previously convicted of torching a palace has been arrested in connection with a fire that destroyed Namdaemun , South Korea 's oldest wooden structure and a national treasure , authorities said on Tuesday . People on Monday look at the debris of the Namdaemun gate in central Seoul after the fire . Similarities between the Sunday night fire and the 2006 blaze led to the investigation of a man identified only as Mr. Chae , said Kim Young-Su , chief of police of the Namdaemun police station . Chae had served time in prison for the palace fire . Police searched the home of Chae 's ex-wife and found a can of paint thinner and a pair of leather gloves they believe were used in the fire , Kim said . Chae confessed to starting the fire , saying he was upset by a land grievance that led him to start the 2006 fire and by the sentence he was handed in that case , Kim said . Chae was free on a suspended sentence , Kim added . Chae said he chose Namdaemun because it was easily accessible by public transportation and yet situated in a lightly populated area where the fire was unlikely to hurt people , according to police . The fire burned for hours , and more than a hundred firefighters tried to save it . Watch the reaction to the Namdaemun 's destruction " Namdaemun was more than 600 years old and stood at the center of Seoul , having served as a main gate into the capital for centuries . The gate was considered a national symbol to Koreans around the world . E-mail to a friend	NEW : "  Mr. Chae " was convicted of torching a Korean palace in 2006 NEW : Chae has confessed to starting the Namdaemun fire , police chief says NEW : Easy access , lightly populated area dictated Namdaemun choice , police say The more-than-600-year-old Namdaemun was country 's oldest wooden structure
Johannesburg  CNN  -- A novel skin graft treatment appears to be working for a 3-year-old South African girl burned over 80 % of her body in January , a spokeswoman for her family said Tuesday . A medical team led by reconstructive surgeon Ridwan Mia spent four hours Monday night removing wrappings from Isabella "  Pippi " Kruger 's body , according to spokeswoman Ilze Rabie . They found that 90 % of the skin graft -- cloned in a U.S. laboratory and then rushed to South Africa last week -- appears to be taking , she said . The little girl , who was burned in a New Year 's Eve barbecuing accident at home , remains sedated , said Rabie , who is representing the family and Genzyme , the Boston company that produced the cloned skin graft that 's being used to treat her . The plan is to gradually wake Pippi and remove her from a ventilator by Thursday , Rabie said . While complications and other setbacks remain a possibility , Rabie said Pippi could be well enough to begin physical therapy and rehabilitation by next week . Pippi 's ordeal began on New Year 's Eve when she was playing outside as her father , Erwin Kruger , prepared a barbeque using a highly flammable liquid gel . As he lit the gel , its container exploded and covered Pippi 's small body . She screamed as her skin burned and "  bubbled , " according to her mother , Anice Kruger . The toddler suffered third-degree burns on 80 % of her body . Afterward , she was struck with four cardiac arrests , kidney failures , collapsed lungs and multiple infections . Her critical condition eventually stabilized under the care of Mia and others at the Netcare Garden City Hospital in Johannesburg . But the Krugers were uncomfortable with their options for healing her skin : temporarily using skin from a cadaver or from a pig , or taking her small portion of undamaged skin and grafting it elsewhere . "  Please do n't take the perfect skin , just give me a week to find something else , " Anice Kruger begged of Mia . After days on the Internet and hours reaching out to reconstructive specialists in the United States , Pippi 's mother discovered Genzyme , whose specialty is growing layers of human skin by cloning a 2-square-centimeter sample from a patient . Doctors in the United States performed the process -- called a cultured epidermal autograft -- more than 100 times in last year , according to Genzyme . However , because the new skin must be administered within 24 hours of leaving the lab , the procedure has n't been attempted much farther away . It had never before been attempted in South Africa . The procedure , which is being covered by local medical coverage and donations , cost $ 82,000 . Georgia woman with flesh-eating bacteria gets skin graft	First-of-its-kind South African skin graft appears to be taking , a spokeswoman says Doctors hope to wake 3-year-old Isabella "  Pippi " Kruger by Thursday She had third-degree burns on 80 % of her body , and complications are still possible She could be well enough for physical therapy next week , the spokeswoman says
CNN  -- The judge in southern West Virginia who faces federal conspiracy charges after being accused of plotting to frame his secretary 's husband in various crimes has been charged in another conspiracy case , U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin said Thursday . Mingo County Circuit Judge Michael Thornsbury allegedly conspired with other county elected officials to cover up evidence of alleged "  illegal drug use and other misconduct " by late Mingo County Sheriff Eugene Crum , " Goodwin said . A Mingo County drug defendant earlier this year began to provide the FBI with information about the misconduct , Goodwin said in a news release . Crum learned that the informant and his attorney were providing information about Crum to the FBI , the release said . As a result , Crum , Thornsbury and other Mingo elected officials "  conspired " to protect Crum and stop the informant , who was referred to in the charging document as G.W. , it said . "  They arranged to offer G.W. favorable plea deal if he would fire his attorney , who was assisting G.W. 's communication with federal authorities , and replace him with an attorney chosen by Crum and the other elected officials , " the release said . Earlier this year , Thornsbury pleaded not guilty to federal conspiracy charges stemming from an alleged plot to falsely implicate the husband of his secretary after she broke off an affair with the judge . Thornsbury 's trial date was set for October 15 , and he was released on a $ 10,000 bond . Federal documents allege that a five-year vendetta included plotting to plant drugs under the husband 's car , recruiting a state trooper to arrest the man on bogus theft charges , and persuading a police officer to arrest him on groundless assault and battery charges .	Mingo County is in southern West Virginia The latest conspiracy case involves a late sheriff 's alleged activities The earlier case involved an alleged effort to falsely implicate a man
SARGODA , Pakistan  CNN  -- Mohammed Iqbal said he has been told by his landlord to pay up on debts and is left with a choice facing others in this impoverished corner of Pakistan : Sell your children or a kidney . This man 's landlord forced him to pay off money he borrowed for his children 's medical bills . For the 50-year-old Iqbal , there is only one option . Despite a law passed in late 2007 banning transplants for money , he has decided to sell his kidney and has already been for pre-operation tests . The sale will net him between $ 1,100 and $ 1,600 . "  What 's incredible here is the law that bans the operation he 's going to go through came into place in 2007 , " said CNN 's Nic Robertson . "  He 's still able to go to a doctor , the doctors given him advice , that 's what he has to do under law ... He 's going to make money out of it 100,000-150 ,000 rupees , and that is absolutely illegal . Yet , in just a few days , he 's expecting to sell his kidney . " Iqbal was not alone in facing this difficult decision . Others in Pakistan 's rural heartland have opted to sell their kidneys . One of them was Rab Nawas , who was deep in debt about a year ago to his landlord after borrowing money to pay for his wedding and to cover medical bills for his wife and six children . He , too , faced the choice : sell his children , his wife or a kidney . See photos of Pakistan 's impoverished kidney donors " "  I am helpless . Should I sell my children ? Should I go sell my children ? So , it 's better I sell my kidney . I had to return the money , " said Nawas , who now bears a foot-long scar that wraps around from his back to his belly and is too weak to work the same hours he could before . Watch Nawas show his operation scar " People bearing the tell-tale scar of an organ removal in the villages around the farm where Nawas works are not hard to find . At one point , there were about 2,000 transplants a year -- with 1,500 of them going to what the government said were so-called "  transplant tourists . " The 2007 law was aimed at ending Pakistan 's dubious status as one of the world 's leading organ bazaars . Nawas sold his kidney after the law was passed and said the procedure was performed at the Rawalpindi Kidney Center in the northern city of Rawalpindi . When he went to the Rawalpindi center , after CNN asked him to show where the procedure was done , he said a doctor told him they did not have a record of his operation because they destroy such records when a patient leaves . The Rawalpindi clinic -- which prior to the law was a leading user of purchased kidneys -- told CNN that it abides by the law and does not get involved in deals between kidney donors and recipients . "  Standing there it 's hard for me to fully understand the courage it took for him to make the journey . In this country , he has few rights , and even less security , " said CNN 's Robertson .	A law passed in late 2007 bans selling organs for money Still , many poor Pakistanis have no choice but to sell their kidneys At one time , there were about 2,000 transplants a years Law aims to end Pakistan 's status as one of the world 's leading organ bazaars
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military on Sunday was looking into a local report that the region 's Taliban leader had died , officials said . State broadcaster PTV reported that Hakimullah Mehsud , the Taliban commander in Pakistan , was wounded in a drone attack this month , and that he died and was buried last week . PTV cited local sources and its correspondent in North Waziristan . A Taliban source denied the report to CNN , saying that Mehsud has simply gone "  underground " after being targeted by drone attacks . The source , who requested anonymity because he is not an authorized spokesperson for the Taliban , said Mehsud is alive and well and will release a taped recording to prove as much . Military spokesman Maj. Gen. Athar Abbas told CNN that "  we can not yet confirm " Mehsud 's death . Pakistani Interior Minister Rehman Malik told CNN on Sunday that officials have received reports of the Taliban leader 's death , but also could not immediately verify it . Mehsud has been the target of suspected U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan . The U.S. military routinely offers no comment on reported attacks by the pilotless aircraft . The Taliban leader 's status came into question following two drone attacks aimed at him this month . U.S. counterterrorism officials contacted by CNN Sunday could not confirm whether Mehsud is dead or injured . CNN 's Kiran Khalid and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban source says commander alive and well , will release tape soon Pakistani military looking into reported death of Hakimullah Mehsud State-run TV reports Mehsud was injured in drone attack and died last week Mehsud has been target of suspected U.S. drone attacks in Pakistan
Winter Park , Florida  CNN  -- The man who police say fled the scene after his SUV hit a car , sending it into a Winter Park day care center and killing a 4-year-old girl , turned himself in Thursday , Florida Highway Patrol spokeswoman Maj. Cindy Williams said . Robert Alex Corchado , who Williams earlier said had gang ties as well as numerous drug arrests , surrendered at the Orange County jail , according to a tweet from the sheriff department . A warrant for his arrest had been issued early Thursday after , authorities say , Corchado drove a Dodge Durango that hit a car , sending it into a crowded KinderCare . One girl died from injuries sustained in the accident and 13 other children were injured , as was one adult . Corchado fled the scene and ditched his Dodge Durango before renting another SUV , Williams said earlier . The warrant alleges Corchado left the scene of an accident "  with death . " Bond was set at $ 100,000 , according to an arrest affidavit . Williams said Corchado , 28 , rented a black Mazda CX-5 on Wednesday afternoon after fleeing the accident . Corchado 's Dodge Durango was found abandoned a few hours after the crash . Little girl ` deserved so much more ' Lily Quintus , 4 , was among 50 children at a KinderCare in Winter Park when a car slammed through a wall . She died later at a hospital . Her mother , Nicole Quintus , is devastated , the New York Daily News reported . "  I have no idea how I 'm supposed to survive after this . I do n't know how I 'm supposed to go back to a daily routine . I 'm wandering about , lost , " she told the paper . Nicole Quintus called her daughter "  painfully beautiful " and said , "  She was incredible and she deserved so much more . " Lily 's 7-year-old brother aspires to be an engineer and is building a time machine out of his Erector set so he can bring his sister back , the Daily News reported . Lily 's father is a paramedic with the Groveland Fire Department and one of his co-workers set up a page so people could donate funds for medical and funeral expenses . As of Thursday night , people had given more than $ 33,000 . Three released from hospitals Two children and a teacher were released from hospitals on Thursday , according to a statement from Knowledge Universe , which operates KinderCare . At Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children in Orlando , where eight of the victims were taken Wednesday , five children remained hospitalized , including one in critical condition . Two were listed in serious condition , one was fair and one was in good condition . The hospital said two patients were discharged Thursday , but it was unclear whether they were among the people cited in the KinderCare release . After the incident , which occurred about 3 p.m. on Wedesday , 12 children and one adult were taken to four hospitals , said John Mulhall , a spokesman for Orange County Fire Rescue . Two other people were treated at the scene . One child was pinned by the car that was knocked into the day care through a front wall . Teachers gave kids CPR "  It was tragic , " Jeezy Jenkins told CNN affiliate WKMG . He was working on a nearby roof when the accident happened . "  It was just kids on the ground and there was teachers giving CPR . It was horrible . I 've never seen nothing like that before , and I hope I never have to see something like that again . " The driver of the car that was forced into the day care center was n't injured . He waited at the scene as workers loaded his car onto a tow truck . "  We are heartbroken that several of the children in our care and an adult were injured in an accident today , " KinderCare said in a prepared statement . "  We are pulling for those who have been injured to quickly recover from this tragic accident . " Highway Patrol spokeswoman Sgt. Kim Monte said a telephone tip helped authorities find the missing Durango . CNN 's Suzanne Presto and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	NEW : About $ 33,000 in donations so far to help with funeral expenses for girl Robert Corchado surrenders about 24 hours after hit-and-run accident One child remains in critical condition ; three patients released Thursday Mother of dead 4-year-old tells newspaper her daughter was ` painfully beautiful '
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Amanda Knox and former boyfriend Rafael Sollecito are killers and the evidence proves it , a prosecutor insisted Friday in wrapping up her statement in the duo 's appeal of their 2009 murder convictions . Knox and Sollecito were convicted of killing Knox 's former roommate , Meredith Kercher , in a bloody crime that left the victim half-naked with her throat slashed . Knox 's attorneys argued in their closing arguments Thursday that police had made numerous mistakes investigating the crime and that evidence did n't support the convictions . But prosecutor Manuela Comodi said the evidence is clear , from bloody footprints with particular characteristics that match the two to the very spot where Knox 's DNA was found on a kitchen knife believed by investigators to be the murder weapon . "  They are young , but so was Meredith . They 've murdered . And they have killed for nothing . And for this they must be condemned to the maximum sentence , " Comodi said . The hearing was expected to continue Friday with an attorney for Kercher 's family addressing the court . No ruling is expected until Monday , when Knox and Sollecito are expected to give final statements , according to the judge . At Friday 's hearing , prosecutor Giuliano Mignini said Knox and Sollecito tried to blame the killing on another co-defendant , Rudy Guede , because Guede is black . Guede was also convicted in the case and is already serving a 16-year sentence . Comodi , showed jurors a photograph of a bloody footprint found in the bathroom of the home were Kercher was killed . There was no way the footprint was Guede 's as defense attorneys had contended , Comodi argued . Comodi said experts have concluded that the footprint was not Guede 's and probably was Sollecito . She also told the court that just because the footprint was found "  not usable " for positive identification , it does n't mean that they are "  non usable ' " when you can do a process of elimination . Comodi also used her microphone to demonstrate the how the location where Knox 's DNA was found on the presumed murder weapon -- at the junction between the blade and the handle -- suggests a stabbing motion , rather than a cutting motion . On Thursday , Knox 's attorneys gave their final arguments to counter prosecutors ' portrayal of her as a cunning "  femme fatale . " Lawyer Carlo Dalla Vedova told the jury "  that the only possible decision to take is that of absolving Amanda Knox , " as he wrapped up his closing argument . He said the court had seen no trace of Amanda Knox in the room where the murder took place . Another one of Knox 's lawyers , Luciano Ghirga , said she was "  very afraid but her heart is full of hope " that she will be freed . Her "  image was massacred " by the media and the attacks on her character started before the trial , he said , adding that he considered her as a daughter . Concluding an emotional appearance , he appealed to the jury to put themselves in the shoes of Knox 's family -- a counterpoise to the words of appeals court prosecutor Giancarlo Costagliola , who asked the jury to put themselves in the shoes of Kercher 's family at the start of the closing arguments a week ago . The "  clan Knox " -- as Knox 's family have been referred to -- are not part of some rumored U.S. conspiracy to put pressure on the Italian courts to release her , Ghirga said . Rather , "  they are parents and they deserve respect . " The lawyer also praised the court 's work , saying he felt Knox 's rights had finally been respected . Urging the jury not to let innocent people stay in jail , Vedova earlier detailed what he called many "  mistakes " made in the investigation into Kercher 's death . When Knox was arrested and interrogated , she was not allowed a translator and was discouraged from getting a lawyer , Vedova said . " ` That night Amanda Knox 's right to defend herself was denied , " he said . "  She was just a young girl , first time out of the country . She did n't speak Italian . " Vedova argued that some of the DNA evidence presented by the prosecution should be thrown out . He said some material was contaminated as a result of poor practice by police , including supposed traces of mixed blood in the bathroom sink shared by the two girls . The prosecution 's use of alleged bloody footprints in their case was also wrong , he said . As for the knife used to kill Kercher , a key piece of evidence , Vedova told the court there was a "  concentration of nothingness , a fantasy " in the prosecution 's arguments . He ridiculed a theory that Sollecito had not disposed of the knife because he was concerned his landlady would notice it was missing , asking : "  What kind of a killer would think about this after committing a murder ? " Knox and Sollecito were convicted in 2009 . Knox was sentenced to 26 years in prison , while Sollecito got 25 . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : Amada Knox and her former boyfriend "  killed for nothing , " a prosecutor in their appeal says Knox and Sollecito were convicted in 2009 of killing Briton Meredith Kercher Their attorneys argue police made mistakes and evidence does not support their convictions Amanda Knox is scheduled to speak on Monday
CNN  -- Your days at the beach with a bucket and shovel making castles in the sand were child 's play compared to what you 'll see at sand sculpting events . There , the massive , inventive , intricate works of art go so far beyond "  sand castles . " You 'll never look at sand and water the same way again .  Keep reminding yourself -- it is just sand and water . On Day One of a contest , a solo sculptor or "  carver " is presented with a 10-ton pyramid of sand  two-person teams in doubles competition work with 20 to 25 tons  . Then , through a rigorous process of shoveling , packing , stacking and carving , a sculpture takes shape . Spectators can watch it all -- from the first day "  pound up " in which the sand is compressed , to the hours of carving with manual tools such as trowels , butter knives , tablespoons and drinking straws , plus some that the sculptors devise for themselves .  Dutch sculptor Wilfred Stijger 's patented Willysphere -- inspired by the base of a wine glass -- makes perfect sand spheres . "  The first question anyone asks us is what happens when it rains , but wind and sun are worse than rain when you 're sculpting sand , " says Rusty Croft , who with Kirk Rademaker is co-owner of Sand Guys International and co-hosted the Travel Channel series "  Sand Masters . " "  We wet down the sculptures as we work . The surface tension of the water holds the sand together . " Finished sculptures may be sprayed with a solution of water and school glue to preserve them for long-term viewing . Nevertheless , many sand sculpture events are held under tents or temporary shelters safe from the elements , and quite a few take place off the beach in parks and open spaces where sand is brought in especially for the event . America 's best little beach towns "  The sand is always different , " Croft notes . "  Sand dug out of the ground has sharp edges that lock together . Beach sand is rounded because it 's been washed by the waves . You have to listen to the sand . It tells you what to build . Sand sculpture is a brilliant mix between engineering and artwork . " Here are some of the masters ' top picks for sand sculpting events around the globe . No bucket required . July 19-21 , 2013 National Sand Sculpting Festival , Revere Beach , Revere , Massachusetts "  There 's a wonderful festival atmosphere here and the sand is definitely some of the best stuff out there -- you can make crazy vertical sculptures , " says Sue McGrew , a Tacoma-based professional sand sculptor and a member of the "  Sand Masters " team . "  They finish the event off with a bang ... fireworks . And there 's easy access from Boston by public transportation . " August 10-September 8 , 2013 International Sand Sculpture Festival , Rorschach , Switzerland "  You 're sculpting in a park on the Bodensee and you have the Alps behind you ; the whole event has a great elegant feel , " says Kirk Rademaker , who will pair with Wilfred Stijgers of the Netherlands in this year 's doubles competition . With a full week to complete their pieces , the doubles carvers create spectacular things . Biggest , baddest roller coasters for summer August 30-September 2 , 2013 U.S. Sand Sculpting Challenge , San Diego On the water , but not on the beach , this four-day competition takes place on the B Street cruise ship terminal pier in downtown San Diego . Croft calls it one of the more progressive events on the sand sculpting calendar , giving carvers four days to work . There 's also a head-to-head team competition and a chance for visitors to vote for this year 's People 's Choice sand sculpture . 5 spectacular and storied beach trips September 27-October 6 , 2013 International Sandsculpting Championship , Virginia Beach , Virginia A significant cash prize for the winners ensures that the field of competitors is top-notch . Carvers love this event and so do spectators . Look for lots of international representation here , including Fergus Mulvany from Ireland , Benjamin Probanza from Mexico , Edith Van Wetering of the Netherlands , and Canadian master carvers Guy-Olivier Deveau , David Ducharme , Karen Fralich and Abe Waterman . October 15-20 , 2013 Carve San Francisco , San Francisco Croft and Rademaker are consulting on and participating in this event , which will be held for the first time this year . Through October 27 International Sandsculpture Festival , Søndervig , Denmark Each June , a team of international artists is invited to work together on an enormous sculpture of sand in this beach area of western Denmark . Done by 38 sculptors , this year 's carving is complete ; the sculpture will remain intact and on view until October 27 . November 15-18 , 2013 Crystal Classic Master Sand Sculpting Competition , Siesta Key Beach , Sarasota , Florida "  Some of the most beautiful beach sand in the world , " McGrew says . "  I think this is a great little spot for anyone looking for super-clean , white sugar beaches and beautiful warm weather in November . " Events include amateur competitions for kids and parents , head-to-head speed-carving events and a demonstration by Amazin Walter . Expect crowds -- some 70,000 people attend over four days . Part of the proceeds supports sea turtle conservation projects at Mote Marine Laboratory . November 21-24 , 2013 Sanding Ovations Master Cup Sand Sculpting Competition , Treasure Island , Florida Now in its fifth year , this event takes place beside the Bilmar Beach Resort on Florida 's Gulf Coast . The competition is serious , but the atmosphere is laid-back , unpretentious and beachy . November 22-December 1 , 2013 American Sand Sculpting Championship , Fort Myers Beach , Florida More than 1,000 tons of sand plus 30 master sculptors in singles and doubles competition add up to what 's billed as the largest sand sculpting event in Florida . Now in its 27th year , it 's also one of the oldest . In addition to the pros , amateurs and kids compete for prizes and acclaim -- and everyone attempts to avoid structural collapse . "  When you work with beach sand , you have to be flexible , " Croft notes , "  but it helps retain that ` sand castle ' essence . " December 26 , 2013-January 26 , 2014 Hawkesbury International Sand Sculpting Championship , Howe Park , Windsor , NSW , Australia Now in its third year , this competition is held in a park about an hour 's drive from Sydney . Solo and team carvers work from December 26 to January 3 and the sculptures remain for People 's Choice voting until January 26 .  Summer in Australia , remember !  "  The event is in a great location on the Hawkesbury River with sculptures nestled in between trees and park benches , " McGrew says . April 11-13 , 2014 Texas SandFest , Port Aransas , Texas When planning the annual Texas SandFest , organizers consult the tide charts to determine the dates of lowest tide , so while the chosen week varies from year to year , the event is always in early spring . That used to be before summer tourist season , yet after 18 years of successful festivals , tourists now arrive early -- because of Texas SandFest . With events for both amateurs and pros , "  it is a great community event with a good vibe , " Rademaker says . June 2014 Summer Signs Annual Sand Sculpture Festival , Jelgava , Latvia "  My favorite competition abroad , " McGrew says . "  In a beautiful park , a dozen or so international sculptors come together for a five-day event with practically no time limit . ... You can practically work 'til you drop , if you were so inclined . " June 2014 Master Sand Sculpting Competition , Hampton Beach , New Hampshire This year 's competition just ended , but pencil it in for next year -- an annual event that brings in 200-plus tons of imported sand and a dozen or so master carvers to shape it into something beautiful , plus lessons and clinics for the public . June 2014  likely World Championship of Sand Sculpting , Atlantic City , New Jersey This year 's competition also just ended and dates have n't been posted for next year yet . Retired Atlantic City fireman and master sand sculptor John Gowdy helped bring this event to what is arguably sand sculpting 's U.S. birthplace , where sand sculptors entertained crowds with art on the Boardwalk from the late 19th century until the 1940s . Look for Gowdy and fan favorite "  Amazin Walter " McDonald from South Padre Island , Texas , among the competitors .	Sand sculpture events are serious business ; this ai n't your childhood sand castle building It starts when a "  carver " is presented with a 10-ton pyramid of sand to work with Many events are not held at beaches , rather under tents or in parks and open spaces Event venues include Florida and California , surprising places like Latvia and Denmark
CNN  -- Organizations today would never think of not investing in high growth markets like China and India . Yet they are still dragging their heels when it comes to investing in women , despite it being a win-win situation for the global economy , organizations and women themselves . This is not just a human rights issue -- it makes absolute business sense . Research conducted throughout the world shows gender balance in top positions contributes to improved competitiveness and better business performance . In Europe this week , issues around women 's advancement and empowerment have been high on the agenda . The European Parliament 's economic affairs committee voted down the nomination of Luxembourg 's Yves Mersch to the European Central Bank board , calling for his candidacy to be withdrawn . It was a protest over the lack of women in top EU posts . Also , the EU 's Justice Commissioner , Viviane Reding , who is intent to impose an EU-wide quota for women on supervisory boards , looks likely to have to go with a watered down proposal to be presented mid-November . Debate on these issues is important precisely because it puts the issue of gender inequality on the table . It draws attention to the danger of having so few women at the top and encourages focus on the improved business benefits of engaging women , for individual organizations and the economy as a whole . But business leaders can not afford to be complacent and must demonstrate real progress . That 's why I set up the CEO Champions initiative with our CEO , Jim Turley , and the Women 's Forum for the Economy and Society . Change needs to be driven from the top of organizations , and peer groups like CEO Champions are so important because they are designed to create and gradually expand a group of leaders to act as champions of women 's empowerment , helping to achieve what I like to call "  visibility with teeth . " What makes our peer group unique is our ability to take a strong leadership role in the broader global business community and form powerful coalitions . Looking ahead , we have much to learn from other successful initiatives like the 30 % Club in the UK and Male Champions of Change in Australia . It is only through engaging with other groups and establishing greater visibility for CEO Champions that we can drive real change . What is clear is that business leaders must commit to champion change -- to be transparent about their goals for change , to align their incentives systems to drive the change , and to make sure their work environments are flexible in a way that allows men and women who choose to work to be able to achieve all of their potential . If they do n't champion that change , they will be doing so at their own peril and quotas will be a public policy hammer of last resort . Over the next decade , the impact of women on the global economy -- as producers , entrepreneurs , employees and consumers -- will be at least as significant as that of China 's or India 's one-billion-plus populations , if not greater . If women 's economic potential can be successfully harnessed and leveraged , it would be the equivalent of having an additional one billion individuals in business and in the workforce contributing to the global economy . It 's for this reason that Ernst & Young has been involved in the Third Billion global campaign , which unites governments , NGOs , corporations , youth and others to partner toward ensuring women 's access to legal protection , education and training , finance and markets . Just recently , Booz & Company published new data outlining compelling evidence that women can be powerful drivers of economic growth . Their estimates show that if female employment rates were to match male rates , overall GDP would grow significantly in the U.S. by 5 % , in Japan by 9 % , and in developing countries like Egypt by a massive 34 % . The World Economic Forum also published their annual Global Gender Gap report -- the data suggests a strong correlation between those countries that are most successful at closing the gender gap and those that are the most economically competitive . Some companies are already investing in women and thereby betting on a brighter future -- for a workforce just waiting to blossom , for emerging economies whose development depends on this new talent , and , of course , for their own financial growth . In the current economic climate there really is no longer any excuse to not be investing in one of the largest untapped economic engines . You can not flick a switch overnight but the private sector has a tremendous opportunity and responsibility to lead on these issues .	In Europe this week , issues around women 's advancement and empowerment high on the agenda Over next decade , women 's impact on global economy expected to be as significant as China or India Research shows improved gender balance in top positions contributes to better business performance GDP growth of over 5 % possible for countries which increase female employment rates to the level of men
CNN  -- A second-half brace from striker Luis Suarez secured Uruguay a 2-0 win over Peru and a place in the 2011 Copa America final . The Liverpool forward scored in the 52nd and 57th minute to down Sergio Markarian 's side , who were later reduced to 10 men . Uruguay , three-time winners of the tournament in its modern format , will now face either Venezuela , who have never lifted the continental competition , or 1979 champions Paraguay in Sunday 's final . The second semifinal will take place on Wednesday at the Estadio Malvinas Argentinas in Mendoza . The deadlock was broken seven minutes after the break , when Peru goalkeeper Raul Fernandez could only parry Diego Forlan 's shot and Suarez , 24 , found the net from an acute angle . Copa America flops : Who is to blame ? Victory was sealed for Oscar Tabarez 's side when Suarez rushed onto a lofted ball up field before rounding Fernandez and rolling a low shot into the unguarded goal . Suarez now has three goals in the tournament , which leaves him level with Argentina 's Sergio Aguero as the competition 's top goal scorer . Peru 's misery was complete on 68 minutes with the dismissal of their captain Juan Manuel Vargas for an elbow on defender Sebastian Coates . "  This victory is important , " Uruguay right-back Alvaro Pereira told the tournament 's official web site . "  I 'm very happy , but we must keep our feet on the ground . This team has demonstrated an amazing hunger for glory and now we must think about what is and how we did from the beginning , when we thought all games were finals . "  There are always mistakes and we made mistakes -LSB- against Peru -RSB- , but now we must correct them and hopefully we can win this cup . " The final will take place in Buenos Aires ' Estadio Monumental on Sunday .	Uruguay beat Peru 2-0 to reach the final of the 2011 Copa America Liverpool striker Luis Suarez scored a second half brace to secure the win Paraguay face Venezuela in Wednesday 's second semifinal
CNN Student News  -- February 28 , 2012 Media Literacy Question of the Day When you hear statistics in a news story , how do you decide if they are reliable ? * * Daily Discussion Questions According to the program , what incident happened at an Ohio high school yesterday ? What did one student there say about how his school prepared for such an emergency ? How do you think a school can best prepare for a possible emergency ? * * What is known about Iran 's nuclear program ? What does Iran say about its nuclear activities ? Why is the international community concerned about Iran 's nuclear program ? What is the purpose of the IAEA ? To what extent , if any , do you think that the IAEA could monitor Iran 's nuclear program ? * * What does Beverly Bond say about the images of African-American women in the media ? What organization did Bond found , and why ? What do the young people in the report say about Bond 's foundation ? Why do you think that Bond focused on mentoring through music ? If you could create a mentoring program for young people , what activities would you use to reach them ? * *	Use these questions to help students understand today 's featured news stories Today 's Daily Discussion includes the Media Literacy Question of the Day
CNN  -- The future of video gaming is bright , according to four industry visionaries who spoke at a recent gaming event . Kellee Santiago , Ken Levine , Paul Barrett and Mark DeLoura were part of a panel discussion at the opening of a new Smithsonian exhibit , The Art of Video Games . Each has been successful in the gaming business and has great hope for what 's to come . Barrett , the senior creative director for BioWare-Mythic , said people who are going to make games in the future are playing them right now . He describes this time in those gaming lives as their Golden Age . "  What 's interesting about my Golden Age is it is where I learned my prejudices about what games I liked and I do n't like , " Barrett said . "  That period defined my understanding of games so that when I had the chance to make games , those are the kinds of game I wanted to make . " For the gamers of today , he said , "  The current Golden Age is pretty bloody good . " Others on the panel said they were also driven to create games that reflected or expressed something they wanted to share with others . For Levine , the creative director of the "  BioShock " franchise , it is about creating worlds and telling stories that mean something in those worlds . He related a story about the creation of "  BioShock , " where players can save or sacrifice young girls , known as Little Sisters , to gain power . In the beginning of the creative process , the little girls were sea slugs . "  In order for the story to be meaningful , we had to create empathy between the player and the thing they were making a decision about , " Levine said . "  That took a while for that to come about . The actual choice became simple -- what do you want to do with this little girl ? " Santiago and DeLoura hope future game designers go beyond what games are about today and challenge themselves and the industry about what gaming could be . DeLoura , the vice president of technology at THQ , wants the constraints of today 's design to seem archaic to those who are just getting started and hopes for more diversity . "  The games that break down  the conventional  mentality is what does it for me , " he said . "  For us pioneers up here , one of the things I would like to challenge us to do is to reach out into communities you do n't expect games to come from and really pull those out and get them shared with the broader community . " Santiago , co-founder and president of thatgamecompany , echoed that sentiment of opening up new ideas for games of the future . She is also a partner in IndieFund , which helps independent game developers reach and maintain financial independence . "  My biggest hope is that the people who will be making games , what those people look like , completely changes , " she said . "  We 're going to see new types of stories and new types of experiences . With greater technology and distribution channels , it has flipped a switch for people and they say , ` Oh , I could do that too ! ' " Levine added that with additional venues for gaming like app stores and Kickstarter , future game designers do n't have to be driven to find funding to produce games anymore . He said that without that financial pressure , creativity goes up . "  Games were my companion as a kid , " Levine said . "  It did n't shut my world down . It opened my world up . " Barrett said there is a whole new wave of people who want to make games that are fearless , expect success and have wide ranging views . He said those future designers have one goal in mind . "  They do n't want to make games that are art . They want to make games that are awesome . "	Paul Barnett says future game makers are playing them now With app stores and Kickstarter , game designers wo n't have to be driven to find funding Mark DeLoura wants constraints of today 's design to seem archaic to those getting started
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Director Roman Polanski must return to the United States before the court will decide if he must go to prison for a 1977 sex conviction , a Los Angeles judge ruled Friday . Polanski 's lawyer argued that evidence of misconduct by the judge and prosecutor in the case 32 years ago should be considered now , without requiring Polanski to be present . The famed director of "  Rosemary 's Baby " and "  The Pianist " pleaded guilty to having unlawful sex with a 13-year-old girl in 1977 but fled to Europe before he was sentenced . He has been the subject of an international extradition battle since he was arrested in Switzerland in September on a U.S. fugitive warrant . At a hearing Friday afternoon , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza also rejected a request from Polanski 's victim -- Samantha Geimer , now in her 40s and a married mother of three -- to have the case dismissed . Geimer came forward long ago , saying she was disturbed by how the criminal case has been handled . "  There is no requirement that my client surrender , " Larry Silver , Geimer 's lawyer , said . "  Her suffering must come to an end . " Silver argued that "  Marsey 's law , " an initiative passed by California voters in 2008 giving crime victims certain rights , had been violated by the prosecution . Silver said Geimer was not consulted about the decision to extradite Polanski . Espinoza said the law was "  never intended in this fashion . " Polanski was 43 at the time of the conviction . Prosecutors dropped rape and other charges in exchange for the guilty plea . Polanski 's attorney Chad Hummel argued that his client had already been sentenced in 1977 when the judge sent him to California 's Chino prison for 45 days to be evaluated by psychologists . But Polanski fled the country before sentencing after learning the judge might not go along with the short jail term Polanski expected to get in exchange for his plea . He has been a fugitive since 1978 and lived in France before his arrest . "  Mr. Polanski did not flee from justice , " Hummel said . "  He left because a corrupt judge was going to sentence him a second time . " In the past , Espinoza acknowledged problems with the way Polanski 's case was handled , mentioning a documentary film that portrays backroom deals between prosecutors and a media-obsessed judge who was worried his public image would suffer if he did n't send Polanski to prison . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " Espinoza said at an earlier hearing . On Friday , Espinoza said "  nothing in the order precludes the possibility that the judge 's promise will not some day be enforced . " Deputy District Attorney David Walgren argued the only just solution would be for Polanski to waive extradition and return to the United States . "  It 's Mr. Polanski 's decision that has delayed the proceedings of this court , " Walgren said . "  Why will he not simply surrender to this court 's jurisdiction ? " David Wells , a retired Los Angeles prosecutor , was featured in the documentary , "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired . " Although he had never been assigned to handle the Polanski case , Wells said he goaded the judge . He later recanted during an interview with CNN , saying he had inflated his importance in the celebrity case because he did n't think the documentary would be shown in the United States . It was broadcast in 2008 on HBO , which , like CNN , is part of Time Warner . For years , Polanski , 76 , and various lawyers have made quiet overtures to resolve the case , but negotiations have always gotten bogged down over prosecutors ' insistence that he return to the United States and appear in a Los Angeles courtroom . Swiss authorities released the director from jail on $ 4.5 million bail in early December "  pending extradition " to the United States .	Director pleaded guilty to sex with teen in 1977 but left country before sentencing He was arrested in September on U.S. fugitive warrant Judge says he must return to U.S. before court decides whether he will go to prison
CNN  -- The Bush and Obama administrations ' extraordinary program of targeted killing has resulted in the deaths of as many as 4,400 people to date . Books such as Daniel Klaidman 's "  Kill or Capture " and David E. Sanger 's "  Confront and Conceal " are appearing thick and fast , focusing on the program and particularly on the use of drones to carry it out . The belated scrutiny is welcome . Yet it still fails to critically assess the essential question : Is this killing occurring in war ? Both Presidents Bush and Obama have attempted to justify thousands of drone attacks as part of a "  war " or "  armed conflict . " But is that correct ? The question must be answered in terms of international law . When the United States kills people in foreign , sovereign states , the world looks to international law for the standard of justification . In war , enemy fighters may be killed under a standard of reasonable necessity ; outside war , authorities are far more restricted in their right to resort to lethal force . Independent scholars confirm that many drone attacks are occurring outside war zones . These experts know the legal definition of war , and they understand why it is important to know it : Above all , protecting human rights is different in war than from protecting them in peace . News : Pakistan spy agency chief to tell CIA : End drone strikes ; ID targets for us to attack Admittedly , this dual standard for justifiable killing makes the law protecting the right to life more complicated than the law protecting other fundamental rights . Torture , for example , is absolutely prohibited in international law at all times , in war and peace . The law on killing is different . The human right to life codified in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , to which the United States is a party , prohibits the "  arbitrary " deprivation of life . It does not prohibit absolutely all taking of life . The military may use lethal force against enemy fighters during an armed conflict if the use of force meets the requirements of military necessity , and if it will not have a disproportionate impact on civilian lives and property . Countries may lawfully initiate armed conflict in self-defense if the state is the victim of a significant armed attack , as long as the self-defense is carried out against the state responsible for the armed attack . President Bush declared a "  global war on terror " after 9/11 to , presumably , gain the advantage of more relaxed rules on killing and detention . Some of the same lawyers who tried to develop legal cover for the use of torture produced an even flimsier analysis of why the entire world was a war zone , so that the president could authorize killing and detention of individuals worldwide . Lawyers in both the Bush and Obama administrations have reportedly prepared memos that according to the media assert the CIA may lawfully conduct so-called "  targeted killings " of the "  war on terror " without violating President Reagan 's ban on assassination . Legality seems to turn in this analysis on the president personally approving a "  kill list . " In November 2002 , the first killings occurred under this "  global war " assertion . Six people , including a 23-year-old American , were killed by Hellfire missiles in Yemen fired from CIA-operated drones based in Djibouti . The UN special rapporteur for extra-judicial killing condemned the attack as an arbitrary deprivation of the right to life , but it would take over six years and a change of party in the White House before human rights advocates , international law scholars , moral philosophers , theologians , and others would begin to focus on targeted killing as they had focused on the use of torture . Why has it taken so long to focus on so many questionable deaths ? As already indicated , the law is more complicated on killing than on torture . To make the legal argument against targeted killing requires sophisticated knowledge of a broader range of international law than is involved in defending a human right such as the right to be free from torture . Also , the Bush administration carried out fewer targeted killings : Of the 336 attacks as of July 2012 in Pakistan , 284 have occurred under Obama . Bush officials were better able , therefore , to suppress discussion . Also , human rights advocates had their hands full with the more visible problems of the Bush era : torture , Guantanamo Bay and military commissions . A number of them then joined the Obama administration ; rather than condemn targeted killing as the violation of international law that it is , some former critics are defending it , presumably as part of their job . Opinion : Civilian casualties plummet in drone strikes The job of the International Law Association is to report on international law in a scholarly and objective fashion . The ILA has had a Committee on the Use of Force for decades . From 2005 to 2010 , when I was its chair , the 18-member committee , including members from five continents , undertook to produce a report on how "  war " is legally defined . That report assesses hundreds of violent incidents over a period of 65 years . It concludes that under international law , war or armed conflict exists only when there is intense inter-group fighting by organized armed groups . These are objectively verifiable criteria that can not be fabricated by politicians . The International Committee of the Red Cross recently invoked them with respect to the violence in Syria . The situation in Syria became a civil "  war " when organized armed groups were fighting with intensity of some duration . Targeted killing with drones in Yemen , Somalia , and Pakistan have generally violated the right to life because the United States is rarely part of any armed conflict in those places . The human right to life that applies is the right that applies in peace . Complete coverage of drones on CNN 's Security Clearance blog Today , the United States is engaged in armed conflict only in Afghanistan . To lawfully resort to military force elsewhere requires that the country where the United States is attacking has first attacked the United States  such as Afghanistan in 2001  , the U.N. Security Council has authorized the resort to force  Libya in 2011  or a government in effective control credibly requests assistance in a civil war  Afghanistan since 2002  . If the president has been advised otherwise with regard to his "  kill list , " he should read "  What Is War ? " Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Ellen O'Connell .	O'Connell : U.S. drone strikes have killed as many as 4,400 people since 2002 Many drone attacks are occurring outside war zones , says O'Connell Those attacks have generally violated the right to life , she says O'Connell : A legal argument against targeted killing requires international law
COPENHAGEN , Denmark  CNN  -- After flying through the night for seven hours aboard Air Force One , nobody would blame President Obama for being at least slightly groggy when he arrived in Copenhagen , Denmark , for a quick four hours to make the final pitch for Chicago to host the 2016 Olympics . Michelle Obama 's speech in Copenhagen focused on her roots in Chicago and her father 's battle with MS. Maybe that explains why the president seemed to snag the silver medal while first lady Michelle Obama , who 's been in Copenhagen a couple of days , clearly took the gold with an emotional speech focused on her family 's roots in the South Side of Chicago , Illinois , and her late father 's battle with multiple sclerosis . "  Sports were a gift I shared with my dad , especially the Olympic Games , " Obama said in her portion of the U.S. delegation 's final presentation to the International Olympic Committee . "  Some of my best memories are sitting on my dad 's lap , cheering on Olga and Nadia , Carl Lewis and others for their brilliance and perfection . "  But I never dreamed that the Olympic flame might one day light up lives in my neighborhood , " she said . "  But today , I can dream , and I am dreaming of an Olympic and Paralympic Games in Chicago that will light up lives in neighborhoods all across America and all across the world . " The mention of the Paralympic Games was significant because a good bit of Obama 's speech tugged at the heartstrings by focusing on how her father was diagnosed with MS in his early 30s , leaving him nearly unable to walk . She spoke in a halting voice about how he kept getting sicker but still taught her how to play sports while propping himself up on crutches . "  My dad was my hero . And when I think of what these games could mean to people all over the world , I think of people like my dad , who face seemingly insurmountable challenges , but they never give up . " Watch as the president and Mrs. Obama speak in Copenhagen " IOC members will be voting Friday ; results will be announced after 12:30 p.m. ET . "  I think Chicago could not have made a better presentation . Now it 's up to the IOC , " President Obama said . "  Only thing I 'm upset about is I followed Michelle , which is never good . " Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley also did some lobbying . "  We want to share our city with the world , " Daley told IOC members . "  You have my commitment that Chicago will work every day for the next seven years to be an Olympic city that you and the world will be proud of . " The president gave the final word , saying that after moving around the world as a child , he finally settled in Chicago . "  I came to discover that Chicago is that most American of American cities , but one where citizens from more than 130 nations inhabit a rich tapestry of distinctive neighborhoods , " Obama said . "  Nearly one year ago , on a clear November night , people from every corner of the world gathered in the city of Chicago or in front of their televisions to watch the results of the U.S. presidential election , " he told IOC members . "  Their interest was n't about me as an individual . Rather , it was rooted in the belief that America 's experiment in democracy still speaks to a set of universal aspirations and ideals . "  There is nothing I would like more than to step just a few blocks from my family 's home and with Michelle and our two girls welcome the world back to our neighborhood . At the beginning of this new century , the nation that has been shaped by people from around the world wants a chance to inspire it once more . "	Obamas in Copenhagen making a pitch to bring 2016 Olympics to Chicago First lady talks about her roots on Chicago 's South Side , father 's battle with MS "  I am dreaming of an Olympic and Paralympic Games in Chicago , " she said International Olympic Committee will announce winner after 12:30 p.m. ET .
Editor 's note : Thomas Levenson is a professor at MIT , where he heads the Graduate Program in Science Writing . He is the author of a new book , "  Newton and the Counterfeiter " and an award-winning filmmaker , with 10 documentaries on science broadcast on PBS . Thomas Levenson says Isaac Newton 's bad gamble shows financial regulation has always been needed . CNN  -- From winter to spring 1720 , London , England , was delirious , entranced , rolling in money . It seemed as if riches were so easily gained that only fools would not buy into that brand new engine of wealth , the stock exchange , and especially into shares of the enterprise leading the boom , a banking concern called the South Sea Company . As spring turned into summer , no one , it seemed , could deny the obvious , not even the most rational of men . So , in June and again in July , Sir Isaac Newton -- the inventor of calculus  the branch of mathematics that describes change over time , which is to say , an awful lot of what matters in both science and life  ; the man who framed the laws of motion and set physics on its modern trajectory ; a pioneering chemist , an inventor  virtually all present-day telescopes derive from his design  , a religious historian -- and even a financial thinker -- put a sizable chunk of his personal fortune into shares of the South Sea Company . The bubble burst that September . Newton lost 90 percent of his stake -- a substantial fraction of his total worth . In that loss can be found the key to the debate we are having right now in the wake of the Obama administration 's move to re-regulate American financial markets . Arguments over the supervision of financial transactions occur in the wake of every bubble . Opponents of such regulation always return to the same simple claim . They say that investors are grown-ups , capable of making the best assessments of their own interests and acting accordingly . Markets are thus no more than self-correcting mechanisms for connecting such rational actors , and any attempt to impose rules on their interaction will only render them less efficient . Those in favor say that all this is nonsense , that in the real world , markets are not populated by equally well-informed people analyzing their own circumstances and acting accordingly -- and that every financial collapse thus takes down both those who should have known better and those who could n't have hoped to . Hence , they say , an active enforcer needs to provide a level playing field and to deter actual fraud . Painfully recent experience suggests that 's true enough -- but Newton 's case suggests a deeper necessity at the heart of the case for proactive regulation . What happened to him , or rather , how he acted , reveals a fundamental truth of economic and emotional life : At the point of crisis , when clear thought and a cool head matter most , no one is in fact a rational actor -- not even the greatest scientific mind of his or any other age . So what brought Newton low ? Desire , perhaps envy , or , in other words , human nature . Newton had been an active trader in the new stock market for years before the bubble year of 1720 . He made his first investment in the South Sea issue early , in 1713 , and held it for several years , marking a modest paper profit . He held on through early 1720 , as the company pursued a new and increasingly risky banking deal -- and as insiders began to talk up the  as it turned out , fictitious  trading profits the company expected from another venture . That got the desired result , a sudden leap in stock prices . Starting at # 128 in January , the price for South Sea securities rose to # 175 in February and then # 330 in March . Newton kept his head -- at first . He sold in April , content with his  quite spectacular  gains to date . But then , between April and June , share prices tripled , reaching over # 1,000 ... which is precisely when he could stand it no longer . Having "  lost " two thirds of his potential gain , Newton bought again at the very top , and bought more after a slight decline in July . If that sounds familiar , it should , at least to buyers of Webvan in 2000 , just before the Internet bubble burst -- or , for that matter , to those who picked up Lehman Brothers shares in winter 2008 . The South Sea stock price held up through August 1720 , and then in September , the gap between the possible income from all the purchased debt and the returns promised to investors became too obvious to ignore . The bubble burst , and South Sea share prices collapsed to roughly their pre-bubble level . Newton 's losses totaled as much as # 20,000 , between $ 4 million and $ 5 million in 21st century terms . The catastrophe did not sink him ; he had made other , more cautious investments , including a significant stake in the East India Company , and when he died in 1727 , his estate was valued at # 30,000 pounds . But it was a terrific blow , even so . Here 's why this story matters now . Of all people , Newton should have known better . He had , after all , invented the mathematics that could expose the impossibility of the South Sea Company 's promise of returns to be paid to an everlasting stream of new investors . And yet , even he could not resist the prospect of infinite returns on his money . Hence , the obligation to regulate . There is plenty of recent academic research that confirms that bubbles -- including the ones we 've just endured -- are not unique disasters , but the predictable consequences of human behavior in the context of implausible rewards . What Newton 's experience tells us is that this has been true since the beginning of modern markets -- and that mere intelligence , even genius , does n't help . Isaac Newton said so himself . After the disaster , he could not bear to hear the phrase "  South Sea " mentioned in his presence . But just once he admitted that while he knew how to predict the motions of the cosmos , "  he could not calculate the madness of the people . " We still ca n't . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Thomas Levenson .	Thomas Levenson : Isaac Newton was a mathematical , scientific genius He says Newton got swept up in the South Sea financial mania He says he lost a big part of his fortune when the South Sea bubble burst Levenson : Financial regulation crucial to protect investors
Sen. Rand Paul said Wednesday that experts and government officials are downplaying the Ebola threat , and he speculated whether the U.S. may end up with a "  whole ship full " of American soldiers infected with the virus . In two interviews the Kentucky Republican and ophthalmologist suggested that the U.S. consider canceling flights from affected countries , and that the border with Mexico is not secure enough to keep infected individuals out . How the Ebola virus spreads Speaking to conservative talk radio host Laura Ingraham , Paul questioned whether the Obama administration should carry out its plan to send 3,000 troops to Ebola hot zones in Africa . "  You also have to be concerned about 3,000 soldiers getting back on a ship . Where is disease most transmittable ? When you 're in a very close confines on a ship , we all know about cruises and how they get these diarrhea viruses that are transmitted very easily , " he said . "  Can you imagine if a whole ship full of our soldiers catch Ebola ? " Your Ebola questions answered At a Pentagon press conference , civilian officials said no decisions have been made about the procedures for troops returning to the U.S. , even though some are already there , CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr reported . Officials could not say if troops will be quarantined before they return home and if they fall ill how they would be evacuated from Africa . The military is considering converting transport aircraft for the possibility of quarantining troops if needed . They say , however , that the troops will not come into direct contact with people ill with Ebola . Ebola reaches U.S. : A tragedy of errors Paul , who 's laying groundwork for a potential presidential campaign , said "  we should not underestimate the transmissibility of this " and questioned the validity to what experts have said . He said officials and the government are letting "  political correctness " stand in the way of serious discussion about the threat . "  It 's a big mistake to downplay and act as if ` oh , this is not a big deal , we can control all this . ' This could get beyond our control , " he said . In a separate interview with conservative talk show host Glenn Beck , Paul expressed concern about the lack of security at the border , saying an insecure "  border is not only a danger for national security purposes , it is also a danger for a world-wide pandemic should it occur . " Should we worry ? He was also open to talking about canceling U.S. flights from countries where Ebola is rampant . "  If quarantine works within those countries , maybe the countries where it 's  a problem  , they will have to be quarantined from the rest of the world , " he said . The number of individuals treated for Ebola in Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone surpassed 6,500 , with more than 3,000 deaths , according to the World Health Organization . The first person to be diagnosed with Ebola in the U.S. was identified Wednesday in Dallas . He started exhibiting symptoms after he flew into Liberia , an Ebola hot zone . Experts at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say the virus is contracted through direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person , and it does n't spread through the air . White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Wednesday that the Obama administration has the necessary "  medical infrastructure " to treat the Ebola patient without his illness posing a significant risk to others .	Rand Paul said the government is downplaying the Ebola He says the U.S. should consider canceling flights from Ebola countries Paul has concerns about U.S. troops going over to help
Washington  CNN  -- When Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine rocked the political world with her announcement that she would not seek a fourth term in the Senate , she was forthright in expressing her frustration with "  an atmosphere of polarization " in politics . But for all her transparency , it was one of Snowe 's Senate colleagues who perhaps best summed up her motivation for deciding to end her decades-long tenure on Capitol Hill . "  I think she lost hope , " Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina , told CNN . Graham , who like Snowe had participated in bipartisan efforts to find compromise on hot-button issues , added , "  You know , all of us need to believe there is a light at the end of the tunnel . If you lose that belief , why do you spend seven years of your life -- which in her case would have been her commitment -- to do something that there seems no hope . " Citing partisanship , Snowe makes surprising exit Snowe is the latest in a string of centrist senators to announce that they will not seek re-election in the fall . Late last year , Sen. Ben Nelson , a conservative Democrat from Nebraska , announced that he would not seek re-election in 2012 . In a statement announcing his decision , Nelson called for "  those who will follow in my footsteps to look for common ground and to work together in bipartisan ways to do what 's best for the country , not just one political party . " At the beginning of 2011 , Sen. Joe Lieberman , an independent from Connecticut who caucuses with Senate Democrats but agrees with Senate Republicans on many issues of foreign policy and national security , announced he would not run again in 2012 . "  I have not always fit comfortably into conventional political boxes , " Lieberman said at the time , "  Democrat , Republican , liberal or conservative . Because I 've always thought my first responsibility is not to serve a political party but to serve my constituents , my state , and my country . " Nelson and Lieberman are joined by Sens. Jim Webb , a centrist Democrat from Virginia focused on military and foreign affairs ; Kent Conrad , a North Dakota Democrat who said a re-election campaign would distract him from focusing on trying to solve the nation 's serious challenges ; and Jeff Bingaman , a New Mexico Democrat . Retiring senators : Time is ripe for bipartisanship While Snowe 's departure is indicative of growing partisanship in the Senate , it will also be an unexpected obstacle to conservatives ' ambition of regaining a Republican majority in the Senate . Democrats hold a 53-47 majority in the Senate but are defending 23 of the 33 seats up for grabs in November , including those of two independents who caucus with the Democrats . "  It 's a significant blow to Republican prospects in picking up the Senate , " Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of the Rothenberg Political Report , said . "  They 're going to now have to defend a very difficult seat . " In the wake of Snowe 's announcement , both Rothenberg and the Cook Political Report , both of which are nonpartisan , changed their ratings of the outlook for her Senate seat in the general election from "  likely Republican " to a toss-up . Snowe explains reasons for leaving Rothenberg said that he thought "  probably most people would agree " with Snowe 's comments about the climate in the Senate . Congress ' upper chamber is starting "  to look more and more like the House , " observed Rothenberg , where Republicans and Democrats have recently found themselves in the past year on opposite sides of an ideological gulf . " -LSB- The Senate 's -RSB- not there yet , " Rothenberg said , "  but it starts to look more like the House where you have people increasingly on both ends of the spectrum and relatively few people in the middle . And the people on each partisan side are more hesitant to compromise . " "  The center has been under siege in our Congress , " CNN contributor John Avlon said . "  This is not normal and it 's not healthy for our democracy , " Avlon also said about the heightened level of partisanship in Congress currently . Avlon : Snowe 's departure symptom of partisan illness Avlon added , "  We 've had divided government before and we 've been able to accomplish great things in our history ... but because hyper-partisanship has hijacked our politics with this divided government -LSB- right now -RSB- we 've got dysfunctional government . " What Avlon sees as dysfunction that impedes achieving bipartisan consensus , others -- especially conservatives and tea party movement activists -- see as a necessary and principled commitment to core ideological values . Indeed , backed by support from the tea party movement , a cadre of close to 90 freshman Republican House members arrived in Washington in 2011 committed to imposing fiscal discipline and either rolling back or stopping many of Democrats ' key policy priorities . "  You 're calling them centrists and moderates , " Amy Kremer , chairman of the Tea Party Express , said of Snowe and others on Capitol Hill . "  But they 're not centrists and moderates in the things that matter to us , and that 's fiscal responsibility . " "  They are extreme on the spending , " Kremer added , "  and because of their reaching across the aisle and continuing to compromise we are now -LSB- close to -RSB- $ 16 trillion in debt . That 's extreme . And we can not support people like that . " Although observers like Rothenberg believe Snowe would have survived a primary challenge and won re-election , a year ago the Tea Party Express included Snowe on its 2012 target list . "  She 's definitely one that has voted to spend more and grow government and she 's definitely not a small-government , rein-in-the-spending senator , " Kremer said of her organization 's decision to target Snowe for ouster . Asked about the paradoxical situation created by Snowe 's decision , with the GOP now facing a new obstacle in retaking the Senate , Kremer made no apologies for the tea party movement 's push for more commitment to conservative fiscal principles . "  Regardless of whether President Obama is re-elected or not , we need to take back the Senate , " Kremer said . "  We have changed the narrative , " added Kremer , "  Never before have Democrats even been talking about cutting spending . So we have to take that gavel out of -LSB- Senate Majority Leader -RSB- Harry Reid 's hand . " Kremer said Republican Sens. Jim DeMint of South Carolina , Rand Paul of Kentucky and Mike Lee of Utah are examples of the kind of fiscal conservatives that the tea party movement would like to see more of in the Senate after this fall 's election . Despite partisan pressures for firmer ideological commitments from conservatives and the tea party movement on the right , and increasingly from liberals and the Occupy Wall Street movement on the left , some centrists remain in the Senate . "  I am concerned when people like Evan Bayh , Olympia Snowe and Ben Nelson leave the Senate , " said Sen. Mark Warner , D-Virginia . "  I hope and pray it does n't mean the end of sensible people in the Senate who wan to get things done . " Warner was a member of the so-called "  Gang of Six , " a bipartisan group of senators who tried prior to the creation of the debt "  Super Committee " this summer to arrive at a deficit-reduction deal that would have shaved roughly $ 4 trillion off the federal deficit . Although the "  Gang of Six " did not succeed in crafting a plan that garnered enough support for passage in the Senate , Warner was quick to point out that the bipartisan effort did get 45 senators to sign on to its broad , bipartisan deficit reduction plan . And far from giving up on bipartisanship , Warner said that he and Sen. Lamar Alexander , R-Tennessee , have been hosting a series of bipartisan dinners for their fellow senators . Four have been held so far , Warner said , with about 20 senators attending each gathering so that a majority of the Senate has already participated in the events . Republican shake-ups in Senate leadership "  It does worry me if you allow voices on the ends of the political extreme to dominate the debate , " Warner said , "  That 's not where the American people are . They want us to get things done . " Pointing to Congress ' historically low approval rating , Warner said he thinks its "  both good policy and good politics " to try to figure out ways to get things done in Congress . Warner said he was "  disappointed " to hear that Snowe would not seek re-election . "  She 's a great senator , " the Democrat said of his Republican colleague , "  She did n't view every issue through a partisan prism . " On the same day that Warner praised his soon-to-be former colleague , Snowe held a news conference in her native Maine to explain her surprise decision . Snowe told a gathering of family , friends , staff , and reporters that she did not see the partisan atmosphere in Congress changing . "  To the contrary , what I like to call the sensible center has now virtually disappeared in Washington , " Snowe said . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Dana Bash , Paul Steinhauser , Rebecca Stewart , Alexander Mooney , Shannon Travis and Mark Preston contributed to this report .	Sen. Olympia Snowe , R-Maine , surprised political world with her decision not to run again . "  I think she lost hope , " a fellow Senate Republican said . Snowe is the latest in a string of Senate centrists to announce retirement . Despite departures , some centrists remain including Sen. Mark Warner , D-Virginia .
CNN  -- We 're in the thick of the South Carolina Republican Primary , and all the ugly old stereotypes are being deployed as shorthand for one very beautiful state . You know , the characterization of South Carolina as a swamp of sleazy politics and brutal attack ads , a Bible Belt bastion of rednecks and racism , a state defined by Bob Jones University . Sometimes these stereotypes are floated in political conversation as evidence of how "  real " the state is in determining the true feelings of the conservative base . Yes , South Carolina is conservative -- especially compared with Washington , Los Angeles and New York City . But it is complex and constantly evolving , containing one of the oldest cities in America and a growing population , especially along the coastline . My family moved there when I was 14 , and we love the state -- and especially the elegant , functional and lyrical city of Charleston -- with the zeal of the converted . For my parents , it is home . So below are three stubborn stereotypes about South Carolina that need to be confronted with facts . This is n't Strom Thurmond 's state anymore South Carolina is sometimes stereotyped as a lonely bastion of rural white social conservatives . In fact , the state is nearly 30 % African-American -- more than double the national average . An influx of immigrants from other states and retirees looking for a better quality of life have helped transform the state over the past three decades , boosting its population 15 % in the past decade alone . Most of this growth has happened on the coastline -- especially around Charleston , Myrtle Beach and Hilton Head Island -- and the booming Greenville-Spartanburg metro area in the Upstate . Thanks to a combination of Right to Work laws and reduced tax burden , major manufacturing companies have relocated plants to the state , including BMW and Boeing . Nearly 60 % of the state population lives in cities , towns or suburbs -- and just more than 40 % of the state was born elsewhere . "  People do n't take into account the general migration of wealthy , well-educated , generally successful retirees and their families to South Carolina and the South in general in the last two decades , " attests Will Cathcart , former managing editor of The Charleston Mercury . This influx also makes for more in-state political diversity than is commonly understood . Longtime Charleston Mayor Joe Riley is a Democrat who recently won his 10th term in a nonpartisan election . Democratic House Whip James Clyburn also hails from the state . But perhaps the ultimate symbol of how South Carolina has changed is U.S. Rep. Tim Scott , an African-American tea party conservative who defeated former Sen. Strom Thurmond 's son in a 2010 primary to represent the First District , where the Civil War started . Bob Jones University does n't represent the state Yes , there are many social conservatives and evangelicals in South Carolina -- especially in the Upstate , near controversial Bob Jones University . But they are seen more as a local curiosity than a real barometer of statewide opinion -- small businesses and the beach and hunting culture define day-to-day life in South Carolina more than the Bible Belt . Sixty-percent of GOP primary voters identified as evangelical four years ago , but that 's the same percentage as the Iowa caucuses . And while just 11 % of Iowa caucus-goers identified as moderate , in South Carolina that number grows to 24 % . Finally , do n't forget that John McCain won the South Carolina primary in 2008 , notably without major evangelical support . Fiscal conservatives and military veterans responded to his message of political reform , a local tradition carried out by Sen. Lindsey Graham and former Gov. Mark Sanford -- before he went hiking the Appalachian Trial . The Bob Jones University president endorsed Mitt Romney last time around -- despite maintaining that Mormonism is a cult -- and Romney came in fourth . Gov. Nikki Haley does n't speak for the Tea Party Elected in 2010 , South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is a rapidly rising star in national politics . It 's easy to see why -- at 39 , she is the first female and the first Indian-American to hold the position of South Carolina governor . A tea party favorite in 2010 , her surprisingly narrow election -- 51 % to 47 % was nonetheless a reminder of the reality of the New South , and the growing diversity of the Republican Party . When she endorsed Romney , it was considered big news and the news release headline was dutifully reprinted -- "  Romney receives Tea Party support in South Carolina . " But Haley 's national profile is outstripping her in-state popularity , which stands at 34.6 % , according to a recent Winthrop University poll . Surreally , this makes Haley less popular in South Carolina than President Barack Obama , who clocks in at 44 % in the same poll and who lost the Palmetto State by 9 points in 2008 . The real leader of the tea party in South Carolina -- and a national force as well -- is Sen. Jim DeMint , and he 's not endorsing any presidential candidate this time around . There 's no question that South Carolina is pivotal for the Republican presidential nomination -- the winner has been the nominee since 1980 . But the differences between the Palmetto State and the New Hampshire primary or Iowa caucuses should be understood with the proper perspective . One of the biggest differences is the state of the local economy -- Iowa and New Hampshire have unemployment rates well below the national average , but in South Carolina the unemployment rate is close to 10 % -- adding to the calculus that Newt Gingrich 's Super PAC made when it decided to unleash the anti-Bain Capital ad . Likewise , Rick Santorum might do well in the state as much for his focus on strengthening U.S. manufacturing as his much-vaunted social conservative purism . And if Romney does win the primary , it will be aided in part by the fact that he is the most center-right figure remaining in the Republican field . As CNN heads down to Charleston for Thursday night 's debate , it 's all just a reminder not to fall back on lazy national narratives but instead find the real facts when it comes to the great state of South Carolina . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Stories refer to South Carolina in no-longer true , if ever , stereotypes State population is diverse , he says ; it 's 30 % black with a growing immigrant population Avlon : Bob Jones University does n't define the state culturally Unemployment high , he says , but there are more moderates in S.C. than in Iowa
Washington  CNN  -- American athletes are being warned not to wear their Olympic uniforms outside of the upcoming Winter Games in Sochi , Russia , where they will be under the watchful eye of U.S. security officials who will attend events with them , State Department officials said Friday . The news about the security steps being taken to safeguard the U.S. Olympic team follow revelations this week that Russian authorities were searching for a wanted terror suspect in and around the vicinity of the upcoming Games . It was just one of what a senior State Department official has described as an "  uptick in threat reporting " in the lead-up the Olympics , scheduled for February 7-23 . "  Our expectation is that we will see more in the coming weeks , " the official , speaking on background , told reporters during a briefing on Olympic security measures . Among the steps being taken is a warning to athletes , coaches and officials not wear their red-white-and-blue Olympic uniforms when away from competition . "  If you are an American Olympic athlete , you do n't want to advertise that far outside the Olympic venues , " another senior State Department official , speaking on background , told reporters during a briefing . The officials confirmed the advice was provided by the security coordinator of the U.S. Olympic team , a story that was first reported Friday by The Wall Street Journal . Additionally , the security for individual athletes will be very tight . State Department security personnel will be accompanying athletes to every single event , every single venue . " ... It is to make sure we have eyes on the teams and eyes on the events , " another senior State Department official said . The officials did not say how many U.S. security officials would be on the ground with the U.S. Olympic team in Sochi , but the number is likely to be considerable given there are more than 230 athletes and 270 coaches and other U.S. officials . That does n't take into account the roughly 10,000 U.S. citizens , according to State Department estimates , who are expected to attend the Games as spectators . Even as the State Department officials said there was "  no specific Sochi Olympic evacuation plan that we are ready to just pull off , " Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel appeared to indicate there was a plan of some sort . "  We 've had conversations with the Russian government on protection of our citizens , " Hagel told reporters . " ... If we need to extract our citizens , we will have appropriate arrangements with the Russians to do that . " Russia has not asked the United States for "  any specific assistance or technology , " Hagel said . The United States is moving two warships into the Black Sea , Hagel said . "  We want to help . But right now there has been no request from the Russian government for any particular assistance . " Barbara Starr reported from Washington ; Chelsea J. Carter reported and wrote from Atlanta .	State Department security officials will accompany U.S. athletes to events "  It is to make sure we have eyes on the teams and eyes on the events , " an official says The U.S. team has been warned not to wear their uniforms " far outside the Olympic venues " About 10,000 U.S. citizens are expected to attend the Games , according to estimates
Calling all Elizabeth Gallaghers in Canada : Would you like a free trip around the world ? Toronto resident Jordan Axani , 28 , is looking for a woman with the same name as his ex-girlfriend to take a couple of airline tickets off his hands . Axani posted on Reddit that he booked this "  fairly wicked " trip in March when he and the original Elizabeth Gallagher were still together . After they broke up , he did n't want the tickets to go to waste . "  Anyone familiar with with the archaic system that is modern air travel will know that a name change on a ticket is damn near impossible , " he wrote on the site . If you 're lucky enough to be Canadian and have the name Elizabeth Gallagher , here is your itinerary : December 21 : NYC to Milan December 28 : Prague to Paris December 29 : Paris to Bangkok January 7 : Bangkok to New Delhi January 8 : New Delhi to Toronto Oh , and if you want to stay a few extra days in India , that 's an option too , Axani says . "  I am not looking for anything in return . I am not looking for companionship , romance , drugs , a trade , or to take selfies with you in front of the Christmas Market in Prague , " he wrote . "  If you feel compelled to toss me a couple hundred bucks , great . Really the only thing I ask for is that you enjoy this trip and that it bring you happiness . " Better hurry , though . Axani says he has received thousands of emails from around the world in response to his Reddit post , including "  dozens of emails from Elizabeths who are Canadian . " No word on how he 's going to make the final selection . There 's probably not enough time before the trip to do it "  Survivor " style . The real question is whether it 's possible for another Elizabeth Gallagher to travel under a ticket purchased for Axani 's ex . Airline policies typically forbid the transfer of tickets , but in this case , how would they know ? Axani says he booked it on Priceline using Elizabeth 's first and last name only  no middle name  . And we know security agents at the airport generally do n't check birth dates , which are required to purchase a ticket . CNN has reached out to the Canadian Air Transport Security Authority to find out whether they have any security measures in place that would prevent Elizabeth Gallagher 2.0 from traveling .	A 28-year-old Toronto man is looking for a Canadian woman named Elizabeth Gallagher He booked several plane tickets in his ex-girlfriend 's name in March Trip includes flights to Milan , Paris , Bangkok and New Delhi
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Fighting raged in Afghanistan over the weekend , with a suicide bombing slaying six people , a NATO-led soldier and an Afghan police officer dying in an "  altercation , " and troops killing several insurgents in battles , authorities said . Fighting between the Taliban and NATO forces continues to rage in Afghanistan . The suicide bombing on Sunday killed six people in a bazaar in Spin Boldak , located in Kandahar province , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  said on Monday . Along with the deaths , at least 17 people were wounded , and ISAF condemned the assault . Four of those killed were Afghan border police officers , ISAF said . The location is in southern Afghanistan . The ISAF soldier and an Afghan police officer were killed after seven people were apprehended in connection with a roadside bombing in Paktia province on Sunday that targeted an Afghan National Police and ISAF patrol . The location is in eastern Afghanistan . "  The detained civilians were then transferred to the ANP station at the Jaji District Center . While at the district center , there was an altercation during which an ANP officer and one ISAF soldier were killed , " ISAF said in a Monday news release . The U.S.-led coalition on Monday reported fighting between U.S. and Afghan troops and insurgents over the last two days -- Sunday in Kandahar province and Saturday in Helmand province . "  Several insurgents " were reported killed in both incidents . Two insurgents died in fighting on Friday in another southern region -- Zabul province , the coalition said on Monday .	Militants kill eight people and injure at least 17 in latest attacks Insurgents killed a coalition soldier in eastern Afghanistan Soldier 's name and nationality held until family members could be notified
HAMILTON , Bermuda  CNN  -- Two of four Uyghurs relocated to Bermuda after seven years of detention in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , denied Friday that they had ever been terrorists and expressed gratitude toward U.S. President Barack Obama for working to free them . Salahidin Abdalahut and Kheleel Mamut were two of four Uyghurs released from Gitmo . Thirteen remain there . Asked what he would say to someone who accused him of being a terrorist , one of the men , Kheleel Mamut , told CNN 's Don Lemon , "  I am no terrorist ; I have not been terrorist . I will never be terrorist . I am a peaceful person . " Speaking through an interpreter who is herself a Uyghur who said she was sympathetic toward the men , the other man -- Salahidin Abdalahut -- described the past seven years as "  difficult times for me ... I feel bad that it took so long for me to be free . " The two Chinese Muslims were among four relocated from Guantanamo to Bermuda ; another 13 remain in detention on the island . He said he had traveled to Afghanistan not to attend any terrorist training camps but because -- as a Uyghur -- he had been oppressed by the Chinese government . "  We had to leave the country to look for a better life , a peaceful life , and Afghanistan is a neighboring country to our country , and it 's easy to go , " he said . "  It is difficult to obtain a visa to go to any other places , so it was really easy for us to just travel to Afghanistan . " Asked what he hoped to do next , he said , "  I want to forget about the past and move on to a peaceful life in the future . " In addition to the four relocated from Guantanamo to Bermuda , another 13 Uyghurs remain in detention on the island . The four were flown by private plane Wednesday night from Cuba to Bermuda , and were accompanied by U.S. and Bermudian representatives as well as their attorneys , according to Susan Baker Manning , part of the men 's legal team . The men , who are staying in an apartment , are free to roam about the island . Mamut accused the Bush administration of having held them without cause , and lauded Obama for having "  tried really hard to bring justice and he has been trying very hard to find other countries to resettle us and finally he freed us . " He appealed to Obama to carry out his promise to shut Guantanamo Bay within a year . "  I would like President Obama to honor that word and to free my 13 brothers who were left behind and all of the rest of the people who deserve to be free , " Mamut said . Asked how he had been treated in Guantanamo Bay , Mamut said , "  It is a jail , so there will be difficulties in the jail that we have faced and now , since I am a free man today , I would like to forget about all that . I really do n't want to think about those days . " He cited a proverb from his homeland that means , "  What is done can not be undone . " Asked if he had anything to say to anyone watching , he said , "  Thank you very much for those people who helped me to gain freedom . " He said he had spoken earlier in the day with his family . "  They told me , "  My boy , my son , congratulations on your freedom . ' " The move has had international repercussions , including causing a rift between the United States and Britain . A British official familiar with the agreement but not authorized to speak publicly on the matter told CNN the United States had informed London of the agreement "  shortly before the deal was concluded . " A U.S. official , speaking on background , said the British feel blindsided . Bermuda is a British "  overseas territory . " The four were twice cleared for release -- once by the Bush administration and again this year , according to a Justice Department statement . The issue of where they go is controversial because of China 's opposition to the Uyghurs ' being sent to any country but China . Uyghurs are a Muslim minority from the Xinjiang province of far west China . The 17 Uyghurs had left China and made their way to Afghanistan , where they settled in a camp with other Uyghurs opposed to the Chinese government , the Justice Department said in its statement . They left Afghanistan after U.S. bombings began in the area in October 2001 and were apprehended in Pakistan , the statement said . "  According to available information , these individuals did not travel to Afghanistan with the intent to take any hostile action against the United States , " the statement said . However , China alleges that the men are part of the East Turkestan Islamic Movement -- a group the U.S. State Department considers a terrorist organization -- that operates in the Xinjiang region . East Turkestan is another name for Xinjiang . China on Thursday urged the United States to hand over all 17 of the Uyghurs instead of sending them elsewhere . The United States will not send Uyghur detainees cleared for release back to China out of concern that they would be tortured by Chinese authorities . China has said no returned Uyghurs would be tortured . A senior U.S. administration official told CNN that the State Department is working on a final agreement with Palau to settle the 13 remaining Uyghur detainees . CNN 's Don Lemon and Brian Vitagliano in Hamilton , Bermuda , and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	Two Uyghurs relocated from Guantanamo spoke Friday with CNN 's Don Lemon Both denied having been terrorists and expressed gratitude toward U.S. president Four of the Chinese Muslims were relocated to Bermuda ; 13 remain at Gitmo Incident has had international repercussions centering on where to relocate men
CNN  -- The secretive British artist Banksy , not content with the immense publicity already generated by his recent decision to create graffiti and other art installations around New York City each day for a month , may have finally worn out his welcome . In a crude , obscene bid for attention , Banksy published a rant on Sunday against One World Trade Center , calling it a "  shy skyscraper " that "  so clearly proclaims the terrorists have won . " INTERACTIVE : Explore Banksy in New York "  You currently have under construction a one thousand foot tall sign that reads , ` New York -- we lost our nerve , ' " he wrote . "  One World Trade Center declares the glory days of New York are gone . " New Yorkers , who are still recovering from the billions of dollars and thousands of lives lost at the World Trade Center on September 11 , 2001 , reacted with understandable outrage . "  TOWERING INSULT " screamed the front-page headline of the New York Daily News , proclaiming that Banksy "  spits on graves of 9/11 victims . " New York is a city long accustomed to attention-seeking huckster-artists who push -- and exceed -- the limits of decency and good taste . But even in a town that gave the world Warhol , Madonna , Diddy and Lady Gaga , the Banksy screed against the World Trade Center site was a bit much to bear . Banksy , who perhaps imagines he 's bringing a fresh , avant-garde perspective to the issue , is actually joining the conversation about a decade too late . Back when the World Trade Center was still a smoking , twisted pile of debris , all sorts of New Yorkers -- from planners and artists to financiers , politicians and everyday citizens -- had begun a vast , anguished debate over what , if anything , should be built on the 16 acres where so many perished . Countless planning meetings were held , involving arts groups , real estate professionals , engineers and political leaders . A string of group brainstorming sessions  called charrettes  was convened , where different ideas were sketched out and turned into models . Artists and architects were invited to dream up something new , and nine different designs emerged . I was one of the planners behind an extraordinary two-day public planning session , called Listening to the City , in which thousands of New Yorkers gathered at a convention center and spent hours discussing and electronically voting on the different visions , and talking about the principles that should govern the rebuilding . Groups of total strangers sat and asked one another key questions . How much space should be devoted to commerce ? How large should the memorial be ? Should the site be returned to its original use as an office tower , or turned into a Gettysburg-type urban meadow  the use suggested by ex-Mayor Rudy Giuliani  ? At the time , there was a serious question about whether any large companies would choose to relocate in a place that had twice been attacked by terrorists . And along the way , we tackled the very issue Banksy is now whining about : What effect will the new building have on the city skyline ? New Yorkers also debated whether to create a memorial near , beneath or alongside a new building . In the end , we opened the memorial design to the entire world , resulting in more than 5,000 entries , constituting the largest design competition in history . One wonders if Banksy bothered to send in a sketch . The matter was largely resolved the way big public questions are supposed to get settled in a democracy : through a chain of public and private conflicts and compromises that generated a final product reflecting many visions . Like many iconic buildings in New York , One World Trade Center is a place of commerce , continuing a tradition that created the New York skyline -- from the Woolworth Building  the first skyscraper  to the Chrysler Building , Citicorp Center and the original World Trade Center itself . The men who designed and built these and many other bold cathedrals of capitalism were trying to make money , not art . Larry Silverstein , the developer of the World Trade Center , received a multi-billion-dollar insurance payment for the destroyed building , under terms that included a requirement that he rebuild and lease an equivalent amount of commercial space . And after the loss of 3,000 people in one of the worst atrocities ever committed on American soil , the issue of security was seared into the thinking of the public and private authorities involved in rebuilding the site . New Yorkers fought , fussed and financed for years . "  104 floors of compromise ? " asks Banksy . Well , yes . The basic proposition of America -- the Latin motto printed on our currency -- is "  e pluribus unum " : out of many , one . The new building , and the process that led to its creation , is quintessentially American , right to the peak of its spire , specifically designed to soar exactly 1,776 feet in the air , a nod to the year we broke from British domination in the founding act of American audacity . Banksy , a British citizen , seems to have missed or misunderstood the symbolism , and much else , in his short time in New York . Needless to say , the democratically generated blend of culture and commerce at the World Trade Center site -- which draws millions of visitors , dwarfing any audience Banksy is likely to have -- will stand as a monument to our values and drive long after sarcastic visiting artists have moved on . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : Street artist Banksy published rant slamming One World Trade Center He says for a city that made cooperation , compromise part of design process , that 's too much He says building reflects many visions , rises 1776 feet to reflect year U.S. broke from British "  104 floors of compromise ? " asks Banksy . Well , yes , says Louis -- he missed the point
Melbourne , Australia  CNN  -- Li Na took advantage of her second chance at the Australian Open . The Chinese tennis trailblazer was a point away from exiting in the third round but survived against Lucie Safarova and did n't lose another set the rest of the tournament . The world No. 4 beat diminutive dynamo Dominika Cibulkova 7-6  7-3  6-0 in Saturday 's final to collect a second grand slam title following her success at the 2011 French Open . Li also made it third time lucky in Melbourne after defeats in the 2011 and 2013 finale . "  At least , you know , I made it , " Li told reporters . "  Not like the last two times , always feeling  there was  one more step . But this time I 'm so proud myself . " The 31-year-old was a popular champion -- receiving the lion 's share of applause when the players were introduced at Rod Laver Arena -- and likely attracted even more fans thanks to her comical post-match speech on court . Read more : Full coverage of CNN 's Open Court Li began by thanking her agent , Max Eisenbud , who also represents Maria Sharapova . "  Max , my agent , thanks for making me rich , " said Li , named last year by Forbes as the third richest female athlete in the world behind Sharapova and Serena Williams with takings of $ 18.2 million . Li later mentioned her husband Jiang Shan , who in the past has been the butt of the baseliner 's jokes . "  Now of course my husband is even famous in China , " she said . "  You are a nice guy . Also you are so lucky to find me ! " The 5-foot-3 Cibulkova was appearing in her maiden grand slam final and a victory would have made the 24th-ranked Slovakian the joint shortest singles winner at a major in the Open Era . No one would have begrudged her the title , too , since she had topped four players inside the top 20 including Sharapova and Agnieszka Radwanska . Li , meanwhile , did n't face anyone inside the top 20 . "  This was just a fantastic two weeks of my life , " said Cibulkova , who cried as she addressed the crowd . "  This means a lot for our country and I 'm happy I could be the one here for Slovakia . "  Maybe tomorrow morning I will be 100 % proud of myself , " she later told reporters . "  But now it 's just maybe like 50 % . " Expected to defeat Cibulkova -- she had won all four previous meetings with the 24-year-old -- Li proceeded to break early and took a 2-0 lead . But she admitted to being nervous and after the hard-hitting Cibulkova saved a break point to avoid trailing 3-0 , she rallied to grab a 4-3 lead . "  Today it was very dangerous , " Li 's coach Carlos Rodriguez , long associated with seven-time grand slam champion Justine Henin , told CNN . "  You 're in the final for the third time , you 've never been the favorite before , you are today , you have to deal with such a good player who has beaten the top five and top three during the second week . " Li held serve under pressure at 4-5 and then broke for 6-5 . Instead of kicking on , though , she missed a backhand down the line on set point and a tiebreak was needed to decide the opener . Li took a convincing 5-1 lead as she settled down and once the set was decided , she relaxed -- and Cibulkova could n't recover from the tiebreak . "  She was going for her shots , " Cibulkova told reporters . "  After it was impossible for me to do something and be aggressive because she was just really , really playing well . " Whereas the first set lasted 70 minutes , the second went a mere 27 minutes . Cibulkova won 12 points and sent a forehand long on match point to end Li 's disappointment in Melbourne . "  Finally I got her , " Li said , referring to the trophy . On Sunday , Rafael Nadal goes for his 14th major when he faces Stanislas Wawrinka in the men 's final . Nadal owns a 12-0 record against the Swiss , making his debut in a grand slam final like Cibulkova , without conceding a set . Read more : Roger Federer still ca n't figure out Rafael Nadal Read more : Size does n't matter for Dominika Cibulkova	Li Na beats Dominika Cibulkova in straight sets to win the Australian Open It 's Li 's second grand slam title after she won the 2011 French Open Rafael Nadal goes for 14th grand slam title against Stanislas Wawrinka on Sunday
CNN  -- Camille Olivia Hanks was studying at the University of Maryland when she met Bill Cosby in the early '60s . He was doing stand-up comedy in Washington when the two were set up on a blind date . They fell in love and she left school to support his burgeoning career in entertainment . By 1964 , the two were married and they would go on to have five children together . In 1997 , their son Ennis  who inspired the character Theo Huxtable  was murdered , and a few years later Dr. Camille Cosby did a one-on-one with Oprah explaining how she 'd eventually been able to find joy after mourning the loss of a child . Throughout that interview it was so clear that you were looking at the real-life Clair Huxtable that even Oprah seemed a bit star-struck by her poise and grace . During her 2000 appearance on Oprah , Camille revealed : "  I became keenly aware of myself in my mid-thirties . I went through a transition . I decided to go back to school , because I had dropped out of college to marry Bill when I was 19 . I had five children , and I decided to go back . I did n't feel fulfilled educationally . I dropped out of school at the end of my sophomore year . So I went back , and when I did , my self-esteem grew . I got my master 's , then decided to get my doctoral degree . Education helped me to come out of myself . " When asked why she was n't content to just settle for being the wife of a famous entertainer she continued : "  I do n't know exactly what it was , except that for me , integrity is important . For me friendships are important , family is important , and it is a blessing if we can have monetary benefits . That 's wonderful , and I love it . But I have to have the security of people who really care about me , and me about them . I want to be surrounded by people who have integrity . And , of course , my name is Camille , not Bill . " That was a beautiful answer . But a lot has changed since then . These days , Camille Cosby is standing alongside her husband during what may turn out to be the worst month of his long career . For the last few weeks , the beloved TV dad who used to sell us Jell-O pudding pops has been at the center of an ever-growing scandal . He has canceled several appearances , Netflix has postponed the launch of his stand-up special , NBC nixed plans for a new comedy show , and this week Janice Dickinson became the latest woman to make allegations against him ; telling E News that he raped her in 1982 after she 'd done a stint in rehab . Cosby is arguably the most successful African-American performer in television history , but this is n't the first time he has found himself under scrutiny for extramarital affairs . In his biography , "  Cosby : His Life and Times , " Mark Whitaker makes mention of the legendary comedian 's "  roving eye " and even tells an anecdote about how he finally cut back on his womanizing by breaking up with his long-time girlfriend . Now it seems those softball admissions about having a weakness for beautiful women may have been shrouding something much more sinister than an affair . From thegrio.com : Dear Bill Cosby , heed your own advice and be accountable In the last decade alone , more than a dozen women have accused Cosby of rape or sexual assault . No formal charges have ever been successfully filed , so even with all the media speculation , these claims are technically only allegations . But there is one person in this melee whose anguish is virtually indisputable : his wife , Camille . So how does a woman like that end up spending 50 years of her life beside a man who is now alleged to be a serial rapist ? One can only imagine the embarrassment she must be experiencing through all this . But her dilemma is a lot more common than you may think . In a world that asks you to be a mother , a wife , a businesswoman and an alluring sexual being , women grapple with finding the balance between respecting themselves and prioritizing their relationships . While many say they would leave a spouse who cheats , experts estimate that approximately 50-75 % of couples rocked by an affair stay together . There are many reasons why some women choose to stay : the fear of being alone , financial dependency , belief that they can alter the behavior of their mate , professional status of their partner , deep emotional investment and family obligations . It is hard enough to come back from infidelity in private , let alone when you have the added stress of being a public figure . Both Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Edwards have weathered similar storms with men they devoted their lives to . And one could argue that it is a lose/lose situation for any wife who finds herself in that position : If you stay , people judge you for not standing up for yourself , and if you leave there is endless speculation about why your marriage failed . But this is n't just a simple case of being cheated on . There are some very serious stories coming to the forefront from those who describe Cosby as a sexual predator , who for decades allegedly drugged and violated young women who looked up to him as a mentor . During one of Cosby 's old routines , he actually jokes about drugging young women . Coincidentally the set is from his album "  It 's True ! It 's True ! " which was released in 1969 , the same year Joan Tarshis claims he drugged and raped her . We can only speculate on what Camille 's reasons are for staying in her marriage , when she found out about each rape claim , or whether she believes in her husband 's innocence . She 's been stoic and tight-lipped through all this , exuding the unflappable composure that she is known for . During the Monica Lewinsky scandal , many believed that had Hillary Clinton left her husband , his political career would have collapsed . Hillary Clinton may have well understood that her marriage was n't just a union between a man and a woman but a much larger political machine . Perhaps Camille Cosby , who is equally responsible for her husband 's career , feels a similar responsibility to maintaining the legacy and philanthropic institution she and her husband have built together . Few knew that in the original "  Cosby Show " pitch , Bill had planned to have Heathcliff be a limousine driver who was married to a Latina handywoman . Programming executives were n't too thrilled with that idea , but it was Camille who convinced her husband to go in another direction . According to another excerpt in Whitaker 's book : "  The producers felt strongly that both -LSB- parents on the show -RSB- should be college graduates . As Cosby had proved in his stand-up act , the war of wits between parents and children was even funnier if the parents thought of themselves as highly intelligent people . "  Finally , shortly before 1 in the morning , Cosby said the words that made Carsey think that she might be getting someplace : ' I think my wife would agree with you . ' " ` You will not be a chauffeur ! ' Camille said when he briefed her on the meeting . ` Why not ? ' Cosby asked . ` Because I 'm not going to be a carpenter ! ' Camille said . " That snippet gives a rare glimpse into the type of bond these two have , and also illustrates that Mrs. Cosby has not just been her husband 's muse , but also a trusted adviser who keeps his career on track , behind the scenes . Sunday when NPR host Scott Simon asked Cosby about the resurfaced rape charges , he was met with a wall of silence . Later on , Simon admitted to CNN that during that awkward moment in the interview , the one thing he could n't do was look at Camille . "  I did not look at Mrs. Cosby , and I do n't mind saying I might 've been a little uncomfortable doing that anyway , " Simon said . That 's what many find so unsettling about all this : the deafening silence of it all . The same man who has spent years waxing poetic about every social issue under the sun has now fallen completely mute on us , with his equally reticent wife by his side . The Cosbys ' union remains seemingly stable through half a century of life 's ups and downs , and as someone who respects the institution of marriage I find that commendable . But when does the adage of "  stand by your man " go too far ? I 'm rooting for black love as much as the next person -- but not like this . From thegrio.com : Dr. Huxtable no more , Cosby lost that persona after 13 rape allegations Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Blue Telusma : Bill Cosby 's wife , Camille , is reluctantly in the spotlight due to controversy Women have come forward alleging rape or sex assault by Bill Cosby Camille Cosby charted independent path , going back to college , getting doctorate Author : Camille Cosby has displayed stoicism , composure through the controversy
CNN  -- It 's the YouTube equivalent of a roundhouse kick in the face . Remember last month 's viral video that showed action star Jean-Claude Van Damme doing the splits between two moving Volvo trucks ? Now , Chuck Norris -- an actor who 's also known for his martial arts feats -- appears to have upped the ante . A spoof video by Hungarian company Delov Digital shows a CGI likeness of the actor doing the splits between two airplanes soaring through the sky . But that 's not all . There 's also a squad of 11 commandos balancing on his head , in the shape of a Christmas tree . As their clothes light up , a message that says "  Merry Christmas and Happy New Year " appears above them . It 's unclear whether Norris , 73 , was involved at all in producing the video , which has garnered more than 13.5 million hits on YouTube since it was posted last week . Representatives for Norris and Delov Digital did not immediately respond to requests for comment .	A spoof video shows a likeness of Chuck Norris doing the splits A Hungarian company made the video It 's unclear whether the actor was involved Last month a video showed Jean-Claude Van Damme doing the splits between trucks
CNN  Indonesia has executed six people -- including five foreign nationals -- for drug offenses , setting off a diplomatic storm . Brazil and the Netherlands , whose citizens were among those executed , condemned the killings , and recalled their ambassadors to Indonesia for consultations in response . The executions , carried out by firing squad shortly after midnight Sunday local time , were the first under Indonesia 's new president Joko Widodo . Citizens of Malawi , Nigeria and Vietnam were also executed , along with an Indonesian woman , officials said . Brazi 's President Dilma Rousseff issued a statement expressing indignation at the execution of Brazilian Marco Archer Cardoso Moreira , saying the incident "  severely affected " relations between the two countries . She also offered sympathies to Moreira 's family . Rousseff "  deeply regret  ted  " that her personal appeals for clemency , including one made via telephone , had been ignored by Widodo in proceeding with the execution , said the statement . Moreira , 53 , who was caught at Jakarta airport with 13 kilograms of cocaine in 2003 , was the first of his countrymen ever to be legally executed abroad , Brazilian officials said . Brazil has also been lobbying on behalf of another of its nationals facing execution in Indonesia , Rodrigo Gularte . Executions ` tragic ' The Netherlands also condemned the execution of Dutch national Ang Kiem Soei , with Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs Bert Koenders labeling the punishments "  tragic . " "  My sympathies go out to their families , for whom this brings a dramatic end to years of uncertainty , " he said in a statement . Dutch King Willem-Alexander and Prime Minister Mark Rutte had made overtures to the Indonesian president on the matter , which had been a recurring talking point in the relationship between the countries in recent years , he said . "  The government has used all possible means -- legal , diplomatic and political , at bilateral and European level -- to persuade the Indonesian authorities to cancel the execution , " he said , adding he had temporarily recalled the Dutch ambassador in response . "  Every effort has been made , up to the very highest level . " ` Regressive move ' Since entering office in October as a reformer , Widodo has drawn criticism from rights groups for his vocal support of the death penalty . Last month , he publicly stated that he planned to reject the 64 appeals for clemency he had received from drug offenders on death row . The hardline approach has raised concerns for other foreign nationals sentenced to death , including the two Australian ringleaders of the so-called "  Bali Nine " ring , arrested in 2005 with more than 8 kg of heroin . Indonesia , which has extremely strict drug laws , resumed executions in 2013 after a four year break , but no executions were carried out in 2014 . Amnesty International 's research director for Southeast Asia and the Pacific , Rupert Abbott , said in a statement that the executions were "  a seriously regressive move " . "  The new administration has taken office on the back of promises to make human rights a priority , but the execution of six people flies in the face of these commitments , " he said .	Indonesia executes six people convicted of drug offenses , including five foreigners The six , four men and two women , had their appeals for clemency rejected by the president Brazil and the Netherlands recall their ambassadors over the issue
Washington  CNN  -- The House Ethics Committee prepared Friday to dismiss charges of alleged wrongdoing against California Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters , ending a tumultuous investigation that lasted roughly three years and may have cost taxpayers up to $ 1.3 million . Waters has been accused of improperly seeking government assistance for OneUnited Bank , a minority-owned bank in which her husband held a financial interest , during the 2008 financial meltdown . The bank received $ 12 million in bailout funds . The 11-term Los Angeles-area congresswoman repeatedly insisted her efforts were part of a broader push to help minority-controlled financial institutions during the crisis . A special counsel , attorney Billy Martin , has determined "  there is not sufficient evidence in the record to prove violations " of House rules , said Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , head of a subcommittee examining the matter . Goodlatte , stressing that panel members are prepared to follow Martin 's recommendation , made his remarks during a rare public ethics hearing held hours before the House adjourned for the fall campaign season . Martin did conclude , however , that Waters Chief of Staff Mikael Moore -- the congresswoman 's grandson -- engaged in "  specific actions " that "  are in fact violations of the standards and rules of the House regarding conflicts of interest , " Goodlatte noted . Moore has insisted he was unaware of Waters ' financial interest in OneUnited when he repeatedly sought to intervene on the bank 's behalf . The ethics panel , following Martin 's guidance , may issue a letter of reproval to Moore . Kentucky Rep. John Yarmuth , the top Democrat on the subcommittee , called the matter "  complicated , " and said Waters "  faced a difficult balancing act between representing minority banks and avoiding a conflict due to her own financial interests . " Waters attended Friday 's hearing , but did not address the panel or speak to members of the media . Moore told panel members he had a "  heavy heart , " and said the idea that he "  disrespected the House is a very difficult pill to swallow . " Over the course of the ethics panel 's lengthy investigation , Waters accused committee members of violating her constitutional right to a speedy and public trial , and railed against the secrecy surrounding the panel 's proceedings . Among other things , Waters questioned the propriety of communications between GOP committee members and staff investigators . Last winter , six members of the panel , including five Republicans , recused themselves from the investigation . Defenders of the top African-American legislator also raised questions about the role of race in the panel 's investigation . In the summer of 2011 , Martin was hired to take charge of the investigation -- at a cost of up to $ 800,000 . Last month , House Ethics Committee members voted unanimously to spend as much as another $ 500,000 , further retaining Martin as special counsel . The initial investigation of Waters was led by the nonpartisan Office of Congressional Ethics , which was established in 2008 at the prompting of then-Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California . The office referred the matter to the House Ethics Committee in the summer of 2009 .	Ethics Committee ready to dismiss charges of alleged wrongdoing by congresswoman Lawmaker was accused of improperly seeking government help for bank that was linked to her husband Waters repeatedly said her efforts were aimed at helping minority controlled banks during financial crisis Investigation lasted roughly three years and may have cost taxpayers up to $ 1.3 million
New York  CNN  -- Five of six Democratic candidates vying to become the next mayor of New York City took to the airwaves Tuesday night in the last of three debates . The hourlong televised debate continued for another half hour online , one week before the primary . Unlike the last debate , during which the city 's stop-and-frisk law enforcement policies dominated the discussion , the Democratic candidates answered questions on everything from immigration and labor contracts to education . Hours before the debate , a new Quinnipiac University poll showed Progressive candidate Bill de Blasio grabbing the support of 43 % of likely Democratic primary voters , with Bill Thompson at 20 % , Christine Quinn at 18 % , Anthony Weiner 7 % and John Liu at 4 % . A sixth candidate , Sal Albanese , is polling at 1 % . The rest of the respondents were undecided . During the debate , de Blasio came back numerous times to his proposal to tax anyone making more than $ 500,000 and put the money toward education . "  This is a city which has always believed in big , bold ideas , " de Blasio said in response to a question from Thompson . Other candidates stressed the importance of early education , with Thompson noting the importance of an "  intensive curriculum " and help with "  professional development . " The front-runner also fended off attacks from other candidates on his changing position on term limits and accusations regarding his record with a worst landlords list . According to a New York Daily News article on Sunday , de Blasio , who created the list in 2010 in his role as public advocate , "  went to bat " for one landlord with a "  rash of violations " when the landlord steered donations his way . Quinn cited the "  horrible conditions " of some of the buildings on de Blasio 's list , claiming some people in the buildings complained of still living in "  squalor . " De Blasio cited the "  300 buildings " that were fixed , saying , "  I 'm proud of what we did . " Moderators from WNBC News , which broadcast the debate , Telemundo and The Wall Street Journal asked each candidate a specific question , including how much each candidate earned per year . When asked about using a slush fund , Quinn said it was a practice that has been dropped . Thompson was asked why he has not taken a stronger stance on stop and frisk , to which he forcefully replied he believed the policy had been misused and abused and people were targeted for "  who they are and what they looked like . " Weiner was asked about his credibility as a candidate . Calling himself "  an imperfect messenger , " Weiner indicated he would still be effective if elected mayor . Liu , who spoke over the allotted time limit more than once during the debate , called for a comprehensive plan from childhood to high school and "  restoring a learning environment " when answering on education . The New York Democratic mayoral primary will be held on Tuesday , September 10 . If a candidate does not cross the 40 % threshold , there will be a runoff between the two top contenders on October 1 . On the Republican side , candidates Joe Lhota , John Catsimatidis and George McDonald faced off August 28 in a debate . The GOP primary also will be held on September 10 . The general election is scheduled for November 5 .	Five of six candidates competing in Democratic primary for New York City mayor debated Progressive candidate Bill de Blasio is the presumed front-runner , with 43 % in latest poll Republicans will also hold their mayoral primary on same day , September 10
CNN  -- Jury selection was under way Thursday in the case of a man accused of sexually assaulting a toddler and capturing it on videotape years ago , a crime that triggered a nationwide manhunt and search for the girl when the tape surfaced in 2007 . Chester Arthur Stiles faces life imprisonment if convicted of videtaping a sexual assault on a child . Chester Arthur Stiles , 38 , faces 22 felony counts in connection with the videotape , including lewdness with a child , sexual assault with a minor and attempted sexual assault with a minor . If convicted , he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison . Thursday is the third day of jury selection , said Michael Sommermeyer , spokesman for Clark County , Nevada , courts . Some 200 potential jurors were called , according to CNN affiliate KVBC . As of Thursday morning , only seven jurors had passed on to the next stage of selection , Sommermeyer said . Prosecutors hope to seat 15 jurors eventually , Sommermeyer told CNN , meaning they 'll want a pool of about 35 to pick from in the final stage . Picking a jury in the case is challenging , according to KVBC , not only because of the media attention the case has drawn , but because of the crimes Stiles is accused of . A questionnaire given to potential jurors has one question addressing the videotape : "  As a juror , despite the graphic nature of the videotape , can you promise to remain fair and impartial and objectively evaluate all evidence for returning a verdict ? " "  One , you let them know what the case involves and they 've heard it on the news , it 's a little difficult to get over any preconceived notions that they had about the case , " defense attorney Stacey Roundtree told KVBC . "  However , we do have faith in this community that they want to do the right thing , " she said . "  Most of the jury trials I 've had , the jurors go out of their way to make the right decision . They go out of their way to follow the judge 's rules , and we 're confident we can have that happen in this case . " The tape was given to authorities in September 2007 by a man who said he had found it in the desert five months before . On it , police found images of the small girl being sexually assaulted . After attempting unsuccessfully to find out the girl 's identity , authorities turned to the media for help and released a picture of the girl , and the case drew nationwide attention . She was found in October 2007 . An attorney for the child 's mother said she is 7 years old and safe and healthy . The rape occurred before her third birthday while she was in the care of a baby sitter her mother had hired , he said . The mother did not know the girl had been victimized . After the girl was found , authorities asked CNN and other news organizations to stop showing her picture . Stiles , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , was arrested in a traffic stop in October 2007 . Police said at the time they pulled Stiles ' car over because it had no license plate and became suspicious when the driver displayed an expired California license with a photo that did not match his appearance . "  He finally told us , ` Hey , I 'm Chester Stiles , ' " said Henderson , Nevada , police Officer Mike Dye . " ` I 'm the guy you 're looking for . " Stiles told police he was "  sick of running , " Dye said . The mother of the girl shown on the tape , meanwhile , went on "  The Dr. Phil Show " after Stiles ' arrest , saying that while she was "  relieved , " it would have been "  better if they found him dead . " She said her daughter remembers nothing about the alleged assault . "  Nothing that I have seen in my career comes close to what this girl has gone through , " Nye County , Nevada , Sheriff Tony DeMeo said during the manhunt for Stiles . The man who turned the tape over to authorities , Darrin Tuck , faced criminal charges because of the delay in turning it over , during which authorities alleged he showed it to others . A judge gave Tuck a one-year suspended sentence and three years ' probation in April after he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to obstruct a public officer , according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal . He initially had faced a felony count of possession of child pornography .	Chester Arthur Stiles faces 22 felony counts in connection with sex tape Tape showed girl younger than 3 being sexually assaulted The tape surfaced years after the alleged assault Potential jurors know about case , have strong feelings about it
MIAMI  CNN  -- When "  Marta " was 12 , she entered the United States illegally , hoping to join her mother , who had left her in Central America years ago to search for work . Three years later she was sitting in immigration detention by herself waiting to be deported back home to her grandmother , who was dying of cancer . "  Marta " was 12 when she came to the U.S. illegally and alone . She had something most kids do n't -- an attorney . Her case is typical of the 7,211 children known to have entered the United States illegally in 2008 by themselves , according to the federal Office of Refugee Resettlement , which runs the shelters where the children are detained . Children come searching for family members or a way out of poverty with little understanding of the legal ramifications they face . Marta had something not every child in those circumstances receives -- legal representation . A lawyer employed by the Florida Immigrant Advocacy Center , a nonprofit legal assistance group , took her case . It made the difference between being deported and getting a shot at a visa . But not every child will go before a judge with a lawyer . Last year , as many as 50 percent of the children detained went before judges with no lawyer , according to Wendy Young , director of Kids in Need of Defense . She says it could get worse , because the organizations that provide free legal defense for these children are struggling financially and cutting back . Go inside a secure , children 's detention center " "  The impact -LSB- of having fewer legal services -RSB- would be devastating , because these are children who ca n't get through legal proceedings alone . It 's just not realistic , " said Young , who added that there have been cases where babies were carried into court to face judges without lawyers . The Office of Refugee Resettlement did provide $ 5 million to the Vera Institute , a nonprofit organization that works with the government on justice policy . Vera used that money to help 14 nonprofit organizations provide legal information to children of all ages , but the government is barred by law from providing actual representation to detained children , according to Maureen Dunn , director of the Unaccompanied Children 's Services Program for the resettlement office . "  They are children and they do n't understand procedures and immigration laws , there are some very arcane laws ... and we help them break down a complex process , " said Dunn , who said she believes no more than 30 percent of detained immigrant children face judges without lawyers . In Marta 's case , her lawyer , Michelle Abarca , determined during interviews with her that she had no place to go home to and no safe place to live in the United States . She argued in court that Marta qualified for a special visa for children who have been abused , abandoned or neglected and need the protection of the United States . She now lives in a foster home in Florida and has a U.S. visa . Dunn says the government 's goal is to demystify the legal process for children by teaching them about the legal process and determine which children might qualify for relief and need representation . "  They are very vulnerable in a system that was created for adults , " said Susan Shah , director of the Vera program . Shah said the program then tries to connect the children with lawyers willing to work free , either with the support of their law firms or through groups like Florida Immigrant Advocacy Center . But services are not always available . The advocacy center represented 400 children this year , but Cheryl Little , the center 's executive director , said its chief funder , Florida Children 's Trust , is making severe cutbacks . The trust funds programs for children from money levied through real estate taxes and a bad economy has created deep reductions . U.S. Senator former child refugee of Operation Pedro Pan "  We 're in the red by at least $ 400,000 . We 're looking at layoffs , cutting salaries , benefits and freezing positions we need , " said Little , whose group represented Marta . "  It means the lifeline we now extend to children wo n't be there . It means that kids will get sent to bad circumstances when they may qualify for the protection of this country . It breaks my heart to think of the consequences . " Angelina Jolie and Microsoft help fund Kids in Need of Defense . The group worked with 1,000 pro bono lawyers this year and trained them to represent children facing immigration hearings . But volunteer lawyers without day-to-day experience in immigration are not necessarily a replacement for lawyers versed in complicated immigration law , according to Young . "  Getting a good defense can literally mean the difference between life and death for a child who is fleeing war or is the victim of human trafficking , " Young said . Marta , whose lawyer has handled as many as 100 clients at once , still depends on her attorney to guide her through the legal process that lies ahead . "  I 'll be OK , " said Marta . "  Because I have my lawyer and my God . "	"  Marta " was 12 when she came to the U.S. illegally to find her mother Agency : 7,211 children entered the U.S. illegally in 2008 by themselves Expert : As many as 50 percent of those kids went before judges with no lawyer Watch Marta 's story on CNN 's "  Latino in America , " tonight at 9 p.m. ET
CNN  -- It would be easy to look at the current conflict , Hamas 's militant fighters and smaller militias firing rockets in to Israel and Israel 's crushing bomb and missile barrages , as a repeat of the 2008/2009 confrontation that killed more than 1,300 men , women and children . But it is not . Hamas is in a whole new place now . Still trapped in the crowded confines of Gaza 's close packed neighborhoods where they were elected six years ago , only now with more friends outside . What has changed came in the wake of the Arab Spring that swept away some of Israel 's old regional allies replacing them with leaders more sympathetic to Hamas . Israel and Hamas : How the conflict reignited Gone is Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak whom Israel could and did rely on to blockade Gaza and squeeze Hamas in 2008/2009 . Gone is the Egyptian state repression of freedom of speech that helped keep in check popular anti-Israel passion . Instead -- almost unthinkable four years ago -- Hamas 's political leader holds a live news conference in Cairo , as Israeli shells strike Palestinian broadcasters in Gaza . If proof of Egypt 's new role was needed , this was it . Egypt did n't just send Prime Minister Hisham Qandil to Gaza Friday with expressions of support for Gazans , but handed Hamas the bullhorn for propaganda when it needed it most . It is a remarkable turnaround . Khalid Meshal , Hamas 's political leader , reveled in the spotlight , as he described a new , much more Hamas-friendly Egypt . Q&A : What is Hamas ? But Egypt is far from alone in the regional revolution that begins to isolate Israel . The tiny Gulf state of Qatar has proven perhaps the influential political player , helping shape the region the way it wants . It has been seen to favor governments like that in Egypt with roots closely tied to the moderate Islamist Muslim Brotherhood of which the Palestinian Hamas is a radical off-shoot , but long aligned with Iran . Last month when the Emir of Qatar made an historic visit to Gaza promising $ 400 million of aid , it appeared he was trying to pull Hamas away from Iran and closer to Qatar . Qatar has been laying the groundwork for this for some time . When Hamas leader Khalid Meshal fled exile from the spiraling civil war in Syria earlier this year it was the Qataris whose offer of safe sanctuary he accepted . The Qataris have leverage in a way they never did in the past . So where does this leave Israel ? Simply put , while Israel is stronger militarily , it is in a weaker political position than it was in 2009 . Why Israel might hesitate to start a ground invasion Egypt is not going to help blockade Gaza by constricting the Rafa border crossing , or by offering the same level of intelligence cooperation to Israel that they have in the past . Indeed , by some estimates Egypt 's security services no longer have the same control over Islamist militants as they once did . Many have been released from jail and are quietly regrouping in the capital 's sprawling suburbs or the sparsely populated and almost lawless Sinai desert bordering Israel . If the Israeli government had hoped to count on some shreds of Mubarak-era support , it will be disappointed . Today 's Egyptian rhetoric , while falling short of abrogating the peace treaty with Israel , has very much taken a pro-Hamas line . The long universal of the Arab world is a dislike of the Israeli state 's treatment of Palestinians . In the past most Arab leaders were dictators , able to take a path far different from the views of the Arab street . Not any more . The region 's new post-Arab Spring democratically-elected leaders are only too aware of the radical hardliners waiting for an opportunity . Smuggling weapons to Gaza -- the long way	Some of Israel 's old regional allies replaced with leaders more sympathetic to Hamas Nic Robertson : Qatar has proven to be influential political player in region While Israel is stronger militarily , it is weaker politically than it was in 2009 , he says Post-Arab Spring democratic leaders aware of radical hardliners awaiting opportunity
CNN  -- Spain 's Jorge Lorenzo extended his lead in the world championship standings with a storming victory in the British MotoGP at Silverstone Sunday . The Yamaha rider overhauled reigning world championship Casey Stoner midway through the race and went clear for his 42nd career title . Only a bad mistake with four laps to go might have cost Lorenzo , but he had time to spare to recover and cross the line clear of Stoner whose Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa of Spain finished third . It extended Lorenzo 's lead over Australia 's Stoner , who has announced he will retire at the end of the season , to 25 points . "  It was wonderful fighting with Casey ... We 're having a fantastic season , we ca n't ask for more , " Lorenzo told the official post-race press conference . Stoner reflected on a difficult day : "  It was n't a great race for us today , we saw the pace the Yamahas had in the early laps and it was really worrying to me . As early as lap three the bike was n't feeling good , " he added . Alvaro Bautista of Spain , who had claimed pole , took fourth place ahead of American Ben Spies on the second Yamaha . Cal Crutchlow gave the home crowd reason to cheer with a battling display to finish sixth after starting on the back of the grid having crashed and missed qualifying Saturday . Italian star Valentino Rossi again struggled on his Ducati , finishing a disappointing ninth . Spanish riders also won the other two supporting races with Pol Espargaro , on a Kalex , taking the Moto2 race and Maverick Vinales , riding a FTR Honda , claimed victory in the Moto3 event .	Jorge Lorenzo wins British MotoGP at Donnington Victory extend his world championship lead Reigning champion Casey Stoner finishes second Home rider Cal Crutchlow secures brave sixth place
CNN  -- Jurors began deliberations Wednesday in the trial of five current or former police officers in connection with shootings on a New Orleans bridge in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . The shootings occurred on Danziger Bridge on September 4 , 2005 , six days after much of New Orleans went underwater after the powerful hurricane slammed into the Gulf Coast . Prosecutors contend the officers opened fire , killing 17-year-old James Brissette . Minutes later , an officer allegedly shot and killed 40-year-old Ronald Madison . Four others were wounded in the shootings . Kenneth Bowen , Robert Gisevius , Robert Faulcon and Anthony Villavasoare are charged in the shooting . They are also accused of covering up the incident , with the help of the fifth defendant -- former detective Arthur Kaufman . During closing arguments Tuesday , the defense asked the jury to consider the stressful circumstances the officers were operating under following Katrina . The shootings took place during a week of dire flooding , rampant looting and death by drowning . Police were strained , beset by suicides and desertion . The prosecution put it more bluntly , calling the officers ' actions "  murder , plain and simple . " Similar charges had been filed after local prosecutors first investigated the shootings , but no one was convicted . Federal prosecutors then moved in and launched an investigation . Other officers have already been convicted in connection with the shootings . They include Michael Hunter , who pleaded guilty last year to conspiracy to obstruct justice . Hunter was sentenced to eight years in prison . According to court documents , Hunter drove in a rental truck to Danziger Bridge with other officers to respond to a radio call about gunshots and reports that officers on the nearby Interstate 10 bridge had come under fire . At the time , New Orleans police said they got into a running gunbattle with several people . That 's when officers encountered the Madison brothers , Ronald and Lance . Lance Madison told CNN he and his brother Ronald left their flooded home and were crossing the bridge to find shelter . They were unwittingly headed to an area where armed looters were marauding , he said . Lance Madison said police officers were the only ones shooting as he and his brother ran for safety from the area . A witness told CNN in 2006 that police shot Ronald Madison in the back as he ran toward a motel at the bottom of the bridge . "  Hunter ... admitted that he was present on the west side of the Danziger Bridge when an officer , identified as Officer A , shot and killed Ronald Madison , a civilian who was running away from officers with his hands in view , and did not have a weapon or pose a threat , " the Justice Department said . Hunter admitted that officers on the east side of the Danziger Bridge fired at civilians , even though the same civilians did not appear to have any weapons , the Justice Department said .	The defense asks jury to consider stressful post-Katrina circumstances Prosecutors calls the officers ' actions "  murder , pure and simple " The shootings took place on Danziger Bridge in September 2005 There were no convictions after local prosecutors initially filed charges
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama on Wednesday proposed background checks on all gun sales and bans on military style assault weapons and high-capacity magazines as part of a package of steps to reduce gun violence in the wake of the Newtown school massacre last month . With relatives of some of the 20 children killed in the Connecticut rampage looking on , Obama signed 23 executive actions -- which do n't require congressional approval -- to strengthen existing gun laws and take related steps on mental health and school safety . He also called on Congress to reinstate an assault weapons ban that expired in 2004 , to restrict ammunition magazines to no more than 10 rounds , and to expand background checks to anyone buying a gun , whether at a store or in a private sale at an auction or convention . Senate Democrats hold key to passage of gun legislation Referring to the young students killed in the Newtown shootings on December 14 and other victims of gun violence , Obama said the nation must do a better job of protecting its children , especially when they are in schools , shopping malls , movie theaters and other public places . While some of the steps he proposed are given little chance of winning congressional approval in the face of the nation 's powerful gun lobby , Obama said all efforts must be made to reduce chronic gun violence in the country . "  This is our first task as a society -- keeping our children safe , " the president said , adding that saving even one life would make the changes he seeks worth the effort . Read Obama 's proposals Republicans immediately rejected the Obama proposals as an attack on the constitutional right to bear arms . "  Nothing the president is proposing would have stopped the massacre at Sandy Hook , " said a statement by Sen. Marco Rubio , R-Florida , considered an up-and-coming GOP leader . "  President Obama is targeting the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens instead of seriously addressing the real underlying causes of such violence . " The powerful National Rifle Association said it would work with Congress to find what it called "  real solutions to protecting America 's most valuable asset -- our children . " "  Attacking firearms and ignoring children is not a solution to the crisis we face as a nation , " the NRA said in a statement . "  Only honest , law-abiding gun owners will be affected and our children will remain vulnerable to the inevitability of more tragedy . " Obama-backed gun bills considered a long shot in Congress Gun rights at center of debate NRA President David Keene said the "  Second Amendment is going to survive " Obama 's efforts on gun control . "  What we want to see is what they really have in mind . They 've got bullet points . There 's going to be a lot more to it than that , " Keene said on CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " Obama called accusations that he seeks to violate gun rights untrue , saying opponents want to wage a campaign of intimidation and fear instead of working with him for needed changes . "  We can respect the Second Amendment while keeping an irresponsible law-breaking few from inflicting harm on a massive scale , " he said . Gun control support rises but divide remains over what to do Gun control supporters , including relatives of shooting victims , lauded Obama 's proposals as a good first step to reduce gun violence and urged legislators to take on the difficult issue instead of reverting to partisan postures . "  When you are disheartened by the number of steps that have to be taken , by the fears of gun advocates , by the politics , please dig deep and find new heart , " urged Emily Nottingham , the mother of Gabe Zimmerman , the legislative staffer killed in the 2010 Tuscon shooting that disabled Democratic Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona . "  Think for a moment about your young staffers , your children or grandchildren , " Nottingham continued . "  Now imagine that that cell phone in your pocket is vibrating and the message says they have been murdered by a stranger with an assault weapon . Imagine that , then shore up your resolve and keep working to protect your staffers , our children , our nation . We need you to not give up . " However , Jerry Henry of the Georgiacarry.org website , which opposes tighter gun controls , told CNN that the Obama proposals were misdirected . "  He did absolutely nothing to address the criminal element , " said Henry , who argued that studies show criminals get guns on the street instead of buying them from licensed gun shops that conduct background checks . Fully enforcing existing gun laws and making criminals serve their full prison terms would do more to halt gun violence , according to Henry , who added that government "  can not legislate evil out of the minds of men . " Polls capture public sentiment Vice President Joe Biden led a panel assembled by Obama to examine gun control steps after the Newtown shootings , which sparked a fierce public debate over how to prevent such mass killings . Biden 's recommendations formed the basis of the package of proposals Obama announced Wednesday . "  The world has changed , and it 's demanding action , " Biden said at the White House event . Opponents promise a political fight , with an NRA spokesman saying Tuesday that the group has experienced what he called an "  unprecedented " spike in membership numbers since new calls for gun control began in the past month . Approximately 250,000 people have joined the organization 's existing 4.25 million members , according to NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam . In addition , the NRA is receiving an influx of financial contributions , he said , adding : "  This is going to be a very expensive and hard-fought fight . " A CNN/Time Magazine/ORC International poll Wednesday indicated that Americans generally favor stricter gun control , but they do n't believe that stricter gun laws alone would reduce gun violence . According to the survey , 55 % of Americans generally favor stricter gun control laws , with 56 % saying that it 's currently too easy to buy guns in this country . However , only 39 % say that stricter gun controls would reduce gun violence all by themselves . Obama called for citizens to let their elected representatives know what they think , saying : "  The only way we can change is if the American people demand it . " NRA draws heat over its new shooting game He proposed legislative steps he previously has backed , such as reinstating the Clinton-era ban on assault weapons , and also requested that funds be made available to help treat mental illness and provide schools with support to enhance their safety . His executive actions signed Wednesday called for tougher enforcement of existing laws and required federal agencies to provide data for background checks . A senior administration official told reporters the price tag for the entire package was $ 500 million . Obama also said he would nominate B. Todd Jones , the acting director of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , to become its permanent chief . The agency has been without a full-time director for six years . A main focus of Obama 's steps was closing loopholes in background checks . While requiring universal background checks would require congressional approval , some of the executive actions signed by Obama were intended to bolster the existing system . Across the country , more than a million people failed background checks to buy guns during the past 14 years because of criminal records , drug use or mental health issues , according to FBI figures . That figure , however , is a small fraction of overall gun sales . Opinion : America 's gun problem is not a race problem "  If you look at the combination of likelihood of passage and effectiveness of curbing gun crime , universal background checks is at the sweet spot , " said Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , a leading backer of such screening . Obama also called for more money to strengthen gun safety at schools , including hiring more counselors such as retired law enforcement officers to help educate students on gun issues . He also called for more funding for communities to hire more police officers , but stopped short of seeking the NRA 's proposal for armed guards at every school . The CNN/Time/ORC poll Wednesday showed that respondents favored armed guards in schools by 54 % -45 % . Congressional hearings planned Legislators said working with Congress will be paramount in curbing gun violence . California Rep. Mike Thompson told CNN on Tuesday that a ban on high-capacity magazines could garner Republican support , but a full-scale assault weapon ban would be hard to get passed in the GOP-controlled House . House and Senate committees said they would start holding hearings on gun control measures in coming weeks . Oregon sheriff : ` Unconstitutional ' gun control laws wo n't be enforced In New York , Democratic Gov. Andrew Cuomo on Tuesday signed into law a series of new gun regulations -- the nation 's first since the Newtown shootings . Both New York 's GOP-controlled Senate and Democrat-controlled Assembly approved the measure by overwhelming margins . It includes a statewide gun registry and adds a uniform licensing standard across the state , altering the current system , in which each county or municipality sets a standard . Residents are also restricted to purchasing ammunition magazines that carry seven bullets , rather than 10 . Keene derided outlawing high-capacity magazines as "  a bidding match " that focuses on the wrong issue . "  So the president says you do n't need 30-round magazines . How about a 10-round magazine ? Andrew Cuomo says , ` Well , I can do better than that . I 'll make it a seven-round magazine , ' " Keene said . "  The fact of the matter is the kinds of people who do this , particularly the mentally unbalanced -- who are the most likely people to do it -- should n't have any magazines , " he said . "  The changes in New York are largely cosmetic , " said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan , who described state 's existing regulations as "  the toughest gun laws in the United States . " Lawmakers in at least 10 other states are reviewing some form of new gun regulations in the new year . Mexico watching with interest CNN 's Carol Cratty , Jim Acosta , Paul Steinhauser , David Ariosto and Kevin Liptak contributed to this report , and Mark Morgenstein updated from Atlanta .	NEW : NRA president says "  Second Amendment is going to survive " gun control efforts A new CNN/Time/ORC poll shows majority support for stricter gun controls The president signs 23 executive actions that do n't need congressional approval President Obama calls for background checks on all gun sales
First lady Michelle Obama is in China for an official visit to expand Sino-American relations , but she will refrain from talking about political differences . Mrs. Obama , who flew Wednesday from Washington , D.C. , is making a week-long trip to three Chinese cities and will speak with children at several schools about the importance of education and youth empowerment . The U.S. first lady has several activities and events scheduled Friday with Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan . "  Her visit and her agenda sends a message that the relationship between the United States and China is not just between leaders , it 's a relationship between peoples , " said Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes . "  That 's critically important , given the roles that our two countries are going to play in the 21st century , that we maintain the very regular contacts that we have at the leader-to-leader level , but that we 're also reaching out and building relationships with people , particularly young people . " President Barack Obama is expected to meet with Chinese President Xi Jinping next week during the Nuclear Security Summit at The Hague . White House officials told reporters on a conference call that issues on which the U.S. and China differ , such as human rights and trade , will be discussed directly between the two leaders and other representatives of the governments . "  We do n't expect the people of China to agree with all of our policy positions at any given moment , but the more they understand the United States , the more they understand the President and the first lady and their values and their priorities , we think the better it is for both of our countries , " Rhodes added . Mrs. Obama plans to visit the cities of Beijing and Chengdu , where she will speak to students and discuss cultural exchanges and the benefits of studying abroad . China is the fifth most popular country for American students studying abroad , and more students from China study in the United States than from any other country . Beyond her message on education , Mrs. Obama will join Madame Peng in a tour of the Forbidden City and the Great Wall . Mrs. Obama will then travel to Xi'an to see the Terra Cotta Warriors . In Chengdu , she will tour the Chengdu Panda Base , which houses approximately 50 pandas . The first lady will be accompanied by her mother , Marian Robinson , and her daughters , Malia and Sasha , something that White House officials believe will resonate with the Chinese people . "  I think they understand the significance as well of family and of three generations of family traveling together , which I think the Chinese will appreciate , and will appreciate the ties and the bonds that the Obama family have with one another across generations , " said the first lady 's chief of staff , Tina Tchen . "  This is a great opportunity for the Obama family to experience that , and I think for the Chinese to see that as well in an American family . "	The U.S. first lady will meet with Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan on Friday The two women have several activities planned Mrs. Obama wo n't be talking politics during her week-long visit to three Chinese cities Her mother and her two daughters are also joining the trip
London  CNN  -- Police launched a murder investigation Tuesday after a woman 's body was found on Queen Elizabeth II 's estate in Sandringham , in the English county of Norfolk . Officers were alerted Sunday by a member of the public who found the remains while walking in the woods by the village of Anmer , near the town of King 's Lynn , Norfolk police said . Police said the area had been sealed off while forensic investigations are carried out . An autopsy conducted Tuesday revealed the remains were of a young woman and had been at the site for between one and four months , police said . The pathologist "  believes it is highly unlikely the death was through natural causes , " the police statement said . "  There is no evidence of accidental injury , damage due to firearms or bladed weapon . " Police should have a DNA profile within the next 24 hours , the statement added . Investigators said they would be looking at cold cases as part of the probe . Sandringham House , at the heart of the 20,000-acre rural estate , is where the royal family traditionally gathers to celebrate Christmas . It 's been the private home of four generations of British monarchs since 1862 , and is one of two private residences used by the queen . Part of the estate is a 600-acre country park open to the public . A Buckingham Palace spokesman told CNN Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip "  are in residence at Sandringham from mid-December to the end of January . "  It is a private residence , we can not confirm whether or not the queen has been informed or not , " the spokesman said , referring to the murder investigation . Prince Philip has been recuperating at Sandringham since he was released from the hospital a week ago after having a coronary stent implanted . He attended a service at the church on the estate Monday . Sandringham House and its gardens are open to the public from April to November . CNN 's Alexander Felton and Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Police say the young woman 's body has been at the site for between 1 and 4 months The remains were found by a member of the public in woods on the huge estate The queen and royal family spend Christmas at Sandringham Buckingham Palace has not confirmed whether the queen is aware of the grisly find
LONDON , England  CNN  -- In just six months ' time , the world will be watching as several thousand delegates descend on Copenhagen for the most important climate change talks since the Kyoto Protocol was adopted in Japan in 1997 . Much is at stake . What is agreed at the United Nations Framework Conference on Climate Change starting December 7 will determine how far individual countries are prepared to go to curtail their carbon emissions when the Kyoto agreement expires at the end of 2012 . Industrialized countries are being asked to give firm numbers for measurable reductions . And then there 's the question of developing countries . What are they prepared to do to combat climate change ? How much is the developed world willing to help them ? How will new technologies and adaptation be financed ? On June 15 , CNN launched an online special , "  Going Green , " to examine the issues and efforts by countries , businesses and individuals to lower the world 's collective carbon emissions . Every day from the week of July 6 , special reports will appear on CNN International , culminating in a half-hour special "  Going Green : Green Light for Business " which airs from July 9  see below for show times  . Watch promo " Presented by CNN anchors Fionnuala Sweeney , Kristie Lu Stout and Brooke Baldwin from Paris , Hong Kong and California , the program examines how businesses are balancing their environmental responsibilities with the need for profit . CNN 's journalists travel across the globe to meet with CEOs , city leaders and environmental entrepreneurs . We go behind the scenes at a major Hollywood studio , run through Russia 's plans for the Winter Olympics , see Sweden 's designs for ending the use of fossil fuels , get a never-before-seen look at the eco-friendly engines that drive Google and see why Paris may be repositioning itself as the "  City of ` Green ' Lights " for those who want to promote business and protect the planet . "  Going Green : Green Light for Business " airs at the following times  GMT  : Thursday , July 9 : 1230 , 1730 Saturday , July 11 : 0700 , 1730 Sunday , July 12 : 0400 , 0730 , 1500	CNN International launches special : "  Going Green : Green Light for Business " See cnn.com/goinggreen for stories , tune into television special from July 9 Half-hour special examines how business is balancing environment and profit
Health.com  -- Jillian Michaels catapulted to fame as the punishing trainer who got results on "  The Biggest Loser " and "  Losing It with Jillian . " But the 38-year-old has always been just as interested in building confidence as she has in sculpting rockhard abs . It 's no accident that her most recent book is "  Unlimited : How to Build an Exceptional Life . " Everything Jillian tackles -- including her recent gig as life adviser on "  The Doctors , " her DVDs  such as her latest , "  Jillian Michaels Kickbox FastFix "  , and her intimate podcast -- is meant to help the rest of us claim a healthier , happier life . Sitting high in the hills of Southern California , the woman who calls everybody "  buddy " is surprisingly funny and self-deprecating . And , as expected , she 's incredibly open , talking about her tough tween years , how she stays motivated  and how you can , too  , and the dream she 's fighting to make a reality . Do you see yourself as more of a life coach than a fitness trainer ? For years , I always thought it was hilarious that I was this fitness guru , because fitness was just a tool I utilized to help people improve their confidence . For me , it 's never been about fitness . It 's always been about helping to empower people . Health.com : Get the body you crave with celeb-inspired workouts What is the connection between physical fitness and self-confidence ? I 've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier , healthier life . When your health is strong , you 're capable of taking risks . You 'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion . You 'll have more energy to be a better mom . You 'll feel more deserving of love . What inspires you to take care of your own body ? That comes from me . You can look for external sources of motivation and that can catalyze a change , but it wo n't sustain one . It has to be from an internal desire . You have to ask , "  Why do I want this ? " I want to be around for a family , and to feel good about my body . I want to set an example . My number-one piece of advice is : Look inside and find out what your "  why " is . I do n't care whose butt you 've posted on the screen of your treadmill . Did you ever post a butt on the treadmill ? I always thought Madonna was awesome , and I still do . I remember Linda Hamilton in "  Terminator 2 , " and just thinking , Really ? That scene opens up and she 's just banging out pull-ups , and I remember thinking , That 's awesome . What other tips do you have for staying motivated ? When it comes to your "  why , " write it down and put it everywhere -- in your car , on your phone . Remind yourself constantly why you 're doing what you 're doing . Then remove any sort of temptation . Build a support system , whether it 's a workout buddy or a mom from day care , so you have that person to call when you have a moment of weakness . Health.com : Jillian Michaels ' tips for sticking with a workout Can anyone get motivated ? Are there impossible cases ? Lazy does n't exist . Lazy is a symptom of something else . The person who ca n't get up off their butt is just a person who 's depressed . It 's usually a pervasive lack of self-worth , or a feeling of helplessness . That 's why fitness is so important . You have the ability to show somebody what she 's capable of very quickly . As we get older , is time working against us ? I really do n't believe that . I 've worked with people in their 50s and 60s , and I 've had a very easy time taking weight off them . If you 've been living in an unhealthy way , you might have been getting away with it for 10 or 15 years , but -LSB- you 'll see -RSB- the cumulative effects of toxic living . It 's not because you 're old . If you leave a car out in the rain , it 's going to rust eventually . It 's a matter of , what are you eating ? How are you living ? There 's no such thing as not being able to turn back the clock . It 's never too late . You just have to change the way you live . What else will keep our bodies young ? God , sleep ! I really do prioritize my sleep -- I get seven to eight hours a night . Sleep , have sex  it 's really good for your health  , and eat organic whenever you possibly can . Health.com : Surprising health benefits of sleep Do you ever watch yourself on TV ? I find television to be a bit like a meat grinder . It 's like , you have a cow , you put it through a meat grinder , and out comes a hot dog . It 's almost unrecognizable . On "  Loser , " I was a cartoon character . And I actually feel like "  The Doctors " made a real effort to tone me down . So who is the real Jillian ? I 'm part Bridget Jones , part Larry David . I 'm shy ; I 'm prude . You are ? I am so prude . We did n't talk about that when I grew up . But on my podcast you see the sense of humor , the vulnerability , the passion . We talk about weight loss , bullying -- because I was bullied . When were you bullied ? It did n't get really bad until I was in junior high . I was an overweight kid , and I went through a period where , oh my God , they were making cow sounds at me when I walked down the hallway and just humiliating me . Kids can be mean . My mom pulled me out of one school and put me in another , but when you wear that stigma , you start to believe it . When you wear that energy , other kids smell it like blood in the water . That 's when I got into martial arts . I had a second-degree-blue-belt test , and I broke two boards with my right foot , and the next day I walked into school and no one ever picked on me again . I suddenly believed in myself and respected myself . I had some inkling of my power , so the bullying stopped instantly . Health.com : Are depressed kids bully magnets ? You 've spoken about your struggle to adopt a child . Is there any news ? Oh , God , nothing has been this hard in my entire life . It 's very complicated and it 's very time-consuming and I 'm committed to the process , but two years later , no update . Theoretically , I 've been matched with a child . Now I 'm just trying to get her home . How do you decompress ? Yoga . I 've been doing a lot of it . It takes me out of my own mind ; I have to be present and think about my form . I find it very calming and grounding ; it makes me happy . Know what I mean , buddy ? Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Jillian Michaels found fame as the punishing trainer on "  The Biggest Loser " Michaels : "  It 's never been about fitness . It 's always been about helping to empower people " "  Fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier , healthier life , " she says
LONDON , England -- Almost 25,000 people will die this year of HIV/AIDS in Myanmar unless lifesaving treatment is significantly increased , according to a new report . A Doctors Without Borders worker handing out HIV/AIDS drugs in Myanmar . The study produced by leading international humanitarian organization , Doctors Without Borders said the failure by the government to provide HIV/AIDS treatment to its people is putting the population at risk . An estimated 240,000 people are thought to have HIV/AIDS in Myanmar with 76,000 of those people facing death unless they receive antiretroviral  ART  drug , the report published Tuesday said . Fewer than 20 percent of the people are are able to access ART , according to the organization . Currently , Doctors Without Borders says it is almost the sole provider of these lifesaving drugs -- providing them to more than 11,000 people . "  It is unacceptable that a single NGO is treating the vast majority of HIV patients in a crisis of this magnitude , " the charity 's Operations Manager Joe Belliveau , said in a press release . The pressure on its resources means the charity has been forced to turn away patients . "  Sometimes I wake up at midnight and dream of my patients . Women who come in are HIV positive -- they have three children at home and the husband has passed away and we can not provide any treatment for them , " a doctor quoted in the research said . The government and international communities have provided very little to the crisis , Belliveau added . The government of Myanmar allocated just $ 200,000 for HIV/AIDS in 2008 , which is one of the lowest amount spent worldwide , according to Doctors Without Borders . Drugs that are not provided by aid organizations or the government cost a patient $ 29 per month . With most people in Myanmar living on an average of $ 1.20 per day , the cost of drugs is unaffordable for most . The charity also appealed for intervention by the international community to avert the crisis . Myanmar currently receives around $ 3 per person in aid -- one of the lowest rates worldwide . One reason for this may be that international donor groups are reluctant to send aid to Myanmar , a country run by a strict military junta widely criticized for its atrocious human rights record . The report states aid agencies may be put off by challenges Myanmar imposes such as strict constraints and difficult bureaucratic procedures . Earlier this year when a deadly cyclone hit Myanmar that killed almost 100,000 people and left millions homeless , the government turned away international aid to the frustration of many organizations . Doctors Without Borders has been providing essential healthcare services in Myanmar since 1993 and began an integrated program in 2003 to support people living with HIV/AIDS .	HIV/AIDS treatment in Myanmar needs to improve drastically says a report More than 25,000 people will die this year if these people do n't get treatment Doctors Without Borders is almost the sole supplier of aid and need funding Government and international community need to give more money
CNN  -- Jo Malone must have one of the most lucrative noses on the planet . The British entrepreneur 's ability to create delicate scents -- apparently coveted by everyone from the Duchess of Cambridge to Jennifer Lopez -- helped her create a multi-million dollar fragrance empire . Today her name is synonymous with luxuriously scented cream-colored candles with minimalist black trim , delivered in an oversized carrier bag . Malone sold her namesake fragrance company to cosmetics giant EstÃ © e Lauder in 2006 in a rumored multi-million dollar deal , admitting "  I had n't anticipated how much of my soul was in that business . " Five years later she launched a new company -- Jo Loves -- which much like the original store , sells candles , bath oils , and perfumes , now with names like "  Shards of Cedar and Red Thyme , " "  Green Orange and Coriander , " and "  A Shot of Thai Lime Over Mango . " But it was n't an easy journey to the top , and speaking to CNN 's Leading Women , Malone reveals how some of her biggest obstacles , also became her biggest sources of inspiration . "  I 'm dyslexic so I would n't be able to write you a letter or read you a paragraph . But I use my sense of smell like my eyes and hands . It 's something that happens naturally to me , so I would look at what you 're wearing , and who you are , and I would be translating it back into smell . " "  I left school in my early teens to take care of my mother . And I remember as a little girl , sitting in my bedroom and looking out the window and thinking : ' I do n't want to live my life like this . I do n't want to live hand to mouth , frightened that there 's not going to be something to eat at the end of the day . ' " "  Jo Malone was n't just a business ... she was my best friend . She 'd see me through the best and worst times of my life . I realized that it was like a child to me , and after I sold it I could see this business that I still felt a huge amount of emotion for but was not part of it . I would go to any store and touch the face cream and just had to leave . " "  When I fought cancer I did n't know that I was going to come out the other end . And yet my mental attitude was that I would always find a point where I wanted to get to , and I 'd head towards it . " "  If I had to choose a different career , I 'd be a cook , a chef , and work with food . I love food and I love flavor . Everything that I smell , I want to be able to taste too . " Quiz : 10 female scientists you should know Watch : Could this ` chemist ' run Walmart ?	Meet Jo Malone , the woman behind the eponymous fragrance company Sold business to EstÃ © e Lauder in 2006 in reported multi-million dollar deal Five years later started new company , Jo Loves , selling luxury fragrance goods Left school as a teen to care for mother , started creating fragrances at home
CNN  -- Robin Thicke is n't giving up on his marriage to Paula Patton . The couple , married since 2005 , mutually decided to separate in February , and since then singer Thicke has been trying to win her back with his performances . It was speculated that Thicke might try such a gesture during his set at the Billboard Music Awards on Sunday . Sure enough , the R&B crooner appeared to make a not-so-veiled reference to his romantic life with a performance of "  Get Her Back " during the ceremony . The new single has lyrics such as "  all I want to do is make it right " and , "  I miss you , I miss you so much , baby/I just want you to come back home . " While Thicke never mentioned Patton by name during the performance , he did thank his "  wife " for "  her love and support and for putting up with me all these years " during an acceptance speech for Top R&B song . That also would n't be the first time Thicke 's tried such a maneuver . Not long after the couple announced their separation , Thicke took the stage in Virginia and dedicated his hit "  Lost Without You " to his wife . "  I 'm trying to get my girl back , " he told the crowd . "  She 's a good woman . " According to People magazine , Thicke 's taking his tour of love to Tuesday night 's "  The Voice " finale as well . Patton , for her part , has been somewhat more demure about the couple 's status . When Vanity Fair wanted to know if her relationship with Thicke had reached its end , the actress vaguely replied , "  We 've known each other since we were teenagers . All I can tell you is there 's a deep love there -- always was , and always will be . "	Robin Thicke has tried to win back his wife through song He 's made references to his break up with Paula Patton during performances His song "  Get Her Back " appears to be about his estranged wife He also thanked her at the Billboard Music Awards
CNN  -- Nationally syndicated radio host Tom Joyner raised his hand in victory . "  I hope now they rest in peace , " Tom Joyner said of his two great-uncles who were wrongfully executed . Nearly 100 years had passed since his great-uncles , Thomas Griffin and Meeks Griffin , were wrongfully executed in South Carolina . On Wednesday , a board voted 7-0 to pardon both men , clearing their names in the 1913 killing of a veteran of the Confederate Army . It marks the first time in history that South Carolina has issued a posthumous pardon in a capital murder case . "  It really , really feels good , " Joyner told CNN 's Don Lemon . Joyner made the journey to Columbia , South Carolina , with his wife , his sons , his brother and nieces and nephews . When the board announced its decision , they danced , hugged and kissed . "  All of the above , " he said . Joyner describes gleeful , historic moment " In the end , it took only about 25 minutes for their pardon , nearly a century in the making . "  It 's good for the community . It 's good for the nation . Anytime that you can repair racism in this country is a step forward , " Joyner said . He said the ruling wo n't bring back his great-uncles , who were electrocuted in 1915 . But it does provide closure to his family . "  I hope now they rest in peace . " Many who were present were touched by the symbolism and significance of the moment . "  I felt like I was a witness to a historical event . It was pretty exciting around here , " said Peter O'Boyle , the chief spokesman for the Department of Probation , Parole and Pardon Services . Dwayne Green , an African-American member of the pardon board , said he admired Joyner for seeking the pardon . "  He 's not only done his family a service , but also the people of South Carolina . " "  There 's no statute of limitations on doing the right thing , " Green said . "  There 's so much good that can come out of this public show of mercy . " The unanimous vote , he said , was heartwarming and satisfying . "  It 's a great opportunity to show how much South Carolina has changed , " he said . "  While change comes slow , outcomes like this are a positive sign . " Joyner , the host of "  The Tom Joyner Morning Show , " had known nothing of his great-uncles ' murder convictions until last year . That 's when esteemed Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. uncovered Joyner 's past as part of the PBS documentary "  African American Lives 2 . " In the documentary , Joyner explains that he never knew why his grandmother left South Carolina . "  All I know is she left home and she ended up in Florida and she did n't stay in touch with her people , either , " Joyner says . "  Do you know why your grandmother moved away ? " Gates says . "  No , " Joyner says . "  I have no idea . " Gates then shows him his great-uncles ' death certificates . "  Cause of death : Legal electrocution , " it says . "  They electrocuted my -- " an astonished Joyner says , unable to finish his sentence . In that moment , Joyner began the journey that led him to Wednesday 's pardon . Gates and legal historian Paul Finkelman aided in the research of his family history , and helped lobby South Carolina to pardon the two Griffin brothers . It was n't the first time a pardon had been sought for the men . According to their research , more than 150 citizens of Blackstock , South Carolina , asked the governor at the time for their sentences to be commuted . Many prominent whites in the community , including the mayor and former sheriff of Chester County , came to the defense of the Griffin brothers . "  I heard this case , and I do n't think I could have given a verdict of guilty , " one magistrate wrote . The Griffin brothers had owned 130 acres in the area and were well-liked in the community . They were convicted of killing John Q. Lewis , a 73-year-old veteran of the Civil War . Lewis was slain in his home on April 24 , 1913 . "  Only the most profound sense of injustice would have led so many white leaders of the community and ordinary white citizens to publicly support blacks convicted of murdering a white man , " Finkelman said in a letter to the board of paroles and pardons . According to the research uncovered by Finkelman , Lewis , the former Confederate soldier , apparently had an intimate relationship with a married 22-year-old black woman , Anna Davis . Suspicion initially turned to her and her husband after the murder . "  It is plausible to believe that the sheriff did not want to pursue Mr. and Mrs. Davis because if they were tried , it would have led to a scandalous discussion in open court , " Finkelman wrote to the pardon board on October 2 , 2008 . The investigation later turned to another man , Monk Stevenson , who would ultimately point police to the Griffin brothers and two other black men . Stevenson received a life sentence in exchange . "  Stevenson later told a fellow inmate that he had implicated the Griffin brothers because he believed they were wealthy enough to pay for legal counsel , and as such would be acquitted , " Finkelman said . The Griffin brothers and the two other men , Nelson Brice and John Crosby , were convicted in a trial that lasted four days . They were electrocuted on September 29 , 1915 . Now , Joyner says he urges all African-Americans to explore their pasts -- no matter how difficult that journey may be . "  You can look at your ancestor struggles of the past and be encouraged . If they can go through what they went through , you can do much better , " he said . His journey is continuing . He wants to know even more about his great-uncles -- what happened to their land , how they made the community better , what made them so well-liked by whites in segregated South Carolina . "  Until we can repair some of the deeds of the past , we ca n't really look forward , " he said .	Radio host gets pardon for his great-uncles who were wrongfully executed in 1915 First time South Carolina has granted a posthumous pardon in capital murder case "  Anytime that you can repair racism in this country is a step forward , " Joyner says Thomas and Meeks Griffin had been executed for the killing of a Confederate veteran
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A Newsweek journalist accused of making false accusations against the Iranian government in the wake of the disputed presidential election in June was released from prison Saturday , Iranian media reported . Various organizations and individuals signed petitions asking for release of journalist Bahari , Newsweek says . Maziar Bahari , an Iranian-Canadian correspondent based in Tehran , was among the more than 100 journalists , reformist leaders and former government ministers who went on trial in August in Iran 's Revolutionary Court . Bahari was released from Evin prison on nearly $ 300,000 bail after spending four months behind bars , a revolutionary court spokesman told the news agency . The conditions of his release were not disclosed . Newsweek , which has firmly rejected the allegations against Bahari , reported Saturday that authorities did not specify why the journalist was released . Bahari , 42 , is expecting his first child October 26 , and "  the mother has experienced serious health complications , " Newsweek said in an article on its Web site . "  Humanitarian considerations were presumed to have played a role in the decision , " the article said . "  We are relieved that Newsweek journalist Maziar Bahari is home with his family today . We would like to thank all of those who supported Maziar through this long and uncertain period , " the magazine said in a statement . Newsweek said various organizations and individuals signed petitions asking for his release . Bahari 's case was among those raised at recent talks between the United States and Iran in Geneva . The government of Iran arrested more than 1,000 people in a massive crackdown following the June 12 election . Iran 's election commission declared President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad the overwhelming winner of the race , prompting hundreds of thousands of Iranians to fill the streets of Tehran in protest , contending the election was fraudulent . Bahari was accused of propagandizing against Iran , favoring opposition groups ; sending false reports through the foreign media ; and disturbing the peace by participating in the post-election demonstrations , according to Fars . The Iranian Labour News Agency said the reporter also was accused of possessing classified documents . According to Fars , Bahari confessed after his arrest at a news conference . CNN was unable to confirm the agency report . Human rights groups have accused prison guards of coercing false confessions among other forms of detainee mistreatment .	Maziar Bahari was accused of making false accusations against Iranian government The Newsweek journalist stood trial in August in Iran 's Revolutionary Court "  Humanitarian considerations " thought to play role in release , Newsweek says Thousands arrested , more than 100 stood trial after disputed presidential election
CNN  -- CNN marked a milestone Monday . Just before noon , the @cnnbrk account topped 10 million followers on Twitter . That puts our Twitter account in the company of Lady Gaga , President Barack Obama and Cristiano Ronaldo . To mark the occasion , it 's worth reflecting how we got here . The first tweet on @cnnbrk was n't news , and it was n't written by an employee of CNN . "  Testing " is what James Cox tweeted in January 2007 . Cox said he started the account as a way to receive CNN 's breaking news alerts on his phone . The account started to grow and gain attention . Journalist and fellow developer Brian Boyer posted this to his blog back in 2008 : " @cnnbrk ai n't CNN but with > 30K followers , he owns the brand . " Cox wrote a response to that post : "  I 've been in contact with CNN -- they wo n't sue , i 'm fairly sure , however i 'm constantly dealing with the problem of confusion -- users still think that @cnnbrk is an official feed , therefore making me a defacto CNN employee , which is a problem . " We did n't sue , but we did work out a deal to get the handle . As we celebrate reaching the 10-million-follower mark , Cox is the first person we should thank . The second person to thank , naturally , is Ashton Kutcher . In 2009 , he challenged CNN to a competition to see who could first reach 1 million followers . Kutcher won . At more than 13 million followers , @aplusk is still in the lead . And we 're still coming after him . We have a simple approach to @cnnbrk , and we believe that 's one of the keys to its success . Breaking news , from an organization that built its brand on breaking news . Straight up . Some of our most retweeted items include colorful observations from events such as last year 's conventions , slightly offbeat news and old-fashioned big breaking news . This is n't to say we are n't still "  testing . " We have n't always been first . It 's rare that we get it wrong , but when we do , we 've tried to be transparent about it . We believe that 's another key to our success . And we have a dash of fun on occasion . The CNN homepage team has managed @cnnbrk for the past three years , hand-crafting every tweet , 24-7 , mostly from our home base in Atlanta . They deserve the bulk of the cake and Champagne for this latest accomplishment . That team is headed by Carl Lavin  @FromCarl  , our lead homepage editor . Lila King  @lilacina  , our senior director for social news , is a spirit guide over all of CNN 's social media efforts . "  B-R-K , " in newsroom shorthand , is n't the only Twitter account at CNN . We have more than 100 . Our second most popular account is @cnn , and it 's no small fry with more than 7 million followers . What 's the difference between @cnnbrk and @cnn ? On @cnn , you 'll find breaking news -- and lots more . Some of our biggest and brightest names and shows have active , highly followed accounts . Many of our sections and beats , such as @cnnopinion , have their own accounts . The news team at Twitter called @cnnbrk the "  Lady Gaga " of news . Some of the staff is now suggesting that we wear meat dresses to work . Instead , we 'll thank those who got us started , tweet a thank you to all 10 million of our followers , and press on to 11 , 12 , 13 million and beyond . Lila King and Carl Lavin contributed to this piece and deserve an extra slice of cake for their efforts .	@cnnbrk surpassed the 10-million-follower mark Monday Managing Editor Meredith Artley says the CNN Twitter account started small Ashton Kutcher challenged CNN to a competition to reach 1 million ; he won Artley : CNN thanks its many followers and @cnnbrk founder James Cox
CNN  -- Russia 's Nadia Petrova stunned Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland in the Pan Pacific Open final in Tokyo on Saturday winning in three sets 6-0 1-6 6-3 . The 30-year-old stormed into a one-set lead , breaking the world No. 3 three times in the opening set before Radwanska rallied in the second . The final set was more evenly contested with Petrova claiming a decisive break in the eighth game to lead 5-3 , before holding serve to seal her second title of the season . "  I feel amazing . This is the biggest tournament I ever won and this is a great accomplishment . At the beginning of the tournament I did n't expect to be here because I had a back injury , so it 's delightful to be here right now , " Petrova said . Defending champion Radwanska , who reached her first Grand Slam final at Wimbledon earlier this year , accepted that the better player had prevailed on the day . "  Her biggest weapon is her serve , for sure , but to be honest , her return was not bad today . I really had to serve very good to win my game , so her serve and return were really working for her today , " the 23-year-old said . "  I was really trying to get the title again this year , but unfortunately she was playing too good , " she added . The victory sees Petrova move up four places in the world rankings to No. 14 .	Russian upsets world No. 3 with a three-set victory at Pan Pacific Open in Tokyo Two one-sided sets followed by a closer third with Petrova coming out on top Petrova moves up four places in world rankings to No. 14
Another week in America , another mass shooting . This time the mayhem was at the hands of a drive-by shooter Friday night , firing at people in Santa Barbara , California . Six dead , 13 others injured , gunman suicide , police say . Officials called the man "  severely mentally disturbed . " The rampage comes only weeks after police headed off a Minnesota teen 's plans to shoot up his school . According to news reports , John David LaDue allegedly possessed an arsenal  which included homemade bombs  that he allegedly planned to use to slaughter as many students as he could at his high school in rural Minnesota . Thanks to a civilian tip and good police work , we narrowly escaped a mass shooting then . On Friday , we were not as lucky . A friend of mine predicted that the United States would suffer probably 10 such shootings in 2014 . I did n't want to believe him , but I knew it would be true . It turns out we will suffer far more than 10 . We 've seen a shooting where an assailant targets multiple people somewhere in this country every week this year , according to the website Shootingtracker.com . Only a small number -- such as the recent FedEx shooting in Georgia , or those at Fort Hood , Texas , or Jewish facilities in Kansas -- will gain national attention . We have a problem with gun violence in this country . I think this much is not in dispute . The real debate is this : What do we do about it ? Unfortunately , most answers to this question involve greater governmental regulation and intrusion into our lives . Americans are fiercely independent , sometimes to a fault , and we bristle at any effort seen as trampling our inalienable rights . But the freedoms guaranteed in our Constitution have never been unfettered . Each amendment in the Bill of Rights has spawned a legacy of case law that interprets , defines , refines and restricts our basic freedoms based on the values and needs of the people at the time . Here are some examples : The First Amendment -- our freedom of speech , of expression , of assembly -- is our most fundamental right , but even it is not unrestricted . No matter how strongly we feel , our words can not be used to incite violence . They can not be used to further terrorism . We can not incite panic  shouting "  fire " in a crowded theater  . We are allowed our freedom of religion , yet we can not force those religious beliefs on others . The Fourth Amendment says we are secure in our home , and that the government can not search and seize our effects and paper without probable cause . While we 're free from improper government intrusion , the interpretation of probable cause has loosened over time . We 're free from government intrusion as long as we are not doing something illegal or something that would negatively affect our community .  I can live at peace in my home ; I can not do so with a meth lab . And of course we have amendments that ended slavery and granted universal suffrage . The Constitution is not written in stone . It evolves as our society evolves . The Second Amendment is more complicated , however , because it deals with issues larger than freedom and oppression ; it deals with life and death . Buried in the Second Amendment is the right to self-defense , the very mechanism that allowed our Founding Fathers to win freedom from tyranny . Some argue it is the right that guarantees all other rights . Our forefathers wanted us to be able to protect ourselves against outside threats , and even from internal tyranny . They may have even intended us to be able to protect ourselves from each other . It is a stretch to argue they intended guns to be so available , in such strength , that children , high-school populations and co-workers and law enforcement could be so easily slaughtered . A gun in the hands of a law-abiding citizen is the perfect , unassailable instrument for self-defense and for the protection of one 's family . To tell someone who is acting reasonably and rationally that they have to give up that right is unfathomable to the responsible gun owner . That 's why gun rights advocates have such a negative response to any perceived restrictions on gun ownership : They know , without question , that they will only use their weapon properly . But all too often guns are used improperly , without justification , with tragic results . While we have laws preventing convicted felons from legally owning guns , we live in a reality where even properly maintained guns wind up in the wrong hands , where the overly free commerce of firearms virtually assures that some of them will be used by people with criminal intentions . Gun rights advocates often see a comment like that as an argument for further restriction on their use of weapons , but that 's not the way I intend it . I myself am a responsible gun owner . I believe in the right to justified self-defense . I also believe that reasonable restrictions to assure that only law-abiding citizens can purchase firearms better prevents over-restriction of our Second Amendment . Our Constitution is a resilient force , and our Bill of Rights has survived countless modifications and restrictions without the erosion of fundamental freedoms . Our Second Amendment right is no different : It can survive modification and restriction without the fear that it will vanish altogether . Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg recently pledged $ 50 million to address gun issues . In the face of such a concerted effort , the failure of gun rights advocates to allow any reasonable flexibility to our right to bear arms could mean that it will eventually buckle under the weight of thoughtful opposition propelled to action by the next series of tragic and , unfortunately , inevitable mass shootings .	Mark O'Mara : Fatal shooting rampage in Santa Barbara latest to reflect U.S. violence problem He says U.S. has vast number of shootings , and the tough part is what to do about it Responsible gun owners do n't want to gut 2nd Amendment , he says , but ca n't ignore problem O'Mara : If gun owners do n't allow reasonable flexibility , they may soon face over-restriction
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Atlanta 's public school system was told Tuesday it has until September 30 to make progress on a series of recommendations or risk its high schools ' losing their accreditation , a fate that would affect the college hopes of many of the system 's graduates . The probation placed on the system 's high schools stems from complaints that conflicts between members had severely hampered the school board 's ability to govern effectively , according to a statement from AdvancEd , the world 's largest school accrediting agency and the parent company of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools . "  This is designed to improve the school system , " Mark Elgart , president and CEO of AdvancED , said at a news conference Tuesday . "  The  school  board and the system have a choice here : They can choose to proactively take actions designed to improve it , building on these actions we have outlined , or they can fight it . " Members of Atlanta Public Schools Board of Education met in a special session Tuesday afternoon to review the report , and will vote next week to formally accept it , the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported . Elgart will be at next week 's meeting to answer board members ' questions , the newspaper said . The action is a "  grave moment in our history , but one that we must resolve , " board member Reuben McDaniel told CNN affiliate WXIA . AdvancED conducted a special review looking into -- among other things -- a leadership shakeup initiated by the school board last summer . The board changed its policy to allow a simple majority vote to change the chair and vice chair positions , despite outside legal advice that such a policy change would be illegal . Ultimately , a lawsuit was filed challenging the move . CNN education contributor Steve Perry asks how Atlanta schools ' cheating scandal could affect students . The special review also found that the board circumvented its own procurement policies in approving a contract for a communications vendor , and that the "  fallout " from the friction on the board had become a distraction to staff . According to AdvancED , the steps the school system must take to show progress include : developing a plan to effectively communicate is mission to staff and other "  stakeholders ; " hiring a trained mediator to work with board members to resolve issues ; ensuring that board policies -- "  especially those related to ethics and chain of command " -- are understood and followed ; and coming up with a plan for selecting a superintendent that "  demonstrates integrity throughout the process . " Atlanta Public Schools , which has 47,000 students , is the second large school system to have schools placed on probation , and the second in the metro area , according to Jennifer Oliver , vice president for communications for the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools . Schools in Clayton County , south of Atlanta , lost their accreditation in 2008 and are approaching the end of a two-year probation . In an e-mail response to a question from CNN , Oliver cautioned that Atlanta 's public high schools "  are still accredited , and it 's too early to speculate on about whether  the schools  will lose their accreditation . " However , she said , a loss of accreditation could mean that "  graduating seniors may be limited in scholarships and college admissions if a program requires students to come from an accredited institution and/or uses accreditation of the high school as part of the criteria for evaluating students . " The school system , which had won national awards for closing academic gaps in recent years , was rocked last year by allegations of cheating on standardized tests given to elementary and middle school students . An independent commission found that employees at 12 schools had violated testing protocols , the Journal-Constitution reported in June 2010 . Because AdvancED only accredits Atlanta 's public high schools , it is n't involved in the test-cheating investigation . "  However , " Oliver said , "  how the board addresses the results of the investigation as leaders of the school system will be of interest to  AdvancED  in regards to the Accreditation Standard of Governance and Leadership , which they are currently not meeting . " CNN 's Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	Accrediting agency on Tuesday announced probationary status for Atlanta public high schools AdvancED : System has till September 30 to show progress on recommendations School board decisions and friction between members are at the core of complaints
A Texas state senator tried Tuesday to block an abortion bill by attempting a 13-hour filibuster , but appeared to fall short after 10 hours when the chairman ruled she had gone off topic . But a member of the Senate then moved that the ruling be appealed , and the status of the ruling was in doubt . Fort Worth Democrat Wendy Davis , 50 , took to the floor of the chamber late Tuesday morning to criticize the bill , which would be among the nation 's most restrictive . Rules called for her to stand , unaided , until midnight  1 a.m. Wednesday ET  , for the filibuster to succeed . At the outset , Davis said she was speaking for families whose "  personal relationships with their doctor and their creator " would be violated by the bill . "  These voices have been silenced by a governor who made blind partisanship and personal political ambition the official business of our great state , " she said . "  And sadly , he 's being abetted by legislative leaders who either share this blind partisanship or simply do not have the strength to oppose it . " Davis had a snack and a small amount of water before beginning , her office said . She was not allowed to lean or take a bathroom break . At about 10 p.m.  11 p.m. ET  , Davis talked about the abortion pill , RU-486 , and the chairman ruled that her comments were off topic . Earlier in the evening , a fellow senator helped Davis put on a back brace , which angered some lawmakers who said it violated filibuster rules . That view was upheld in a vote , and she was given a warning . Before that , she had been ruled off topic . Davis was allowed three warnings before the Senate was to be allowed to vote on whether she must stop her filibuster . The sneaker-wearing senator spent much of the time reading testimony and messages from women decrying the bill and recounting stories of the struggles they , their friends or relatives faced in the days before birth control and abortion were legalized . "  Women realize that these bills will not protect their heath , " she said . "  They will only reduce their access to abortion providers and limit their ability to make their own family-planning decisions . " The bill would ban most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy and tighten standards on abortion clinics and the doctors who work at them . Critics say it would shut most of the abortion clinics in Texas . It has passed the state House of Representatives , and Gov. Rick Perry , a former Republican presidential candidate , has said he 'll sign it . "  In Texas , we value all life , and we 've worked to cultivate a culture that supports the birth of every child , " Perry said . "  We have an obligation to protect unborn children , and to hold those who peddle these abortions to standards that would minimize the death , disease and pain they cause . " While Republicans hold a majority in the Senate , they do n't appear to have the votes to thwart a filibuster . Abortion rights advocates were rallying behind Davis online , pushing the hashtag #standwithwendy on Twitter . "  Like never before , people in Texas are standing up to demand that politicians respect women 's ability to make our own personal medical decisions , and the whole country is watching , " Cecile Richards , president of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund , said in a statement on the filibuster . Richards -- the daughter of former Texas Gov. Ann Richards -- said , "  This bill is dangerous and deeply unpopular , and it will hurt a lot of women . We wo n't go back , we wo n't back down , and we wo n't forget when these politicians are on the ballot . " "  Partisanship and ambition are not unusual in a state capitol , but here , in Texas , right now , it has risen to a level of profound irresponsibility and the raw abuse of power , " she said in a statement on her website . Davis was elected to the Texas Senate in 2008 , defeating a longtime Republican incumbent . Last year , she staged a filibuster to force a special session in an attempt to stop $ 5 billion in cuts to Texas public schools , according to her website . Davis , who became a single mother at age 19 , went on to graduate with honors from Harvard Law School , it says .	Sen. Wendy Davis said to have digressed Davis would have had to hold the floor until midnight "  Blind partisanship and personal political ambition " drive the bill , she says Critics say the law would shut most of the state 's abortion clinics
CNN  -- The biggest challenge was finding an Edward . Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart play Edward and Bella in "  Twilight . " "  The most perfect guy in the world , " "  Twilight " director Catherine Hardwicke said , ticking off the characteristics of "  Twilight 's " vampire hero . "  Can not be Leo -LSB- DiCaprio -RSB- ; can not be Brad Pitt . They do n't fit in high school anymore . And there are a lot of cute guys , but do they really look like they 've lived for 108 years ? " Probably not , but with a fan base as large as "  Twilight 's , " Hardwicke had to search for one . And if the thousands of screaming girls who show up at autograph signings are any measure , she found him in Robert Pattinson . The actor , best known for playing Cedric Diggory in "  Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire , " has faced mob scenes wherever he 's appeared . Fans in Dallas waited overnight in the rain for a chance to see him ; an event in San Francisco was delayed because of the crush . Pattinson is still surprised by the reaction . Though things started quietly during filming , by the time production was wrapping , "  there were like 200 people turning up to the set every day , " he said . "  And now , if we were trying to shoot it now , it would be absolutely impossible to do anything . Because where ever there 's a ` Twilight , ' anything mentioned about ` Twilight , ' thousands of people turn up . " "  Twilight 's " many fans -- most of whom will get their first feature-length glimpse of Edward when the film opens with midnight showings Friday -- ca n't wait for the witching hour . They also have n't been afraid of letting Kristen Stewart , who plays Bella Swan in the film based on Stephenie Meyer 's series of books , know about their feelings for "  Twilight " -- and Edward . Some have been downright disdainful , Stewart told CNN at the Los Angeles interviews for the film . "  Very communicative looks , " Stewart said . "  Like , ` I 'm just letting you know with this look that you 're nothing special . ... I 'm here for Edward , and I hope you do n't ruin the movie . ' It 's really crazy . " Stewart does n't let it bother her , though . She 's been focused on portraying Bella , a clumsy , awkward 17-year-old who moves into a small town that she finds quite boring . Boring , that is , until she meets and falls in love with Edward  Pattinson  . Watch Pattinson greet a line of screaming fans " The vampires created by Meyer are different from those of the past . They dress fashionably , have good taste in art and music , and are very much human . "  They are the main characters , " Stewart said . "  They are the people that you sympathize with . They 're not just the villains in the movie . " Edward is one of the Cullen family of vampires , a clan that has stopped drinking human blood . "  He made his world smaller and smaller so he never killed anybody , " Pattinson said of his character . "  And he did n't care about anyone else . Imagine , never having an emotion ... and then suddenly this girl comes into your life . As well as breaking down all your self-discipline , which you 've had for 80 years , she also makes you feel everything again . " Edward and Bella must overcome obstacles worthy of "  Romeo and Juliet " in their relationship .  Besides the differences in her background with Edward , Bella is also stalked by a vampire with fewer scruples than the Cullen boy .  But it 's that sexual tension that makes the whole vampire culture so undeniably delicious , Hardwicke said . "  The idea of this incredibly seductive creature wanting to bite your neck , " she said . "  And if he does , on one level it could be pleasurable . If he goes too far , you could die . That kind of razor 's edge , that sexual tension , is incredibly seductive . " That does n't mean the film is all lovey-dovey . Hardwicke and the movie 's stunt coordinator spent hours trying to figure out how to keep the fight scenes true to Meyer 's books . Meyer 's vampires ca n't be killed with stakes or holy water ; they have to be ripped limb from limb . And then what 's left has to be burned . "  How do you fight when you 're trying to pull somebody 's arms off or twist their head off ? " Hardwicke asked . "  That makes for a different kind of fight . " Romance , seduction and violence are all well and good , elements that have fulfilled audience desires for decades . But it 's the vampires that give those characteristics an extra edge , whether it 's in Bram Stoker 's "  Dracula , " "  Buffy the Vampire Slayer " or "  Twilight . " iReport.com : Are you planning to see ` Twilight ' ? "  A vampire itself is just such a great template for making a mysterious character , " Pattinson said . "  They can only come out at night . They have a dark secret , which by vampire law they 're not allowed to tell anybody . And the only people who find out , die . " "  Twilight " is based on the first of Meyer 's now four-book series . So will the movie "  Twilight " follow in the footsteps of another book series with a huge audience , J.K. Rowling 's Harry Potter tales ? Hardwicke said she does n't know . "  Stephenie went a little wild -LSB- in the sequel -RSB- and wrote all these visual effects and werewolves and Italy and everything , " she said . "  So the next book is going to be a lot more expensive -LSB- to make -RSB- . But if this one makes enough , then we 'll get to do it . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this story .	"  Twilight " is eagerly awaited movie based on Stephenie Meyer 's book Film concerns romance between a vampire and a high school girl Co-star Kristen Stewart says fans possessive of Robert Pattinson , who plays Edward
Cairo  CNN  -- Egyptians exulted Wednesday over the detention of their ailing former president and his two sons in a probe exploring the killing of protesters in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the center of the country 's dramatic uprising earlier this year . Former President Hosni Mubarak and his sons , Gamal and Alaa , were taken into 15-day detainment Tuesday in connection with the protesters ' deaths , according to Ahmed Hemeida with the Justice Ministry . Mubarak has decried accusations of his responsibility in the deaths , saying the probe is aimed at tarnishing his reputation and that of his family . The detention and questioning of the former authoritarian leader is unprecedented in the modern Arab world . Saddam Hussein , Iraq 's late leader , was captured by U.S. troops and put on trial after his regime was toppled more than eight years ago -- but Mubarak 's case is different because his detention did n't involve the West . In contrast to Hussein 's case , the government made the arrest amid domestic demands that Mubarak be held . People on the street in Cairo saw the arrest as a positive sign . One smiling taxi driver stopped in traffic , crossed his wrists in front of himself as if he was handcuffed and yelled "  Mubarak ` cuffed ! ' " in Arabic . Mahmoud Amreya , who cooks chicken and beef shawarma sandwiches over a hot grill , beamed . "  I am very happy , " he said . Ahmed Abdulsalem , an accountant in a coffee shop , said Egypt "  has taken a big step forward " with people regaining their dignity . "  In the previous regime corruption gave way to more corruption , and it was survival of the fittest , " he said . "  Corruption . The country was spiraling downwards from bad to worse , in all cases . What we are living today is much better than what it was under the oppressive regime . " The developments came a day after the former president -- who earlier was summoned for questioning on corruption allegations -- was admitted to a hospital in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh after complaining to his doctor he felt unwell . Egyptian state television reported Mubarak suffered a heart attack during questioning over possible corruption charges . Egypt 's health minister later said Mubarak 's condition was stable enough to allow prosecutors to resume questioning at the hospital , according to the state-owned Al Ahram newspaper . A man who said he was the head doctor from a Ministry of Justice team assisting with Mubarak 's questioning said late Wednesday the former leader had heart palpitations and was able to walk with assistance . The doctor , Dr. Ahmed El Sabaaei , told Egypt 's opposition Al Hayat El Youm TV that Mubarak was still at Sharm el-Sheikh International Hospital in stable condition . However , Alla Mahmoud , an Interior Ministry spokesman , told CNN that Mubarak was flown by helicopter to a hospital in Cairo on Wednesday . The younger Mubaraks have been transferred to Cairo 's Tora Prison , Hemeida said . Mubarak and his family were believed to have been living on his estate in the Red Sea resort of Sharm el-Sheikh since February 11 , when he stepped down and handed power to the military . In response to accusations that his family had grown wealthy at the expense of the Egyptian people , Mubarak , in a brief audio message aired Sunday , promised he and his family would account for everything they own . He said he agreed to allow the prosecutor to contact governments around the world to take "  proper legal steps " to reveal whether he or his family own any property or real estate outside Egypt . Mubarak was brought to Cairo for questioning last month , and Egypt 's attorney general issued an order to freeze the assets of him and his family , and prohibited them from leaving the country . Mubarak had back surgery in Germany in 2004 and returned for more surgery there in March 2010 . It was widely reported the 2010 operation was to have his gall bladder removed , but El Sabaaei said Mubarak had actually been suffering from prostate cancer and went to Germany to have his prostate removed . Mubarak had largely withdrawn from public view in recent years , until this year 's uprising prompted him to make televised speeches . He ruled Egypt for nearly three decades before his regime was toppled by a groundswell of popular protests that began January 25 . On the street , meanwhile , Mohamed Gafar , a taxi driver , said that because of Mubarak 's detention he is seeing a wellspring of joy from his perch , what he called "  happiness beyond imagination . " "  The man that used to put people in prison is now behind bars . " he said . "  They were the rulers of the country and today , with God 's will , where are they ? In prison . In prison . Oppression has an end . Every oppressor has an end . " CNN 's Samson Desta , Caroline Faraj , Ivan Watson and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report	Mubarak and two sons are being held for questioning in the killing of protesters The questioning of Mubarak on corruption allegations already had begun , the military says Egyptian state television reports Mubarak had a heart attack Mubarak stepped down on February 11
BAIDOA , Somalia  CNN  -- Somali president Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed Tuesday appointed a new prime minister -- but the previous prime minister is refusing to accept his dismissal . Somali President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , in a photo from August , could face sanctions from Kenya . The Somali parliament on Monday backed Nur Hassan Hussein , who has been prime minister for about 13 months , in his power struggle with the president . Tuesday , the president named Mohamed Mohamud Guled , a close ally of the transitional federal government , as the new Somali prime minister . The move is likely to deepen the political impasse in a country already struggling with an Islamist revolt , a refugee crisis and rampant lawlessness that has fueled a wave of piracy off the Horn of Africa . Somalia has been without an effective central government since 1991 . The United Nations-backed transitional government took office after Ethiopian troops ousted an Islamist government at the end of 2006 , but controls little of the country outside the southwestern city of Baidoa . Yusuf said Sunday he was firing Hussein for being ineffective . Hussein said the president did not have the power to fire him . The vast majority of members of parliament backed Hussein Monday in a vote of confidence . But Tuesday Yusuf announced he had "  decided to appoint the new premier to pull the country out of the current violence and non-functioning government . " He said Guled would form a Cabinet , which the president would appoint without asking parliament to confirm it . Kenya warned it could impose sanctions against Yusuf on Tuesday , saying the power struggle between him and Hassan endangers peace efforts in Somalia . Kenyan Foreign Minister Moses Wetangula singled out Yusuf in a sharply worded statement that called his current standoff with Hassan "  totally destructive , unhelpful to the region and to Somali society in general . " Wetangula said Yusuf and his family could face targeted sanctions over his Sunday decision to sack Hassan . "  President Abdullahi Yusuf is a party to the summit deceleration and the Djibouti peace process and should not therefore take any unilateral decisions which hinder the attainment of peace in Somalia , " Wetangula said . "  The current peace initiatives are at a critical stage and require support of all the peace loving Somalis and the region as a whole . The deviation from this path is certainly to bound to jeopardize the peace process . " Kenya is a major player in international efforts to stabilize Somalia . The chaos in Somalia has driven sharply higher numbers of desperate people to seek passage across the Gulf of Aden , with smugglers packing as many as 150 people into boats as small as 25 feet  8 meters  for the crossing , according to a spokesman for the aid group Doctors Without Borders . "  It is a very , very dangerous journey and the smugglers are very , very cruel with the refugees , " Andreas Koutepas , a field coordinator for the group in Yemen , told CNN 's "  Inside Africa . " "  We have many incidents of stabbing or people suffocating and just being thrown in the sea . " In addition , smugglers want to avoid detection by the Yemeni coast guard -- "  So sometimes they just disembark people in deep water , " Koutepas said . "  And since most of the people can not swim , they just drown . " At least 24 people have drowned off Yemen in December so far , he said , and another half-dozen are unaccounted for . But since many of the refugees "  consider themselves already dead " if they remain , "  They take their chances with this trip , no matter how dangerous the trip is . It 's a quite tragic situation . " CNN correspondent David McKenzie and journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	Somali president Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed fired country 's prime minister on Sunday PM refuses to leave ; parliament backs him ; Yusuf appoints new PM Kenya threatens sanctions on Yusuf , says he 's undermining peace efforts Somali has been without effective central government since 1991
CNN  -- While Sen. Barack Obama has campaigned on a message of hope , his wife , Michelle , has talked about the realities of American life -- the gaps between rich and poor , black and white . Sen. Barack Obama has spoken out against criticism of his wife , Michelle . She 's publicly criticized the United States as "  guided by fear " and "  just downright mean . " The woman known as "  the rock " in the Obama family will now appear before the Democratic National Convention in Denver , Colorado , on Monday -- and before the world -- with a clear message : "  One Nation . " But will Michelle Obama -- who could be the nation 's first African-American first lady -- carry a theme of unity in light of controversial comments she 's made on the campaign trail that resulted in speculation about her patriotism ? Aides in the Obama campaign say she 's already honing her message for the fall . "  Michelle wrote her own stump -LSB- speech -RSB- . And you know , she 's refining it now , I think , as we 're going into the general election , " said Valerie Jarrett , a senior Obama adviser . "  We have an opportunity for her to kind of step back and think about the message she wants to deliver . So she 's really working on it as we speak . " Her new speeches will include more details about her family and humble upbringing on Chicago 's South Side , aides say . Michelle LaVaughn Robinson , 44 , was born in Chicago , Illinois . She attended Princeton University and then went on to Harvard Law School . She later became a vice president at the University of Chicago and landed a job as a health care executive making $ 275,000 a year . Barack , Michelle and their two daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , live on the South Side of Chicago . But along with her success has come criticism . Robin Givhan , fashion editor with The Washington Post , told CNN that people see Michelle Obama in different ways . "  Some people will see confidence , and others might see cockiness . I think some people will see strength . Others might see arrogance , " she said . "  She comes across as someone who is extraordinarily independent and very much a force to be reckoned with . " Behind the scenes , she maintains that independence . But with the election just months away , the potential first lady is trying to connect with voters on a more personal level . In June , she made an appearance as a guest co-host on ABC 's "  The View , " and later , she and her husband graced the cover of Us Weekly . The magazine , headlined "  Michelle Obama : Why Barack Loves Her , " included details about her love for Target , "  Sex and the City " and her daughters ' recitals . Asked on "  The View " if she 's going through a makeover , she said she realizes that "  I wear my heart on my sleeve " and that "  it 's a risk you have to take . " She said she thinks people will change their perception of her as they see her family more . Carl Sferrazza Anthony , a first ladies historian , told CNN that it 's important for Michelle Obama to define herself before others define her . "  One comment made off-hand ... might be easily misinterpreted by the opposition , " he said in June . Michelle Obama saw that in February when a Tennessee Republican ad used a snippet from a campaign event in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . There , while referring to record voter turnout in the Democratic primaries , she said , "  for the first time in my adult lifetime , I am really proud of my country . " The Obama campaign called the ad "  shameful , " and it was condemned by the state 's two Republican U.S. senators . But the ad 's message caught on in conservative blogs -- and later forced Michelle Obama to clarify her remarks . "  What I was clearly talking about is that I am proud in how Americans are engaging in the political process , " she responded . "  I mean , everyone has said what I said , in that we have n't seen these record numbers of turnouts , people who are paying attention , going to rallies , watching debates . " Cindy McCain , the wife of Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , also took a shot at Michelle Obama at the time , saying , "  I am proud of my country . I do n't know about you , if you heard those words earlier . I am very proud of my country . " More recently , controversy erupted over a July 13 New Yorker magazine cover showing Barack Obama in the Oval Office dressed in traditional Muslim attire , and Michelle Obama with an Afro hairstyle and a machine gun slung over her back . An American flag can be seen burning in the fireplace , and a picture of Osama bin Laden hangs on the wall . Shortly after the magazine was published , Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton called the cover "  tasteless and offensive . " John McCain later said it was "  totally inappropriate . " But the overall issue of Michelle Obama as a potential liability has made headlines on both coasts -- with articles in both The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times in early June . The newspapers pointed to relentless online rumor mills , criticism on conservative blogs and articles in conservative magazines , like the National Review , critical of Michelle Obama . New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd wrote in June that the backlash against Michelle Obama was a "  good preview of how Republicans will attack Michelle , suggesting that she does not share American values , mining a subtext of race . " Conservatives view the presumptive Democratic nominee 's wife as a target of opportunity . But one Republican consultant has said attacks on candidates ' wives often backfire . "  Considering there are so many issues -- legitimate issues -- that you can use on Barack Obama , to attack his wife to me is sheer utter stupidity of the highest level , " Stephen Marks , a Republican strategist , told CNN in June . "  Mr. Obama is going to come to his wife 's defense , and it 's going to humanize both of them . " Republican strategists say the wife of the Democratic presidential nominee is fair game . "  There is less information about him to temper her comments against , so what she says represents something a lot more important than perhaps other candidates in the past who have had a longer track record , " Rachel Marsden , a Republican strategist , also told CNN . The potential first lady , however , appears to be bracing for what may lie ahead . "  We 're trusting that the American voters are ready to talk about the issues and not talking about things that have nothing to do with making people 's lives better , " Michelle Obama told ABC News during a joint interview in May . But Barack Obama quickly added , "  I also think these folks should lay off my wife . " CNN 's Randi Kaye and Jonathan Mann contributed to this report .	Michelle Obama to deliver "  One Nation " speech at Democratic convention Monday Conservatives criticized remark made on campaign trail , questioned her patriotism Sen. Obama : I "  think these folks should lay off my wife "
CNN  -- A few years ago , when I would tell people that my husband was deployed to Afghanistan , they would often respond with , "  Well , at least he 's not in Iraq , " a comment I always found ignorant and irritating . But now , with the Iraq war ending , I am grateful that my husband 's deployments were all to Afghanistan , to the war that the world -- at least temporarily -- forgot . Today I am grateful the name "  Iraq " is not in my family 's scrapbooks , our memories or the stories we will pass on to future generations , though my reasoning has nothing to do with the actual fighting that took place there . I am grateful because , to many Americans , Afghanistan is still the "  good " war , the one we had to fight . Iraq was the war that many never understood nor supported . The Iraq war was tied up from the start in confusion and wrapped in acronym . There were missing WMDs and deadly IEDs , soldiers with PTSD and TBI returning home only to struggle through deplorable conditions at Walter Reed . There was sectarian violence that stretched from mosque to mosque , fueled by centuries-old religious disputes between groups most of us had never even known existed . Our belief in the goodness of our own people was challenged when perverse pictures from Abu Ghraib appeared on the evening news . There were stories of made-up heroism , shortages of body armor , an array of military contractors who were neither soldiers nor civilians but lived instead in a shady gray area -- and there were terrifying kidnappings that tragically often ended in death . Through it all were earnest-faced troops mugging in YouTube videos and talking to embedded reporters , slogging through their fourth , fifth and sixth deployments away from their homes and their families . The good news -- the neighborhoods that were made safe , the schools and hospitals that were opened , the proud purple-fingered elections -- was often eclipsed by the bad news and the learning curve for Americans was steep , too steep . Pretty soon it all became too much to take . So I am happy to have never had a "  Half My Heart Is in Iraq " sticker on my car because now , nearly nine years after the start of the Iraq War , people do n't shake their heads and look down when I talk of my husband 's deployments . They do n't suck in their breaths and say to me , "  What a waste . " My family does n't have to suffer the comments and opinions of others for our part in a war that was never ours to choose -- at least not now , though I suppose that could still change . The thing is , my husband did n't get to decide where he went to fight . He signed up for the Army and the Army told him where to go . In fact , my husband and I , like many in military families , never thought of the two conflicts as being separate wars . To us this war was always one war with two fronts . The bullets and the IEDs killed the same in either country . Where the plane landed and the deployment began was simply the luck of the draw . But now that the war in Iraq is over , there 's not likely to be a second "  Mission Accomplished " banner to herald the end . The ticker tape will stay tightly wound . The confetti wo n't get thrown and the marching bands will save their energy and their songs for Christmas parades . There will be speeches and praise , kind words and kudos -- and there will undoubtedly be families overjoyed to be together to celebrate the holidays -- even if they have to celebrate a week or two late . But the day the Iraq war ended wo n't be noted on future calendars because the rightness of our involvement in that country still has yet to be determined . After nine years of Iraqis looking to us to decide their future , the future perception of America 's presence there now rests almost entirely with the Iraqis . If their country is better for our sacrifices , history will look kindly on our efforts . But if Iraq falls apart , the time and treasure we spent there -- both monetary and human -- will likely be seen as wasted . So , though I 'm glad to not have that Iraq baggage in my family , I worry now for all my friends who do . It is a horrible thing to have given tremendously to a cause that others do not respect . Our nation 's mission in Iraq will end this month with full flights of weary soldiers and thousands of tons of gear . Those who make up the last of America 's fighting force there will come home , unpack and sleep off some of their exhaustion , and then they 'll put their uniforms back on and go right back to work on their military bases . It will seem , in many ways , like a war that never happened -- a nearly nine-year-long bad dream . I hope that , going forward , Americans will keep in mind that the men and women who served in Iraq did so honorably and nobly and that they and their families sacrificed greatly for our nation . They deserve the gratitude of the nation that sent them -- again and again and again -- to war . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rebekah Sanderlin .	Rebekah Sanderlin : To many Americans , Afghanistan is the "  good " war , as opposed to Iraq Iraq was the war that many never understood nor supported , Sanderlin says Like many in military families , I never thought of them as being separate wars , she says Sanderlin : I hope Americans know that those who served in Iraq did so honorably and nobly
CNN  -- In-demand Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas has revealed that his future has still to be decided , amid continued reports linking him with a return to boyhood club Barcelona . Fabregas left the Catalan giants to sign for Arsenal as a 16-year-old , but has been linked with a return in recent years , speculation that has intensified with the London club now six seasons without winning a trophy . However , speaking at a promotional event in Madrid , Gunners captain Fabregas -- a member of Spain 's Euro 2008 and 2010 World Cup winnings squads -- said : "  I have n't yet spoken to Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger . Lille reveal Gervinho set for Arsenal talks "  He is the one who makes the decisions and I do n't know if Arsenal want to sell me or not . I have my values and after everything I have experienced with the team for eight years , I 'm not going to say something that could ruin everything . " The 24-year-old Fabregas has made no secret of his affection for Barcelona and that came to a head after the last year 's World Cup victory , when he admitted he wanted to rejoin the club he left in 2003 . However , Fabregas has now conceded he might have erred in making his intentions known then . "  I came out and gave my position and maybe I was wrong to do so , " he revealed . "  Barca are the best team in the world and going there guarantees winning titles . Any player who says they are not frustrated by not winning titles is lying -- I am ambitious . " He added : "  Everyone has their way of interpreting things , but in these decisions not everything depends on the player -- to say anything else would be to lie and give way to speculations that are n't true . "	Cesc Fabregas reveals that no decisions have been made regarding his future The Arsenal captain continues to be linked with a return to Barcelona Fabregas left Barca as a 16-year-old but has always spoken of his love for the club
