Former South African leader Nelson Mandela is in "  serious but stable condition " at a Pretoria hospital with a recurring lung infection , the presidential spokesman said Saturday . Mandela was hospitalized early Saturday after the state of his health deteriorated in the last few days , according to spokesman Mac Maharaj . "  He 's receiving the best possible care , " he said . "  Everything is being done to ensure that he is comfortable and that he is getting better . " Maharaj said that the anti-apartheid icon is breathing on his own . Mandela 's wife , Graca Machel , is at the hospital with him , sources told CNN . She canceled her plans to attend the Hunger Summit meeting in London on Saturday . South Africa 's first black president gets round-the-clock care , and his house is retrofitted with medical equipment that mirrors that of an intensive care unit . Mandela , 94 , has become increasingly frail over the years and has not appeared in public since South Africa hosted the World Cup in 2010 . Despite his rare public appearances , news of his ailment spark concerns worldwide . "  I think the concern , the anxiety shown by people throughout the world and South Africa is perfectly understandable , " Maharaj said . "  I think it is also true simultaneously that people have come to terms with his age . The most important thing is that we should realize that this is a life that we need to celebrate , even when he 's with us . And we will celebrate it , even when he is not with us . " Mandela has been in and out of hospitals in recent years . His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner on Robben Island during apartheid , and he has battled respiratory infections over the years . Last year , he spent Christmas holidays undergoing treatment for a lung infection and gallstones , one of his longest hospital stays since his release from prison in 1990 . Considered the founding father of South Africa 's democracy , Mandela became an international figure while enduring 27 years in prison for fighting against apartheid , the country 's system of racial segregation . "  He has taught us ... that we enhance our own humanity when we serve and make a difference to other people 's lives , " Maharaj said . "  It 's easy to serve oneself , own interests , but serving the interests of others , making their lives better changes the quality of all humanity . " In 1993 , Mandela and then-South African President F.W. de Klerk jointly won the Nobel Peace Prize . The iconic leader was elected the nation 's first black president a year later , serving only one term , as he had promised . Despite rare public appearances in recent years , he retains his popularity and is considered a hero of democracy in the nation . Last year , South Africa launched a new batch of banknotes with a picture of a smiling Mandela on the front , a testament to his iconic status . Mandela 's impact extends far beyond South African borders . After he left office , he mediated conflicts from Africa to the Middle East .	"  Anxiety shown by people throughout the world is perfectly understandable , " spokesman says Mandela is taken to a Pretoria hospital early Saturday He is breathing on his own despite lung infection His history of lung problems dates to when he was a political prisoner
CNN 's Soledad O'Brien looks at how some are fighting debt from the pulpit in "  Almighty Debt : A Black in America Special , " premiering at 9 p.m. ET on October 21 . Over the last couple of months , CNN has highlighted diverse perspectives on faith in the black community in an opinion series , "  The Black Pulpit . " Explore some of those viewpoints below : Black churches and the role of empowerment The Rev. DeForest "  Buster " Soaries Jr. is the senior pastor of First Baptist Church of Lincoln Gardens in Somerset , New Jersey . He is featured in CNN 's documentary , "  Almighty Debt " and explained what he thinks of as the black churches ' role of empowerment . "  What is irrefutable is that without a deep and authentic faith and a passion for the institutional development of that faith , African-Americans could have never sustained the fortitude necessary to survive and succeed in the American experience . " Heavenly minded , financially empowered Bishop T.D. Jakes , best-selling author and senior pastor of the legendary 30,000-member Dallas-based church , The Potter 's House , writes "  As a faith leader , entrepreneur , and philanthropist , I 've always had one foot in both the practical and the spiritual worlds . Prayer is good , but you also have to be able to manage your checkbook . " Finding refuge in Buddhism Myokei Caine-Barrett is the first woman of African-Japanese descent to be ordained as a minister in the Nichiren Shu Order . She shares how she found refuge in Buddhism and how it helped her be a bridge . "  Buddhism has been the mainstay of my life , enabling me to understand life 's reality and providing a practice of faith to deal with that reality . " Authentically black and truly Catholic Dr. C. Vanessa White , an assistant professor of spirituality and the firector of a program that prepares African-American lay Catholic men and women for ministry in the church , says "  What has helped black Catholics survive in the midst of almost insurmountable odds is a spirituality that bridges both our African-American experience and our Catholic faith . " Churches played vital role in historically black colleges ' success Michael Lomax , president and CEO of the United Negro College Fund , writes "  I vividly remember being introduced to the historic role churches played in black education . ... The churches ' investment in black education paid dividends , not only to the students , but also for America . " Gaining freedom through faith and good works The Rev. Jesse Jackson writes in his opinion piece , "  My faith tradition has always been inextricably bound with the tradition of the civil rights movement . The blood , sweat and tears of "  the movement " have run through my life ; they touched and entangled me with an indelible spirit of never giving up , always trying to serve . "	Professor writes of how to bridge both the African-American experience and the Catholic faith . T.D. Jakes : "  Prayer is good , but you also have to be able to manage your checkbook . " Myokei Caine-Barrett , of African-Japanese descent shares how she found refuge in Buddhism .
CNN  It 's an almost too-perfect metaphor . This week brought news that a Republican member of Congress has decked out his office in the style of the mansion in "  Downton Abbey , " the BBC series that Americans -- struggling against income inequality of historic proportions -- somehow ca n't get enough of . Maybe it 's because we can relate . The United States is fast becoming a real-life example -- or worse -- of the upstairs/downstairs inequality portrayed in the show . And it 's Republican policies that got us there and are making it worse . On Monday , Ben Terris , a reporter from The Washington Post , toured the Downton-inspired office of U.S. Rep. Aaron Schock , R-Illinois . Terris described the outer office : "  Bright red walls . A gold-colored wall sconce with black candles . A Federal-style bull 's - eye mirror with an eagle perched on top . " "  It 's actually based off of the red room in ` Downton Abbey ' " a woman at the front desk told him . An interior designer from a company called  no joke  Euro Trash showed the reporter Schock 's private office . It 's another red room , " -LSB- t -RSB- his one with a drippy crystal chandelier , a table propped up by two eagles , a bust of Abraham Lincoln and massive arrangements of pheasant feathers , " he wrote . Schock 's decorator said the choice to imitate Downton Abbey 's ostentatious halls was made because the congressman is "  fresh-minded and forward-thinking . " Um , sure , for the 1870s maybe -- when the inequitable accumulations of the robber barons and the subsequent Great Depression were but a twinkle in our forward-thinking eyes . Now under some scrutiny for accepting the free services of the Euro Trash decorator  Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington asked the Office of Congressional Ethics to investigate  , Schock insists he 's never even seen "  Downton Abbey . " But he 's sure lived it -- if not in his brand spanking new aristocratic office than as a resident of the Republican Party . Here 's "  Schock-er " : Income inequality in the United States right now is worse than in post-Edwardian England , the era depicted in "  Downton Abbey . " The richest Americans today take home a higher share of our nation 's income than the aristocratic lords and ladies of 1920s England . What 's more , low-wage employees -- such as fast food restaurant workers and Walmart cashiers -- take home a smaller share of our nation 's income than the butlers and cooks did back then . That unequal reality is even more gaudy than Aaron Schock 's office . And it is without question the direct result of Republican policies . Tax cuts for the wealthy and the deregulation of business have ensured that the share of wealth enjoyed by big business and the top 1 % has continued to climb , even in the recession . In fact , the top 1 % suffered only one-third of the income loss during the recession but have basically reaped all the gains of the recovery . Meanwhile , despite overall economic growth and the growth of worker productivity , most Americans have seen their wages stagnate or even decline . The working poor in America today may have wireless telephones , automobiles and indoor privies , but they still very much live in basement of the U.S. economy . When the Republican Gov. Sam Brownback of Kansas cut taxes with a severity and speed never before attempted by any other state , he was actively cheered on by conservatives . His stated goal was to get the tax rate down to zero . The result ? The economy in Kansas plummeted . Job growth has failed to keep pace with the national level . Giant revenue gaps led to drastic cuts in public services such as schools . Credit rating agencies even cut the state 's previously stellar bond rating . And 100 Republican leaders in Kansas endorsed a Democratic candidate to replace Brownback as governor because , they said , Brownback 's tax and budget cuts had so severely hurt the state 's working class and middle class families . Narrowly re-elected , Brownback announced recently that he will now raise taxes in Kansas to fix the state economy . As if the failure of GOP anti-tax , anti-government economics had n't already been proved by the record wealth and corporate profits at the top juxtaposed against record numbers of poor people and low-wage workers relying on food stamps , Kansas should be seen as the final nail in the coffin . Wealth from the top does not "  trickle down " to the bottom to lessen inequality . It never has . It 's time for Republicans to do more than talk . It 's time they admit that their precious economic theories are actually the poison sickening our economy . Republicans in Congress might have a mini-PR scandal on their hands with the revelations about Schock 's office . But it 's the massive moral crisis that should be weighing on their shoulders , hearts and minds . Republicans need a new , populist economic theory that helps the majority of Americans and not just the elite 1 % . But to get there , they 'll need a fundamental shift of perspective and priorities to say the least . Maybe start with redecorating .	Sally Kohn : GOP Rep. Aaron Schock had his office decorated like "  Downton Abbey " She says it 's the perfect metaphor for GOP policies that have brought U.S. inequality historically worse than in the "  Abbey " era
A federal prosecutor is pushing back against the claim by the grieving family of Internet activist Aaron Swartz that "  prosecutorial overreach " was a factor in his suicide , saying her office acted "  fairly and responsibly . " News of the death of Swartz , 26 , last Friday sent shock waves through the hacker community , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the larger online world . His family and partner issued a statement saying that federal charges filed over allegations that he stole millions of online documents -- mostly scholarly papers -- from MIT through the university 's computer network contributed to Swartz 's decision to take his own life . But the U.S. attorney for Massachusetts , Carmen M. Ortiz , disputed their account of events in a statement released late Wednesday , while expressing her sympathy "  as a parent and a sister " for their loss . "  I know that there is little I can say to abate the anger felt by those who believe that this office 's prosecution of Mr. Swartz was unwarranted and somehow led to the tragic result of him taking his own life , " she said . "  I must , however , make clear that this office 's conduct was appropriate in bringing and handling this case . The career prosecutors handling this matter took on the difficult task of enforcing a law they had taken an oath to uphold , and did so reasonably . " Anger , soul searching follow death of Internet activist If convicted on the federal computer fraud charges he faced , Swartz could have been sentenced to 35 years in prison or a hefty fine . However , Ortiz said , prosecutors recognized there was no evidence Swartz had acted for personal gain , and considered that the harshest penalties available under the law were not appropriate for his alleged offenses . As a result , prosecutors told Swartz 's legal team they would recommend to the judge a sentence of six months in a low-security setting , she said . At the same time , Swartz 's defense was free to suggest to the judge that probation would be more appropriate , Ortiz said , and the final call would lay with the judge . "  At no time did this office ever seek -- or ever tell Mr. Swartz 's attorneys that it intended to seek -- maximum penalties under the law , " she concluded . "  As federal prosecutors , our mission includes protecting the use of computers and the Internet by enforcing the law as fairly and responsibly as possible . We strive to do our best to fulfill this mission every day . " Ortiz dropped the charges against Swartz on Monday , a day before his funeral in Highland Park , Illinois . The statement from Swartz 's family and partner had called his death "  the product of a criminal justice system rife with intimidation and prosecutorial overreach . " How Aaron Swartz helped build the Internet It also criticized U.S. prosecutors because they sought "  an exceptionally harsh array of charges  for  an alleged crime that had no victims , " and MIT because it did not "  stand up for Aaron . " "  Decisions made by officials in the Massachusetts U.S. attorney 's office and at MIT contributed to his death , " his loved ones said . Swartz 's suicide inspired a flurry of online tributes and mobilized Anonymous , the loosely defined collective of so-called "  hacktivists " who oppose attempts to limit Internet freedoms . They claimed credit late Sunday for defacing several MIT websites . A White House petition to "  Remove United States District Attorney Carmen Ortiz from office for overreach in the case of Aaron Swartz " was set up Saturday . By Thursday , it had garnered more than 40,000 signatures . Swartz , widely regarded as a digital prodigy , helped develop social news site Reddit and RSS , the technology that allows websites to send updates to subscribers , at a young age . On leaving Reddit , he engaged in Internet digital activism , co-founding Demand Progress , a political action group that campaigns against Internet censorship . But he pushed the legal limits , allegedly putting him on the wrong side of the law . In 2011 , he was arrested in Boston and accused of computer fraud and illegally obtaining documents from protected computers . He was later indicted in an incident in which he allegedly stole millions of online documents from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . He pleaded not guilty in September , according to MIT 's The Tech newspaper . He had previously been investigated by the FBI after he released millions of U.S. federal court documents online . The alleged hacking was significant because the documents came from the government-run Public Access to Court Electronic Records , or PACER , which typically charges a fee , which in 2009 was 8 cents a page . Opinion : Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz	U.S. attorney for Massachusetts says prosecutors acted reasonably They sought only a six-month prison term for Aaron Swartz , she says Swartz 's family says federal charges were a factor in Swartz 's suicide The Internet prodigy and activist helped develop social news site Reddit and RSS
CNN  -- Hopes soared recently when the Nigerian government said it had reached a deal with the terrorist group Boko Haram to free more than 200 girls and young women still missing after a mass abduction in April . But with each passing day , it looks less and less likely that the girls will be freed . In fact , Boko Haram has kidnapped numerous other young people in at least two incidents that have happened since the Nigerian government reported a deal . Boko Haram kidnaps 30 in northeast Nigeria What 's going on ? Who and what is Boko Haram ? The name "  Boko Haram " translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The group has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south . The group was founded 12 years ago by charismatic cleric Mohammed Yusuf . Police killed him in 2009 in an incident captured on video and posted to the Internet . Boko Haram is now led by Abubakar Shekau . In recent years , its attacks have intensified in an apparent show of defiance amid the nation 's military onslaught . Its ambitions appear to have expanded to the destruction of the Nigerian government . The militant group has bombed schools , churches and mosques ; kidnapped women and children ; and assassinated politicians and religious leaders alike . What was agreed upon in the ceasefire deal ? Nigerian officials said on October 16 that President Goodluck Jonathan 's government had reached a ceasefire agreement with Boko Haram after a month of negotiations . But officials provided few details about the release . Doyin Okupe , a government spokesman , did not specify when the girls would be freed . He said not all would be let go at once , but a "  significant number " would be released soon . The Nigerian government had also consented to some demands by Boko Haram , but Okupe declined to provide details . Boko Haram has remained silent on the deal the government said it signed with the group in neighboring Chad last week . Nigerian officials have emphasized there is no set time line for release of the girls , which likely would happen on a piecemeal basis instead of all at once . So is there actually a deal ? David Cook , who studies jihad , wrote on October 18 that he had doubts about a deal going through . "  It remains to be seen whether this truce will actually materialize , whether it is merely an election ploy for Nigeria 's embattled President , Goodluck Jonathan , and most crucially whether it will bring about the release of numerous captives taken by Boko Haram during the past year , " he wrote in an analysis for CNN . "  While Boko Haram has suffered some reverses during the recent past , there is no indication that the group has suffered any mortal damage . The most plausible interpretation of the truce is that it is a bought one  probably in tandem with the Cameroonian release of captives  , and that Boko Haram is merely using it  assuming that it holds to the truce at all  as a respite in order to regroup . " In an article written for CNN the day after Nigeria announced the ceasefire , Brookings ' Richard Joseph wrote : "  This is a case when we will actually need to see the girls emerging from their six-month confinement before we can truly believe . " What has Boko Haram done since Nigeria announced the truce ? Boko Haram gunmen kidnapped at least 30 boys and girls from a village in northeast Nigeria during the weekend . Last week Boko Haram militia kidnapped 60 women and girls in two Christian villages in neighboring Adamawa state , according to residents and community leaders . The heavily armed fighters left 1,500 naira , or about $ 9 , and kola nuts as a bride price for each of the women abducted Saturday , suggesting that they would be taken as sex slaves , residents told CNN . Then on Friday and Saturday , heavily armed Boko Haram gunmen invaded the town of Mafa in Borno state and seized 30 boys and girls , local leaders said . "  They took them away to their base in the bush , and we believe they are going to use them as foot soldiers , " Mafa local government chairman Shettima Maina said . Mallam Ashiekh Mustapha , the local chief of Mafa who confirmed the abductions , said the kidnappers also stole 300 cows from the farming community in the raid . The Nigerian government has said Boko Haram has denied involvement in the kidnappings , but the group has issued no public statement on the issue . Are Boko Haram and Nigeria 's government really interested in peace ? Richard Joseph argues that "  the campaign for the Nigerian presidency has effectively merged with the campaign to defeat Boko Haram . " "  If the government is successful in brokering a lasting ceasefire with Boko Haram and bringing home these girls , Goodluck Jonathan would undoubtedly get a significant boost in his reelection efforts . " In July last year , Professor of African History and Peace Studies at the University of Ibadan Isaac Olawale Albert wrote an opinion piece for CNN in which he argued that Boko Haram had no reason to pursue peace . "  Leader Abubakar Shekau and some of the group 's other senior members have nothing to gain from any permanent peace -- especially as the international community has already cast them in the mold of former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . As they await eventual capture , they will not mind causing more trouble , " Albert said . Director of the Royal African Society Richard Dowden noted in May that President Jonathan had not commented on the schoolgirls ' abduction for two weeks after the incident . The reason , Dowden argued , was that the problems of the northeast region did not matter to his government as there was no incentive to develop the region . "  It produces nothing and will not vote for President Jonathan , " he wrote . Why did Boko Haram abduct the girls ? Shehu Sani , a human rights activist in northern Nigeria who has previously been involved in mediating with Boko Haram , told CNN in May that the mass April abduction and other recent attacks were messages to the Nigerian government that the recent arrest of Boko Haram followers in Islamic schools will be avenged . In 2012 , Shekau 's wife and three children were reportedly taken into military custody . Sani said he believed Boko Haram targeted the girls to force concessions from the Nigerian government -- beginning perhaps with the release of Boko Haram followers from prisons . "  The fact Shekau said he would sell the girls and did not say he would kill them is a clear indication that negotiation is possible , " he said . But at least some of them may be traded for ransom money . Boko Haram has begun trading hostages for cash -- most notably in the case of a French family kidnapped in northern Cameroon last year and reportedly freed for some $ 3 million . The international outrage sparked by the abduction also serves Shekau . "  It has put pressure on the government to reach out to him , " Sani said Has Boko Haram negotiated before ? Shekau is not beyond negotiating with the Nigerian government , despite his apocalyptic rhetoric and frequent denials of President Goodluck Jonathan 's legitimacy . According to the International Crisis Group , negotiations in Ivory Coast a year ago were on the verge of producing "  an apparent peace agreement that was to begin with a ceasefire . " Then Shekau was designated a terrorist by the U.S. State Department and abandoned the talks . What are the chances of the girls ' safe return ? Jacob Zenn , an expert on Boko Haram with the Jamestown Foundation , a Washington-based research and analysis firm , said in May that the mass kidnapping may have been part of an effort by Shekau to reinforce the loyalty of largely uneducated recruits by providing them with "  free servants or sex slaves . " "  Many will likely end up becoming mothers -- it 's a real horror and over the next years we 'll slowly hear the stories of girls few-by-few as they manage to make it out , " Zenn told CNN . "  Boko Haram has likely split up or sold the girls into many small groups , " and they can be used as human shields in the event of an attack , he said . However , if the ceasefire announcement is real , it would appear the girls are alive , leaving hope for the chance of their return .	Ceasefire between Nigeria and Boko Haram raised hopes for release of kidnapped girls Militants have continued their kidnappings even after the deal was reached Some experts doubt that the ceasefire will go through Others say negotiated release is still possible
CNN  -- NATO helicopters opened fire on a Pakistani checkpoint early Saturday , killing 26 soldiers , a provincial governor said . At least 14 soldiers were wounded in the attack in the Mohmand Agency area , said Syed Masood Kausar , governor of northwestern Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province . Mohmand Agency is one of seven districts of the volatile region bordering Afghanistan . "  It 's a huge incident ; the reaction is obvious , " he said at a news conference in Islamabad . The death toll could rise as many of the injuries are critical , military officials said . The officials did not want to be named because they are not allowed to talk to the media . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has called an emergency meeting of military services chiefs to formulate his country 's response , his spokesman said . The Defense Committee of the Cabinet will meet later Saturday . In a statement , Gilani said he "  strongly condemned the NATO/ISAF attack on the Pakistani " checkpoint . The matter is being taken up by the Foreign Ministry "  in the strongest possible terms " with NATO and the United States , the statement from his office said . NATO 's commander in Afghanistan said he is committed to a thorough investigation . "  This incident has my highest personal attention and my commitment to thoroughly investigate it to determine the facts , " Marine Gen. John R. Allen said Saturday . He also offered his "  sincere and personal heartfelt condolences " to the families of any Pakistan Security Forces members killed or injured . U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan , Cameron Munter , said : "  I regret the loss of life of any Pakistani servicemen , and pledge that the United States will work closely with Pakistan to investigate this incident . " The incident on Pakistani soil is likely to damage already strained relations between Pakistan and the United States . Pakistan closed both NATO 's supply routes into Afghanistan Saturday in response to the attack , Pakistani military and intelligence officials said . NATO trucks use the routes , in Khyber Agency and Balochistan , to supply U.S. and international forces fighting in Afghanistan . About 50 containers and trucks carrying supplies for NATO were stopped at the town of Jamrud in Khyber Agency on Saturday morning , said Jamil Khan , a senior government official in Khyber Agency , bordering Afghanistan . They were ordered to turn back toward Peshawar , the provincial capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , he said . A second route from Pakistan into Afghanistan , the Chaman border crossing in Balochistan province , was open to NATO supply trucks earlier Saturday but was then shut in the afternoon , the military and intelligence officials said . Roughly 40 % of nonlethal NATO supplies and fuel go through Pakistan , with hundreds of supply trucks using the two routes into Afghanistan . About 130,000 troops are deployed in Afghanistan with the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force , 90,000 of them American , according to NATO figures . Pakistani politicians responded angrily to the incident in Mohmand . Ahmed Khan Bahadur , a provincial lawmaker from the Awami National Party , the ruling party of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , told CNN that people had had enough . "  This is the time to be united as a nation and to punch NATO with a fist , " he said . "  NATO could never dare if we were united . " Former international cricketer turned politician Imran Khan , who heads the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf party , condemned the incident and said it was time for Pakistan to pull out of the U.S.-led "  war on terror . " If confirmed , the incident could be the deadliest for Pakistani soldiers involving NATO since a U.S. airstrike in June 2008 , which Pakistan said killed 11 of its forces who were cooperating with the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan . That airstrike , also in Mohmand Agency , prompted the government in Islamabad to summon the U.S. ambassador and lodge an official protest . NATO 's Allen met with the Pakistani Chief of Army Staff Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani on Thursday , the Pakistani military said . "  The visiting dignitary remained with him for some time and discussed measures concerning coordination , communication and procedures between Pakistan army , ISAF and Afghan army , aimed at enhancing border control on both sides , " a Pakistani military statement said . Meanwhile , a commander of Afghanistan 's eastern border police said an operation in the area bordering Mohmand Agency on Friday night killed 10 insurgents . "  Last night , there was an operation there inside Afghanistan , " he said . "  Pakistani and Afghan Taliban have got a broad presence there as there are forests and difficult terrain . That 's why there was an operation . " The military activity was in Afghanistan 's Kunar province , he said , adding he was unaware of any NATO attacks on the other side of the border . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Nasir Habib in Islamabad contributed to this report .	NEW : Pakistani politicians react angrily to the deaths Pakistan 's prime minister calls an emergency meeting of services chiefs Pakistan closed NATO supply routes across the border to Afghanistan The attack is likely to damage strained relations between Pakistan and the U.S.
CNN  -- What is it like to live in the tallest building in the world ? Well , if the elevators stop , not that great . Unplugged air conditioning and out-of-service elevators became a real threat for residents of the 160-story Burj Khalifa skyscraper in Dubai over the weekend . Emaar Properties , the Dubai developer that runs the tower , warned residents it would shut down building services during a dispute over unpaid fees . "  A circular has been issued to remind and urge residents to pay the service charges to ensure the seamless management of the common areas and other community amenities , " Emaar 's spokesperson told CNN . "  It was sent after repeated reminders to pay the pending service charges and following multiple attempts to get the attention of the defaulting home-owners , " the spokesperson said . Emaar says some of the residents have failed to pay their fees since 2012 -- and the developer followed through with its pledge restricting some services in the building on Sunday . Local newspaper The National reported that the developer has disabled residents ' access to communal areas . In the letter , Emaar cautioned residents that the access cards of those who fail to pay will be disabled and entry to the garage , gym , pool , and tennis courts would be denied . "  Home-owners who have paid service charges will continue to enjoy seamless access to all common area amenities , " Emaar said . Service charges are a contentious issue in Dubai with many tenants caught in the middle of disputes between their landlords , who often view the fees as too high , and the developers who run the buildings . The Real Estate Regulatory Agency in Dubai has been trying to enforce tougher regulations that would require developers and landlords to disclose service charges payments before renting their property out . There are 900 luxurious apartments spread across floors 12 to 108 in the Burj Khalifa skyscraper . While Emaar did not disclose the cost of rent in the tower , real estate agents offer one bedroom apartments in the building for around $ 55,000 per year -- paid in full , in advance . The service charges , which are at the center of the dispute , add another $ 25,000 to the annual bill .	Emaar Properties , which runs Dubai 's Burj Khalifa , threatens to suspend services It says some residents of the world 's tallest building failed to pay service charges A one-bed apartment in the 160-story tower is for rent at $ 55,000 per year
London  CNN  -- Germany has been at the very heart of the European Union since it began 60 years ago as a way of pooling coal and steel resources -- and of preventing future wars on a continent already devastated by brutal conflicts . But as the region 's strongest economy , it has borne the brunt of the cost of recent rescue deals , and the country 's troubled history has meant its insistence on unity is viewed with suspicion by some of its neighbors . So why is Germany still so willing to do all it can to protect the European Union ? And will anything shake its faith in the euro ? Why does Germany play such a key role in Europe ? Germany was one of the founding nations of the European Union , which was designed to ensure that the continent would never again be torn apart by war . Following World War II , Germany 's neighbors wanted to hobble any future attempts by the nation to remilitarize ; the French decided that the best way to do this was economically , rather than ideologically . "  France wanted to ` tame ' Germany , and so the new Europe was built around that Franco-German relationship , starting from a clean slate , " said Professor John Loughlin , of Cambridge University 's department of politics and international studies "  Germany was completely devastated after the war , and that meant it could begin again from scratch , build a new Germany , a new democratic nation , using economic growth as the basis for that democracy . "  European integration became a part of that , part of the rehabilitation of Germany as a nation among nations . " How has Germany 's economy performed over the years ? In the post-war years , West Germany enjoyed a massive boom , as the nation made the most of the support it was offered and the opportunities that came its way to recover from the devastation of WWII . "  The Marshall Plan money coming in helped , but Germany 's industriousness also played a big part , " said Loughlin . "  There is a very strong work ethic , and the country has a large population -- it all combined to allow Germany to re-emerge as a major power . " West Germany flourished in the 1950s , 60s and 70s -- the period of the so-called "  Wirtschaftswunder " -LSB- economic miracle -RSB- -- while other European nations , including France and Britain , struggled . But reunification with East Germany in 1990 following the fall of the Berlin Wall and the collapse of the Soviet Union dented the country 's fortunes . "  The reunification of Germany impoverished the country to a certain extent , " said Loughlin . "  The new Laender -LSB- regions -RSB- came in and resources had to be transferred from rich regions to poorer ones . " "  People forget that 10 to 15 years ago , Germany was going through a crisis like those affecting Italy and Spain now , " said Dr Alex Clarkson , of King 's College London 's department of German . "  Back then , it was Germany that was seen as ` the sick man of Europe . ' The government had overspent , and had to make fundamental economic reforms -- the system was close to paralysis . "  Of course in that case -- as in the case of Canada , South Korea and others -- they were able to reform at the right time , when the going was good . Spain and Greece have to make similar changes now , but of course there is no growth to carry their economies forward . " And how strong is it now ? Germany has long been the economic powerhouse of Europe , but the nation is not immune from the global financial crisis . It is the continent 's largest economy , but it also has a high rate of government debt , at 83.2 % of GDP , and higher unemployment -- at 7.1 % -- than many of its neighbors , according to 2010 figures . Much of Germany 's might comes from its strong manufacturing sector , which has meant that , unlike many of its neighbors , the country has not had to rely on the financial services industry or the property market , both of which have been badly hit by the global economic crisis . But experts warn that Germany , which relies heavily on trade with China , may be highly exposed to any future trouble in the Asian markets . And Dr Christoph Meyer , senior lecturer in European and international studies at King 's College London , said despite its success so far , the German economy was not bulletproof . "  There is a lot of uncertainty out there , because the world is facing a wider recession , and in that case , who will buy German products ? " Is Germany propping up the euro ? "  The short answer to that is yes , " says Meyer . "  If Germany was not there as the anchor , offering stability , and with its economic weight -- as one of the world 's most successful economies -- behind it , we would not still be talking about resolving the crisis -- it would be over already . "  But that does n't mean Germany can do it alone . " Chancellor Angela Merkel has insisted even those outside the eurozone must do their bit to resolve the crisis . What do ordinary Germans think of the crisis ? Experts say it is inevitable that there is a degree of resentment on the part of German citizens , when faced with the responsibility of clearing up another neighbor 's mess . "  Most ordinary Germans are quite unhappy with having to bail out the southern European countries , they are n't happy at having to give them their money , " said Meyer . "  But then most West Germans were n't happy about giving money to East Germans after reunification either . " He added that while the crisis had initially hit Merkel 's popularity among voters , her approval ratings had risen in recent months . How do other nations view Germany 's actions ? The eurozone crisis has provided plenty of fodder for eurosceptic media and politicians across the continent , with many press reports feeding off old tensions and rivalries . Loughlin said claims in anti-German sections of the media in Britain and elsewhere that the country is "  trying to take over Europe " were used by politicians to boost their standing at home , but could do real damage to international relations . "  It is a delicate situation , because there is a real risk of inflaming old passions and resentments , " he said . "  Those knee-jerk reactions can have major impacts -- we need statespeople , not mere politicians , who can rise above it . "  The idea that German history is repeating , that there is some plot to take over Europe , is ludicrous . "  It comes down to how different countries view the European project -- whether they see it as a market , like the British , the Swedes , the Danes ; or whether they see it as a grand political project to create a new political system , like the Germans . "  Everyone is suspicious of each other , and that undermines any plan for greater integration . " Clarkson said Germany was in a Catch-22 situation . "  The Americans , and others , demand that Germany takes action , but when they do , they are accused of trying to take over -- it is the curse of power . " Is there a danger the eurozone crisis could derail Germany 's economy ? "  Germany has had a ` good recession ' until now , " said Meyer . "  It has benefited from the crisis so far , but now even Germany is having difficulty selling bonds . "  The question is , at what point does the pain start for Germany ? It is not hitting people 's pay packets at the moment . "  But it is inevitable that the German economy will be hit . There will be costs , be they the massive costs of a disorderly breakup of the eurozone and a move to some other currency , or the -- still large -- costs of the bailout . "  There will be substantial costs , both short term and long term , to allow the peripheral countries of the eurozone to catch up , and when those come through there will be a growth of euroscepticism in Germany . " Why are Germany 's leaders so committed to the euro , and how far will they go to protect it ? Experts say Germany is committed to the euro , and prepared to go to great lengths to protect it . "  Germany found it very difficult to give up the Deutschmark -- it was a symbol of the country 's recovery , and giving that up to join the euro was a big sacrifice , " said Loughlin . But there are limits to the country 's patience . "  It depends on the behavior of the other European partners , " said Meyer . "  Germany is doing as much as it can , but the other nations have to be reasonable , Germany ca n't help ` at any price . ' "  The other countries need to be ready and willing to address their problems , to make changes -- Merkel ca n't keep writing blank checks if the conditions are n't being met . "  No-one wants to pour water into a leaking bucket forever . "	Germany has been at the very heart of the European Union since it began 60 years ago As region 's strongest economy , it has borne the brunt of the cost of recent rescue deals Deutschmark was seen as symbol of Germany 's post-WWII recovery , move to euro a major sacrifice Germany keen to protect euro , but "  no-one wants to pour water into a leaking bucket forever "
Health.com  -- Your idea of a good time after a bad day is a scoop of dulce de leche ice cream piled high atop a fudge brownie . You are n't eating it because you 're hungry , and you certainly are n't trying to get your recommended daily allowance of calcium . Nope , you 're digging in because each creamy mouthful makes you feel inexplicably happy . Is that really so bad ? Surprisingly , emotional eating does n't have to be a problem , says Michelle May , M.D. , author of "  Eat What You Love , Love What You Eat . " "  Trying to talk yourself out of getting a mood boost from food only sets you up for a bigger overeating problem -- like bingeing , " she says . You can comfort yourself with food and stay thin with these simple ground rules . Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Why we snack our way happy "  We 're hardwired to eat for emotional reasons , " May says . "  From the moment you 're born and your mother holds you close to feed you , there 's an emotional connection between being fed and being loved . That 's why it 's counterproductive to say to people , ` Just do n't do it . ' " The treats we crave most are packed with powerful natural chemicals that bring on pleasure . Chocolate , for example , contains serotonin and another happy-making neurotransmitter , anandamide . And once that double-fudge brownie makes its way to your stomach , your body responds with a rush of endorphins , giving you a kind of snacker 's high . Health.com : How to make chocolate a healthy indulgence Tip 1 : Emo-eat only what you love Before you crack open the Ben & Jerry 's , though , do what May calls the "  Four-Really Test " : Ask yourself if you really , really , really , really want it . "  That will help keep you from grabbing whatever is in front of you , " she says . "  Reach for something you do n't really want , and you 're likely to eat more of it because it is n't satisfying . " That 's the danger of answering a craving with a lighter version of what you want or with something else altogether . Not only does it defeat the purpose of giving yourself a gooey treat -- with the bonus of taking you back to a happy time in a way that only food can -- but it sets you up for a pig-out . "  If I 'm not hungry , but I need a little pleasure in my life , is n't it ridiculous to eat a rice cake ? " May asks . "  Not only do I not need that fuel , but it 's not even going to give me the pleasure . " At all . Health.com : Boost your mood with these foods Tip 2 : Make it blow your mind Step away from that laptop , TV , or iPad , so you can focus fully on the treat you want to eat . Here 's why : If you do n't take a moment to enjoy everything about it , "  then the real reason you 're eating it wo n't be served , " May explains , and you 'll be more likely to give in to other high-calorie foods -- not to mention more of them . Tip 3 : Do n't eat it on an empty stomach Even if what you 're dying for is a slice of carrot cake , play the part of your mother and tell yourself , Not till you 've finished your dinner . "  If you 've had a good meal with protein , vegetables , and a healthy fat , your dessert has a better chance of being emotionally satisfying , " says Julia Ross , director of the Recovery System Clinic in Mill Valley , California , and author of "  The Diet Cure . " "  But a lot of women skip meals to save calories and go straight to dessert , so their blood sugar spikes , then crashes , and they end up going back for seconds and thirds . Over time they are n't saving calories . " Going back for another and another also puts you scary-close to emotional eating 's danger zone : overeating . "  There 's no harm in meeting any need with food -- unless it becomes chronic or extreme , " Ross says . Health.com : Eat  yes , eat !  to lose weight Tip 4 : Bag the guilt It 'll strip the pleasure right out of your splurge . "  Nobody should feel guilty if they use food to celebrate or feel comfort , " Ross says . Besides , hating yourself for loving that chocolate shake will only make you need another  high-calorie  mood boost . It comes down to this : When you eat to feel good , let yourself feel good . Then move on . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Ask yourself if you really , really , really , really want it Step away from that TV , or iPad , so you can focus fully on the treat you want to eat When you eat to feel good , let yourself feel good . Then move on
CNN  As a guy with a Fred Flintstone physique , competing on the same runway with a Miss Universe contestant was never on my bucket list . Yet , there I was , alone with the stunning Miss Ghana 2014 , as we eyeballed each other 's outfits head to toe . Abena Akuaba Appiah , who will battle for the planet 's most prestigious tiara this weekend at the 63rd annual Miss Universe Pageant , was wearing a form-fitting ivory mini dress with black leather go-go boots . I was wearing a sleeveless purple satin V-neck dress with neon yellow Reeboks . "  I like your dress , " she said , without the slightest trace of irony . Pretending to be used to such compliments , I replied , "  Right back at ya ! " before awkwardly turning the conversation to Ghana 's geography , of which I knew nothing .  Note to self : The next time I hang out with Miss Ghana , remember that her home city of Accra is the capital . The "  runway " we shared last fall was one mile of pavement along the Hudson River in Hoboken , New Jersey . We were fellow participants in the "  Runaway Bridesmaids " charity race for Airline Ambassadors International , an organization that trains airport employees to spot and report human trafficking . Dozens of women and men stampeded in formal gowns and party dresses for the fundraiser , prompting Ms. Appiah to switch out her high-heeled boots for sneakers . Before the race , as Miss Ghana 's bodyguard snapped pics of us with her mobile phone , I imagined what she might be texting her friends and family back home : "  Dear Mom and Dad : If this contestant in the purple dress is a preview of my competition , this pageant will be a breeze ! " Her real Instagram feed was much kinder , praising me and another male bridesmaid for our "  courage . " For the same reasons I love the "  It 's a Small World " ride at Disney , I always look forward to watching the Miss Universe contest . It 's a kitschy , utopian universe where countries are supposed to set aside their petty rivalries and hatreds and pretend to be BFFs . Critics can dismiss it as a sexualized hybrid of the United Nations and the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit issue . But for the three hours the contestants stand on stage , it does n't matter how big their country 's army is , the size of the nation 's gross national product , or whether it has nuclear weapons . It 's fascinating to see if that façade can even last three hours . This week Miss Lebanon Saly Greige weathered a PR crisis at home for posing in a selfie taken by Miss Israel Doron Matalon along with Miss Slovenia and Miss Japan . It is against Lebanese law to make contact with Israelis . Although she is smiling in the picture , Miss Lebanon accused Miss Israel of "  photobombing " her , and it 's understandable why she 's running scared . In 1993 , Miss Lebanon Ghada Turk was stripped of her title when she posed with the then-Miss Israel . The Miss Universe Facebook page is filled with fun-spirited group pics like this : Random contestants frolicking on the beach , strutting on the golf course , hugging local children and taking Zumba dance classes . I kid you not , Miss Italy and Miss Turkey even had a "  roomie-pajama party " wearing matching socks !  Exclamation point is the pageant 's , not mine . What will happen if Miss Israel and Miss Lebanon both make the Top 5 on Sunday night ? How about Miss Russia and Miss Ukraine ? Will contestants from any of the former Soviet bloc countries -- Miss Poland , Miss Hungary , Miss Czech Republic -- give Miss Russia the stink eye ? Just like the Olympic Opening Ceremony , the Miss Universe pageant encourages people  on stage and at home  to momentarily be classy and see each other as individuals versus national or ethnic stereotypes . Not that any of the millions of viewers around the globe will be asking for a geography lesson , but the competition also forces people to wonder : "  So where exactly IS Trinidad and Tobago ? " and "  How cool is it to have an ampersand in your country 's name ? " Back to my personal competition with Miss Ghana , I surprised myself by crossing the finish line a few minutes ahead of her . For unknown reasons , she chose to walk  well , glide  through the race course and coolly acted as if winning were unimportant . However , Ms. Appiah could soundly defeat me in a burping contest . According to her official Miss Universe bio , Miss Ghana can burp "  more than 50 times in a row . " All those curves must do wonders for the acoustics . I 'll definitely be rooting for her to win it all . How could I not ? She liked my dress .	Darren Garnick : Miss Universe contest a kitschy , utopian event where nations put aside their rivalries and act like BFFFs He says dustup over Miss Lebanon selfie with Miss Israel shows that spirit tricky to maintain
Vatican City  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI prayed for peace in Syria , reconciliation in Myanmar , and comfort in flood-stricken Thailand and the Philippines in his annual Christmas message "  To the City and the World " on Sunday . Addressing a packed St. Peter 's Square on a glorious sunny day , the pope pleaded with God to "  bring an end to the violence in Syria , where so much blood has already been shed . " More than 5,000 people have died in Syria since President Bashar al-Assad began a brutal crackdown in mid-March on anti-government protesters calling for his ouster , the United Nations said earlier this month . In his Christmas morning speech , Benedict also urged the international community to help those suffering hunger and insecurity in the Horn of Africa , a reference to famine and violence in Somalia and Kenya . The pope 's reference to the Philippines came as the death toll from flooding there last week topped 1,000 , with more than 1,000 more missing . He also prayed for peace and reconciliation between Israelis and Palestinians , and in Iraq , Afghanistan and South Sudan , and wished "  renewed vigor " to those striving for the common good across the Arab world after this year 's revolutions . The speech , called "  Urbi et Orbi " in Latin , came a day after the pope delivered a homily that focused on the "  essence " of the holiday rather than the "  commercial celebration " it has become . "  Today Christmas has become a commercial celebration , whose bright lights hide the mystery of God 's humility , which in turn calls us to humility and simplicity , " the pope said during Mass on Christmas Eve . "  Let us ask the Lord to help us see through the superficial glitter of this season , and to discover behind it the child in the stable in Bethlehem , so as to find true joy and true light . " The 84-year-old pope , presiding over his seventh Mass as pontiff , also conjured up an image of the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem , explaining that visitors must bend down to enter its low opening , drawing a tie to what followers of Christ must do to find their faith . "  If we want to find the God who appeared as a child , then we must dismount from the high horse of our ` enlightened ' reason , " he said . " ... In this spirit let us celebrate the liturgy of the holy night , let us strip away our fixation on what is material , on what can be measured and grasped . " The pope started off Saturday 's celebrations by lighting a peace candle in the window of his study during the unveiling of a larger-than-life Nativity scene in St. Peter 's Square . The scene , at 23 feet high and 82 feet wide , is dedicated to the Virgin Mary , according to the Vatican 's news agency . Thousands poured into the square and St. Peter 's Basilica ahead of the midnight Mass , which was actually held at 10 p.m. this year . Before his homily , the aging pontiff rode down St. Peter 's long aisle on a wheeled platform , waving to worshippers .	NEW : The pope urges the international community to help the hungry in Africa Benedict calls for an end to the violence in Syria after more than 5,000 are killed The faithful pack St. Peter 's Square on a glorious sunny day A Nativity scene is unveiled in St. Peter 's Square
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- The deaths of 26 victims in the latest wave of violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo might constitute war crimes , a United Nations spokesman said Saturday . A Congolese girl cries as she walks with her mother near Kibati on Friday . It is unclear who was responsible for the deaths in the village of Kiwanja or how many of the victims were civilians . But if some of the victims are found to be non-combatants , their deaths could be handled by a war crimes tribunal , said Madnodje Mounoubai , U.N. mission spokesman in Kinshasa . "  Some were combatants , and some were not , " he said . "  If it is determined that they were not just caught in the crossfire -- that they were pulled out of their homes or singled out for questioning and killed -- that would make it a war crime . " Mounoubai made the remarks one day after leaders at a regional summit called for an immediate cease-fire and the creation of humanitarian corridors in areas plagued by bloody attacks . Fighting broke out at the end of August between the Congolese army and rebel forces led by Gen. Laurent Nkunda . Despite a unilateral cease-fire declared by Nkunda last week , fighting has continued , and there are reports of heavy civilian casualties in recent days . Mounoubai also said that a U.N. team in Kiwanja had confirmed reports of 26 bodies in 11 graves in the village . Residents told the U.N. team that rebels killed the victims amid accusations that they collaborated with government troops , Mounoubai said . In a communique released at the end of Friday 's African Union-hosted summit , regional leaders asked for a strengthening of the mandate for peacekeeping forces in the country . There are 17,000 U.N. peacekeepers in Congo , the largest U.N. peacekeeping force in the world , but U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the forces have been "  stretched to the limit . " He said Friday that the recent violence , which the United Nations estimates has displaced 252,000 people , must be prevented from spilling into the wider region . "  Neither the DRC nor Rwanda nor the rest of the Central Africa region can afford to be dragged back into conflict . The international community can not allow this to occur , " Ban told the leaders . "  For far too long , peace and security in your region has been threatened by armed groups , domestic and foreign , present on the soil of the Democratic Republic of the Congo . They have been operating from there with impunity , aggravating strains between your countries and between your peoples . " The fighting has aggravated an already serious humanitarian crisis , the United Nations and aid groups say . Nkunda was not present at the summit . Congolese President Joseph Kabila and the presidents of Congo 's neighboring countries -- Paul Kagame of Rwanda , Jakaya Kikwete of Tanzania , and Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of Uganda -- were among the leaders there . Ban implored the leaders to use their influence in restoring stability to eastern Congo . "  As leaders of Africa , you have a historic responsibility . This is a critical moment for the Great Lakes region and for Africa as a whole . We must put the cycle of violence behind us , " he said . "  We must build a shared future of stability , peace , development and human rights for all citizens of your countries . " In particular , Ban said , they should urge Nkunda not to resume fighting , prevent him from getting support and urge him to pull back his rebels . Human Rights Watch reported Thursday that Nkunda 's rebel forces and the opposing government-backed Mai Mai militias deliberately killed civilians in Kiwanja , in North Kivu , on Tuesday and Wednesday in violation of Nkunda 's declared cease-fire . "  Eyewitnesses in Kiwanja told Human Rights Watch that at least 20 persons were killed and another 33 wounded during a battle for the town and in the cleanup operations by Nkunda 's forces that followed , " the group said in a written statement . Nkunda denied Thursday that his soldiers were involved in any civilian killings and said the Mai Mai were dressed in civilian clothing . "  These Mai Mai , these militia were in civil dress . ... We asked the civilian population to get behind the front lines . So , the population were behind the front line , " he said . "  We can not kill a civil population . " Human Rights Watch said U.N. peacekeepers in the area were unable to protect civilians . After the rebels re-established control of Kiwanja on Wednesday , Human Rights Watch said , they ordered all 30,000 residents of the town to leave . They then sought out and killed civilians , particularly men , whom they accused of supporting their enemies , the groups said . "  People in Kiwanja said they heard screams into the night and saw bodies on the streets the following morning , " Human Rights Watch said . One of those killed was a journalist working for a local radio station , the group said . Witnesses said Mai Mai militias targeted civilians in Kiwanja , including those they accused of supporting Nkunda 's forces , Human Rights Watch said . The conflict in Congo is complicated by outside forces and a variety of armed groups fighting both the government and each other . Some analysts say Rwanda is Nkunda 's principal supporter . Rwanda denies that . For several years , it has called for the disarming of Rwandan Hutu rebels , many of whom are in eastern Congo .	NEW : If civilians were killed , deaths may constitute war crimes , spokesman says U.N. chief : Rebels in east Congo pose "  poisonous consequences " for country Cease-fire in Congo unraveling in third straight day of fighting Battles between warlord Laurent Nkunda 's rebels and army spreading , U.N. says
CNN  -- The Emmy Awards will never be confused for the MTV Video Music Awards -- especially when they air on consecutive nights . It 's status quo versus cutting-edge cool . Even when Hollywood lets its hair down , it 's on the tame side . Still , host Seth Meyers did his best to liven up the proceedings . And the 66th Primetime Emmy Awards that aired Monday night did offer up some memorable moments . 1 . Seth and Billy 's crazy quiz Meyers teamed up with "  Billy on the Street star " Billy Eichner to dash around the streets of New York and bombard pedestrians with random pop culture questions . During a frenetic five minutes , the twosome tackled Emmy snubs , challenged people to name an Emmy nominee and generally terrorized unsuspecting New Yorkers . Then there 's the collection they took up for the cast of the "  Big Bang Theory . " "  Why is the Emmys not just @billyeichner doing that for three hours ? " tweeted actress Anna Kendrick . 2 . ` Weird Al " s plot parody parade Remember when TV theme songs meant something ? "  The Brady Bunch . " "  Gilligan 's Island . " You got a catchy tune and the plot , all in 30 seconds . Nobody does that anymore . Nobody , except "  Weird Al " Yankovic , who skewered everything from "  Mad Men " to "  Game of Thrones " in a medley with choice lines like , "  Jon Hamm 's never won an Emmy / Oh who cares ? He 's still Jon freaking Hamm . " 3 . Gwen 's ` Adele Dazeem ' moment Remember when John Travolta , for some inexplicable reason , mangled Idina Menzel 's name as ` Adele Dazeem ' ? Gwen Stefani had one of those while presenting the Emmy for Outstanding Variety/Music/Comedy Series to "  The Colbert Report . " Or , as she put it , "  The Colbort Report . " Fortunately , Maroon 5 's Adam Levine was there to quickly correct her . 4 . Crystal 's fond remembrance Your heart had to break for Billy Crystal , the sometimes Oscar host who delivered a heartfelt tribute to his buddy , Robin Williams . "  It is very hard to talk about him in the past because he was so present in our lives , " he said of the actor , who was found dead of an apparent suicide earlier this month . Crystal spoke fondly , touchingly for nearly five minutes . The night before , the VMAs paused to remember Williams ... for a mere 23 seconds . 5 . Bryan breaking bad with the Veep The gag that paid off big time last night was when "  Breaking Bad " star Bryan Cranston planted a long , wet one on Julia Louis-Dreyfus as she headed to the stage to accept her Emmy award . When the stars were presenting an earlier award , they had a running gag that Louis-Dreyfus could n't remember that Cranston was a guest star on "  Seinfeld , " and that the pair even made out on camera . Not to be brushed aside , Cranston blocked her as she walked toward the stage to accept her trophy for best actress in a comedy series for "  Veep . " He swept Louis-Dreyfus into a passionate embrace until Jimmy Fallon forced them to separate . "  Yeah , yeah , he was on ` Seinfeld , ' " she quipped , while the camera panned to Cranston wiping the lipstick off his lips . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Dorrine Mendoza contributed to this report .	"  Weird Al " parodies TV theme songs Gwen Stefani butchers "  The Colbert Report " Billy Crystal bids adieu to friend Robin Williams
CNN  -- The world of punditry is divided into two groups : those who attend the World Economic Forum at Davos and those who mock the World Economic Forum at Davos .  There 's a subgroup that both attends and mocks , but it 's tiny . Yet Davos is important , whether you attend or no .  I do n't .  And if Ian Bremmer is right , this year something genuinely encouraging may be happening at the grand global gathering of business leaders , politicians and big-thinking academics . "  As the world struggles to bolster its resilience against economic and political uncertainty , the key risk is the increasing vulnerability of elites . We 're seeing leaders of all kinds , in the developed and developing world , in politics as well as business and media , answering to constituents who grow more dissatisfied ... and information-rich . Look at the riots in India over the recent rape scandal , the U.S. Congress ' abysmal approval ratings or the phone hacking scandal at News Corp. . Corruption , special interests or a lack of transparency will spell trouble for leaders . " Bremmer , a brilliant analyst of the global economy , is a regular Davos participant . He 's recording his impressions of the 2013 conference in a diary for the Huffington Post . If he 's perceiving elite anxiety , one can only say : finally . "  What all the wise men promised has not happened , and what all the damned fools said would happen has come to pass . " So snarked Queen Victoria 's first prime minister , Lord Melbourne . He might have been talking about the euro . Or the securitization of the U.S. mortgage market . Or the British government 's attempt to restore prosperity through budget austerity . Or . Or . Or . Over the past decade and a half , we 've seen one horrendous economic decision after another made , not by voters in democracies , but by people who owed their power to their claims of superior knowledge . Together , they have plunged us into a decade and a half of disasters , culminating in a global financial crisis triggered by new credit instruments that were advertised as ending financial crises once and for all . Cameron at Davos : Focus on trade , taxes , transparency Yet by and large , these leaders have escaped public accountability or even criticism over the past six years of global crisis . The people who designed the euro continue to run the European Central Bank . The people who wrecked the American banking system walked away with multimillion-dollar severance packages . We all know that life 's not fair . But this unfair ? So it 's welcome news that the Davos attenders are suddenly feeling "  vulnerable . " They ought to . Elected leaders can at least be removed by the voters . Not so central bankers , financial regulators , and investment bankers , even though they can  and often do  exercise more power than any elected official . Global CEOs lack confidence in 2013 Bremmer appears to suggest that the correct response to elite vulnerability is more transparency . I do n't think that 's quite right . If banks and regulators were delivering good results , nobody would mind their opaqueness . It 's the bad results that drive the demand for transparency . But that 's not because we really want more transparency . What we really want is more competence and more success and success that benefits the many , rather than lavishly over-rewarding a privileged few even as they ruin everything and everyone around them . According to Bremmer , the theme of this year 's Davos conference is "  Resilient Dynamism . " It would have done better if it had adopted instead the theme , "  We Messed Up . " That would open the way to panels on "  Why We Messed Up " and "  How Not to Do it Again . " More cynical attendees might opt for practical discussions on topics like , "  How to Sound Contrite Even Though You 're Not a Bit Sorry . " It 's probably too much to expect the Davos gathering to feel any real remorse . But if they at least feel fear , that 's a promising start on the way to reform .	David Frum says reports are the elites attending Davos feel vulnerable He says that 's a good sign , given all the harm their decisions have done to the world economy Frum : Bad decisions by those with "  superior knowledge " have caused great harm Frum : He says people are looking to leaders , expecting them to make better decisions
CNN  -- Fifty days of fighting . Thousands of rocket attacks and airstrikes . And a number of failed cease-fire agreements . That all appeared to come to an end on Tuesday , when Israel and Hamas militants agreed to an open-ended truce -- and talks . Here 's what you need to know about the Egyptian-negotiated agreement that appears to have halted the fighting between Israelis and Hamas militants . Who gets what ? During the fighting , both sides have repeatedly made the same demands : Israel called for the demilitarization of Gaza , and Hamas called for an end to the Israeli and Egyptian blockade of Gaza -- by land , sea and air -- that began in 2007 . As part of the negotiated truce , Israel has agreed to "  ease " the blockade , opening border crossings to allow humanitarian aid and construction materials into Gaza , a senior Egyptian government official with knowledge of the agreement told CNN . As part of easing the blockade , Israel will also extend the fishing limit off the coast of Gaza to six miles , the official said . Both sides agree to return to Cairo for further , indirect talks -- as Israel and Hamas refuse to meet face to face . If the ceasefire holds , the two sides have agreed to begin talks four weeks from now on a broader range of issues , including the Israeli release of Palestinians -- primarily Hamas members -- arrested during the conflict and the construction of a seaport in Gaza , according to published reports in state-run media . The talks will also address Israel 's demand for the demilitarization of Gaza . Winner ? While Hamas spokesman Fawhi Barhoum declared before a cheering crowd in Gaza that the truce was "  a day of victories for our people , " there is little sign that either side got what it wanted . The agreement between Israel and the Palestinians broke no new ground . In fact , the truce -- by all accounts -- looks a lot like one agreed to in 2012 to end fighting between Israel and Hamas militants . In that agreement , Israel agreed to ease restrictions to allow for humanitarian aid and construction materials with an agreement to engage in talks aimed at easing economic hardships in Gaza . "  It 's very similar . There is some moderate easing of the blockade of Gaza as Hamas and most Palestinians really wanted . But the big easing has been pushed off to the future , " said Peter Beinart , a contributing editor for the National Journal and The Atlantic . "  And demilitarization of Gaza , which is what Israel said it really wanted , has also been kicked down the road into the future . " According to Beinart , who has long covered the Israeli-Palestinian conflict : "  After all this terrible , terrible bloodshed and trauma on both sides , it looks like we are back to where we were at the beginning . " What was the cost ? The cost can be measured in lives lost , but also in the economic and political fallout . More than 2,100 Palestinians were killed in the conflict . The United Nations estimates that more than 70 % were civilians . Sixty-seven Israelis -- 64 of them soldiers -- have been killed , the United Nations reports . A foreign worker in Israel was killed as well . The fighting displaced more than 500,000 Palestinians , according to the United Nations , and left thousands of homes damaged . It 's not exactly clear how much money the fighting cost both sides , but observers have put the number in the billions of dollars . Given the toll the conflict has taken , there is also likely to be some kind of political fallout . The popularity of Hamas has been on the decline since it took control of the Palestinian Parliament in 2006 . Given the length and toll of this conflict , there is a question of whether Palestinians will hold Hamas accountable for it . At the same time , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu 's popularity took a severe hit -- going from a high of 82 % to 38 % , according to The Times of Israel , which cited a poll this week by Israel 's Channel 2 . What 's next ? That depends on who 's doing the talking . If the ceasefire holds , and the negotiators go back to Cairo , the fact that Israel and Hamas do not talk to one another may prove problematic in trying to bring Israelis together with Palestinian factions . In any talks , Palestinians are likely to include a demand that Egypt lift its blockade of Gaza dating back to 2007 . Egypt , just like Israel , tightened restrictions on Gaza 's borders after Hamas won political control of Gaza from the Palestinian Authority . Who 's who in Hamas Egypt reclaims role as Arabs ' indispensable nation with Gaza talks CNN 's Reza Sayah in Cairo , Ben Wedeman in Jerusalem and Ian Lee in Gaza City contributed to this report .	There is little sign that either side in the conflict got what it wanted Israel agrees to ease the blockade , but not lift it , an official says Both sides agree to return to Cairo for further , indirect talks The truce looks a lot like the one both sides agreed to in 2012
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- You may have watched in wonder as Germany dismantled Brazil on Tuesday . But to really appreciate the art of German football you need to understand the lingo . The sport has its own vocabulary and , as is common in the German language , most new terms are created by simply lumping several words together to make a 15 or 20 character monster word that would be an entire sentence in many other languages . So here is our guide to help you become an expert while watching Sunday 's final . 1 . First , start strong in defense . You need a great goalkeeper or a TEUFELSKERL  Devil 's Man  . He needs to command the penalty area , be the first to corner kicks and block shots and penalty kicks . German history is rich with great goalies from Sepp Maier to Bodo Illgner and Oliver Kahn all the way to today 's man between the posts , Manuel Neuer . 2 . If your goalkeeper does not perform he is laughed off as a FLIEGENFÄNGER  fly catcher  . 3 . Moving on to your defense , which is always the core of a German team . This is the ABWEHRRIEGEL  defensive barrier  . 4 . Great defenders have to excel at the BLUTGRAETSCHE  blood tackle  to take out attacking opponents . Prototypical German defenders have names like Guido Buchwald and Jürgen Kohler from the 1990 World Cup squad , who struck fear into most opponents . 5 . There are also smaller more shifty defensive players who can not be shaken off by attackers that are called WADENBEISSER  calf-biters  , like Berti Vogts from the 1974 squad or Philip Lahm from today 's team . Vogts earned the nickname the Terrier , like a little dog who never stops snarling around its enemy . 6 . Think of the German midfield and you think of names like Lothar Mathäus , Michael Ballack , Stefan Effenberg or today 's squad which is laden with talent including Bastian Schweinsteiger , Sami Khedira , Mesut Oezil , Toni Kroos , and Mario Götze . Great midfielders who lead teams are known as MITTELFELDREGISSEURE  midfield directors  . 7 . These midfielders must also be able to deliver perfect BANANENFLANKEN  banana passes  , usually with the outside of their foot , setting the forwards free on goal . 8 . And talking of the forwards , their main job is to score goals . You want a striker on your team who is a TORJÄGER  goal hunter  . 9 . But in order to be a great TORJÄGER he has to have a great TORRIECHER  goal nose  , someone with the instinct to be in the right place at the right time . Germany is fortunate to have had two TORJÄGER with the same last name in Gerd Müller , who scored the decisive goal in the 1974 final against the Netherlands , and Thomas Müller of today 's squad who was the top scorer in the 2010 World Cup and has five so far in Brazil . Then there was the current U.S. coach Jürgen Klinsmann who made his mark in the 1990 World Cup . 10 . If your forwards and strikers have many chances but never seem to put the ball in the net , they will be dismissed as CHANCENTOD  death of chances  . Believe it or not , Germany has had its share of these . 11 . If you have your WADENBEISSER and TORRIECHER in your team , good for you . If not your team may be ridiculed as a GURKENTRUPPE  cucumber troop  . 12 . Or , even worse , a KARNEVALSVEREIN  carnival team  . Brazil perhaps . Ultimately , to be German you need to temper success with pessimism and criticism . After a 7-1 victory over Brazil you have to warn against complacency in the final and you must acknowledge the team still has weaknesses . People from other countries often can not understand this . It is why Americans were furious when Klinsmann said that the U.S. had no chance of winning the World Cup . He was not trying to be mean . He was just being German and guess what , he took team America further than most fans predicted . So here 's to German football strategy , team lingo and pessimism , seeing themselves as the underdog against Argentina even after winning 7-1 . Viel Spass beim Fussball !	Do you know your fly catcher from your banana pass ? German success in the World Cup is matched by its creative language But to be German , winning must be tempered with pessimism , says CNN 's Fred Pleitgen
CNN  -- Three men have come forward to say they were sexually abused by convicted former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky as early as the 1970s , sources close to the case told a Pennsylvania newspaper . Sandusky was convicted in June of sexually abusing 10 boys in cases dating back to the 1990s . Two sources with knowledge of the investigation said police are aware these men have come forward , and one has already contacted investigators , the Harrisburg Patriot-News reported Monday . Their allegations are the first to accuse Sandusky of molesting boys before the 1990s , when the cases prosecutors brought against him took place . If found credible , they would directly attack the 68-year-old 's defense argument that a person does n't become pedophile in his or her 50s . In the early 1970s , when one of the men says he was abused , Jerry Sandusky would have been in his late 20s . More storms looming for Penn State Sandusky could face hundreds of years behind bars at his sentencing on 45 counts in September . As his jury was deliberating , more accusers -- including his own adopted son -- raised allegations of abuse . The grand jury investigation that led to Sandusky 's November arrest is still meeting and could be hearing from more potential victims , but the Pennsylvania attorney general 's office has not said if more charges will be filed . Nils Frederiksen , a spokesman for the agency , said he could n't discuss "  any specific evidence " because of the grand jury probe . "  Court filings have indicated that new information has come forward and we 're continuing to pursue , but ca n't talk about specific evidence . " The woman who stood up to Joe Paterno Lt. Mark Argiro of the State College Police Department said that he is "  unaware of any investigations " of new allegations towards Sandusky , while Sandusky 's lawyer did not respond to a request for comment from CNN . It was not known whether the new accusers were contacted or interviewed by the team led by former FBI Director Louis Freeh , who delivered a scathing internal review of Penn State 's handling of the case last week . Freeh 's report does not mention any victims before the 1990s , and when asked Thursday whether he looked for anyone molested before that period , he simply responded , "  Yes . " He did not say what his investigators found . Penn State review recasts story of football hero Paterno CNN 's Julia Greenberg contributed to this report .	Three men say Sandusky molested them as early as the 1970s , sources say The claims are the first to emerge from before the 1990s Sandusky faces sentencing on child sex abuse charges in September
CNN  -- A 38-year-old skier died after being caught in an avalanche in Canada 's Glacier National Park , the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said . The skier and two companions were on a back-country trek Sunday near Revelstoke in British Columbia when the victim separated from his companions to test conditions at the base of a ridge , the RCMP said . An avalanche that the Canadian Avalanche Centre later ranked at 2.5 on its 1 to 5 scale of increasing severity and danger buried the lone skier . His friends were able to dig him out , and one stayed with the man to attempt CPR while the other skied for help , the RCMP said . When rescuers arrived at the scene , the victim was not responding and was declared dead at the scene , Canadian authorities said . The victim 's name had not been released Monday , but authorities said he was a resident of the area near the national park . In February : Skier dead in British Columbia avalanche CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	The avalanche was rated 2.5 on a 1 to 5 scale of severity and danger Two friends were able to dig the victim out , but he was declared dead at the scene The three were on a back-country trek near Revelstoke in British Columbia
South African Olympic runner Oscar Pistorius will face two additional gun-related charges when he goes on trial for murder next year , a spokesman for South Africa 's National Prosecuting Authority said . The charges will be heard alongside the murder charge when Pistorius ' trial begins in March , Nathi Mncube told CNN . Pistorius , nicknamed the "  Blade Runner " for the special prostheses he uses for sprinting , has admitted to shooting dead his model girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp , in his high-end home on Valentine 's Day . But he has said it was an accident . The gun-related charges are not new but have been moved from the South Gauteng jurisdiction where they were filed to the jurisdiction where the murder trial is being held , North Gauteng . Pistorius is accused of two separate instances of firing a gun in a public space . The National Prosecuting Authority decided to transfer them so that "  all charges against Pistorius can be heard at the same place at the same time in front of the same judge , " Mncube said . The state has indicted the track star on a premeditated murder charge and , if convicted , he faces a mandatory sentence of life in prison . Legal analysts in South Africa say they think the prosecution will seek to characterize Pistorius as a trigger-happy , irresponsible gun owner . However , this apparent strategy could backfire if the gun-related charges made it seem less likely that Pistorius shot Steenkamp deliberately , said Kelly Phelps , a CNN legal analyst and lecturer in the law faculty of the University of Cape Town . The alleged gun-related offenses , which will be prosecuted under South Africa 's Firearms Control Act , date back to before the death of Steenkamp , but were not previously acted on . The fact the National Prosecuting Authority is pursuing the charges now adds weight to the idea that prosecutors are seeking to create a negative "  character picture " of Pistorius , Phelps said . Pistorius , a double amputee , denies the murder charge and has said he mistook his girlfriend for a home invader when he fired shots from a pistol through a bathroom door that the 29-year-old was behind . A spokeswoman for Pistorius said this month that he 's hired an American forensic team to give expert testimony to cast doubt on evidence against him .	Oscar Pistorius will face two gun-related charges alongside a murder charge , prosecutors say He 's due to go on trial in March for the murder of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp The athlete already faced the gun charges , but they have now been moved to the same court Pistorius admits shooting Steenkamp in his home but says it was an accident
CNN  -- There once was a man named Norton who did n't know what to do with himself -- not just sometimes , but always . He slogged through school , then the University of Pennsylvania and pre-Beatles Liverpool on a scholarship . He shipped off to a foggy , wretched spot in Newfoundland in the Navy , and returned to a slightly less-wretched Brooklyn Heights basement . He became an architect -- the very same job his father and brother held -- and , feeling a bit burned out by 1960 , secured a grant to write a kids ' book about cities . But those old demons grabbed him , the ones that always seem to keep him from doing the things he should be doing , and Norton Juster began to write a story . His very first sentence : "  There once was a boy named Milo who did n't know what to do with himself -- not just sometimes , but always . " The sentence became a chapter , then pictures drawn by his friend and neighbor , cartoonist Jules Feiffer , and eventually , a book . The book became "  The Phantom Tollbooth " -- perhaps you 've read one of the 4 million copies printed during the last 51 years . In it , uninspired young Milo receives a mysterious tollbooth that takes him through the Kingdom of Wisdom  a city of sorts , with landmarks such as the Mountains of Ignorance , Foothills of Confusion and the Doldrums  to rescue the princesses Rhyme and Reason . Along the way , Milo learns a bit about language , friendship , learning itself , and those very same demons -- petty tasks , habit , insincerity , fear -- that Juster battled . So , after an architecture career , a smattering of other books and countless fan letters , Juster , at 82 , has at least done this : He can carry on a conversation with a 9-year-old . Short of writing a classic children 's novel yourself , try this . Stop trying It might 've been unlucky that Juster 's older brother was funny , athletic , handsome , whip-smart -- the undisputed "  hope of the family . " But for the younger Juster , it meant freedom to read encyclopedias , to absorb old Yiddish books , to lounge before Jack Armstrong stories on the radio , to invent with the architectural samples his dad brought home , to not like anything until he found what he loved . "  They gave me the greatest gift of all : They left me alone , ' " Juster said . "  There were no expectations hanging on my head so I had a good time browsing around in my own head and inventing my own world and that was the best kind of training I could have for whatever I did . " Be funny Juster 's father was a quiet man , never one to tell a bawdy joke . But he was a great spinner of puns , a master of wordplay , a man schooled by the Marx Brothers . " ` Ah-ha , I see you 're coming early since lately , ' " he 'd say . "  You used to be behind before , but now you 're first at last . ' " Young Norton would freeze , confused . Was this funny ? Should he laugh ? "  You 're a good kid , " his father would say , his hand around his son 's shoulder . "  I 'd like to see you get ahead . You need one . " "  After a while , he 'd pull one of these things on me , and I 'd say , ' I understand that , and I can do that , ' " Juster said . "  And boy is that empowerment , when you suddenly realize that language is yours to play with . " Do n't lie A kid has got to have mentors , Juster said . It 's why he gave Milo the kindly , talking timekeeper dog , Tock , and Humbug , the lazy , grouchy , mostly harmless ne'er - do-well . Whom Juster had was Uncle Bill -- a kindly ne'er - do-well , a Humbug-ish Tock . When young Norton wanted to play , Bill joined him . When the nephew ran away , the uncle was the one to fetch him . If you asked whether a visit to the dentist would hurt , Juster said , "  He would tell you ` Yes , ' why and for how long . That 's precious information for a kid . " Estimate higher "  The Phantom Tollbooth " could 've died in the hands of "  the powers that be , " Juster said -- book editors and experts who said it was too clever for kids , too loaded with puns and wit . Fantasy , some told him , would "  disorient the children . " "  Luckily , " Juster says , the book first landed in the hands of an editor who worked outside the realm of children 's publishing . They were able to get it published with the map Juster designed , the layout he imagined and the words he wrote . To kids , Juster believed , a new word was a great discovery , one of the few things they could control . "  If you think about it , there 's no such things as a difficult word , " Juster said . "  There 's just a word you have n't come across yet . " Listen and remember "  Children are children , and they 're still fighting the same battles , " Juster said . "  Those issues that I thought were my own personal issues , I now realize they 're the issues of every kid growing up . The basic things that control their lives -- their fears , their uncertainties , their resentments , everything like that , remain the same . "  For people who write and for people who work in an area where you have to break the mold in some way , you have to retain , I guess , a good piece of the way you thought as a child . I think if you lose all of that , that 's where the deadliness comes from . The idea of children looking at things differently is a precious thing . "  The most important thing you can do is notice . "	"  The Phantom Tollbooth " by Norton Juster celebrated 50 years in print last year Juster said the book has stayed relevant because the world changes , but children do n't Milo , the book 's main character , is really just Juster himself , the author said
Rolling Stone  -- After half a century of hits , addictions , mayhem and enough bad blood to flood the Thames , the Rolling Stones have gotten it together just in time to celebrate their latest anniversary onstage . "  To keep a band together this long , let alone a rock 'n' roll band , is probably unique in musical history , " says Keith Richards . "  After all , that 's what I was born for : to make musical history . " What the Stones have announced so far is not quite a tour : They 're playing four shows this year , on November 25th and 29th at London 's O2 arena , and on December 13th and 15th at the Prudential Center in Newark , New Jersey . But Richards doubts they 'll end there . "  My experience with the Rolling Stones , " he says , "  is that once the juggernaut starts rolling , it ai n't gon na stop . So without sort of saying definitely yes -- yeah . We ai n't doing all this for four gigs ! " Rare and Intimate Pictures of the Rolling Stones The Stones expect former guitarist Mick Taylor  who quit in 1974  and founding bassist Bill Wyman  gone since ' 93  to come on board for the four shows , but only as guests on a few songs . Richards emphasizes that longtime touring bassist Darryl Jones is n't going anywhere . "  Darryl does n't get enough recognition , " says Richards . "  He and Bill can talk about songs they want to step in and out of . " For the final show in Newark  to be broadcast live on pay-per-view  , more guests are likely to pop by -- Ron Wood drops names like Eric Clapton and Jeff Beck as possibilities . The band shrugs off grumbling about the $ 800-plus it 's charging for the best tickets . "  As Keith said , ` Sounds about right , ' " says Wood . "  I 'd pay it ! We already spent , like , a million on rehearsing , and we 're not even halfway through . And the stage is going to cost millions and millions . " The Stones also have a new career-spanning documentary , "  Crossfire Hurricane , " directed by Brett Morgen , that debuts on HBO on November 15th . In less than two hours , the film races through history from the band 's earliest shows at the Marquee Club to the arrival of Wood , keeping a relatively light tone throughout . "  I never wanted to make a nostalgic movie , " says Jagger . "  It 's got to be kind of irreverent . " One prerequisite for the Rolling Stones ' reunion was an apology from Richards to Jagger for the stream of insults the guitarist included in "  Life , " his bestselling 2011 memoir . "  He did apologize , to my face , " says Jagger quietly . "  So you have to put all that sort of stuff away . Water under the bridge , really . Hopefully , you know , we can carry on working . " Adds Richards , "  It was something to get out of the bloody way so we could get the band on the road . You know , I 'll say sorry to God if you like . I do n't give a shit . I said , ` Look forward , brother , look forward . ' If you was married to somebody for 50 years , you can have your little spats here and there , and we do n't mind having them in public occasionally . We ca n't get divorced -- we 're doing it for the kids ! " The Rolling Stones ' Album Guide : The Good , the Great and the ` Angie ' "  Doom and Gloom , " the newly recorded single from the band 's latest greatest-hits collection , "  GRRR ! , " sounds more or less like classic Stones , albeit with modern production tweaks . But that does n't mean that Jagger and Richards have revived their songwriting partnership quite yet . The song began as a demo that Jagger made on his own , and even the opening guitar riff turns out to be Jagger playing , not Richards . "  I do n't give a damn , " says Richards . "  He 'd never have learned how to play that without me teaching him how to do it . " Another factor in the long hiatus since the 2007 finale of the Bigger Bang tour was Wood 's struggle with alcohol addiction . He 's now in his third year of sobriety , and he expects to keep it up on the road , though previous tours were always a challenge . "  Looking back , " says Wood , "  there was always that secret vodka , like the one before I 'd go onstage . Which was never just one , anyway . " Richards is also drinking significantly less . "  I do n't get ridiculous , " he says . "  I like a glass of wine with my meal and everything , but I 've given up sort of waking up and having a drink , you know ? I gave up smack , I can give up anything . No big deal to me , I do it to impress other people . But if they come up with a great new drug , I 'll be the first one on it , believe me . " Richards argues that his substance use , or lack thereof , has little effect on his playing , but Wood disagrees . "  Keith is a pleasure to play with now , " Wood says . "  It was a pain on the last tour toward the end , because he was really going for it on the drinking and denial . But now he 's realized that he has got ta look after himself . " Since Richards is n't completely sober , Wood is inclined to keep an eye on him . "  I 'm not going to preach to him , " he says . "  I will step in if I see any danger . " The Stones seem genuinely excited about their recent rehearsals in Paris , which have included rarely played songs such as the Lennon-McCartney-penned "  I Wan na Be Your Man " and the Aftermath ballad "  Lady Jane . " "  Going in , one thinks , ` Oh , my Christ , I 'm a doddering old man , ' " says Richards . "  But it 's not true ! The payoff from the energy that 's been wound up over the five years is incredible . " For Jagger , performing with the Stones means living up to a reputation as an ageless physical marvel , which he insists is highly exaggerated . Rolling Stones Confirm 50th Anniversary Concerts "  Everyone 's human , " he says , "  and you ca n't really expect it to last forever . On the other hand , you try to keep yourself in shape . Obviously you ca n't do the same things -LSB- onstage -RSB- you did when you were 19 , so you have to do other things . There 's no miracles in life . " But he knows that fans expect him to somehow be an exception : "  It 's a bit of a burden , really , is n't it ? I better be OK , at least . " If anything , the physical burden is even harder on 71-year-old Charlie Watts , who has a masseuse on hand for his back after every rehearsal . "  It takes a heavy toll playing them drums , " says Wood , "  to make it look like he 's doing nothing , and to make it sound like those firecrackers going off . It all goes to his back , you know ? He suffers terribly . " The Stones are bracing themselves to be asked yet again if this could be the last time . But even if it was , they 'd never tell you . "  That 's not a card , in my opinion , that should be played , " says Jagger , who says he 'd like to record another Stones album eventually . "  I know lots of people do play that card , but it nearly always backfires on them . " It 's not lost on the Rolling Stones that they wo n't be alone on the road this winter , with so many of their peers -- Bob Dylan , the Who and Paul McCartney , to name a few -- also playing to huge audiences at this very late date . "  What can you say ? " Richards says . "  It 's a hell of a generation . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	For its upcoming fiftieth annivesary , the Rolling Stone have announced a not-quite-tour "  We ai n't doing all this for four gigs ! " says Keith Richards The band 's last of four shows , in Newark , will likely include a few famous guests
Washington  CNN  -- Two days after a Federal Aviation Administration official told contractors that steps were being taken to shut down 168 air traffic control towers on April 1 , the agency gave the towers an unexpected reprieve Friday , saying the official 's comments were "  unauthorized . " In a telephone conference call on Wednesday , an FAA official told contractors who operate the towers they would soon be receiving a letter giving notice that 168 towers would be closed on the first day of April because of government-wide spending cuts that were set in motion on Friday night . Another 16 towers would be closed on September 30 , the end of the fiscal year , the official said . But the news -- devastating to the three companies and hundreds of employees who staff the towers -- was short-lived . On Friday , the FAA arranged a second conference call , retracting without explanation the earlier call , according to Spencer Dickerson , head of the U.S. Control Tower Association . The contractors were told that the first call "  was not an authorized call , " Dickerson said . But Dickerson questioned that . The Wednesday conference call "  was n't just some coffee break conversation at the water cooler , " he said , saying it included FAA officials and representatives of all three contractors who operate FAA control towers in the United States . The move prolongs operation of the contract towers at least a couple of weeks , said Shane Cordes , head of Midwest ATC Service , who called the change "  good news . " "  It is my understanding that we will hear official news from the FAA in the coming days and coming weeks , and until such time we wo n't have any definitive guidance on whether or not our towers will face closure , " Cordes said . Said Dickerson , "  Quite frankly , I do n't think it changes the outcome . I think they 'll still be closing all these towers . It just may be on a different schedule . " While the FAA has said it may have to close more than 100 control towers , it has given few specifics . It has released a list of towers on a list of potential closings , targeting those with fewer than 150,000 aircraft operations  take-offs and landings  or 10,000 commercial operations a year . Tower closures would not necessarily result in airport closures , because some aircraft can land without ATC help , and those that need controller help can communicate with more distant FAA facilities . Contract controllers are a widely used but little-known part of the FAA 's air traffic control system . About 250 of the nation 's 374 towers are staffed by contactors , though they must meet FAA standards and are overseen by FAA managers . Restricted to lower-volume airports , contract towers nonetheless handle 28 percent of all domestic airport operations . A 2011 report by the Department of Transportation 's Office of Inspector General said contract towers cost on average $ 537,000 a year to operate , compared to $ 2 million for comparably busy FAA-staffed towers . The lower costs were chiefly due to lower staffing and salary levels at contract towers . Contract towers had an average of six controllers , while FAA towers had 16 . And a typical contract controller near Tampa received a base pay of $ 56,000 per year compared to a base pay ranging from $ 63,000 to $ 85,000 a year for an FAA controller in Sarasota , Florida , the study said . Dickerson said contract towers are carrying the brunt of the cuts , despite having comparable safety records and being more cost efficient . But the forced government spending cuts , known as sequestration , are also impacting FAA staff . Most of the agency 's 47,000 workers , including its 14,700 controllers , have been told to expect one - or two-furlough days every two-week pay period . And 49 FAA-staffed towers are on the list of those facing possible closure .	Series of calls held with contractors over the impact of budget cuts on control towers At issue are operations at 168 air traffic towers staffed by contractors Forced , government-wide budget cuts are expected to impact FAA services
CNN  -- A third consecutive unblemished round fired Korea 's Noh Seung-yul into the lead of the Zurich Classic in New Orleans on Saturday . The bogey-free feat means Noh is the first player to complete 54 holes at the TPC Louisiana course without dropping a shot . Noh 's third round score of 65 also helped him streak past overnight leader Ben Martin , who carded a 73 to slip four shots back and into a tie for fourth place . The Korean has been playing with yellow and affixed to his cap as a mark of respect to the victims of the fatal ferry accident in the waters off the south coast of his home country . Three consecutive birdies from 14 through 16 were the highlight of the round and ensured Noh would end the day leading Keegan Bradley , who now resides two shots back in second place on 16-under-par . Robert Streb is a further shot adrift in third after recording a third round score of 68 . Fourth-placed Martin had led the event over the first two days after knocking out a course-record 62 on Thursday but the 26-year-old American found the going much tougher after the cut . His sole birdie on Saturday came on the seventh hole . China Open Alexander Levy will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the China Open after a 2-under-par round of 70 in difficult conditions at the Genzon Golf Club in Shenzhen Saturday . The 23-year-old Frenchman built upon the course record 62 he shot on Friday and now sits three clear of second placed Alvaro Quiros of Spain . Play was made difficult for most of the day due to driving rain and strong winds . But a 15-foot par-putt at the last ensured Levy , who has never finished higher than third at a European Tour event , ended the day on 16-under . Elsewhere on the course , Finland 's Mikko Ilonen shot a round of 67 to move into third position on 12-under while England 's Tommy Fleetwood and Spain 's Adrian Otaegui lie a shot further back on 11-under-par . World number three Henrik Stenson , meanwhile , who could replace Tiger Woods at the top of the rankings with victory this week , is 12 shots back in 21st position after a third round of 71 .	Noh Seung-yul goes 54 holes without a bogey at Zurich Classic Korean is first golfer to achieve three consecutive unblemished rounds at TPC Louisiana course Noh overtakes overnight leader Ben Martin who slips into tie for fourth
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Nearly two dozen Americans -- most thought to work for the CIA -- were sentenced to five years in prison Wednesday by an Italian court for their role in the seizing of a suspected terrorist in Italy in 2003 , the prosecutor in the case told CNN . The Americans did not appear for trial and are not in custody , but the ruling could effectively make them international fugitives . The trial was the first to deal with a practice that human rights groups call "  extraordinary rendition . " They say the United States has often sent suspects to countries that practice torture . Washington acknowledges making secret "  rendition " transfers of terrorism suspects between countries but denies using torture or handing suspects over to countries that do . The case centered on the extraordinary rendition of a Muslim cleric , Osama Mustafa Hassan Nasr , or Abu Omar . He was seized on the streets of Milan , Italy , in 2003 , transferred to Egypt and tortured , he said . He was suspected of recruiting men to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan and was under heavy surveillance by Italy 's intelligence agency . Prosecutors said he was nabbed by a CIA team working with Italian intelligence officials . The verdict "  shows governments and institutions that the fight against terrorism has to be carried out in accordance with the law . There are no shortcuts , " Spataro told CNN . Those who were found guilty were ordered to pay Abu Omar 1 million euros  $ 1.48 million  and his wife 500,000 euros . A total of 22 Americans were each sentenced to five years in prison for their role in his abduction . Another -- Robert Seldon Lady , whom prosecutors said was the CIA station chief in Milan -- was sentenced to eight years in jail , prosecutor Armando Spataro told CNN . Cases were dismissed against three other Americans , including Jeff Castelli , the man assumed to be the CIA station chief in Rome at the time , because they had diplomatic immunity from prosecution . Spataro said he may appeal that ruling . Cases were also dismissed against the former head of Italy 's intelligence service and his deputy because of state secrecy provisions . Two other Italians were sentenced to three years in jail for aiding the plot . Sabrina De Sousa , one of the American defendants , was "  saddened , angered and dismayed " by the ruling , her lawyer told CNN . She felt the U.S. government had "  stabbed her in the back , " Mark Zaid said . "  We understand why the Italians did what they did . They were following their laws . But at the end of the day , representatives of our United States government abroad were let down and left alone by their own government . " De Sousa , a career diplomat , is suing the State Department over the case , Zaid confirmed . She has never said she worked for the CIA . CIA spokesman George Little said Wednesday : "  The CIA has not commented on any of the allegations surrounding Abu Omar . " But U.S. officials confirmed to CNN when the case first broke that the CIA was involved in the rendition of Abu Omar from Italy to Egypt . The officials never disclosed the number of Americans involved or their names . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell responded to the verdict as it applied to an Air Force officer , Lt. Col. Joseph Romano III , who was among the Americans sentenced . The Pentagon had asserted jurisdiction over the incident under the NATO Status of Forces Agreement , a position that the Italian minister of justice supported , Morrell said . "  We are clearly disappointed by the court 's ruling , " Morrell said . "  Our view is that the Italian court has no jurisdiction over Lt. Col. Romano and should have immediately dismissed the charges . " The American Civil Liberties Union , a persistent critic of Washington 's extraordinary rendition program , demanded the United States match Italy 's actions . "  The decision in Italy underscores the need for the United States to hold its own officials accountable for crimes committed under the ` extraordinary rendition ' program . It is shameful that the first convictions of this kind came from a foreign justice system , where those convicted are not likely to serve their time , " said Steven Watt , staff attorney for the ACLU Human Rights Program . Italian authorities originally indicted 26 Americans and five Italians in 2007 for kidnapping in the matter . The Italians included the former head of Italian intelligence , Nicolo Pollari , and one of his deputies . They testified in preliminary hearings that Italian intelligence played no role in the alleged abduction . None of the Americans is in custody in Italy and the Italian government did not ask for their extradition ; they were tried in absentia . Former CIA analyst Michael Scheuer told CNN in the past that the Italian military secret service had approved the operation involving Hassan , and CIA sources who refused to be named told CNN in 2005 that the agency had briefed and sought approval from its Italian counterpart for such an abduction . The Italian government of the day -- which was led by Silvio Berlusconi -- vigorously denied having authorized Hassan 's kidnapping , which it called illegal . Berlusconi has since returned to power . CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome ; Paula Newton in London , England ; and Pam Benson and Jim Barnett in Washington contributed to this report .	Suspected U.S. CIA agents ordered jailed for seizing of suspected terrorist in Milan Americans are not in custody , but ruling could make them international fugitives Case centered on "  extraordinary rendition " of Muslim cleric , who says he was tortured in Egypt
CNN  Would you dare to freeze yourself fit by stepping into a chilling chamber colder than Antarctica ? Golfers are used to frosty fairways , stormy tees and soggy greens but Padraig Harrington is taking the plunge with a real deep freeze . Ireland 's three-time major winner is following in the chilling footsteps of actor Daniel Craig and super-fit soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo by exposing himself to cryotherapy in preparation for the 2015 season . "  I 've used whole body cryotherapy for several years , " Harrington commented to CNN . "  Guided by research from Setanta College , it 's played a key part in my recovery , especially between competitive periods . " Cryotherapy translates as cold cure -- but for some the intense chill goes beyond words . "  The cold floods your brain and you ca n't process much more than putting one foot in front of another , " Mike Moynihan , a columnist for the Irish Examiner , recalls of his experience in the chiller . "  Your body is in revolt and wo n't allow you to relax . It 's so different , to be that cold , that I had a real notion of what people mean when they refer to a hostile environment -- but that only came afterwards , when I was outside . " Chill with a thrill For others , cryotherapy is an ecstatic chill with a thrill . "  I call it ` legal doping , ' says Eduardo Bohorquez , who runs New York 's only cryotherapy center . "  When you come out you feel so euphoric . " Those brave enough to enter the cryotherapy chamber expose themselves to tingling temperatures of -130 degrees Celsius or -200 Fahrenheit . That makes Antarctica -- where NASA recorded the coldest spot on earth as -92 degrees Celsius at the end of December 2013 -- officially warmer . There are two types of cryotherapy treatments -- whole body and partial exposure -- but both involve serious sub-zero temperatures . "  It 's not like sticking your hand in an ice bucket or taking an ice bath -- this is extreme cold , " Liam Hennessy , Harrington 's fitness coach and a world leading expert in cryotherapy , tells CNN . "  Whole body exposure is like stepping into a butcher 's fridge . Partial exposure is more like entering a suntan cabin where the top of the head stays out of the cold . "  Padraig loves the challenge of taking whole body cryotherapy . He 's a heavy worker . "  He has a huge practice and training regime . Part and parcel of the recovery process for him is cryotherapy . " The drafty drill sees Ireland 's double British Open champion enter a TARDIS like chamber , which is cooled by liquid nitrogen to temperatures between -120 and -140 degrees Celsius . He will then experience what 's known as a "  short exposure " which lasts for two to three minutes . Cryotherapy was developed in 1978 by Toshima Yamauchi in Japan but is a relatively new treatment in professional sports medicine . The Olympic Sports Center in the Polish village of Spala helped the treatment spread west . Hennessy , in his role as director of fitness for the Irish Rugby Football Union , immersed his squad of international players in Spala 's cryotherapy chamber in 2001 . The respected Irish coach claims they were the first sports team in the world to formally use the facilities . Hennessy imported cryotherapy to Ireland and watched the freeze become a fashion . "  It 's now taken off big time in Wales , England and France and Germany , " he adds . "  The U.S. had no treatment centers in 2006 but now there are a couple of hundred . " But what are the effects of the big chill ? Cryotherapy has two main benefits for maxed out sporting stars -- helping speed up the body 's recovery after intense training and promoting a deeper sleep . "  Part of our investigations included taking serum and blood tests to monitor enzymes related to muscle damage , " explains Hennessy , who ran a research program into cryotherapy . "  What we saw is that they returned to normal when players took part in cryotherapy compared to when they did n't . It improved the inflammatory response , which led to a better recovery . "  We 've also seen heart rate variability -- which is a marker of stress -- returned to the baseline quicker if the athlete is exposed to cryotherapy . "  We noticed that sleep quality is also improved straight away by an exposure to cryotherapy . "  Individual athletes would report , ' I just had a good , deep sleep and I feel very good . ' It 's also possible to get a quality of sleep number by attaching a monitor to the wrist . " In a four-year study of 156 rugby players , 95 % said cryotherapy had a positive effect on their recovery after training . "  Many of those that take it will tell you afterwards that they feel elated , they feel a rush of energy and a high as happy hormones are released , " adds Hennessey . Mobile freezer Traditional cryotherapy chambers , with three rooms of gradually dropping temperatures , are an expensive and unwieldy piece kit -- not the sort of thing you can pack on the team bus . But cryotherapy has now gone mobile which means sports stars can order a deep freeze almost as easily as a hot takeaway . "  Having the unit on the road and available on a rental basis is opening cryotherapy up to an awful lot more people , " Ian Bridge , managing director of cryotherapy consultants Sappari , tells CNN . In 2013 , Bridge conceived the first mobile full body cryotherapy unit in the UK , which is owned and operated by medical and industrial gases specialist BOC . His clients include Premier League teams Bolton Wanderers and West Ham United as well as rugby union clubs such as Bath and Northampton . "  You can get a whole squad through the mobile unit in a day , " Bridge explains "  The British Lions rugby players used it before their tour of Australia last year and did three treatments a day . "  They were dragging the guys out of bed before breakfast sticking them through cryo , they 'd do some gym work in the morning , then go in for another session before lunch , do some work on the pitch and then another treatment at the end of the day . "  The mobile unit is predominantly used to stimulate a quicker recovery after training or games . " It costs up to $ 1,500 to hire the six-meter long unit for a day in the deep freeze . "  We find our bookings come in around the Champions League fixtures , " says Bridge . "  It was in heavy use over the Christmas period because there was such a heavy football program . " Cryotherapy is not only the domain of fatigued footballers , its frosty fingers are also spreading to the high street . Legal doping The KryoLife center offers New Yorkers either a blast in its so-called "  cryosauna " or a local treatment -- increasingly used as part of a beauty regime to firm up skin -- where vaporized liquid nitrogen is blown over a specific part of the body . "  It is a growing industry , " chairman Bohorquez , who brought cryotherapy to New York after receiving revelatory treatment in Poland on his injured right knee , tells CNN . "  There are a lot of famous people in the entertainment industry -- like actors Kevin Bacon and Ben Stiller -- and from the athletic world who use our center , so that has increased cryotherapy 's popularity . "  Professional sports teams like the New York Knicks have a couple of machines which has also helped awareness . " You do n't necessarily need a Hollywood salary to try cryotherapy -- it 's probably cheaper than courtside Knicks tickets too -- because an icy blast in KryoLife 's cryosauna costs $ 90 . If the price continues to drop , along with the temperatures , is there a chance that cryotherapy will become as normal as having a sports massage or a protein shake ? "  Yes , I truly believe so , " says Bohorquez . "  Particularly the local treatment which is cheaper and less intimidating . "  I call cryotherapy legal doping because it boosts your energy levels and it makes your more alert . It increases your neuro-muscular response , so you react a little faster , and your immune system is activated . "  It boosts metabolism , which is also useful for weight loss , but it also stimulates your endocrine system so it relaxes you . "  I pretty much do it every day now , " says Bohorquez cheerily . "  You should try it . "	Golfer Padraig Harrington uses cryotherapy as part of his fitness regime The deep-freeze treatment is increasingly popular with professional athletes Athletes enter a chamber that is chilled to -130 degrees Celsius  -200 ˚F New York salon owner says cryotherapy creates such a high it 's like "  legal doping "
CNN  -- Holiday Inn Shanghai Pudong Kangqiao 's swimming pool has an exceptional view , as the image above shows . Part of the indoor pool , which perches atop the 24-story hotel , protrudes from the main building and is suspended mid-air . Its bottom is constructed with toughened glass . This gives guests a delirious sense of swimming in the sky -- they can see the street clearly down below while passers-by on Xiuyan Lu can see the swimmers way up above . "  I felt as if I was flying in the sky -- I could also enjoy the beautiful scenery of Pudong from here ... it 's so cool and wonderful , " a swimmer told CCTV . "  We wanted to provide our guests a unique swimming experience , and let them feel they 're vacationing even in a bustling city , " said a spokesperson from InterContinental Hotels Group , parent company of Holiday Inn . While not splashing in the water , guests can enjoy Pudong urban views stretching as far as the Lujiazui skyline at the poolside lounge . CNNGo : World 's 50 best beaches First of its kind in China Exactly 30 meters long  about 98 feet  , six meters wide  20 feet  and 1.5 meters deep  5 feet  , the swimming pool is the first of its kind in China . It was designed by Singaporean firm Chan Sau Yan Associates , which helmed the interior design of the four-star hotel . The Holiday Inn Shanghai branch said it gathered input from various architects and even aerospace experts while constructing this sky-high glass-bottomed water container to ensure its safety . CNNGo : World 's most spectacular swimming pools The hotel did not reveal the pool 's construction cost . The 390-room , four-star hotel -- which opened in May 2011 , is located in the booming suburb of Kangqiao , which is some 22 kilometers southeast from Shanghai downtown and 30 kilometers west of Shanghai Pudong International Airport . According to the staff working at the hotel 's gym , the swimming pool is open to hotel guests and a limited number of health club members . Annual membership for the gym starts from about $ 2,400 per person . Holiday Inn Shanghai Pudong Kangqiao , 1088 Xiuyan Lu , near Henghe Zhong Lu , Shanghai . +86 21 3829 1888 , nightly rate : from $ 125 , www.holidayinn.com Do you know any cooler hotel swimming pools ? Tell us about them in the comments section below . CNNGo : 20 of the world 's most iconic skyscrapers © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Holiday Inn pool in Shanghai stretches over street , 24 stories up Portion of pool has glass bottom and is suspended in mid-air The pool was designed by Singaporean firm Chan Sau Yan Associates
CNNGo  -- Sure , luxury accommodation in Asia takes the headlines , but what about us regular folk who just want a decent bed before hiking in Berastagi ? Big hotel chains such as InterContinental , Swiss-Belhotel International and Accor have recently announced plans to build more than 350 economy and express hotels in various parts of Asia including China , India , Singapore , Malaysia , Philippines and Indonesia by the end of 2012 . Do n't call the new breed budget hotels or hostels , which are usually in cheaper areas . High-end hotel companies that have "  economy " brands are often higher quality , cleaner , chicer and closer to city centers . Read more on CNNGo : 15 bizarre hotels Post-recession business travelers are being more responsible with their money and hoteliers say young executives on the move are demanding high-quality hotels with fewer trimmings like business centers or rooftop pools . "  Business tourists prefer two - to three-star facilities because it 's convenient -- they do n't want to waste money on facilities they wo n't use , " says Gavin Faull , president of Swiss-Belhotel International . International Air Transport Association and Smith Travel Research also anticipated higher growth in business travel compared to leisure travel in the upcoming year , according to a report from Ernst & Young -- "  Global Hospitality Insights : Top Thoughts for 2011 . " Read more on CNNGo : 10 adventures for chocoholics Global business travel spending is projected to grow 34 percent in four years , from US$ 896 billion in 2010 to US$ 1.2 trillion by 2014 , with Asia , Latin America and the Middle East expected to grow faster than the current recovering economies of the United States and Europe , according to Ernst & Young 's report . Fewer frills , more savings Much of the growth will be driven by the increased demand for economy hotels , which cost less than full-service hotels because guests pay only for basic amenities . For example , a one-night weekend stay in November at a standard Holiday Inn Express in Hong Kong costs 20 percent less than a room at the full-service Holiday Inn Golden Mile , Hong Kong . " -LSB- Express hotels are -RSB- everything you need and nothing you do n't , " says David Anderson , vice president at InterContinental Hotels . And the strategy for no-frills , but decent , rooms is working . Revenue per room grew 15 percent in Asia-Pacific during 2010 , while the United States saw about 7 percent growth , as reported by Ernst & Young . "  This growth -LSB- in the Asia-Pacific travel industry -RSB- is a complete reflection of domestic economy strength , " says Evan Lewis , Accor 's VP for Asia-Pacific communications . Read more on CNNGo : 10 cities , 100 fantastic free attractions For the regular non-business folk in Asia who just want to hit the beach on a nearby island over a weekend , this means more economy chains located in downtown cores . So while the roach-infested hovels with views over the sewer will still be there for those who like to slum it , there are now cheap places in good areas to toss your luggage and explore the city -- without forcing yourself to use the pool or gym you did n't ask for . Select economy hotels Holiday Inn Express , 33 Sharp St. East , Causeway Bay , Hong Kong , +852 3558 6688 , www.hiexpress.com Hotel Ibis Shanghai , 858 Panyu Road , Xuhui , Shanghai , China , +86 21 6283 8800 , www.ibishotel.com Swiss-Inn Batam , Komplek Villa Idaman Baloi Batam 29432 , Batam , Indonesia , +62 778 457 500 © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	High-end hotels building "  economy " brands that are closer to city centers than hostels A boom in Asia-Pacific business travel means more affordable accommodation for everyone Business travelers do n't want to waste money on ammenities they wo n't use
CNN  -- World No. 3 Kim Clijsters remains on course to win a second consecutive grand slam singles title after overcoming a challenge from Agnieszka Radwanska to reach the semifinals of the Australian Open . The U.S. Open champion battled past 12th seed Radwanska of Poland 6-3 7-6  7-4  in Wednesday 's quarterfinal to reach the last four in Melbourne for the sixth time in her career . The Belgian third seed will face world No. 2 Vera Zvonareva on Thursday for a place in the final -- a repeat of September 's title clash at Flushing Meadows . Zvonareva , runner-up at the last two grand slams after also losing to Serena Williams in the Wimbledon final , took just over an hour to dispatch of Czech 25th seed Petra Kvitova 6-2 6-4 . Top 10 moments of the Australian Open first week The Russian second seed was full of praise for her 20-year-old Czech opponent , who knocked out home favorite and world number five Sam Stosur on her way to her second grand slam quarterfinal , matching her feat at Wimbledon in 2010 . "  At 6-2 3-0 I was trying to keep playing the same way I was playing , but she really lifted her game , " the 26-year-old Zvonareva told reporters . "  She 's a very good player . She took that opportunity , that little chance I gave her , and used it to get back into the match . I 'm happy with the way I handled the situation during those moments , though . " Clijsters , meanwhile , faced arguably her toughest test so far in world No. 14 Radwanska , who was playing in her first tournament for three months following a foot injury . But despite losing a 4-1 lead in the first set and going down a break of serve early in the second , the more experienced Clijsters closed out the match to make the semifinals in Australia for the first time since her brief period of retirement from the game in 2008 . "  I felt a little bit tired and heavy out there today , but I fought well and stayed really focused , and tried not to lose too much energy on getting frustrated , " the mother-of-one told the official WTA Tour website . The 27-year-old admitted that she would have to improve in order to add the Australian Open title to the three grand slam singles crowns she has already won in New York in 2005 , 2009 and 2010 . "  Everything has to be better . The serving , the returning , the unforced errors -- everything . But I 'm in the semifinals and I do n't feel I 've played my best tennis , so that 's a good thing , " she said . "  I 'm hanging in there . Sometimes it 's more of an achievement than winning your matches very easily . " In Thursday 's other semifinal , world number one Caroline Wozniacki will play Chinese ninth seed Li Na after the pair both won their quarterfinal matches on Tuesday . Denmark 's Wozniacki is attempting to claim her first major title , while Na -- who also reached the last four in Melbourne last year -- hopes to become the first woman from her country to reach a grand slam final .	World No. 2 Vera Zvonareva and third seed Kim Clijsters reach Australian Open semis Belgium 's Clijsters beats Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland in straight sets Zvonareva of Russia also has a straight-sets quarterfinal victory over Czech Petra Kvitova Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark and China 's Li Na to contest other women 's semifinal
CNN  -- Cruising along the Roanoke Sound , 20 bottlenose dolphins crisscrossed the currents as my family and I toured the Outer Banks of North Carolina in a slow-and-easy , 55-foot pontoon . On a warm summer evening , we joined Captain Johnny 's Outer Banks Dolphin Tours in Manteo , North Carolina , which is across the bridge on Roanoke Island . There are three simple words that tourists are encouraged to shout once someone spots dolphins : "  There they are ! "  Even the most cautious adult sightseers ca n't resist yelling when they see a dolphin skimming the surf . Life 's a beach at Cape Hatteras Captain Johnny 's guarantees dolphin sightings on each cruise , and the popular boat tour enterprise does n't disappoint . Halfway through our two-hour cruise , I stopped counting after spotting about 30 playful dolphins surrounding our boat . "  This is a very active group of dolphins today , " our guide told us . "  We do n't know how many dolphins we 'll see each day -- but we do know we 'll find them . " The dolphin watch cruise -- a must-do activity for families -- leaves from a bayside dock in Manteo , a quaint waterfront town on the eastern side of Roanoke Island where in the late 1800s every store lining the waterfront had a door to come ashore by boat . Roanoke Island is part of a string of barrier islands that stretches 200 miles along the North Carolina coast . Driving to the Outer Banks is a great road trip for families ; it 's a destination that has something for everyone : inexpensive seaside restaurants serving fresh seafood and burgers , boutique shops and outlet stores , mini-golf , boardwalks , fishing , boat tours , ice cream and fudge shops , jet-ski rentals , hang gliding and a range of hotels , bed and breakfasts and oceanfront rental homes and condos . There are three popular islands in the Outer Banks -- Bodie , Roanoke and Hatteras , each with its distinct charm and history but all with some common features : sandy beaches and spectacular ocean views . Bodie Island includes the communities of Duck , Nags Head , Kitty Hawk and Kill Devil Hills . Visit the Wright Brothers National Memorial in Kill Devil Hills , where the first flight took off on December 17 , 1903 . Stop in Nags Head , home to the largest sand dune on the East Coast , Jockey 's Ridge , and check out dozens of gorgeous high-end homes . Also visit Jennette 's Pier for lunch or dinner , fishing and great ocean scenery . The 1,000-foot pier is the oldest pier in the Outer Banks and a great hangout for children . Check out Duck , which boasts seven miles of pristine beaches , bike paths and jet skiing . Be sure to walk through town and pick up a pint of homemade ice cream . On Hatteras Island , visit the Hatteras Island Visitor Center and Museum of the Sea at the historic Cape Hatteras Lighthouse Double Keepers ' Quarters . Also tour the lighthouse . The first Cape Hatteras Lighthouse was lit in 1803 , according to the National Park Service . At nearly 200 feet tall , the current structure is the tallest brick lighthouse in the United States . Take time to climb the lighthouse . It 's a fun experience for the entire family . For maritime buffs , also stop by the Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum in Hatteras Village . Exhibits include evidence of numerous shipwrecks around the Outer Banks , the result of treacherous seas . If you 're a pirate enthusiast , then Ocracoke Island , south of Hatteras , is the place for you . In the late 1600s and early 1700s , the Outer Banks was a secret base for pirates . They hijacked Spanish and British ships carrying gold and silver and stashed the booty in the crevices of the Outer Banks . The most famous pirate of the Outer Banks was Edward Teach , also known as "  Blackbeard , " who frequented Ocracoke . Blackbeard 's ship , Queen Anne 's Revenge , wrecked off the coast of the Outer Banks in 1718 . For an evening of entertainment and history , plan to see the theatrical stage production "  The Lost Colony , " the dramatic story of 113 colonists who mysteriously disappeared on Roanoke Island in 1590 . The musical is performed in an amphitheater in Manteo , on Roanoke Island , on a stage that is three times the size of most Broadway productions . English families first settled in the Outer Banks in 1587 , and many descendants of the early British pioneers still live on Roanoke Island today . Do n't miss the North Carolina Aquarium on Roanoke Island , which features the largest collection of sharks in the state as well as an outstanding interactive exhibit for kids called Operation : Sea Turtle Rescue . The 68,000-square-foot aquarium features the Outer Banks ' vast aquatic life , including horseshoe crabs , rays and alligators . One of the most popular exhibits in the aquarium is the "  touch room , " where children can touch rays , horseshoe crabs , hermit crabs and other creatures in a safe and controlled environment . A real treat for aquarium visitors is the high-velocity Hurricane Simulator that generates wind speeds of 78 mph -- the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane . Adults and children stand in line for this exhibit . Do n't miss it . It will blow you away . Where to stay We stayed overnight in Manteo -- our base in the Outer Banks -- and drove to other places such as Nags Head , Duck , Kitty Hawk , Southern Shores , Kill Devil Hills and Pea Island , the site of the first all-black U.S. Coast Guard life-saving station in the late 1800s . For couples , the Roanoke Bungalow is a charming bed and breakfast on a quiet street in Manteo . This family-owned home , originally built in the 1930s , has been renovated and transformed into a delightful and relaxing B&B . And Cheryl Wiggins prepares an outstanding continental breakfast each morning . Also try the Tranquil House Inn in the heart of town . Our second-floor room overlooked the bay and marina . The wine and cheese reception every evening is a nice touch , and a tasty breakfast is included each morning . Rooms are spacious , and the hotel is within walking distance of most local activities . Where to eat For a great meal and a wonderful atmosphere , try 1587 , the Tranquil House Inn 's restaurant . It 's a bit pricey but well worth it . If the mahi-mahi is on the menu , order it . Ask for a table overlooking the marina . For excellent traditional Latin food try La Cabana . It 's inexpensive , great food and large potions . Try the empanadas , chicken stew and seafood dishes . Travel tip If you decide on Captain Johnny 's Outer Banks Dolphin Tours , consider the 6 p.m. excursion : The dolphin tour also becomes a fantastic sunset cruise .	North Carolina 's Outer Banks make for a fun family trip Dolphin tours and pirate history appeal to visitors of all ages Visit Wright Brothers National Memorial for aviation history
CNN  -- Thousands of demonstrators in Syrian cities hit the streets after Friday prayers in another week of anti-government rallies , angry but largely peaceful outpourings of protest against the Bashar al-Assad regime . The gatherings come as a prominent humanitarian watchdog group issued a report detailing "  torture and ill-treatment " of protesters over the past month , and U.N. human rights experts released a statement deploring the crackdown on peaceful demonstrations . Witnesses reported demonstrations in Daraa , Baniyas , Dair Elzour , Douma , Zabadani , the outskirts of Damascus and other cities against the regime , urged by protesters to enact political , economic and social changes . In most locales , the day seemed peaceful compared with previous Fridays , when bloody clashes left many dead and injured . Still , the Syrian Arab News Agency , the official government news service , said that a police sergeant "  was martyred " after being "  assaulted by protesters in Homs . " The report , citing Homs police Commander Hamid Assad al-Murrai , said that Issam Mohammad Hassan died after being "  hit on the chest and head with sticks and rocks by protesters . " Razan Zaytouni , a human rights activist , said gunfire was heard in that western Syrian city as well as in Latakia . One witness in Daraa said people packed into the restive city 's main square and chanted , "  The people demand the reform of the regime " and "  United , United ! The Syrian people are united . " The witness , who is a doctor , said the demonstration was peaceful and there were no signs of police or soldiers . Two witnesses described a brief clash between demonstrators and security personnel in Jobar , a village just outside Damascus . As forces tried to disperse the crowd with tear gas and warning shots , demonstrators and security forces threw rocks , a half-hour confrontation that left 10 demonstrators lightly injured , one of the witnesses said . The Syrian Arab News Agency reported brief and limited street gatherings in different cities and towns , largely without any conflict with security forces or reports of vandalism . As protesters marched , Human Rights Watch issued a report Friday entitled "  Syria : Rampant Torture of Protesters , " a document detailing arbitrary detention , as well as mistreatment in prison . "  There can be no real reforms in Syria while security forces abuse people with impunity , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  President al-Assad needs to rein in his security services and hold them to account for arbitrary arrests and torture . " Human Rights Watch collected information about the mistreatment from interviews with 19 people who had been detained in Daraa , Damascus , Douma , al-Tal , Homs and Baniyas , and the families of detainees . The group also gathered information from Syrian activists about dozens of people detained in Daraa and Baniyas , and watched footage of some detainees released from Daraa , "  whose bodies appeared to have marks from torture . " Activists passed along videos of beatings and wounded people in Baniyas , disturbing imagery that punctuates the details in the Human Rights Watch report . Detainees arrested during the protests told Human Rights Watch that officers from the intelligence services , or the Mukhabarat , beat them during arrests and in detention . They saw beatings of dozens of detainees , including children , and "  heard screams of people being beaten . " Many in prisons experienced torture from electro-shock devices , cables and whips , witnesses said . Many stayed in overcrowded cells and were "  deprived of sleep , food and water . " Detainees were blindfolded and handcuffed , some said . Detainees had been made to "  sign confessions without being allowed to read them , as well as pledges not to participate in future protests , " and "  none were allowed to have any contact with relatives or lawyers while in detention , and their families were not informed of their whereabouts , " the report said . Security and intelligence officers also seized lawyers , activists and journalists who backed the protests , Human Rights Watch said . Most detainees had been freed in days without charges , and others were released on bail with charges pending . There was no immediate response to the report from the Syrian government . Al-Assad ordered the release of detainees in the unrest "  who have not committed criminal acts against the homeland and citizens , " the Syrian Arab News Agency reported Thursday . This follows the president 's meetings with officials in several provinces . "  The move comes in affirmation of President al-Assad 's interest in solidifying cohesion among the Syrian people and in appreciation of their keenness on preserving Syria 's security , safety and stability , " the news agency said . Rami Nakhle , an activist , said many people who had been detained in Baniyas were released , but many of them had been tortured . Videos show men displaying bruises on their backs and faces . One video shows armed security forces in the main square kicking , flogging and stepping on tied up demonstrators . Activists say the security forces cursed the protesters , and one person could be heard saying "  tie the animal up . " U.N. human rights experts urged authorities Friday to stop the "  repression " that has resulted in at least 200 deaths , and to launch a dialogue on reform . Juan Mendez , the special rapporteur on torture , called on Syria "  to respect the physical and mental integrity of protesters , ensure justice and accountability for victims , and bring those responsible for violations to justice , " the United Nations said in a statement . "  Firing on peaceful crowds attending protests or funerals is by no means justified , " stressed Christof Heyns , special rapporteur on arbitrary executions , one of 10 independent experts joining the call on the Syrian government to end the crackdown . "  Live ammunition is being used outside the prescribed limits and in clear violation of international law . Firearms may only be used in self-defense or in the defense of others . " He said the unrest could "  easily escalate into widespread violence , " citing reports that people are now arming themselves to retaliate against security . The experts , who report to the U.N. Human Rights Council , said the crackdown is persisting even though the government has promised reform and is considering lifting its 48-year-old emergency rule . The statement said "  deep-seated corruption , injustice and discrimination , the lack of consultation , participation , and accountability " are among the protesters ' grievances . Also Friday , there were videos of chanting marchers Friday in Kiswah , outside Damascus , Latakia , Qamishli and Homs . In Jassem , near Daraa , demonstrators called for an end to corruption and the trial of government officials responsible for the deaths of demonstrators , a witness said . There were no security forces at the peaceful gathering , which lasted about two-and-a-half hours . Chants of "  Freedom ! Freedom ! " "  Those who kill their people are traitor " and "  With our blood with our souls we will sacrifice for you Syria " resounded through the crowd . CNN 's Salma Abdelaziz , Rima Maktabi and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : A Syrian police officer has been killed by protesters , state-run media says Thousands demonstrated in several cities , and most protests were peaceful U.N. rights experts denounce past crackdowns by Syrian authorities Detainees screamed , and people were beaten , witnesses said
Island County , Washington  CNN  -- Colton Harris-Moore returned Thursday to a setting with which he is all-too-acquainted : a Washington State courtroom . After two years on the run , Harris-Moore , 19 , heard the charge and possible jail time he faces for stealing a plane . The teen had been on the run since he walked away from a juvenile halfway house in Renton , Washington , in 2008 . Harris-Moore has already been charged with over a dozen crimes such as fleeing from police officers in a stolen car , identity thefts , burglaries and taking a four seater Cessna plane for a joyride , even though he does n't have a pilot 's license and never apparently took any flying lessons . The FBI had offered a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to his arrest . At the hearing , Harris-Moore 's attorney did not contest his continued detention and waived his right to a preliminary hearing . If a grand jury hands up an indictment in the plane case , Harris-Moore would next appear at an arraignment to enter a plea of guilty or not guilty . Before he gained notoriety as the brazen "  barefoot bandit , " Harris-Moore was a wayward boy who despite frequent run-ins with the law , behavior modifying medication , pleas from relatives and psychological counseling could not stay out of trouble . ` Let down ' A CNN review of more than a thousand pages of court documents painted a different picture of the now infamous outlaw . The records instead show Harris-Moore running from his demons and what a psychologist 's report called "  a home situation marked by instability , loss and alcohol abuse . " "  He was let down , " Harris-Moore 's aunt Sandra Puttmann told CNN . "  He was neglected by the schools , the police and his immediate family . He did n't have a normal life , he had an alcoholic mom and her boyfriends . " Read the aunt 's letter to the court According to Puttmann , her sister drank heavily and regularly broke Harris-Moore 's toys as a form of punishment while he was growing up . In court records , Harris-Moore tells a psychologist his mother acted "  mean " when drinking and "  she will break my things . She yells and screams at me . " Harris-Moore 's mother , Pamela Kohler , did not respond to CNN 's calls , emails and a letter asking for comment on the allegations . A homemade placard placed on the driveway to the broken down trailer where she lives and where Colton Harris-Moore grew up warned visitors , "  If you go past this sign you will be shot . " "  She never abused Colton , " said O. Yale Lewis , Kohler 's entertainment attorney who is fielding offers for books and movies based on Harris-Moore 's alleged escapades . "  There is a much richer story here . " Many disappointments But in a handwritten letter in Harris-Moore 's court file , Kohler wrote , "  This boy has had many disappointments all his life . His step father died and our dog and this had severe effects on Colt and I. " "  He does things , " Kohler 's letter continues . "  Without thinking of the end results . " According to court records , Kohler said Colton 's father left when he was "  four to five years old . " Colton was "  attached to " her next husband , Kohler said in court records , but he was "  a heroin addict " who died of undetermined causes when Colton was 10 years old . Read the full letter A subsequent live-in boyfriend , is described by Kohler in court records , as , "  not playing with a full deck . " State Child Protective Services responded to reports of incidents at the home on 12 different occasions , once removing Harris-Moore from his mother 's care for three days , court records show . In a May 2003 incident , court records say that Colton Harris-Moore , then 12 , called 911 after his father allegedly pushed him to the ground and gripped his hand around the boy 's throat . When police arrived , according to the records , Colton 's father Gordon Moore "  ran into the woods ... but they soon caught him . He was arrested and taken to jail . " Soon after , court records detail , Gordon Moore cut off contact with the family . CNN was unable to reach him for comment about the incident . According to court records , Pamela Kohler blamed her son for the incident . "  His mom was drunk and screaming at him , ' Island County court records said . "  She stumbled around asking , ` What are you going to do now ? They have taken your father away . ' " Six months later , Harris-Moore was arrested with three other boys for breaking into the middle school he attended . Harris-Moore later pleaded guilty to using a butane torch lighter to burn a hole into a school window and then take a laptop and blank CDs . He was sentenced to six months of supervision and 56 hours of community service . Tumultuous relationship In a 2004 report , Harris-Moore 's probation officer wrote , "  Colton and his mother share a tumultuous relationship . Colton 's mother reported to me how he is violent at home on a near daily basis . He recently broke the telephone in order to prevent her from calling the police . She then showed me a mark on her forearm of how  sic  he had bit her " and "  reported a recent incident where Colton went after her with a boat oar . " The same report continued , "  His mother reported how Colton is now medicated and is complying with taking his medications and his behavior has not been as hostile toward her . " In 2007 as her son faced sentencing on burglary charges , Harris-Moore 's mother wrote the court , saying "  Colt has had mental problems since about age 2 . I have tried for years to get help for him . " "  Colton tended to beat his head on the wall when he was toddler . " Kohler stated , according to court records . In the 2007 psychological evaluation that is part of Harris-Moore 's court file , Dr. Delton Young writes "  Colton has a long-term history of psychiatric and behavioral difficulties . He also has been prescribed a wide range of psychiatric medications including anti-depressants , stimulant medications , mood stabilizers , and even an anti-psychotic medication . " Read the full psychological evaluation Harris-Moore 's then-attorney Rachel Miyoshi said she ordered the psychological review to show that he "  was n't dangerous , was n't violent . All the charges against him were basically property crimes , " she said . Miyoshi remembered Harris-Moore as being "  very on the ball " and "  courteous . " "  Colton is incredibly bright , " Miyoshi told CNN . "  But he did n't have much schooling and he wanted to fly . He was n't going to be able to go into the Navy so I think -LSB- allegedly stealing airplanes -RSB- was the only avenue for him to do what he wanted . " With Harris-Moore facing 23 charges , Miyoshi negotiated a deal where Harris-Moore plead guilty to three charges of burglary and was sentenced to three years in a juvenile detention home "  I love that boy like one of my own kids , " Harris-Moore 's aunt Sandra Puttmann wrote , the judge in the case . She offered to let him live on her farm with "  horses dogs , cats , chickens that he shows a big interest in . I think he got mixed in with the wrong crowd and got himself in to  sic  far . " But in April 2008 , Harris-Moore allegedly snuck out of the group home for juvenile offenders , beginning the chase with authorities that concluded two years later in the Bahamas with the teenage fugitive newly famous and in chains . Sandra Puttmann said Harris-Moore 's story could have turned out differently had he gone to live on her farm . Instead , Puttmann said , she would receive phone calls from Harris-Moore every month or so to let her know he was doing ok and still running . Puttmann said she pleaded with the young fugitive to turn himself in . His reply was always the same , "  He was n't ready to stop yet , " she said .	Court records show Colton Harris-Moore as a wayward boy with frequent run-ins with the law Harris-Moore complained about his mother 's behavior when drinking , according to the records His father left when he was 4 or 5 and he became attached to his stepfather , who later died ` He does things without thinking of the end results , ' his mother wrote the court about her son
EW.com  -- An old-fashioned , tastefully constrained supernatural thriller , "  The Woman in Black " embraces the elements of gothic horror movies with pleasing seriousness : If there 's a door handle to rattle or floorboard to creak in the ruined mansion at the heart of the story 's trouble , this production pauses for the sight and sound . And gray English skies with a likelihood of thick English mist is the unchanging weather forecast . The upside is , this classically creepy , unironic tale of loss and vengeance , based on Susan Hill 's popular 1983 novel of the same name , pays fair homage to the kind of fare that has long been the specialty of the recently revived British company Hammer Films , where Christopher Lee once reigned as Count Dracula and Peter Cushing personified Baron Frankenstein . The downside is , "  The Woman in Black " devotes an awful lot of time to the sight of Daniel Radcliffe , playing a sad , frock-coated lawyer named Arthur Kipps , creeping anxiously through that haunted house , clutching a candle and an axe , getting nowhere . ` American Idol ' : Portland ratings drizzle Deadened with grief four years after the death of his wife , Arthur is dispatched to a remote English village to sort out a deceased woman 's estate . There , in his own melancholy , the lawyer barely notices how fear has warped the secretive residents of the village , all of whom know and none of whom will tell an outsider what ails them .  CiarÃ ¡ n Hinds and "  Albert Nobbs " Oscar nominee Janet McTeer have fun playing the village 's wealthiest residents , the only two who provide hospitality . Arthur does , at least , begin to wonder about the unusual death rate of village children . Oh , if ghosts could talk ! Instead , this inconsolable spirit makes her feelings known through more ghoulish means . Sherilyn Fenn , Alice Cooper in Syfy ` Bigfoot ' For a certain target audience , of course , the chief selling point of "  The Woman in Black " is the appearance of Radcliffe in his first adult , big-screen outing of the post - "  Harry Potter " era . These Dan-ites can be assured that the handsome , self-possessed 22-year-old actor delivers nicely , conveying a lot in a performance that requires an excessive amount of silent tiptoeing . The horror-loving audience who wants to be scared silly , on the other hand , ought to know that , TV ads featuring night-vision footage of freaked out preview patrons to the contrary , this is a movie of quiet spookiness rather than loud BOO!s . B - See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Woman in Black " embraces the elements of gothic horror movies with pleasing seriousness It 's an old-fashioned , tastefully constrained supernatural thriller This tale of loss and vengeance is based on Susan Hill 's novel of the same name
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- Golfer Tiger Woods will be issued a careless driving citation for the crash outside his home last week , but he will not face criminal charges , the Florida Highway Patrol said Tuesday . Woods , 33 , struck a fire hydrant and a tree with his 2009 Cadillac SUV in his luxury neighborhood near Windermere , Florida , early Friday , police said . Upon conviction of careless driving , a moving violation , Woods faces a $ 164 fine and four points on his license , Maj. Cindy Williams of the Florida Highway Patrol said . "  Mr. Woods ' status in no way impacted our investigation or conclusion , " Williams said . "  The investigation has determined that Mr. Woods is at fault in the crash . " Woods satisfied the requirements of Florida law regarding motor vehicle accidents by providing his driver 's license , registration and proof of insurance to authorities , Williams said . "  With the issuance of this citation , the Florida Highway Patrol has completed its investigation into this matter , " she said . There was insufficient evidence to request a subpoena for medical information in the case , said Sgt. Kim Montes , an FHP spokeswoman . There were no claims of domestic abuse . Authorities have said they do n't have details on why Woods was driving away from his home around 2:25 a.m. Friday . State troopers three times have asked to question him about the accident , but he has declined , the highway patrol has said . What do you think about the Tiger Woods saga ? Police have said the accident was not alcohol-related . Woods canceled plans to attend the Chevron World Challenge in Southern California "  due to injuries sustained in a one-car accident last week , " according to a statement Monday from the golfer . In a statement issued Sunday afternoon on his Web site , Woods offered no details of his accident except to say he had cuts and bruises and was "  pretty sore . " "  This situation is my fault , and it 's obviously embarrassing to my family and me , " he said . "  I 'm human and I 'm not perfect . I will certainly make sure this does n't happen again . " Woods is a four-time winner of the tournament . A knee injury kept him from competing last year . "  I am extremely disappointed that I will not be at my tournament this week , " Woods said . "  I am certain it will be an outstanding event , and I 'm very sorry that I ca n't be there . " People holding tickets for the event -- which runs Wednesday through Sunday -- can apply for full refunds starting next Monday , tournament officials said . Ticketholders who do not ask for refunds can get a 20 percent discount when buying 2010 tickets , they said . The annual charity event , which Woods hosts in Thousand Oaks , California , is a major fundraiser for the Tiger Woods Foundation , but it was not immediately clear how much money it would lose because of Woods ' cancellation . The incident has ended Woods ' golf appearances until next season , according to a statement posted on his Web site . The PGA Tour has ended for the year , but the first tournament of the 2010 season is just five weeks away . At least one other charity event is scheduled , but it is not clear if Woods had planned to attend . Woods has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament four times each , as well as three U.S. Open Championships . Last week , a story in the National Enquirer alleged that Woods has been seeing a New York nightclub hostess . The woman denied having an affair with Woods when contacted by The Associated Press . The woman in question has retained Los Angeles lawyer Gloria Allred , who is know for handling high-profile cases , to represent her . Allred told CNN there were no immediate plans for a news conference , although she may soon release a written statement . Windermere 's mayor called on the news media to back away from the story , saying , "  Our residents would like to put this behind us . " "  It 's time to move on , " Mayor Gary Bruhn said . "  Let the man recover if he is injured , and let him get back to his life , and let our residents get back to normalcy . " Woods ' agent , Mark Steinberg , said the Florida Highway Patrol informed them that further discussion with them is both voluntary and optional . "  Although Tiger realizes that there is a great deal of public curiosity , it has been conveyed to FHP that he simply has nothing more to add and wishes to protect the privacy of his family . " Under Florida law , Woods is not obligated to give a statement about the crash . His attorney , Mark NeJame , handed over the required documents to the troopers Sunday at Woods ' home , Montes said . Investigators had sought possible surveillance tapes of the accident from neighbors , but none were found , she said . In his statement , Woods praised his wife , Elin Nordegren , who he said "  acted courageously when she saw I was hurt and in trouble . " Nordegren told police she used a golf club to break out the rear window of the vehicle , and then pulled Woods from the SUV after she heard the accident from inside their home . But Woods said , "  This is a private matter , and I want to keep it that way . " And , he added , "  The only person responsible for the accident is me . " Woods and his wife have two children , a 2-year-old and a baby born in February . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Alan Duke , Ross Levitt and Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	NEW : Tiger Woods faces $ 164 fine , four points on his license , Florida Highway Patrol says NEW : No criminal charges for pro golfer ; no evidence of abuse , spokeswoman says Woods skipping golf tournament this week , blames injuries from car crash Woods hit a fire hydrant near his home in his SUV early Friday , police say
Beijing  CNN  -- Despite attempts by the authorities to censor coverage , millions of people across mainland China have watched warily over the past few days as thousands of Hong Kongers have occupied the heart of their city calling for greater democracy . For many the verve and passion of this student-led revolt has been captivating to witness . But others are less impressed . "  I think the ` Occupy Central ' movement is the Hong Kong version of so-called street politics and color revolutions we 've seen in other countries , " Chen Zuo'er , who helped facilitate the handover of Hong Kong to China from Britain , told CNN Wednesday , as China marked National Day -- the foundation of the People 's Republic of China on October 1 , 1949 . "  It 's very dangerous . It 's an obviously illegal movement . " Chen says the protest is bad for Hong Kong 's reputation . "  It has caused great harm to Hong Kong in the past few days . Democracy and the rule of law are the pillars of economic prosperity and social stability in Hong Kong . ` Occupy Central ' has attacked both pillars , " he said . Illegal demonstration China itself has labeled the demonstrations "  illegal . " Some analysts claim the protests have been the most significant since the former colony 's handover from Britain to China in 1997 . But not everyone in China knows about the occupation of Hong Kong 's central districts -- the beating heart of this Asian financial hub . Beijing 's censors have been blocking reports , including CNN 's , in the mainstream and social media . But those who know , like Chen , are watching warily , worried that any clashes or incidents between protesters and police -- as we witnessed on Sunday when the authorities resorted to using tear gas -- could lead to bloodshed or trigger a harsh crackdown . Chen was posted to the city in 1994 as a member of the preparatory committee for the formation of Hong Kong as a Special Administrative Region  SAR  of China . He was China 's point-person in the Sino-British Joint Liaison Group  JLG  , in charge of negotiating with British side over the 1997 handover of power . He now heads the Chinese Association of Hong Kong and Macao Studies , a think-tank based in Beijing . ` Gullible ' protesters While Chen praised the passion of the young protesters , he questioned whether they 'd been misled . "  The passion of Hong Kong 's young people is commendable -- they care about current affairs and politics , care about the future of Hong Kong and China , " he said . "  But they tend to be gullible and excitable as their class boycott and peaceful sit-in became ` Occupy Central . ' " Chen accused "  some people " of manipulating the protest movement . "  Some adults -- I mean those with beards and wrinkles -- suddenly show up in front of the youth to tell them what to do , what not to do , what should be done , what should be their goal , " he said . "  We 're all shocked . As I 've read in Hong Kong media , those adults -- would they let their own children lie on the streets ? What are they doing after receiving illegal funding ? These are the questions posed by Hong Kong people online that I 've read . " Chen declined to give specifics , simply saying "  just read what is out there in the Hong Kong media . " Chinese crackdown Would China would consider sending People 's Liberation Army  PLA  troops on to the streets of Hong Kong if the protest persists for a long time ? "  The past few days the central government has already stated many times , " he answered tangentially . "  We believe that the Hong Kong SAR government has the ability to handle well the illegal acts of the Occupation Central . We fully believe so . " The retired vice minister insisted that China 's decision to allow "  universal suffrage " in the 2017 election is already a significant progress towards democracy . "  If you study the decision by the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress , you will find it comparable to universal suffrage in many other countries during various periods of time . It 's one person , one vote and every vote counts the same . It takes some Western countries 200 years to achieve . But after resuming sovereignty over Hong Kong , it took China only 20 years to achieve this in the Chief Executive election , " he said . But many ordinary Hong Kongers insist they want full universal suffrage , rejecting Beijing 's decision to allow only Beijing-vetted candidates to run for the 2017 election for chief executive . Will China be open to changing the elections system in the future to make it freer ? "  I 'm not a prophet , " he replied . "  I think Hong Kong 's political system will become fairer , more democratic and more open . "  One country , two systems " is a fundamental national policy . No matter how ` Occupy Central ' becomes , it wo n't change shake this policy . I believe it will be thoroughly implemented into the future . " Meantime , Chen sees no room for China to back down from its stated position . "  I know the plotters of Occupy Central , " he said . "  They launched this illegal action with the central government as its target . They demand that the Standing Committee of the National People 's Congress will rescind its decision on universal suffrage . However , I think that is futile . Impossible . " Many political observers have compared Occupy Central to Tiananmen in 1989 , when the Chinese army brutally crushed the six-week-long protest in central Beijing . What is Chen 's take ? "  They are not comparable , " was his only reply .	Protests "  a very dangerous , obviously illegal movement , " says Chen Zuo'er Chen helped negotiate with the British side over the 1997 handover of power to China Occupy Central has attacked pillars of economic prosperity and social stability , he says Chen : "  One country , two systems " is a fundamental national policy
New York  CNN  -- A woman who stole an infant from a Manhattan hospital in 1987 pleaded guilty to a federal kidnapping charge Friday and could face at least 20 years behind bars . Ann Pettway has been charged in the abduction of Carlina Renae White , now in her early 20s , who was reunited with her biological mother last year . Pettway pleaded not guilty to the kidnapping charge last year . Who would steal a baby , and why ? Carlina White was 19 days old when her mother took her to the Harlem hospital with a fever more than two decades ago . The mother , Joy White , testified that she went home to rest and returned to the hospital to find her baby missing . "  Ann Pettway preyed on me , " Joy White said Friday , adding that she remembered seeing Pettway at the hospital . "  All I want is justice , " White said . "  This is too much for me and my family . " The grand jury said Pettway had "  willfully and knowingly " seized the baby . She turned herself in last month at the FBI office in Bridgeport , Connecticut . Report : Pettway frustrated with miscarriages "  I raised her as my own and I knew it was wrong , " Pettway said Friday . The younger White , who was raised under a different name , long had a nagging feeling that she was brought up by a family she did not belong to , Ernie Allen of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has said . CNN 's Laura Batchelor contributed to this report	NEW : Ann Pettway could face 20 years behind bars She was indicted on a federal kidnapping charge Carlina Renae White , now in her early 20s , was taken from a New York hospital in 1987 White was reunited with her biological mother last year
Beijing  CNN  -- Chinese authorities late Thursday dramatically revised upward the death toll of a violent incident they say occurred earlier in the week in Xinjiang , an ethnically divided region in China 's far west . According to state-run regional media portal Tianshan , 50 people , including 40 "  rioters , " were shot dead by police or killed by a series of explosions . "  Police forces reacted decisively , " said the report . The report did n't specify how many were killed by police . More than 50 civilians were injured during the blasts on Sunday evening , which police called a terrorist attack , according to Tianshan . The bombs hit two police stations , a shop and an open market frequented by ethnic minority Uyghurs . The dead included six civilians , two police officers and two auxiliaries , Tianshan said . The primary suspect behind the bombings was shot dead , police said . On Monday , state media claimed that just two people were killed in the explosions . It is unclear why more details were only released several days later . Local police refused to comment to CNN , saying the information surrounding the incident is "  confidential . " The provincial government refused to provide more details . The violence occurred just two days before prominent Uyghur professor Ilham Tohti was found guilty of ' "  separatism " by a Chinese court and sentenced to life in prison . Chinese authorities have stepped up security measures in Xinjiang following several recent attacks in the region , which has been the scene of ethnic strife between the indigenous Uyghurs , a mainly Turkic-speaking Muslim population , and Han Chinese . The Chinese government has blamed recent violent incidents in Xinjiang on Uyghur separatists seeking to establish an independent state . Waves of Han Chinese have flocked to the resource-rich region , fueling tensions with the Uyghurs , who regard themselves as culturally and ethnically closer the people of nations bordering western China , such as Kazakhstan , Mongolia , Pakistan and Afghanistan . Xinjiang is now home to more than eight million Han Chinese , up from 220,000 in 1949 , and 10 million Uyghurs . Unemployment among Uyghurs is high , and they complain of discrimination and harsh treatment by security forces .	Chinese authorities dramatically revise death toll in Xinjiang violence State media said 50 people were killed , up from two previously . Police said there was a string of terrorist bombings that led to some deaths The region has seen several attacks due to ethnic strife
CNN  -- Seven Transportation Security Administration employees at Philadelphia International Airport face losing their jobs after an eight-month internal investigation into an alleged bribery scandal , the agency announced Friday . The agency said it removed 10 employees from security duties last November pending the results of the investigation by the inspector general of the Department of Homeland Security . "  Since that time , three of the employees involved have resigned from TSA and seven others have been notified of TSA 's proposed action to terminate their employment , " the agency said in a release . According to the release , "  a training instructor responsible for administering annual proficiency exams was found to have accepted payment from TSA security officers to ensure passing grades . " The training instructor pleaded guilty in February to a charge of bribery , the agency said . "  Any employee who willfully violates TSA rules will be held accountable for their conduct and appropriately disciplined , " said Chris McLaughlin , the agency 's assistant administrator . This latest incident comes two weeks after 43 Transportation Security Administration workers in Florida were disciplined for not performing additional screening on random carry-on bags and passengers . Last month , after a series of breaches at Newark Airport , a Homeland Security inspector general report found the agency is failing to adequately report , track and fix security breaches at airports . The agency responded to those incidents with "  corrective action , " according to the inspector general , but not all the problems received the same treatment . "  There 's a TSA disaster every week , and the security meltdown gets more and more outrageous , " said Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , in a release put out by his office on Friday . Mica , who has repeatedly called for privatizing Transportation Security Administration , said reforms "  ca n't come soon enough . " He added that hundreds of U.S. airports "  still operate under the Soviet-style all-federal screening model . " The Transportation Security Administration said that upon learning about the bribery allegations in Philadelphia , it notified the inspector general and worked closely with law enforcement during the investigation .	The TSA completes an eight-month investigation into bribery allegations It says a training instructor accepted payment from test-takers to ensure they passed Ten employees were suspended ; three of those have resigned
Madrid  CNN  -- Spaniards who are in "  circumstances of extreme necessity " and are unable to pay their mortgages will not be evicted from their homes over the next two years , the main industry group for Spanish banks said Monday . The pledge comes just three days after a 53-year-old woman committed suicide as authorities were preparing to foreclose on her home . It was the second such incident since late October . The move will not halt all home evictions during the ongoing economic crisis , but the Spanish Banking Association issued a statement saying that "  due to social alarm generated by the home evictions , " it agreed with a government proposal made last Thursday to halt foreclosures "  during the next two years , in those cases where there are circumstances of extreme necessity . " In the incident last Friday , the woman jumped to her death from her home in northern Spain as authorities were climbing the steps to evict her . The victim was a former Socialist town councilor . Her death followed the suicide last October 25 by a 53-year-old man who hanged himself at a home in southern Spain shortly before the eviction team -- judicial and bank representatives , backed by police -- showed up . There have been protests for months in Spain over evictions as the nation suffers a recession and an unemployment rate just over 25 percent . But the two suicides sharply increased pressure on Spanish authorities to take action . Spain 's central judicial authority has reported than 150,000 evictions of Spaniards and immigrants from their homes since 2008 , when the crisis started , for falling behind on their mortgage payments . Spain 's El Pais newspaper reports the figure could be closer to 400,000 . On Monday , a spokesman for the deputy prime minister told CNN it was not immediately clear how many evictions would be stopped under the banking industry 's standard of "  circumstances of extreme necessity " but he said it could be "  some thousands . " Housing advocates say hundreds of evictions are scheduled every business day . The banking association says 97 % of homeowners are still paying their mortgages on time . Just hours after the second suicide last Friday , Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy told a regional election rally that the government "  will protect the most vulnerable families affected by evictions . " Leading judges -- the judiciary is charged with carrying out the evictions -- have in recent days called on lawmakers to urgently address the problem . And a main police union , known by its letters SUP , offered to pay legal fees and lost wages for officers who decline to participate in evictions . The conservative government and the main opposition Socialist Party -- after months of being unable to agree on almost anything -- have suddenly pledged to work together to ease the foreclosures . A senior Economy Ministry official and his counterpart from the Socialist Party were to meet later Monday to discuss other measures to ease the eviction crisis . Credit was cheap in Spain during the boom years , when hundreds of thousands of new homes were built and it seemed that everyone could become a homeowner . The boom went bust in 2008 , and banks incurred huge debts from bad real estate loans while the economy slowed , the jobless rate increased , and consumer spending stalled . There have been widespread protests against the evictions and especially against the Spanish law that lets banks seize not only the property but also go after debtors ' future income until everything has been paid back . At numerous evictions , authorities have been met by dozens of protesters who have organized to provide support for families facing evictions across the country .	The main industry group for Spanish banks announces a moratorium on some evictions The pledge follows two suicides of homeowners about to be evicted People have been protesting evictions during the recession as unemployment hit 25 % The banking association says 97 % of homeowners are paying their mortgages on time
CNN  -- This spring break , thousands of college students will ditch the bars and the beaches to do something more meaningful with their vacation time . Brad Vonck  bottom , left  and other student volunteers worked with the Cherokee Nation in Stilwell , Oklahoma . Brad Vonck is one of them . A sophomore at the University of Illinois , Vonck will travel to San Juan , Texas , in a group of 13 students to volunteer with La Union del Pueblo Entero , an organization that helps strengthen the communities and lives of farm workers and their families . "  Learning about different cultures is very important to me , " Vonck said . "  I like to engage in different areas of life that I do n't really understand . " Every year , more and more college students , like Vonck , are choosing to spend their valuable time off from school participating in "  alternative spring break " programs -- community service-based opportunities dealing with the most pressing issues of the day , including hunger and homelessness , disaster relief and global warming . "  If you can name a social issue , then students are doing trips around it , " said Jill Piacitelli , executive director of Break Away , an organization that trains and helps colleges across the United States promote alternative break programs . For the past six years , these programs have been growing in popularity among college students . Break Away estimated that this year , nearly 65,000 students will participate in its alternative break programs , an 11 percent increase from 2008 . "  It 's a student-led social movement . ... This is a group that very much wants to be involved in the world around them , " Piacitelli said of the volunteers . "  They 're solution-oriented . They want to innovate and lead and involve their peers . " The average domestic trip costs around $ 250 or $ 300 , Piacitelli said , which includes "  housing , travel , social activities , food and often a donation to the community . " Many university programs offer financial aid and the option to raise money to help pay for trips . "  It is rare that anyone who wants to go on a trip can not go , " Piacitelli said . The affordability is part of the reason why so many students return for second or third trips . Nikunj Shah , a graduate of Arcadia University , has taken several alternative spring break trips volunteering in the United States and Mexico . This year , he will be traveling as an alumnus to Jean Lafitte , Louisiana , a city that has been largely ignored by disaster relief efforts in the wake of hurricanes Katrina , Wilma and Rita . "  I 've always had an interest in helping people . I 've always been really involved in community service , " Shah said . "  So I saw this as an opportunity to go places I have n't been before , to get a feel for different cultures and to help people there that truly need help . " In an effort to expand their alternative spring break options , universities across the United States partner with humanitarian organizations like the United Way of America . Randy Punley , director of corporate and media partnerships at the United Way , oversees the organization 's Alternative Spring Break programs . After Hurricane Katrina , the United Way partnered with MTV to engage young people in the response effort . "  We knew there was an interest and a passion in young people for the work we were trying to achieve , " Punley said . Since then , the United Way has evolved and expanded , establishing chapters on college campuses . The organization has also developed an Alternative Spring Break Social Media Challenge , encouraging young people to be active in their communities and use social media Web sites , like Facebook or Twitter , to involve other people . "  Whether it started with the first Gulf War , punctuated by the September 11 attacks and Katrina and the economic meltdown , young people have a very different perspective about what 's going on in the world , " Punley said . At the end of the weeklong trip , most students say it was the best week of their lives , Punley said . The increasing interest in these programs , Punley believes , speaks volumes about the attitudes of Generation Y , a group of people who are eager to make an impact on the world around them . "  It 's such a difference from going home and not really feeling accomplished to going on these trips and meeting new people , " Vonck said . "  You get experiences that you would n't get sitting on the couch watching TV for a week . " Piacitelli said these programs encourage young people to continue serving their communities and those in need . "  The students are the main benefactors of what goes on , " Piacitelli said . "  It changes their consciousness . They get really interested in social issues ... They see themselves as active citizens , and helping the community becomes a priority . " Like Vonck and Shah , University of Illinois senior Adriana Collazo has a passion for community service . During her spring break last year , Collazo traveled to the Bronx in New York to volunteer at a homeless shelter . She stayed at a hostel with other volunteers and helped serve food and organize clothing drives . "  I never really had all that money to go off and do the whole Cancun , Mexico , spring break , and I did n't really want to , because I think that 's throwing away money , " Collazo said . "  When you can give back , it 's selfish . " The trip to the Bronx was a personal one for Collazo who , at the age of 6 , experienced poverty firsthand when her family became homeless . "  My family 's better now , and I want to give back , " Collazo said . "  I think a lot of students have realized that they can do better things with their time . ... It humbles you . "	"  Alternative " spring breaks are becoming more popular among college students The programs center on community service Trips may address hunger and homelessness , disaster relief and global warming The average domestic trip costs around $ 250 or $ 300
Stockholm , Sweden  CNN  -- WikiLeaks founder and editor Julian Assange said Swedish authorities reached "  the height of irresponsibility " by issuing an arrest warrant alleging rape against him , then revoking it less than a day later . "  It is clearly a smear campaign , " Assange told Arabic news network Al-Jazeera in a live telephone interview Sunday . " ... The only question is , who was involved ? " Asked who he thinks was behind the accusations , Assange told the network , "  We have some suspicions about who would benefit , but without direct evidence , I would not be willing to make a direct allegation . " Meanwhile , the Swedish Prosecution Authority said in an update on its website that Assange 's name was leaked to the media , and the authority -- which does not normally publish the names of suspects -- "  did not in this case initiate publication . " However , the office did confirm Assange 's identity and later published his name in statements about his arrest and the subsequent revocation . An arrest warrant was filed against Assange in absentia on Friday . Swedish media , citing unnamed sources , reported that two women , ages 20 and 30 , reported the allegations to police , leading to the warrant being filed . The AftonBladet , a respected Swedish daily , said the 30-year-old told the newspaper that the younger woman had approached her with a story similar to hers -- that she had consensual sex with Assange but that the situation had turned abusive . Karin Rosander , a spokeswoman for the prosecutor 's office , would not confirm the reports . But on Saturday , less than full day later , Chief Prosecutor Eva Finne said in a statement posted on the authority 's website that Assange was "  no longer wanted " and "  is not suspected of rape . " The prosecution authority said on its website Sunday , "  When Ms. Finne became in charge of the matter on Saturday , she had more information than the first prosecutor had on Friday night . Decisions on coercive measures , like arrest , should constantly be re-evaluated during an investigation and must always be based on the actual information . " "  The decision to appoint Eva Finne as prosecutor in charge was made on Saturday , " the authority said . "  Under most circumstances the duty prosecutors on Monday morning hand over all weekend matters to different prosecutors who will be in fully in charge of the investigations . " However , serious crimes or high-profile matters can be handed over earlier to lessen the burden on the duty prosecutors , the posting said . "  The matter concerning Mr. Assange was judged as such a matter . " Rosander told CNN affiliate TV4 that the decision to issue the warrant was made by an "  on-call prosecutor " and that Finne revoked the warrant on Saturday . Such differences in prosecutorial judgment are common in Sweden , she said . The arrest warrant also mentioned a molestation charge , but molestation -- which is not limited to child victims in Sweden -- is not a crime punishable by jail time . Rosander told TV4 Assange is still under investigation for molestation . Asked about that investigation by Al-Jazeera , Assange -- who said he is on holiday in the north of Sweden -- said , "  I have no details on what that is about . I can not imagine any event where that would be credible . " He said he has not been contacted by Swedish police , but has directed his attorney to contact them . Assange told the network he was warned of an impending smear campaign . In a posting Saturday on the WikiLeaks Twitter page , Assange said , "  the charges are without basis and their issue at this moment is deeply disturbing . " Asked if he had anything to tell Swedish authorities , Assange said he would ask that they be cautious "  and not issue statements and retract them six hours later " given the seriousness of the situation . Finne , the posting Sunday said , "  will work with the investigation " next week . "  At the moment , it is not possible to estimate when more information can be given or which decisions will be made . " WikiLeaks has triggered controversy by recently posting some 76,000 U.S. documents related to the war in Afghanistan . An elusive figure , Assange reportedly lives part-time in Sweden . He told the Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet last week that he had been in Sweden because he wanted a safe-place to go after the high-profile document leak -- which has been called the biggest leak since the Pentagon Papers about the Vietnam War . U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates criticized the leak , saying it would have a significant negative impact on troops and allies , revealing techniques and procedures . And Afghan President Hamid Karzai has expressed concern that the leaks will put informants ' lives at risk . Asked Sunday by Al-Jazeera about Karzai 's comment that he has blood on his hands , Assange said it was "  extraordinary thing to hear , a comment like that , from a man like that , who has waded his whole life in blood . " He pointed out that the Pentagon has said it was not aware of anyone coming to harm because of the documents ' release . Another 15,000 documents are being reviewed and will be released soon , Assange said . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks founder wo n't say who he thinks is behind allegations Swedish authorities alleged rape in warrant , then revoked it Authorities said Assange 's name was leaked to the media WikiLeaks is at the center of controversy after posting U.S. documents
Even as authorities sort out the events that ended with a Virginia state senator stabbed and his son dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , mental health advocates warned Wednesday that a national shortage of beds for psychiatric patients could portend similar incidents . State Sen. Creigh Deeds was stabbed more than 10 times Tuesday after an altercation with his 24-year-old son , Austin "  Gus " Deeds , state police said . The younger man then shot himself , authorities said . "  This is such a crystal-clear example of the problem , " said Doris Fuller , executive director of the Virginia-based Treatment Advocacy Center . "  If Sen. Deeds were n't a public figure , we would n't be talking about this . The fact of the matter is that individuals and families and communities suffer every single day everywhere in this country because there are not sufficient acute facilities for people . " Deeds remained hospitalized Wednesday , but his condition was upgraded to good , authorities said . Deputies called to Deeds ' home day before fatal fight The stabbing came one day after the son was taken to a local hospital under an emergency custody order . Police confirmed that Gus Deeds was brought in by the local sheriff for evaluation by mental health professionals . The Richmond Times-Dispatch reported Tuesday that Gus Deeds received that evaluation , but he was released because no psychiatric bed could be found in the area . CNN has learned that at least three Virginia hospitals had psychiatric beds available the day before the stabbing and suicide . Officials at Western State , Rockingham Memorial and UVA Charlottesville hospitals told CNN on Wednesday beds were available , but they had not been contacted by medical personnel who evaluated the younger Deeds . The hospitals are within an hour or two from Bath County , where the incident occurred , but it was unclear whether those who had the initial contact with Gus Deeds reached out only to hospitals closer to Bath . In the wake of the stabbing , Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell ordered a review of state and area mental health services , according to his spokesman . "  The governor has directed the  state  secretary of Health and Human Resources to conduct a full internal review of the events leading up to Tuesday 's tragic situation , " said McDonnell spokesman Taylor Keeney . "  The secretary has already begun his assessment , working in cooperation with all relevant state and local authorities . We will have further comment on this review at the appropriate time . " Where are we putting our mentally ill ? The incident renewed public attention on a chronic shortage of beds for the mentally ill -- an alarming national trend that mental-health advocates say is responsible for a long list of violent acts . Research from the nonprofit Treatment Advocacy Center found that the number of state psychiatric beds decreased nationwide by 14 % from 2005 to 2010 . In 2005 , there were 50,509 state psychiatric beds , compared with 43,318 in 2010 . In 1960 , by comparison there were 535,000 public psychiatric beds nationwide . Fuller said a person with severe mental illness now is more likely to end up in jail or a state prison than a psychiatric hospital . "  This is a population with no voice , " Fuller of the advocacy center told CNN . "  The people who are sick enough to be committed to a hospital for care are not people who are voting , and they are not people who are a political constituency . They 're not a political priority . " A 90-day audit by the Virginia 's inspector general in 2012 termed the practice of releasing the mentally ill because of bed shortages "  streeting . " The audit found that "  72 individuals determined to meet the statutory criteria for temporary detention were denied access to inpatient psychiatric treatment " -- placing "  the person and his/her community at risk . " In Gus Deeds ' case , the young man was released after the mental evaluation Monday because no psychiatric bed could be located across a wide area of western Virginia , Dennis Cropper , executive director of the Rockbridge Area Community Services Board , told the Richmond Times-Dispatch on Tuesday . Cropper declined to comment on the specifics of the case but said not finding a bed was unusual for his agency . The recommendation is 50 beds per 100,000 people to provide the minimally adequate intensive care for people in crisis , Fuller on the Treatment Advocacy Center said . The state of Virginia averages 17.6 state psychiatric beds per 100,000 people , and "  that 's actually above average , " Fuller said . Arizona , for instance , has 4.1 state psychiatric beds per 100,000 people . England has 62 beds per 100,000 people . Mental health warning signs parents ca n't ignore A rapidly ticking clock on finding beds Cropper told CNN that under Virginia 's emergency custody order process , medical staff members have four hours to decide whether someone should be committed after the family petitions a court to order an evaluation . The clock starts when authorities deliver the patient for clinical evaluation . Physicians make a recommendation to the court after the evaluation . If a magistrate approves , medical staff search for an available hospital bed . "  In certain conditions , a two-hour extension is granted by a magistrate , but under no circumstances can a person be held beyond six hours involuntarily , " Cropper said in a statement . After 32 people were killed in the 2007 Virginia Tech shooting , Virginia lawmakers sought to overhaul the emergency-evaluation processes and increase funding for community mental-health services . But according to the Virginia-based National Alliance on Mental Illness , the state 's overall state mental-health budget decreased $ 37.7 million dollars from $ 424.3 million to $ 386.6 million from fiscal 2009 to fiscal 2012 . "  What you do n't have is sustainable funding , " said Mike Fitzpatrick , executive director of the alliance . "  A tragedy happens , the legislature reacts . You see this in other states then , over time , that 's chopped away and these services are n't available . " Fuller said the shortage of psychiatric beds dates back half a century to President John Kennedy 's signing of the Community Mental Health Act in 1963 . The goal was to shut down public psychiatric hospitals , replacing them with small community-based centers . "  It was a perfectly reasonable idea , except the community facilities were never built , " she said . "  The hospitals were closed , and the people who once got hospital treatment for the most part no longer do , and the beds are n't there , period . " Institutionalized -- in prisons "  We have an estimated 450,000 people with mental illness in jails and prisons today , " Fuller said . "  You sort of add up that we have 43,000 in beds and 450,000 in jails and prisons , and you 're almost back to the hospital bed number we had in 1960 -- except we 've just reinstitutionalized them . And , of course , if Gus Deeds had not killed himself , he would be today in jail . There was n't a hospital bed for him , but we would have found a cell for him . " At a forum on mental illness in Boston last month , Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius recounted the recent experiences of two people close to her dealing with mental health issues . The forum marked the 50th anniversary of Kennedy signing the community mental health act . "  It gave me a real snapshot into some of the challenges in both our mental health and substance abuse systems , " she said . "  I 'm the secretary of Health and Human Services . I know who to call . I know where the resources are . So if our friends and family had difficulty , I had a real snapshot into what people in communities deal with every day . " Gus Deeds withdrew from The College of William & Mary last month after being enrolled off-and-on since 2007 , according to a statement from the school . Cory Jessee , a high school and college classmate of Gus Deeds , said his friend was brainy and a talented bluegrass musician . He said those close to Deeds knew the family had sought professional help for him . "  I ca n't imagine him being conscious of what he was doing , " Jessee said of the assault . "  I knew his family was trying to get him help . Everyone did . "  I knew they had the means and the ability to search for stuff like that and put time into it . I was n't aware of how much time . " Feds boosting mental health access , treatment	Advocates warn that a national shortage of psychiatric beds could portend more violence Number of state psychiatric beds decreased by 14 % between 2005 and 2010 Virginia averages 17.6 state beds per 100,000 people , which is higher than average At least three Virginia hospitals had psychiatric beds one day before state senator stabbed
CNN  -- Sonia , a single mother with HIV in Brazil , travels four hours to reach a government-run health facility that provides her with free drug treatment . Brazil 's response to the HIV/AIDS fight has been widely praised and adopted as a model around the world . The journey is long , she told CNN , but it 's a small price to pay for the government-provided drugs that have helped keep her out of the hospital for the past 11 years . Sonia is just one of the many Brazilians who have benefited from the country 's novel approach to fighting the HIV/AIDS epidemic . Brazil jolted the global health community in 1996 when it began guaranteeing free anti-retroviral treatment to HIV/AIDS patients . For Sonia , government-funded treatment comes in the form of 20 pills . Taken daily , the anti-retroviral medicine has helped keep her HIV at bay . Coupled with government-supported prevention efforts and aggressive public awareness campaigns , the so-called Brazilian response has been hailed as a model for developing countries . Watch a report on Brazil 's pioneering response to HIV/AIDS " Prevention campaigns , which often take the forms of candid public awareness ads with slogans like "  Be good in bed , use a condom , " have resulted in widespread knowledge of HIV . According to a recent study conducted by the country 's Ministry of Health , Brazil boasts one of the highest rates of knowledge globally when it comes to HIV avoidance and transmittal . Brazil was "  the first country to realize there is no separation between prevention and treatment , " Mauro Schechter , professor of infectious diseases at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro , told CNN . Schechter , who has studied the HIV/AIDS epidemic since 1989 , said it took the rest of the global health community some 15 years to realize that the two go hand-in-hand . Other countries that have adopted the Brazilian model " The comprehensive response has extended the lives of tens of thousands of Brazilians and saved the government billions , researchers estimate . A recent study published by researchers from Brown University and the Harvard School of Public Health said that Brazil has saved $ 1 billion alone by producing its own generic versions of HIV/AIDS medicines and negotiating discounts for imported drugs . Those drug savings come on top of the estimated $ 2 billion the program has saved Brazil in hospital costs between 1996 and 2004 . Brazil 's efforts to reverse the tide of the AIDS epidemic have become the object of admiration in the global health community , but the trailblazer is encountering new challenges . When Brazil decided to guarantee free anti-retrovirals , there were 10,000 people being treated and it was organized as a program to treat a small amount of people for a limited amount of time , according to Schechter . Patients are living longer and oftentimes able to get their disease under control , thanks to combination therapies , better known as drug cocktails . But that means they also require drug treatment for a longer period of time . Furthermore , as HIV has evolved from an acute illness into a chronic disease , patients have also become vulnerable to other health risks and medical conditions . Valdileia Veloso is the director of the Institute of Clinical Research at the Oswaldo Cruz Foundation , a public health research institution in Rio de Janeiro . She told CNN patients are presenting with complications of chronic HIV and AIDS , which requires new treatment . "  It 's a new challenge for us , " she said . Heart disease is one of the big problems that doctors are encountering . While there 's a system in place to prevent people from dying from HIV , preventable causes like heart conditions are causing deaths . "  These people are dying from preventable causes , " Schechter told CNN . While Brazil has shown that providing universal access to treatment can be achieved , it needs to modify its approach to treat the evolving disease , he said . "  If the epidemic changes face , you need to adapt . "	Brazil has been hailed as a leader in the fight against the HIV/AIDS epidemic Government started offering free anti-retroviral treatment to its citizens in 1996 As more people live longer with HIV/AIDS , Brazil faces new challenges Patients of the chronic illness susceptible to new health risks , doctors say
EW.com  -- "  Nashville , " the best-reviewed new drama of the fall , premiered to solid ratings Wednesday night , while The CW 's new action-drama "  Arrow " set a record for the network . ABC 's country music drama delivered 9 million viewers and a 2.8 rating among adults 18-49 . That 's enough to win the hour in the adult demo , topping CBS ' "  CSI "  10.6 million , 2.6  and the premiere of NBC 's new series "  Chicago Fire "  6.4 million , 1.9  . But "  Nashville " was down 15 percent from the launch of "  Revenge " in this slot last year . NBC 's fire-fighting drama was largely panned by critics and had a disappointing launch , down 21 percent from the debut of "  Law & Order : SVU " in this slot last fall .  "  Nashville " averaged a score of 84 on Metacritic while "  Chicago Fire " had a 49  . Yet here 's something interesting : Of the three dramas in the hour , the Connie Britton series had the weakest audience retention from its first half to its second . "  Chicago Fire " did n't shed any of its demo rating between its half hours â $ " which is pretty rare for a show premiering this late at night . Nashville may have a bigger rating , but "  Chicago Fire " did a better job of keeping viewers in their seat . Another key debut last night : The CW 's "  Arrow '  4 million , 1.3 rating  got off to a fine start . This may not be a huge demo rating for the network , but "  Arrow " marks The CW 's most-watched series debut in total viewers since "  The Vampire Diaries " in 2009 . The CW 's mission this season is to attract a broader audience than just the "  Gossip Girl " / "  90210 " female 18-34 crowd , and hitting 4 million viewers certainly helps . The performance is also impressive considering the network 's numbers have been soft the past couple weeks . It 's always tougher to jump start a cold engine . "  Arrow " also gave "  Supernatural "  2.6 million , 1.0  a boost at 9 p.m. , spiking the veteran drama to its biggest audience in two years . ` Arrow ' debut : Its aim is true Fox topped the night in the adult demo thanks to a steady "  The X-Factor "  9.4 million , 3.4  . CBS was second with "  Survivor "  9.6 million , 2.6  and "  Criminal Minds "  11.4 million , 3.0  . ABC had "  The Middle "  7.8 million , 2.4  , up 9 percent , and "  The Neighbors "  6.3 million , 1.9  , steady . They were followed by a double tap of Modern Family  12 million , 4.7 and 12.2 million , 4.9  , down between 11 and 15 percent . ` Parks and Rec ' : Christie Brinkley in as ... The Neighbors has clearly emerged as the weak link in the network 's Wednesday comedy chain , but last night also suggested the show might be stabilizing since it did not drop this week . This puts ABC in a tough position . The aliens-next-door sitcom does n't have a terrible number by this fall 's standards , but you do n't want to have anything potentially dragging down your top-rated comedy , "  Modern Family . " NBC also had "  Animal Practice "  3.9 million , 1.1  , Guys With Kids  4.2 million , 1.4  and "  SVU "  6.2 million , 1.8  . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Nashville " premiered to solid ratings on Wednesday night ABC 's country music drama delivered 9 million viewers The CW 's new action-drama "  Arrow " set a record for the network
CNN  -- The crew of the drill rig Deepwater Horizon may have been overworked and short of key personnel before the explosion that unleashed the worst oil spill in U.S. history , a leading Democratic congressman suggested Tuesday . Payroll records show that 20 crewmen -- including seven of the 11 who died on the rig -- had worked a 24-hour shift six days before the explosion , Rep. Nick Rahall wrote in a letter to Steven Newman , CEO of rig owner Transocean Ltd. . Rig workers typically work 12-hour days . And records showed only 18 people at work on the second shift on April 20 , the night of the explosion , "  with zero engineers , electricians , mechanics or subsea supervisors listed in the report , " he added . "  Although these reports do not provide a complete picture of who exactly was working during the time of the explosion and in the days leading up to it , when combined with the ongoing BP internal investigation that suggests that inattentiveness may have been a contributing factor in the disaster , I have serious questions about whether enough people were working on the night of April 20 to adequately handle the complex operations that were being performed , or if crew fatigue caused by extended shifts may have played a role , " wrote Rahall , D-West Virginia , the chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee . Rahall called on the company to give his committee more detailed logs and a further explanation of its staffing -- a request Transocean said it would meet . But Transocean said no worker put in a 24-hour day , and the documents Rahall cited did n't tell the whole picture . Daily drilling reports track operations and "  certain personnel , " it said , "  but does not use them to catalog complete crew shifts or the actual hours worked by each crewmember . " "  At the time of the accident , the Deepwater Horizon and its crew had compiled seven consecutive years of operations without a single lost-time safety incident , " the company said in a written statement . "  The vessel was properly and professionally manned ; there was no shortage of technical expertise , nor did any crewmember work a 24-hour shift . " CNN was given access to individual time sheets that appear to back up Transocean 's claim that no employees worked 24-hour shifts on April 14 -- six days before the explosion that eventually sank the rig . And other documents reviewed by CNN seem to indicate that additional salaried workers may have been on the job that do n't show up on time sheets , possibly refuting the committee 's claim the rig was shortstaffed on April 20 . Transocean , well owner BP and oilfield services contractor Halliburton have blamed each other for the disaster that followed the explosion . The undersea well the rig was drilling has been gushing up to 19,000 barrels  798,000 gallons  of crude a day into the Gulf of Mexico since late April . Rahall 's committee is one of several in both houses of Congress to hold hearings into the spill , which now dwarfs 1989 's Exxon Valdez disaster . In addition , a presidential commission and a Coast Guard-Interior Department board in Louisiana are investigating . BP reported problems controlling the well and won a delay in testing a critical piece of equipment in March , according to documents released in late May . Stephen Stone , a laborer on the doomed rig , told the House Judiciary Committee that drilling had to stop four times in three weeks because of the loss of drilling fluid , "  either because the underground formation was unstable or because drilling too quickly caused the formation to crack . " The well was five weeks behind schedule , and some of the survivors have told CNN that BP cut corners and pushed ahead with the well despite safety concerns . In addition , Doug Brown , the rig 's chief mechanic , told the Judiciary Committee that BP and Transocean managers argued over drill plans the day of the explosion and that cuts to Deepwater Horizon 's engineering staff left the crew with a backlog of preventive maintenance to perform .	New : Transocean documents appear to refute lawmaker 's claims Owner says documents do n't tell whole story Says rig staffed "  properly and professionally " Congressman raises "  serious questions " about staffing
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraq 's civilian death toll lingered at more than 4,000 for the third straight year in 2011 , a sign of the country 's "  persistent low-level conflict , " according to a public online database . A total of 4,063 civilians died violent deaths in 2011 , according to the Iraq Body Count website . The figure is only a slight change from site 's tally of 4,045 civilian deaths in 2010 and down by 650 from its 2009 number . "  There has now been no noticeable downward trend since mid-2009 , " the site reported in an analysis released Monday . "  As observed in IBC 's previous annual report , recent trends indicate a persistent low-level conflict in Iraq that will continue to kill civilians at a similar rate for years to come . " Iraq Body Count is an independent public database that uses media reports as well as figures from hospitals , morgues , nongovernmental organizations and official statements . Official Iraqi government figures are typically lower , and getting an accurate picture of the Iraq war toll is difficult at best . The site has tracked Iraqi civilian deaths since the U.S. invasion in March 2003 . Though the war 's bloodiest years were 2006 and 2007 , sporadic attacks on government installations , civilians and other targets continued throughout 2011 . For example , a suicide car bomber hit the entrance to Baghdad 's heavily fortified Interior Ministry compound on December 26 , killing at least five people and wounding more than three dozen others . And nearly 70 people were killed and 200-plus wounded in a string of bombings that targeted mixed Sunni-Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad four days earlier . While the number of Iraqis killed by U.S. and allied forces has declined since 2009 , when American troops pulled back from Iraq 's cities , "  the rate caused by Iraqi state forces has increased , " the site noted . Deaths attributed to Iraqi soldiers and police rose to 140 in 2011 , up from 96 the previous year , it reported . Iraq Body Count says between 104,000 and 114,000 Iraqi civilians have died since 2003 . The last American troops left Iraq in December , and the site noted that "  time will tell " whether the U.S. pullout will affect the numbers . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Iraq Body Count says 4,063 Iraqi civilians were killed in 2011 Figures from 2009-2011 indicate Iraq faces a "  persistent low-level conflict " The website says up to 114,000 Iraqi civilians have died since 2003
The words "  welcome to Leith " are etched on two wooden boards , nailed to a pair of poles stuck in the grassy North Dakota prairie . With wildflowers immediately to the front , a dirt road yards away and a few stray buildings and trees in the distance , the sign seems appropriately simple for the tiny town . Yet in the last few weeks , Leith has become anything but simple . Paul Craig Cobb wants to transform the town 70 miles southwest of Bismarck into a community that mirrors his white supremacist views . He did so quietly at first , asking residents whether their land was for sale . But recent reports from The New York Times and the Southern Poverty Law Center exposed his mission and turned it into a national story . In an interview with The New York Times , Cobb said he hoped his plans in Leith would "  excite " white people and "  give them confidence because we 're being deracinated in our own country . " "  We 've been very , very tolerant about these major sociological changes , " he said , according to the paper . Stuck in the middle is Leith 's lone black resident , Bobby Harper . He 's known Leith as a nice , peaceful place where "  everybody got along , we basically could leave our doors unlocked , and there was no fear that nobody wanting to harm us . " Thanks to Cobb , Harper now feels under threat , and he said his townsfolk do , too . "  If he ca n't love his fellow man , then we ask God to help him with something , " Harper said Friday about Cobb . "  Because I 'm not very happy , and the people in this town are n't very happy . " Leith is part of Grant County , which according to its official website is North Dakota 's third largest county by land mass at more than 1 million acres . While the communities once buzzed with activity from nearby railroads , nowadays it 's decidedly more quiet . That certainly was true of Leith . The U.S. Census bureau says it has a population of 16 people , though other estimates run higher -- though not beyond 25 residents . Among them is Harper 's wife , Sherrill . Her mother grew up in Leith and , today , she and her husband call it home . "  I have roots in this town , " she told CNN 's John Berman on Friday night , alongside Bobby . "  I have a reason to be here . " Sherill Harper recalls running into Cobb last year and he asked her if she had property for sale . She said no . Bobby Harper said Cobb asked him the same question . "  He has the audacity to even ask me for information to buy land , and his intentions were to harm my way of life ? " he said . " ... That 's very , very uncomfortable for me . " How successful was Cobb , who is wanted in Canada on hate speech charges , in buying up the town ? The Harpers say that residents have been overwhelmingly supportive of them . But the Southern Poverty Law Center notes that white nationalist April Gaede and her husband claimed , on an online message board , to have property in the town . So , too , has Jeff Schoep -- commander of the Nationalist Socialist Movement , which he describes as the "  largest pro-white organization " in the United States "  involved in the struggle for white civil rights . " In an open letter to Leith Mayor Ryan Schock , Schoep announced that he and members of his group would be heading to Leith on September 22 and 23 with "  a simple message that Craig Cobb will NOT be ousted from the community . " "  Craig is not breaking any laws or ordinances , and has a right to reside in Leith just as any other American does , " Schoep writes , just before mentioning how he owns an old meat packing/creamery building in town . He adds later , "  If anything , you should see this for what it is , a chance at revitalizing a community . " These comments have been echoed on white nationalist online message boards such as WhiteNations.com and Stormfront . Posters there have applauded Cobb for "  doing a great job " and jibing critics as "  laughable , pathetic what this country has come to . " The Harpers have felt their wrath , including a letter they received Friday that read , in part : "  I want you to leave your "  husband " and go join Mr. Cobb 's movement . Do it now ! Separation of the races forever ! " The target of that missive , Sherrill Harper , says that 's just one of many she 's received calling her a "  filthy , race-mixing white woman " and "  pea-brained . " "  It made me afraid , " she said . "  If his goal is to just have only white people here , where do my husband and I go ? " Sherrill has nothing but kind words for her neighbors , but that does n't mean she knows what to do or how this story will end . She admits , "  I think we 're unsure as to what to do . We 'll just have to wait and see . " Cobb said his friends have bought or acquired some of his plots , but he does not know when they will move to the town . South African town accused of keeping apartheid alive	Leith , North Dakota , is a town of a few dozen people , only one of whom is black Paul Craig Cobb has been trying to turn it into a white nationalist community The town 's lone black resident and his wife feel threatened and uncertain
KURUTHU , India  CNN  -- In a single , tragic day , Chandrasekhar Sankurathri lost everything he loved . More than 137,000 cataract surgeries have been performed at Chandrasekhar Sankurathri 's eye hospital . "  Nobody should go through what I 've been through in my life , " he says . Sankurathri 's wife and two young children were flying on Air India Flight 182 from Ottawa , Canada , to Bombay , India  now known as Mumbai  , in 1985 when a bomb exploded , killing everyone on board . "  I used to think maybe they landed someplace . Maybe somebody rescued them , you know , " he says . For three years he stumbled through his daily routine as a biologist in Ottawa , not wanting to believe the truth . "  I was really lost , " he remembers . After considerable soul-searching , Sankurathri made a decision few others might -- to turn his personal pain into an opportunity to help those less fortunate . In 1988 , he quit his job , sold his home and returned to India , where he was born , and where he believed he could do the most good . "  India has so many problems , " says Sankurathri , 64 . Two in particular caught his attention : a lack of school attendance and rampant blindness . With the money he had , Sankurathri created a foundation in his wife 's name , and in turn , built a school and an eye hospital in the small rural village of Kuruthu , not far from his wife 's birthplace . Today , his foundation 's efforts to empower the poor through education and health care are having significant success . Since it 's creation in 1992 , Sarada School -- named for the 4-year-old daughter Sankurathri lost -- has grown from one grade to nine . More than 1,200 students have graduated and many of them have gone on to high school and college . Sankurathri keeps in touch with past students . "  We act like a big family , " he says . In a country where the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization estimates the national primary school dropout rate is more than 50 percent , Sankurathri proudly says that not one of his students has ever dropped out . Watch Sankurathri talk about the school he started in memory of his family " The same buses that pick up students for Sankurathri 's school in the morning are often used later in the day to bring eye care patients from other rural areas to the Srikiran Institute of Ophthalmology , Sankurathri 's eye hospital , named for the 7-year-old son he lost . Since the hospital 's opening in 1993 , more than 137,000 cataract surgeries have been performed , 90 percent of them free . "  We see close to 350 outpatients a day and perform 80 surgeries per day , " he says . "  Our mission is to provide quality eye care with compassion , which is equitable , accessible and affordable to all . " But Sankurathri has found that getting patients the care they need often requires educating the public first . "  In India , people are so ignorant . They think cataract blindness is not curable , " he says . "  They are not aware that it is curable and that it is a simple operation . " In fact , about 75 percent of India 's estimated 15 million blind people could avoid blindness with prevention or medical treatment , according to Vision 2020 India . Sankurathri is amazed and delighted by the transformation that occurs after each cataract surgery . Watch Sankurathri explain how he is helping the blind to see again " "  Just within a few hours , you make their lives totally different , " he says . "  Their whole life changes -- the way they walk , they act , they smile . " The goal , Sankurathri says , is not only to help the blind see again , but also to lead a better life . Sankurathri has been back in India for almost 20 years . He insists his work does not make him special . "  I 'm just an ordinary human being trying to do my best to help others . " Watch Sankurathri explain how he turned his personal grief into the gift of sight for thousands " He also believes his journey to honor those he loved has not been a solitary one . "  I feel very close to my family . I feel they are here with me " he says . "  That gives me a lot of strength . "	Chandrasekhar Sankurathri 's wife and children were killed in an airplane bombing The loss inspired him to help with blindness and education in a rural Indian village More than 1,200 students have gone through a school his foundation built Most of more than 137,000 cataract surgeries at his eye hospital have been free
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 435 patients , mostly children , have died this year from encephalitis in one of India 's most impoverished regions , health officials said . Most of the deaths happened between August and September , according to K.P. Kushwaha , chief pediatrician at BRD Medical College and Nehru Hospital in Uttar Pradesh state 's Gorakhpur district . Some 30 to 35 people are being diagnosed daily with the infection in Gorakhpur , he said . The outbreaks are common in the district , near India 's border with Nepal . Encephalitis is an inflammation of the brain , primarily caused by food and drink contamination and mosquito bites . The very young and the elderly are more likely to have a severe case , according to the U.S. National Library of Medicine . As many as 500 people died last year in the region from the disease , Kushwaha said . In 2009 , India reported 774 fatalities from encephalitis , including 556 in Uttar Pradesh , federal data shows .	Some 30 to 35 people are being diagnosed daily with the infection in the Gorakhpur district Encephalitis is an inflammation of the brain It is primarily caused by food and drink contamination and mosquito bites The very young and the elderly are more likely to have a severe case
CNN  -- Rubbished , reviled , rejected . Rafa . As he posed on the Amsterdam Arena pitch with the glistening Europa League trophy in his hand , Rafael Benitez might have wondered what all the fuss had been about . Branislav Ivanovic 's dramatic late winner secured a 2-1 win victory over Benfica and left Chelsea 's interim manager with every right to feel proud . When he replaced Champions League-winning coach Roberto Di Matteo last November , he was welcomed into a cauldron of hate by Chelsea supporters . Despised by those in blue following his time with Liverpool , the new interim manager was mercilessly mocked , abused and verbally attacked in the stands and on radio phone-in shows . Perhaps more respect should have been afforded to a man who had led Liverpool to Champions League glory in 2005 and Valencia to La Liga success in 2002 and 2004 . Instead , banners proclaimed "  We 're just not interim " were unfurled , and Benitez was left to fight an uphill battle against those who detested his very presence on the touchline at Stamford Bridge . But after securing Champions League football for next season and claiming the Europa League trophy , perhaps he will even be afforded a warm goodbye when he relinquishes his role after Sunday 's game against Everton . Benitez 's latest triumph comes just two months after his infamous rant at the club 's supporters following his side 's FA Cup victory at second division side Middlesbrough . His attack on those who had delighted in criticizing his tenure may have raised eyebrows and earned him a censure from the club 's board , but it finally showed who was in charge . Popularity has never been important to the Spaniard . But Benitez helped Chelsea salvage a season which had threatened to fall apart after it became the first ever defending title holder to drop out of the Champions League at the group stage . The Blues became the first team to win Europe 's top prize and then its secondary competition in successive seasons , though Porto managed the feat in reverse order before coach Jose Mourinho -- widely tipped to rejoin Chelsea -- moved to Stamford Bridge in 2004 . A third-place finish and victory in the Europa League is more than respectable for Benitez , who was forced to swim against a tide of hate from the very start . He is just the second man after Giovanni Trapattoni to win the competition with two different clubs following his triumph with Valencia in 2004 when it was known as the UEFA Cup . All that , despite being faced with placards and posters calling for his head and being vilified at every opportunity . In the end , as he stood facing the Chelsea fans with the silverware in his hands , he could afford a little smile . If Jose Mourinho is the man to come in , then at least Benitez can be content with leaving his old adversary with a winning team . "  That was a great performance in the second half , against a very good team , " Benitez told ITV following the victory . "  I 'm really pleased for the players and everyone involved . "  We did n't have the legs in the first half , so we had to adapt . They players have worked so hard , all season . I am proud - it was not easy . I 'm really pleased , really proud . " It could have been different had Chelsea 's opponent , Benfica , managed to take some of the chances afforded to it on a night of drama . Benfica began the brighter of the two , its players producing some sumptuous one-touch football which left Chelsea chasing shadows . As in Munich 12 months ago , Chelsea spent much of the first half ensconced in its own half , desperately trying to prevent the Portuguese side from making the breakthrough it so badly craved . But for all the wonderful flowing football , Benfica 's deficiencies in front of goal were all too evident as it failed to convert any of the chances which came its way . Instead , it was Chelsea in a rare foray into the Benfica half which almost took the lead seven minutes before the break when Frank Lampard 's rasping effort was clawed away by Artur . That scare appeared to reinvigorate Benfica and the Portuguese side almost moved ahead just minutes after the restart . Nicolas Gaitan found space on the right and his exquisite cross was headed home by Oscar Cardozo -- only for his celebrations to be cut short by an offside flag . While the decision was the correct one , Cardozo was millimeters offside , it was the source of much frustration to a Benfica side which quickly found itself behind . There appeared little trouble when Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech threw the ball out towards Juan Mata and when he failed to take control , Fernando Torres nipped in to run at the Benfica defense and coolly slot the ball home . To its credit , Benfica refused to buckle and Jorge Jesus ' side hit back within nine minutes to level when Cardozo fired home from the penalty spot following a handball by Cesar Azpilicueta . Buoyed by its equalizer , Benfica pushed forward in search of a winner and Cech produced a fine save to push Cardozo 's fierce drive over the crossbar . But while the red shirts poured forward , Chelsea looked dangerous on the break and Frank Lampard came within inches of winning the tie after his rasping 20-yard effort smashed against the crossbar with two minutes remaining . The game appeared destined for extra time with the scores still level going into the final minute of stoppage time . But after Ramires won a corner on the Chelsea right , Ivanovic rose highest to meet Mata 's corner and head a dramatic winner . "  It 's a great feeling , " Ivanovic told ITV . "  This team deserved this , because we have had a very difficult season and a lot of games . "  In the end , today was a very hard game and Benfica played very well . But we scored from set pieces and work very hard preparing that part of our game . We deserve that trophy . " It was fitting that Ivanovic should score the winner after he was forced to miss last year 's Champions League final triumph over Bayern Munich through suspension . Frank Lampard , who became the club 's record goalscorer last weekend after taking his tally to 203 , was quick to praise the Serbia defender and reveal he is close to signing a new contract . "  It 's been an amazing time for all of us involved , " he told ITV . "  Talk about ups and downs in the last two years ! But this is a big up . We 're a group , a team , and it was tight tonight after the long season we 've had . "  No-one deserves this more than Ivanovic -- he has been fantastic . You make your own luck , and we stick together in this group . The club deserve it . "  I really , really hope to be around next year . With a game tonight and coming up we have n't sat down and signed anything , but I really hope so and things are looking good . The club have been brilliant . " For Torres , it means he is now a reigning World Cup winner , European Championship winner , Champions League winner and Europa League winner -- the first for any player . "  I am very happy , " the Spain international told ITV . "  It was a very tough game , and Benfica were much better in the first half . The first half was not good enough at all . We really wanted to win this Europe League , and maybe this was going to be our only chance . " This defeat caps a miserable week for Benfica , which looks set to lose out on the Portuguese league title following a dramatic late defeat by rival Porto . Benfica has now lost its past seven major European Cup finals -- all of which have come since being hit by the infamous "  Bela Guttmann curse " . Guttmann , a Hungarian coach , led Benfica to glory in the European Cup , winning the competition in 1961 and 1962 . But after his request for a pay rise was turned down by the newly elected president Antonio Carlos Cabral Fezas Vital , Guttmann placed a curse on the club and declared it would not win the European Cup for another 100 years . Not even the great Eusebio , one of Benfica 's most famous sons , was able to help lift the curse when he visited Guttmann 's grave before Benfica 's defeat in the 1990 European Cup final . The curse appears to now include Europe 's second trophy -- much to the dismay of the club 's manager Jesus . "  The Benfica fans were better than the Chelsea fans , " Jesus told a press conference . "  They deserved a Benfica victory for their passion and their feelings and the patriotism they showed . "  This defeat is difficult for me because of the Benfica fans . For most of the 93 minutes , Benfica was always better than Chelsea . "	Chelsea wins the Europa League following 2-1 win over Benfica Branislav Ivanovic scored in the final minute of stoppage time Fernando Torres had given Chelsea the lead on 59 minutes Oscar Cardozo equalized from penalty spot before late Ivanovic winner
CNN  -- Possible tornadoes cut a wide swath through north Texas on Wednesday night , killing at least six people and injuring more than 100 others , officials said . There were "  multiple fatalities " in the wake of the storm that touched down in Granbury , said Kathy Jividen , a spokeswoman for the Hood County sheriff 's office . Hood County Sheriff Roger Deeds said six people were killed when the powerful storm struck a Habitat for Humanity neighborhood in the area . There were about 120 homes in the neighborhood and most of them were destroyed , Deeds said . About 100 people were injured , said Matt Zavadsky , a spokesman for MedStar Mobile Healthcare . He said the tornado touched down several times in Hood , Tarrant , Dallas and Parker counties . "  With these types of tornadoes , they touch down ; they lift up ; they touch down . They tend to hopscotch , " he said . "  This is truly breaking news , and again the darkness does n't help , but the crews on scene are doing a really good job to try and reach out to the folks that might be trapped or unable to get to a shelter or the triage area . " There were reports of homes in Granbury being flattened with people inside , Hood County Judge Darrell Cockerham said . Donna Martin , a worker at a local veteran 's organization , said some suffered injures . "  There are a lot of traumatic injuries , " Martin said . "  My husband told me that a car was lifted in the air . It just came in and hit so fast " City officials were sending school buses to affected neighborhoods to help with evacuations . The National Weather Service warned that a mile-wide tornado reported by spotters had shifted its track and was moving "  right at the city of Cleburne , " a community of about 15,000 people in north Texas . "  If you are in its path ... take cover immediately to protect your life , " the weather service alert said . The National Weather Service also said 32 counties in Texas and four in Oklahoma were under a tornado watch until 1 a.m. CT. . Officials had n't confirmed that a tornado actually touched down in Dallas but said the storm was capable of producing one . CNN 's Dave Alsup , Chandler Friedman and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report	"  The darkness does n't help , " spokesman says Weather officials say a thunderstorm capable of producing a tornado hit Dallas Watches are in effect for 32 counties
CNN  -- Twitter users may value brevity in their messages , but that does n't mean they do n't think about the social implications of language . Is this sign sexist ? Some say our language should be more inclusive of both genders . "  Ca n't we English-speakers just agree upon a gender-neutral pronoun ? " attorney Paul Easton recently Twittered . "  Tired of PC grammar gymnastics . " Easton is n't alone . There have been at least 18 recent tweets about the fact that English has no grammatically correct substitutes for words like "  he , " "  him , " and "  his " that do not have a gender implied . Consider the sentence "  Everyone loves his mother . " The word "  his " may be seen as both sexist and inaccurate , but replacing it with "  his or her " seems cumbersome , and "  their " is grammatically incorrect . "  I find myself spending a lot of time reworking or obsessing over sentences to avoid sexist language , and wonder why we settled on these burdensome conventions rather than popularizing a gender-neutral pronoun , " Easton said in an e-mail . It turns out that an English speaker 's mind ca n't instantly adopt an imposed new gender-neutral system of pronouns , linguists say . A sudden change in the system of pronouns or other auxiliary words in any language is very difficult to achieve . That 's because pronouns are "  function words , " which connect words and phrases but do not have "  content " meanings . While new nouns like "  cyberspace " and verbs like "  to google " become widespread fairly quickly -- and people often come up with synonyms for "  cool " -- it 's much more difficult to introduce or change function words . The mind just wo n't incorporate them . "  The function words form a closed club that resists new members , " Harvard University linguist Steven Pinker writes in his book "  The Language Instinct . " Proposals for gender-neutral pronouns in English began cropping up in the 19th century -- not for reasons of equality , but for the sake of grammatical correctness , said Dennis Baron , professor of English and linguistics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign . More than 100 such proposals , including "  thon " and "  ip , " have arisen , and none of them has stuck . It was n't until the 1970s that the issue became about equality for women , Baron said . Today , Internet forums such as Twitter are buzzing about why English does n't have a good substitute for "  they , " and what could be done about it . Transgender groups have also taken an interest in the topic -- in fact , the Trans@MIT at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has a gender-neutral pronoun system in its Allies Toolkit . If there were a deeply felt need for gender-neutral pronouns , they would arise naturally and become widespread through popular culture rather than through an educational or governmental mandate , Baron said . But , for now , many people continue to write the phrase "  him or her . " iReport.com : Sneak a peek at a ` Tweetup ' gathering of Twitter users "  Does it make our culture less sexist ? Probably not . But it 's a nice gesture , " he said . Signs of sensitivity While everyone knows that "  men at work " means "  people working , " studies have shown that gendered words do make a difference in how we perceive things , said Kathryn Campbell-Kibler , assistant professor of linguistics at The Ohio State University . "  If you ask children to draw ` cavemen , ' they do draw cave men , " she said . The issue has public policy implications , too . In response to a complaint from a local magazine editor , the public works commissioner for Atlanta , Georgia , replaced 50 "  Men Working " signs with signs that said "  Workers Ahead " last year and encouraged contractors to use only the gender-neutral signs , said spokeswoman Valerie Bell-Smith . Replacing the signs cost less than $ 1,000 total , she said . "  There are many women who work in public works , and we want to be respectful and sensitive to the fact that they 're out there , too , doing the hard construction work , " she said . iReport.com : Share your ` tweeting ' tips , tech obsessions Cindy Scott Day , a writer from Granger , Indiana , who recently Twittered about gender-neutral pronouns , said words like "  mailman " and "  fireman " have fallen out of use , in favor of "  mail carrier " and "  firefighter . " The "  biggest dilemma " is the gender-specific pronoun  he or she  issue , she said . The words that stay , the words that go The pronouns "  I " and "  we " are some of the most ancient words , supporting the idea that function words are very resistant to change . New research from Britain suggests that these words , along with the numbers one , two , three and five , have been fairly consistent for thousands of years . Researchers used a supercomputer to look at how words have been used throughout the centuries across the Indo-European family , which includes English , the Romance languages , the Slavic languages , and Indian tongues such as Hindi . An obvious example of the preservation of an ancient word is "  two . " In Spanish it 's "  dos , " in Slovak it 's "  dva , " in Farsi it 's "  do " and in Hindi it 's "  do " -- all of which are strikingly similar ways of denoting the number two . "  We could time travel and have very limited conversation , " said Mark Pagel , evolutionary biologist at the University of Reading in the United Kingdom , who led the study . "  We really believe that we can probably go back 20,000 years with those really , really old words . " Adjectives and verbs , on the other hand , change much more rapidly . The first one to go extinct will be the adjective "  dirty , " which will cease to be used to mean "  unclean " in 750 years , Pagel said . Other candidates for extinction are the verbs to "  turn , " "  push , " stab , " "  squeeze , " and "  throw . " "  To push " will likely go out of use in 850 years , Pagel said . That 's because these words have a very high rate of change , according to the computer model . Try translating them into other Indo-European languages , and you come up with very different results . For instance , already there are 46 unrelated ways of saying "  dirty " in the Indo-European languages , a clear signal that in English it will fall out of use relatively quickly .	Linguists : Pronouns are more resistant to change than verbs , nouns The city of Atlanta removed 50 "  Men Working " signs last year Some of the most ancient words are "  I , " "  we , " "  two , " "  three , " and "  five " The word "  dirty " will go out of use as the way to say "  unclean " in 750 years
CNN  -- Chen Guangcheng , activist Q : Why did you change your mind about staying in China ? A : I think it 's time for me to make such a choice . Q : Why ? A : For safety . Q : Fear for your life or your family 's ? A : Both . Chinese activist tells CNN : ` We are in danger ' Q : What would happen if you stay in China ? A : Anything could happen . Q : U.S. officials said you looked optimistic when you walked out of the embassy , what happened ? A : At the time I did n't have a lot of information . I was n't allowed to call my friends from inside the embassy . I could n't keep up with news so I did n't know a lot of things that were happening . Q : What prompted your change of heart ? A : The embassy kept lobbying me to leave and promised to have people stay with me in the hospital . But this afternoon as soon as I checked into the hospital room , I noticed they were all gone . Q : Has the U.S. disappointed you ? A : I 'm very disappointed at the U.S. government . Q : Why ? A : I do n't think  U.S. officials  protected human rights in this case . Q : What would you say to U.S. President Obama ? A : I would like to say to  President Obama  : Please do everything you can to get our whole family out . Q : Is this your most urgent wish ? A : That 's right . Q : What has your wife told you after you escaped ? A :  My wife  was tied to a chair by police for two days . Then they carried sticks to our home , threatening to beat her to death . Now they have moved into the house -- eating at our table and using our stuff . Our home is teeming with security -- on the roof and in the yard . They have installed seven surveillance cameras inside the house and built electric fences around the yard . Q : What did officials tell her if you did n't leave the embassy ? A : They said they would send her back  to Shandong  and people there would beat her . Q : If you stay in China , is there no future ? A : I tend to think so . Q : You learned most information in the hospital after you left the embassy ? A : Yes , most of it . Q : Are your wife and kids with you ? A : Yes . I just switched my cell phone back on . For a while , I could n't make or receive calls . Now I can receive calls but still ca n't dial out . I feel my rights are already being violated . Q : Is it true no one from the embassy picked up your calls ? A : Yes . I called two embassy people numerous times . Q : What do you want to say to the U.S. government ? A : I want them to protect human rights through concrete actions . We are in danger . If you can talk to Hillary  Clinton  , I hope she can help my whole family leave China . Q : As soon as possible ? A : Yes , as soon as possible . Q : The whole world is watching you -- how do you feel about this ? A : I feel very grateful . I feel they are sincere in their concern , not just for show . Q : Do you feel you were lied to by the embassy ? A : I feel a little like that . Q : What has this ordeal taught you ? A : I feel everyone focuses too much on their self-interest at the expense of their credibility . Q : You 're both still up at 3 a.m. -- feeling anxious ? A : Yes , we feel a lot of anxiety ... . I told the embassy I would like to talk to Rep. Smith  Congressman Chris Smith  but they somehow never managed to arrange it . I feel a little puzzled . Yuan Weijing , Chen Guangcheng 's wife Q : What do you want right now ? A : After seeing the reality , we both want to leave this place with our kids as soon as possible . It 's very dangerous for us . Q : Has the situation gotten worse since his escape ? A : Yes , worse . Q : What happened to you after he escaped -- where is his mother ? A : She 's still back home and others have moved in . It used to be plainclothes security hired locally but now it 's all policemen . They 've threatened to cut our power . They are also digging something outside our yard . It seems that they 'll install something there . Q : What happened when they took you into custody after his escape ? A : They wanted to know how exactly he escaped . Guangcheng is blind and we hired so many guards , how did we lose him and what exactly would he do once he was out ? Q : Is China the kind of country you want to bring your children up ? A : After Guangcheng got out , the government was persuading me to stay here . But they were also tightening their grip on me . I became really worried . If they ever get us back home , they would put us in an iron cage . Q : What would you say to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton ? A : I know Sino-U.S. relations encompass many issues and they have to consider many things . But the reality about my family is that our lives are in obvious danger . If we stay here or get sent back to Shandong , our lives would be at stake . Under such circumstances , I hope the U.S. government will protect us and help us leave China based on its value of protecting human rights . Q : Are you prepared for not being allowed back ? A : We are prepared because our current situation is very dangerous ... They made many promises . But right now , we ca n't even freely use our phone . I ca n't even freely walk out of the hospital . Friends ca n't visit us . It just proves that our human rights are not being protected . Q : Are there people watching you at the hospital ? A : They have security guards here . Q : Have the embassy people have left ? A : Yes . They promised to stay here with Guangcheng -- that would give us some sense of security . But we have n't seen anyone since we checked into this hospital room . I was actually persuading Guangcheng to seek treatment in a hospital -- but I did n't know the embassy  people  were lobbying him to leave  the embassy  .	CNN spoke with Chen Guangcheng from his hospital room in Beijing The blind activist said he fears for his life if he stays in China Chen said he was "  disappointed " with the U.S. embassy Couple appeals to the U.S. to protect them , get them out of China
CNN  Money makes the world go round , they say , but what if notes and coins were replaced with online code ? Bitcoin -- the world 's much talked about cryptocurrency -- is just that . It ca n't be printed , it ca n't be directly controlled by governments or central banks , but it can be sent around the world instantly at a low cost . And in sub-Saharan Africa , where 75 % of the population do n't have a bank account , experts say the currency could help millions of people pay bills and get to grips with their finances . Transferring cash via a bank or a Money Transfer Operator  MTOs  like Western Union or MoneyGram can be costly . According to the Overseas Development Institute , the average charge to transfer $ 200 to Africa using traditional money transfer services is 12 % . If you send $ 200 , you pay $ 24 . The ODI added up all the transfers that happen in a year , and found remittance fees cost the African continent $ 1.8 billion a year . What if that money could be spent on things , rather than fees ? As Bitcoin is a virtual peer-to-peer currency -- designed to operate on the border-less internet -- the costs of transferring money can be radically cheaper than traditional methods , and the process is much quicker . "  Bitcoin can greatly alter the remittances industry and beyond , " says Michael Kimani , who heads the African Digital Currency Association , a Kenya-based group launched last May to promote digital currency technologies . "  From seven days -LSB- for a transaction to clear -RSB- using banks & PayPal , down to 20 minutes speaks volumes . " African examples Beam is a service in Ghana that converts Bitcoin sent from abroad into the local currency , cedi . Since launching three months ago , it has attracted 30 users who pay a 3 % fee on each transaction rather than the average 12 % from traditional transfer services . Ghana received $ 1.7 billion of remittance income in 2012 according to the Bank of Ghana , and Beam 's founders are optimistic about the future . "  Bitcoin is going to make a huge difference when it starts to get accepted by merchants in Ghana , " says CEO Nikunj Handa . "  People wo n't need to change Bitcoin to any other currency so there will be no broker fees involved and people can get really very low-cost transactions . But Bitcoin is in its early days yet , and we need banks and merchants to catch up . " And the founders are also planning to launch "  Value Remittances " -- a service which will allow people in other countries to use Bitcoin to pay the water , electricity and phone bills for their family members in Ghana . Kitiwa , a similar service in Ghana , says it has processed over $ 90,000 worth of Bitcoins , and BitPesa , in Kenya , is another remittance services doing the same thing but with Kenyan shillings . Another sign that Bitcoin is gaining traction in Africa came in August , when Johannesburg got the first Bitcoin ATM on the continent . The machine , which converts cash into Bitcoin , is located at the Metroman beauty salon where customers can pay in crytocurrency . But it 's not the only place South Africans can spend their Bitcoin . According to South Africa-based Bitcoin startup Xoin , 30,000 online stores in South Africa now accept the cryptocurrency . "  We have about five transactions a week , and in total I would estimate we have had about 250 transactions , " explains Rolf Deppe , who operates the machine . "  The main reason we launched the ATM was to create awareness of Bitcoin in Africa ... We do expect to see more -LSB- Bitcoin -RSB- ATMs popping up . " Commission charges for Bitcoin ATMs vary , but Lamassu says the average commission is 5 % . And Africa 's second Bitcoin ATM is set to arrive in Cape Town soon -- a city hosting a Bitcoin conference in April . Crypto-critics But not everyone is so optimistic about Bitcoin 's future in Africa . Critics say the fees associated with buying crypto-currency must be taken into account when considering the cost of remittances . As well as overcoming the technical challenges of obtaining Bitcoins at an "  exchange , " users have to also pay a commission . According to Lamassu , the fee is usually 0.5 % , but that can vary between exchanges . Bypassing most of the online process is possible with voucher services like Azte , which charges a 4 % commission for the convenience . And Xoin , based in Stellenbosch , have come up with a similar proposition involving QR codes on vouchers , which you scan with your smartphone . As well as standard charges , not all banks support Bitcoin companies yet . Some customers of British banks , for example , have to first transfer money from their bank account to a Bitcoin company 's account in a European bank . To do this , they pay banking transfer charges and have to wait up to five days for the funds to clear before they get their Bitcoins . Not exactly speedy . Breaking traditions Competition with existing , established services is also a major reason some say widespread adoption of Bitcoin in Africa is still a long way off . MoneyGram has agents in 25,000 locations across Africa , and Western Union has 32,000 registered locations across the continent . While its yellow and black outposts are n't going away anytime soon , the company is adapting to mobile money transfer . "  Africa , in particular , is kind of at the frontiers of mobile , " says Hikmet Ersek , chief executive of Western Union . "  The people do like mobile , use it like mobile ... but also as a wallet . This mobile wallet has been very successful in Kenya . We did not see a big success in other countries ... but the future , I think , will be that , once the consumer figures out how to use it . " It is precisely this complexity , and this issue of trust , which makes the man who founded South Africa 's Bitcoin exchange ICE ³ X.com skeptical about it 's widespread adoption on the continent . "  You 've got a company like Western Union , which has been around for longer than most people have been alive , and they trust that method , " says Gareth Grobler . "  That 's a huge stumbling block for Bitcoin acceptance . " For Grobler , the real value of the super-secure "  blockchain " technology which facilitates Bitcoin could be in commodities trading where large sums need to be transferred across borders in a transparent way . Erratic price value Another major issue with Bitcoin is its volatility . In January 2013 , one Bitcoin was worth around $ 13 , surging in December to a high of $ 1,147 . But since then , its value has dropped again and at the time of writing one Bitcoin was worth $ 221 , according to coindesk . "  If I buy Bitcoin and transfer it to another person , the price is very likely to change overtime , " says Grobler . "  So I could send $ 200 worth of Bitcoin to someone , but as the price fluctuates they actually only get say $ 150 . Bitcoin is really only going to be a better deal for someone who really understands financial markets and watches the price constantly . Further solutions need to be developed for mainstream adoption and tangible financial benefits . " More from Marketplace Africa READ THIS : Africa 's ` most intelligent ' city revealed READ THIS : Gas discovery transforms Mozambique backwater	It costs less to send Bitcoins overseas than traditional money In Sub-Saharan Africa , 75 % of the population do n't have a bank account African services like Beam and BitPesa convert Bitcoin to local currencies Established money transfer players pose a challenge to Bitcoin
Boston  CNN  -- Mitt Romney is a smooth salesman . When he was a candidate in 2002 , his pitch to the people of Massachusetts was that he could fix all that ailed us . As the Bay State 's top salesman , he said , he would "  bring great jobs here . " He claimed he would at last be the governor to reform state government . We bought it . Most of us now would warn , "  buyer beware . " Under Romney , the Massachusetts economy sputtered to 47th in the nation in job creation -- and that was in relatively good economic times . Real wages declined  while rising across the nation  . Instead of helping workers and small businesses adjust to changes in the global economy , Romney cut critical work force training programs and millions in economic development funds . Instead of promoting Massachusetts to attract jobs , he used the state as a punchline on the national Republican political circuit . That 's not all . When I came into office immediately after Romney , hardly anything had been fixed . He left behind a bureaucracy whose work force grew during his term , an unsustainable public pension system and a culture of poor accountability throughout state government . Young people and jobs were leaving our state . Our roads and bridges were crumbling , and his Republican predecessors ' poor oversight of the infamous Big Dig project in downtown Boston resulted in billions of dollars of cost overruns , substandard workmanship and debilitating debt that he made no effort to remedy . In the face of budget challenges , what did Romney do ? He raised nearly every fee and surcharge that did n't bear the title "  tax " and cut funding for the schools . In a state where education is our calling card , Romney was responsible for the second largest per pupil cut in education funding in America during his second year in office . I respect Romney 's business success . He has also always been a gentleman to me . But in his only turn as a CEO in government , he failed to deliver . His one profoundly important achievement in government -- enacting universal health care -- is something he shuns on the campaign trail , not because he is n't proud of it but because it does n't fit his current conservative sales pitch . So what happened ? How could it be that a man who set out to send the Massachusetts economy soaring into the stratosphere instead ran it into the ground ? Why did a fellow who promised to reform state government fix so little ? Romney sincerely believes that people are better off on their own : on their own to deal with their unemployment ; with under-resourced public schools and no way to pay for college ; with neglected infrastructure ; with a job market that needs skills they did n't have . He does not fundamentally believe that government should help people help themselves . And he has a record as governor of Massachusetts to demonstrate how much damage his leadership does to people , their families and our future . Since Romney left , we have made very different choices in Massachusetts . As a result , we are getting very different outcomes . We are growing twice as fast as the national economy and adding jobs now faster than most other states . Manufacturing is making a comeback . We are first in the nation in student achievement , in health care coverage , in economic competitiveness , in energy efficiency and in veterans services . We have earned the highest bond rating in the state 's history . Government is also smaller , and many of the programs Romney promised but failed to fix , we actually fixed . None of this is by accident . It is happening because , like President Obama and unlike Romney , we understand that government does have a role to play in helping people help themselves . We know that when government invests in the education of its people , its infrastructure and innovation , it creates the conditions for both businesses and families to grow and thrive . Most important , we understand that there are faces behind budget line items and that wise governing means seeing and dealing with the human , community and environmental bottom lines alongside the business one . Today , Romney is trying to sell the same choices to the American people that he sold to the people of Massachusetts not so long ago . Massachusetts bought it then and got slow or no job growth , stifled innovation , neglected public infrastructure , and crowded and under-resourced schools . Those choices did n't work before , and they wo n't work now . Like I said , buyers beware . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Deval Patrick .	Massachusetts governor : Romney failed to deliver as governor He says state 's economy suffered , and Romney did n't reform state government Patrick : His major achievement , health care law , is one he now shuns discussing He says Romney 's record reflects a view that government is a problem , not a solution
Poznan , Poland  CNN  -- At the top of a flight of stairs with no elevator in sight , registered nurse Katarzyna Kaseja leans over the rickety metal bars of a crib . Her 4-year-old patient , a ventilator tube fastened to his throat , reaches out to take her hand . "  It 's hard to work as a nurse in Poland , " said Kaseja , 25 . Since she began her career at the Specialized Hospital for Mother and Child in the western Poland city of Poznan , little funding and outdated machinery have only been part of the problem . "  There are not enough nurses , and you have to do everything , " she said . "  And there is little money and low prestige . " Meager salaries and demanding hours for nurses , however , are not purely a Polish problem . Throughout Europe , the nursing profession is rapidly losing its appeal . An aging workforce and dwindling student enrollment in nursing schools are precipitating a looming nursing crisis . Add to that an economic recession and more seniors requiring long-term care , and Europe may be facing a shortage of 1 million health professionals by 2020 , according to a European Union Joint Action on Health Workforce Planning estimate . "  People are leaving the profession because they ca n't stand the difficult work anymore , " said Paul De Raeve , secretary general of the European Federation of Nurses Associations , which represents the interests of nurses in 27 European countries . "  The young generation thinks you must be a fool to go into nursing . " It 's actually bad all over : America , too , may have 1.2 million job openings for nurses , due to job growth and replacements , by 2020 , according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics . However , De Raeve believes the United States can serve as an example for Europe , as President Barack Obama 's administration has committed to improving working conditions . When the Affordable Care Act takes full effect in 2014 , nursing may soon become a more attractive career option in the United States . As part of the ACA , in addition to loan forgiveness programs , nurses will receive increased financial support for pursuing training programs and obtaining advanced certification . Your health care is covered , but who 's going to treat you ? But in Europe , a clear-cut solution to the nursing crisis may prove to be elusive , as governments and international organizations have very different approaches to dealing with the problem . In countries such as the United Kingdom , which expects a nursing shortage within the next five years , the focus is on disease prevention and public health to reduce the overall number of patients . According to Peter Sharp , chief executive at the United Kingdom 's Centre for Workforce Intelligence , an organization providing research and advice on workforce planning , recruiters should encourage nurses who left the job market due to family commitments to return to the workforce . Another plan is to train experienced nurses to take on greater responsibilities . "  A doctor costs more than four times a nurse , " Sharp said . "  If you do n't spend as much on doctors , you can spend more on nursing . " In other countries , such as Germany , the shortage is particularly acute , and the immigration of health care workers from poorer economies even outside of Europe is becoming part of the solution . "  We expect a tremendous nursing shortage of about 500,000 people by 2030 , " said Professor Stefan Goerres , managing director of the Institute for Public Health and Health Care Research at the University of Bremen . "  Even if the profession were more attractive , there just are n't enough young people due to declining birth rates . " In an attempt to alleviate the shortage , the Arbeitgeberverband Pflege , a health employer 's union in Berlin , has come up with an idea -- enlisting nurses from China . In cooperation with the German Federal Employment Agency , an experimental project has recruited an initial 150 nurses from China to work in hospitals and nursing homes beginning in early 2014 . This month , at the Shandong International Nurse Training Center in Weihai , China , the nurses selected for the program are beginning their eight-month training in German life , culture , and language . "  The nurses learn international standards for caring , washing the elderly , and physical therapy , " said Kevin Ji , marketing executive of the government-sanctioned nursing center . The training center , which opened in 2001 , has more than 400 students a year and has sent its graduates to countries such as Singapore , South Korea and Saudi Arabia . As part of the curriculum , the nurses destined for Germany have begun absorbing the tenets of German culture to ensure a smooth transition into Western society . "  Recently , we had a lecture on garbage and recycling , " Ji said . "  It 's very complicated in Germany . " To create a more unified response to the nursing crisis on a European level , the Joint Action on Health Workforce Planning , funded in part by the European Commission , recently launched a project to foster international cooperation . Beginning this month , its agenda will also focus on the increasing mobility of nurses throughout Europe and its potential social and economic impact . As the member states of the Joint Action begin to meet , some have expressed concern that the migration of nurses within Europe may have unintended consequences . "  Hungary and Poland are worried that their workforce is being poached by richer countries , " said Sharp , who attended the first Joint Action session in Brussels in April . While weaker economies fear losing their best and brightest workers , wealthier countries worry about a potential influx of job seekers in a time when Europe is still in the throes of a recession . This scenario could become a reality in January 2014 , when the Eastern European countries of Romania and Bulgaria gain unrestricted access to the EU . The migration of nurses is further exacerbated by a significant wage disparity within Europe . While a nurse in the U.K. can expect a salary of about $ 2,800 a month , according to National Health Service estimates , a nurse in Romania can earn less than $ 200 . Back in Poland , about 500 nurses have requested official certificates to seek employment abroad over the past decade , said Teresa Kruczkowska , head of the self-governing Regional Parliament of Nurses in Poznan . In an area of only 3.5 million inhabitants , this would be enough to staff two large hospitals . Kaseja , the nurse at the children 's intensive care unit in Poznan , said she loves working with children . But would she consider moving to a better-paying country ? She hesitates . In the small ward -- its walls painted a cheerful green -- her young patients lay motionless beneath the bulky , dated ventilator machines . "  Maybe , " she says .	Low salaries , little prestige and meager funding contribute to European nursing shortage The looming crisis is comparable to that in the United States But officials say the Obama administration is targeting the problem In Europe , no clear-cut solution appears forthcoming
CNN  -- A southwest Illinois man accused of strangling his wife and two young sons appeared in court Wednesday and pleaded not guilty to murder charges , officials said . Christopher Coleman sits in the back of a police car after his arrest Tuesday in the slayings of his wife and two sons . Christopher Coleman , 32 , will remain jailed without bond pending a June 10 preliminary hearing , according to the Monroe County , Illinois , district court clerk 's office . He is charged with three counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of Sheri Coleman , 31 , and sons Garett , 11 , and Gavin , 9 . Their bodies were found May 5 in the bedrooms of the Coleman 's two-story home in Columbia , Illinois , a suburb of St. Louis , Missouri . The three died of strangulation by ligature -- a string , cord or wire -- police said . Coleman was arrested Tuesday at his parents ' home in Chester , Illinois . As a police patrol car carrying Coleman arrived at the Monroe County courthouse for Wednesday 's hearing , a waiting crowd shouted "  murderer " and "  baby killer , " according to video posted on the Web site of CNN affiliate KSDK . Coleman told police he left the house at 5:43 a.m. the day of the deaths and drove to a gym to work out . Watch report of Coleman 's actions after deaths " "  Shortly thereafter , he started calling his house , realized that nobody was answering and on his way back at around 6:50 a.m. is when he made the phone call to the Columbia Police Department , said Maj. Jeff Connor , commander of the Major Case Squad of Greater St. Louis . Coleman said he was calling the house to make sure the boys were waking up for school , Connor said . Threatening messages were found on the walls inside the home , Connor said , but would not disclose the exact wording . In an article posted on the Major Case Squad 's Web site , the St. Louis Post-Dispatch newspaper reported the message said something to the effect of , "  I told you this would happen . " A glove with red spray paint on it was found along Interstate 255 , which would have been on Coleman 's route to the gym , the newspaper reported . The message in the Coleman home was written in paint of a similar color , the article said . Coleman previously worked in the security department for Joyce Meyer Ministries , an evangelical Christian organization based in suburban St. Louis , said spokesman Roby Walker . Walker told CNN Coleman resigned last week after the two met regarding "  a violation of moral conduct . " He would not elaborate . The Post-Dispatch cited police sources as saying Coleman had more than one romantic rendezvous with a Florida woman , a friend of his wife , during out-of-town ministry trips . Neither Coleman nor his attorneys have commented on that report , the Post-Dispatch said . Police said Tuesday they did not have a motive for the killings . Joyce Meyer Ministries said in a statement Wednesday that it had learned of the charges against Coleman . "  This horrible tragedy has deeply saddened us all and although nothing can compensate for the loss of this beautiful family , our ministry remains fully behind the diligent efforts of the law enforcement community , " the statement said .	NEW : Illinois man held without bond on three counts of first-degree murder Chris Coleman pleads not guilty to slayings of wife , two children Bodies were found in Southern Illinois home on May 5 Coleman claimed he left home for gym before slayings , police say
"  Awesome ! " exclaimed Sister Benedykta Mazur , as she described Wadowice 's new museum dedicated to its revered hometown boy , Pope John Paul II . His enthusiasm for his faith and his country radiates through this rural town in southern Poland . And in the spring sunshine Sister Benedykta reminds me of how and why Poland has defied historical odds and emerged as a stable , dynamic country in the heart of Europe . Sister Benedykta tells me Pope John Paul II made patriotism part and parcel of the fourth commandment , honor and love thy parents . She says the pope encouraged Polish people to love their country and believe in its potential . There is much debate both inside and outside Poland on whether the pope 's influence was ever political or revolutionary . But listening to Sister Benedykta , the debate softens and blurs and what emerges is pure gratitude . Many people here say they are thankful history bestowed them a Polish pope that embodied their aspirations . A quarter century ago , the Solidarity movement led a bold , brave path to independence and yet it was a movement so nuanced and profound , it 's perhaps better appreciated with hindsight . Or maybe on a stroll through the main square in Wadowice . The square has been rebuilt , the church where the pope worshipped has been restored and renewed . A papal museum dedicated to the life of Pope John Paul II sits prominently on the square , packed with visitors from all over the world . We speak with Polish families on a Sunday stroll , Irish tourists on a pilgrimage to the former pope 's homeland and tourists from the Philippines eager to learn more about the pope 's early life . All comment on Poland 's independence and prosperity and how Pope John Paul II seems still to be the guardian of their freedom . With one of the fastest growing economies in Europe , a stable democracy and a dynamic workforce , Poland has indeed made revolution look easy , even inevitable . But the chaotic and violent revolutions around the world in recent years are a reminder of how difficult political change can be and why Poland 's has been so extraordinary . To be sure , Poland has been guided by the steady hand of European Union and more importantly , its economic aid . But it 's the voices of Solidarity leaders 25 years ago that still resonate . Pope John Paul II was not always vocal or strident about the situation in Poland or how it should change , but his return to his homeland in 1979 as pope seemed to summon the confidence Polish people always knew they had . Even those not yet born in 1979 tell us his visit was a catalyst giving Poland the courage and faith to push ahead with its protest and the peoples ' demand for freedom and independence . All these details have been written and rewritten in modern history countless times , but it is on our visit to Poland that we really saw their significance . In Wadowice 's sunny square , in Gdansk 's modern football stadium , in Warsaw 's renewed skyline , we have found an emboldened country humbled by its historical leaders and thankful for the future they 've inspired . What do you like the most about Poland ? Read more : Unearthed ! But is it a vampire ?	Pope John Paul II was born in the Polish town of Wadowice He was recently canonized and the town has been reinvigorated Many say that he helped support change in the country and the end of communism 25 years ago
New York  CNN  -- A New York City taxi driver is charged with keeping more than $ 28,000 that should have gone to the Metropolitan Transit Authority in E-Z Pass toll fees over the past two years . Rodolfo Sanchez , 69 , of Long Island City has been sneaking through toll plazas on the Robert F. Kennedy Bridge and Midtown Tunnel by "  piggybacking , " or tailgating cars directly in front of his cab , and slipping through the toll lane before the barrier came back down , according to Queens District Attorney Richard Brown . The cabbie allegedly crossed two of the city 's bridges and tunnels more than 4,000 times from August 2012 to April 2014 . Sanchez was arraigned Thursday in Queens County Court . He is charged with grand larceny , theft of services and criminal possession of stolen property . "  This type of behavior is egregiously unfair to the millions of honest motorists who pay tolls every day , and we will continue efforts to root out toll evaders and prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law , " said Donald Look , MTA bridges and tunnels chief of security . MTA investigators discovered that a certain E-Z Pass tag was regularly crossing the RFK and Midtown Tunnel toll plazas without making payments . The E-Z Pass was tracked on the RFK bridge toll plaza 3,017 times and the Midtown Tunnel toll plaza 1,061 times , costing the MTA $ 28,242.50 in lost revenue , according to the district attorney . Sanchez told investigators that he knew there was no money on the E-Z Pass , and he dodged the tolls because he needed the money for his family , according to the attorney general . CNN efforts to reach Sanchez were unsuccessful . "  There are cameras and video . We have active eyes on everything . We are actively going to pursue anyone evading paying toll , " MTA spokeswoman Judy Glave told CNN . If convicted , Sanchez faces up to seven years in prison . "  His  Taxi & Limousine Commission  license has been suspended and the matter is under investigation , " TLC spokesman Allan Fromberg told CNN . CNN 's Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	DA says driver Rodolfo Sanchez "  piggybacked " through toll gates behind other cars He made 4,000 trips over bridges and through tunnels without paying , DA says Sanchez faces grand larceny and other charges , could get seven years in prison
CNN  -- A blast of Arctic air Tuesday morning has much of the nation -- from the Great Lakes to Oregon and down to Texas -- in its cold , icy grip . Snow covers a golf course in Summerlin , Nevada , near Las Vegas , on Monday . The temperature at International Falls , Minnesota , was 26 below zero at 8 a.m. Tuesday , the National Weather Service said . To the south in Minneapolis , below-zero temperatures were leaving roadways covered in black ice , sending drivers spinning into numerous accidents , CNN affiliate KARE-TV reported Tuesday . Black ice , nearly invisible on roads , can form when car exhaust freezes on snow-covered pavement in sub-zero conditions , KARE said . Twin Cities drivers could find a little hope in the day 's forecast high -- 4 degrees above zero by the afternoon . Temperatures hovering as low as 23 below zero have parts of Montana frozen in their tracks , according to CNN affiliate KFBB-TV . The forecast high Tuesday for Great Falls : 5 degrees . But regions of the nation far from Montana , and not as well equipped to deal with wintry weather , are also caught in the cold blast . Watch the mess in Portland , Oregon " WFAA-TV in Dallas , Texas , predicts the temperature will barely get above freezing , to 36 degrees , on Tuesday . A winter weather advisory is in effect for northern Texas . In Las Vegas , Nevada , residents saw a rare snow accumulation . Snow-covered grounds were a treat for iReporter Rena Moretti , who 's lived in Las Vegas on and off for about 10 years . "  It 's unbelievable . If it snows it never sticks . I 've never seen it like that , " she said . Watch snow delight skiers but frustrate motorists in Nevada " In Denver , Colorado , where the temperature was minus 4 , KMGH warned residents to expect more snow , with 2 to 3 feet expected in some parts of the Rocky Mountains . Watch ice cause havoc on Colorado roads " While the snow is forecast to end Tuesday , the cold air mass should stick around all week . The station also warned commuters that driving would be a mess Tuesday morning . In Omaha , Nebraska , the frigid weather had shelters sending out crews looking for the homeless , according to KMTV . Watch blizzards shut down North Dakota " "  We 've had people that have been trying to make it here ... either have been too intoxicated or just too cold and just fallen down and have n't been able to make it , " says Siena Francis House worker and guest Jerry Rayburn . According to the National Weather Service , the entire state of Iowa could be in for heavy snowfall Tuesday . Chicago , Illinois , no stranger to cold weather , is expecting a high of 22 degrees with snow , according to WGN . Meanwhile , on a frontal boundary , West Virginia and western Tennessee are on the alert for possible freezing rain , the weather service reports . And KATV in Little Rock , Arkansas , said freezing rain and sleet were moving across the state . In New England , socked by a powerful ice storm last week , temperatures were warming back up into in the 40s and 50s , WCVB in Boston , Massachusetts , reported . But electricity may not be restored to some customers until the weekend , the station reported . One town , Lunenberg , Massachusetts , said school students would be getting an extended Christmas break , with classes not resuming until the new year , WCVB reported . Debris-clogged roads were blamed . "  They 're passable for vehicles and emergency vehicles , but they 're not passable for buses . That represents a danger , so , we ca n't get the kids safely to school , even if we were able to open school , " School Superintendent Loxi Joe Calmes said , accoding to WCVB . Meanwhile , a cold , wet storm blew into Southern California . Twenty-four-hour rainfall totals were 1.44 inches at Los Angeles International Airport , almost 1 inch in Palm Springs , and an inch in San Diego , the weather service reported Tuesday morning . iReporters share their weather observations Where is it not so cold ? It was 69 degrees in Miami , Florida , early Tuesday morning , according to WFOR . The price for the warm weather -- possible thunderstorms , says the National Weather Service .	NEW : Black ice plagues Minneapolis in sub-zero temperatures NEW : Storm-struck Massachusetts city closes schools until new year Large swath of the United States beset by very low temperatures Even places such as Las Vegas , Nevada , and Dallas , Texas , in wintry grip
CNN  -- The militants carrying out a terrorist attack at a mall in Kenya include American teenagers , the Kenyan government says . There 's no question Al-Shabaab , the group behind the attack , has recruited young Americans . The group has released videos of some going through training camps , including one in which an American declares it "  the real Disneyland , " CNN affiliate WCCO reported in August . But just who the perpetrators are of the Nairobi mall attack remains unclear . More than 60 people have been killed . "  Both the victims and the perpetrators came from Kenya , the United Kingdom , and the United States , " Kenyan Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told "  PBS NewsHour . " The information she had indicates two or three Americans and one British woman are involved , Mohamed said . "  The Americans , from the information we have , are young men , about between maybe 18 and 19 . " They are of Somali origin , but lived in Minnesota or other parts of the United States , she said , adding that underlines "  the global nature of this war that we 're fighting . " U.S. officials have not confirmed that Americans are involved in the attack , deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes said Monday . Al-Shabaab released names of people who it said were perpetrators . U.S. officials were looking into the names , a senior State Department official said . "  We do know that 40 to 50 Americans have gone over there to join what they call ` the fight , ' " Rep. Michael McCaul , Republican chairman of the Homeland Security Committee , told CNN . "  Certainly , it 's very plausible that three of  the attackers  could have been Americans . " The United States has been tracking recruited Americans for several years "  to try to get the identifying travel information , to ensure that these Americans do n't come back into the United States , and if they do , they 'll get picked up immediately at our airports , " McCaul said . Mohamed , speaking to PBS , said the attackers ' nationalities are ultimately irrelevant . "  They are all evil , " she said . "  and we must deal with them as such . "	The perpetrators include 2 or 3 Americans and 1 British woman , Kenya 's foreign minister says The Americans are 18 and 19 , of Somali origin , she said In a recruitment video , an American called jihadi training camps "  the real Disneyland " 40 to 50 Americans have been recruited , a U.S. lawmaker says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- A top Iraqi political figure -- who also is an imam at a prominent Shiite mosque in the capital -- urged the abolition of militias Friday and decried violence and pervasive corruption in Baghdad 's Sadr City . Sheikh Jalal al-Din Ali al-Saghir is a parliament member and a representative of the most influential Shiite cleric . Sheikh Jalal al-Din Ali al-Saghir , speaking at Buratha Mosque , blamed the corruption on followers of anti-American Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr . Al-Saghir is the most senior representative in Baghdad of Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani , arguably the most influential Shiite cleric in Iraq . As a member of Iraq 's parliament , Al-Saghir represents the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq , part of the ruling United Iraqi Alliance . His political group dominates the Iraqi security forces and has been fighting members of a rival Shiite group , al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army militia . He said the Supreme Council , part of the ruling United Iraqi Alliance , once had an armed group called the Badr Brigade that is now a renamed non-military organization . He repeated Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's call for all armed groups not affiliated with the government to disband . "  We said from the beginning , and since 2003 , the necessity of laying down the weapons by all , and the weapons should be in the hand of the state , " al-Saghir said . He praised Iraqi security forces ' efforts in Basra , the southern Shiite city where al-Maliki launched an offensive in March . The cleric said al-Maliki freed the region of gangs . "  We can say that the Iraqi security forces have made a great change in terms of establishing the security and imposing the law , " al-Saghir said , adding that effective security must be imposed to ensure the fairness of this autumn 's provincial elections . "  The elections will be tomorrow , " he said , meaning soon . "  How can we respect ourselves as politicians , political parties and officials within the government ? How can we respect ourselves by saying we conduct honest elections while there are gangs controlling areas or provinces ? " Meanwhile , Sadrist cleric Suhail al-Iqabi delivered a fiery sermon in the eastern part of Baghdad as hundreds of Sadr City residents sat on the street performing Friday prayers . Al-Iqabi said an "  act of genocide " is taking place in the town . Speaking to hundreds of worshippers chanting pro-Sadr slogans , al-Iqabi accused the government of holding a grudge against Sadrists and the people of Sadr City "  who are facing genocide in every sense of the word , cutting off the water , electricity and shelling the innocent civilians , killing women and children and detaining women . " His sermon included a prayer asking God to strengthen al-Sadr 's Mehdi army and "  sharpen their weapons . " "  What the prime minister stated in his press conference , all that he said that was so far from reality , the nonsense and false accusations he used to cover up his huge failure leading the nation 's affairs , " al-Iqabi said . " ... We call on all politicians , journalists , intellectuals , civil society institutions , tribal leaders and clergy to visit Sadr City to witness the crimes committed by the occupier and government forces . " In Sadr City , nearly 1,000 civilians and fighters are thought to have been killed since late March in fighting between security forces and Shiite militants . However , al-Saghir said there has been "  good security progress . " Watch as fighting destroys a school " "  I believe the coming days will witness many developments which will lead to the protection of this city from these gangs , " he said . He urged people who have grievances to make their voices heard through the political process . He decried those who arm themselves under the pretext of sectarianism or occupation . Al-Saghir emphasized what he called corruption in Sadr City and the role of Sadrist followers in promoting it . He noted that imams from the Supreme Council were booted from several mosques and replaced by politically correct imams , and he said companies have to pay off the Sadrists to get contracts . He said fuel tanker drivers face the risk of losing their trucks to fire or theft if they do n't pay off political groups . Meanwhile Friday , a U.S. soldier was killed in Baghdad after a roadside bomb struck the soldier 's vehicle , the military said . The soldier was part of a combat patrol in eastern Baghdad when a roadside bomb struck the patrol vehicle at about 6:15 p.m. local time . The soldier 's name is being withheld until family has been notified , the U.S. army 's public affairs department in Baghdad said . Also Friday , the U.S. military said one of the two suicide bombers who struck a wedding convoy this week in northern Iraq was a woman "  imitating pregnancy . " The military blamed the Sunni militant group al Qaeda in Iraq for Thursdays ' attack that killed 35 people and wounded dozens more in Balad Ruz , a town northeast of Baghdad in the volatile Diyala province . The U.S. military announced Friday that a U.S. Air Force drone crashed in southern Iraq , and investigators suspect mechanical failure . The MQ-1 Predator drone was used mainly for reconnaissance , the military said . On Thursday , Iraqi lawmakers were in Iran to confront officials there with evidence of Tehran 's support for militias and outlaws in Iraq , Iraqi officials said . Iran 's state-run news agency IRNA confirmed the delegation was in Tehran . Parliament members from the ruling United Iraqi Alliance , the Shiite coalition , intended to discuss how the training and arming of militias is harmful for Iraq -- and for Iran as a neighbor , said Sami al-Askari , an adviser to al-Maliki . Kurdish lawmaker Mahmoud Othman said the delegation intended to provide evidence , confessions and pictures indicating that Iran is supplying weapons and training fighters inside Iraq . Bush administration officials have said Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ' Quds Force has provided training and weapons for militants in Iraq . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq , Jomana Karadsheh , Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : Shiite cleric , also a prominent political figure , speaks against violence U.S. military : Woman who detonated bomb pretended to be pregnant U.S. drone crashes in southern Iraq , military says Iraqi lawmakers in Tehran to show evidence of Iran 's support for militias
EW.com  -- Over the past few years , Zachary Quinto has established his acting rep by playing Sylar in "  Heroes , " a couple of memorable roles on "  American Horror Story , " and , of course , Spock in the last two "  Star Trek " movies . So you could describe his transition into producing as , well , "  logical . " Certainly it has gotten off to an encouraging start . Quinto produced director J.C. Chandor 's financial crisis movie Margin Call through the actor 's Before the Door company -- the production outfit he runs with partners Corey Moosa and Neal Dodson -- and exec produced Chandor 's Robert Redford-starring "  All Is Lost , " which just screened at Cannes . Through Behind the Door , Quinto has also produced the new film "  Breakup at a Wedding , " a nuptials-themed comedy which is told through the lenses of the wedding videographers . Directed by Victor Quinaz and starring Quinaz 's brother Philip and Alison Fyhrie as the engaged couple this tale of a big-day-which-goes-horribly-awry is available on VOD from June 18 . Below , Quinto talks about "  Breakup at a Wedding " and , below that , you can exclusively check out the movie 's new poster here which was created by Tom Hodge  the designer responsible for the similarly eye-catching posters for The Innkeepers and Hobo With a Shotgun  . Entertainment Weekly : I 'm guessing you 're kind of happy to be talking about something which does n't involve spaceships . Zachary Quinto : Well , I 've been having a great time talking about all that stuff , too . No complaints ! But it 's always good to promote other projects that I have going on . The great thing about this movie is that it really is a friends and family situation . We 've known Victor and Anna  Martemucci , who cowrote the film with the Quinaz brothers  for years . And to be able to give them this opportunity and to bring all the other collaborators that they work with on a regular basis into the equation was really gratifying for us . One of our main tenets is providing opportnities for people that we 've loved and have inspired us for a long time and Victor and Anna are certainly among them . EW : The wedding comedy is well-tilled ground . What attracted you to the project ? Quinto : One of the other things that we 're really focused on at my production company is innovative storytelling , whether that means the story itself or the style in which the story is told . In this case , we felt like , yes , the wedding comedy has definitely been done and done very well by other people already . But what we felt was fascinating about this script was taking the found footage mode -- that tends to be reserved for more horror , thriller , genre projects -- and applying it to this more traditional romantic comedy . We 're really excited to be working with Oscilloscope and obviously this poster that they 've done up which is so incredible , to see all the faces of all of our friends in that kind of high art rendering , it 's really gratifying . It 's been all-round a really good experience and on the heels of everything else that I have going on . EW : This film is different in almost every imaginable way from Margin Call . Was it a similarly different experience in terms of producing it ? Or were many of the challenges and problems the same ? Quinto : It was very different to produce this , just simply based on the budget . I mean , Margin Call was about a $ 3.5 M film and this is a half of a million dollar film . So we had less resources and less time . It was also different because it was our friends and literally their family -- you know , Victor and Phil are brothers and Victor 's mom is in the movie and Anna 's mom is in the movie . It really was a friends and family affair . We had a lot of good times while making it but we basically holed ourselves up in a hotel out by JFK and just were there for pretty much two weeks banging away all hours and shooting multiple pages a day . It was definitely a brisk experience but luckily the style of the film allowed for that to happen . It was really fun , but definitely a brief encounter . EW : Did making this movie alter your own views on marriage at all ? Quinto : -LSB- Laughs -RSB- Um ... No . I think there 's a tremendous amount of heart in the film and I think the journey that Phil and Alison take in the movie is one that is very relatable in terms of people entering into that institution . But I would say my views on marriage are ambivalent at best anyway so I feel like it 's just sort of kept me in that same space . EW : What 's the one practical lesson you 've learned as a producer ? Quinto : Not to sit in meetings where they 're talking about actors and actors ' value . There are certainly things I 've learned as a producer that no actor should ever know . And the way that we are talked about in financing meetings and casting meetings is one of them . So I recuse myself of those conversations with financiers until my business partners are able to handle that part of it and then I come in . EW : When you say the "  value " of actors you mean their actual financial value to a project ? Quinto : Yeah . You know , we all have a number attached to our name and that number is different domestically than it is internationally . It 's different in different territories and financiers really do break it down by those kind of metrics . It 's horrible because you 're talking about people and you 're talking about talented people and to hear them talked about in such a broad and impersonal way can be really disappointing . EW : Well , if it makes you feel any better , I feel like we 've all got a number by our names one way or another . Yeah , you 're right . I guess that 's true . It does n't make me feel any better . But thanks for trying ! See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Zachary Quinto has produced a new film "  Breakup at a Wedding " is a nuptials-themed comedy Quinto says his production company is focused on innovative storytelling
CNN  -- For most people plunging into the ocean 's cold , dark depths without an oxygen tank would be an alarming experience . But for Ahmad Tahilmet and his friends its one of life 's greatest pleasures . They are freedivers -- one of the growing number of young Emiratis who pursue the extreme water sport that is growing in popularity . Unlike regular divers , freedivers prefer to go under water without oxygen tanks or other bulky equipment . "  It has something to do with the ocean and how much we love to be in it . You have so many ways to discover what 's under the water , " says Tahilmet . "  Some people go into scuba diving . Freedivers usually have a different approach because the silence . "  You have no bubbles , nothing . All that you can hear is your heartbeat and you get to see things that other people ca n't see . You know because you are so quiet and calm . " Freedivers sip coffee with sharks For these young Emiratis , freediving is not just a hobby , but it 's a competitive sport . But unlike other forms of competition , freediving requires participants to learn to relax , instead of relying on adrenaline . Freediving has a long history in the UAE , going back to the old days of pearl diving , a one-time traditional livelihood . Driven by the need to make the living , the pearl divers relied on a weight to drag them to the seabed and a rope to guide them out of water . But as that profession has disappeared , the practice of freediving has taken its place . "  I know it is not a necessity , " says Tahilmet . "  Now we do it because we love the ocean . " Freedivers compete for either depth or duration of a breath hold under water . And just like his pearl-diving Emirati forebears , present-day free divers such as Ahmed Khouri may opt to use weights to help them drop faster and deeper . "  Personally I prefer to dive with a neck weight , " Khouri says . "  It just sits around the neck . It 's comfortable because it does n't really choke you . So you 'll be alright . " See : 8 wild outdoor adventures in Dubai Yet , experts warn that many freedivers , including those in the UAE , do n't have enough proper training or understand its dangers . And they warn accidents could rise as more people take part in the sport . Adel Ait-Ghezala , a 35-year-old Algerian freediver , went missing on New Year 's Day while spearfishing with his friends off the coast of Dubai . His body was found around 10 days later . Both Tahilmet and Khouri are well aware of the dangers ; they lost a friend to freediving , also off the coast of Dubai . But AIDA , the international freediving governing body , says the sport has a strong safety record , and serious accidents in organized competitions , like the recent one late last year , are quite rare .  In November , champion American freediver Nicholas Mevoli died after he surfaced from a 72-meter dive in a competitive event in the Bahamas . For Khouri , the thrill of freediving is like doing another kind of extreme sport . "  The most fun part of the dive is the free fall , " he says . "  It 's like people who do skydiving , they just freefalling . It 's just the same . You know I think that 's the best sensation you can have because the more you free fall , the deeper you go , the more fun you have . " See : Will the world be wowed by Dubai 's futuristic souk built for Expo 2020 ?	A growing number of young Emiratis pursue freediving Freediving has a long history in the UAE , going back to the old days of pearl diving Experts warn death rates could rise as more people take part in the extreme water sport
A San Diego college student filed a legal claim Wednesday for damages suffered when he was left handcuffed and without food or water in a Drug Enforcement Administration holding cell for five days last month . A DEA statement said Daniel Chong , 23 , was "  accidentally left " in a holding cell . "  Accidentally ? He almost died , " said Chong 's lawyer , Gene Iredale . "  It 's inexplicable . " Chong drank his own urine to survive as his cries for help were ignored by federal agents and inmates in nearby cells , Iredale said . The fifth-year engineering student at the University of California , San Diego , was detained on the morning of April 21 , a Saturday , when DEA agents raided a house they suspected was being used to distribute MDMA , commonly known as ecstasy . A multi-agency narcotics task force including state agents detained nine people and seized about 18,000 MDMA pills , marijuana , prescription medications , hallucinogenic mushrooms , several guns and thousands of rounds of ammunition from the house , the DEA said . Chong admitted going to the house "  to get high with his friends , " the DEA said . He later told a San Diego TV station that he knew nothing about the other drugs and guns . He was never formally arrested or charged , the DEA said . The agents sent seven suspects to county jail and released another person , but Chong "  was accidentally left in one of the cells , " the DEA said . The agency did not explain how he was forgotten for five days in the small , windowless cell . It was n't until the afternoon of Wednesday , April 25 , that an agent opened the steel door to Chong 's cell and found the handcuffed student , Iredale said . "  Even if they forgot him for the weekend , there is no account for how they could have left him there for three full business days , " Iredale said . The acting special agent in charge of the DEA 's San Diego office said he was "  deeply troubled " by the incident and he offered his "  deepest apologies " to Chong . "  This event is not indicative of the high standards that I hold my employees to , " William Sherman said . "  I have personally ordered an extensive review of our policies and procedures . " On Wednesday , Iredale filed a damage claim with the DEA , which he said is the beginning of the process for a civil suit in federal court . "  He began hallucinating sometime around the end of the second or start of the third day , " Iredale said . "  At some point , he wanted to kill himself because of pain . " Not knowing why he was being kept in the cell without food , water or a toilet for so long confused him , Iredale said . He lost track of time in the dark cell , his lawyer said . "  At the end , he just wanted to die because he was crazy . " Chong contorted himself to shift his handcuffed arms from behind his back to the front , Iredale said . This allowed him to use his eyeglasses to scratch a message to his family on his arm : "  Sorry mom . " He was rushed to a hospital , where he was kept in intensive care for two days , having been close to death from kidney failure , Iredale said . The Cerritos , California , native is now recovering at home , he said .	DEA says agents "  accidentally left " Daniel Chong in a holding cell "  He almost died , " Chong 's lawyer says Chong drank his urine to survive while agents ignored cries for help , lawyer says Incident "  not indicative of the high standards that I hold my employees to , " DEA official says
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez revealed a deeply personal side in an interview Thursday night , saying he loves Jesus Christ and would have liked to play Major League baseball in Yankee Stadium . Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez spoke highly of President Obama at the United Nations on Thursday . He also expressed a fondness for American people and culture , saying he likes the movie actor Charles Bronson and the poet Walt Whitman . He loves to sing , he said , though he does not do it well . And Chavez had kind words for the U.S. security detail protecting him during his visit to New York , saying he chatted with them while out walking and that they "  have been very gracious , very efficient and very attentive , very kind . " In an exclusive interview with CNN 's Larry King , Chavez spoke at length about a host of issues : relations between Venezuela and the United States and his hopes for improved ties with President Barack Obama ; Iran , Israel and those who deny that the Holocaust existed ; efforts to overthrow him and have him assassinated ; criticism that he is power hungry and trying to silence critics . Chavez , a self-proclaimed socialist , spoke with King a few hours after giving a speech to the U.N. General Assembly , in which he praised Obama but criticized some U.S. policies . Watch Chavez speak at the U.N. General Assembly " When asked whether he is misunderstood in the United States , Chavez seemed to turn reflective . "  I 'm a man with many defects , " he said . "  I love . I sing . I dream . I was born in the poor countryside . I was raised in the countryside , planting corn and selling sweets made by my grandmother . My children , my two daughters are with me and I want a better world for my grandchildren , for your grandchildren . "  Now , they demonize me . But that 's the start of these world campaigns to try to defend what you can not defend -- a system that is destroying the world . ... I 'm a Christian . I want the world of justice and equality . This is the only way to achieve peace . " Chavez then talked about his religious upbringing and current faith . "  I was an altar boy , " he said . "  My mother wanted me to be a priest . I am very Christian and Catholic . ... I 'm very faithful . I believe in God , in Jesus Christ . I love Jesus Christ . I am a Christian . ... I cry when I see injustice , children dying of hunger . " His comments were all the more remarkable because Chavez and the Catholic Church have been at odds since he came to power in 1999 . The church has been one of his major critics , with Pope Benedict XVI and other church leaders expressing concern over what they see as attempts by Chavez to limit the church 's influence . Chavez 's efforts to change anti-abortion laws have been at the top of those concerns . Chavez , in turn , has referred to church leadership as a "  tumor . " Speaking of other matters , Chavez said he hopes for improved relations with Obama , but "  we want relations based on respect , relations of peoples where we are respected . " That has not been the case so far , he said . "  Most governments in the United States in a hundred years have not respected the peoples of Latin America , " Chavez told King . "  They have sponsored coup d'etats , assassinations . It 's enough . We want to be brothers and sisters . We want respect and equality . " Chavez particularly criticized former President George W. Bush , whom he accused of orchestrating an assassination attempt on the Venezuelan leader during a short-lived coup in 2002 . Chavez regained power within days . Watch Chavez discuss the alleged assassination attempt " "  The Bush government toppled me , " he said . "  They asked for my assassination . They disrespected us . ... I saw my assassins . ... I was a prisoner in Venezuela , being a president . They took me to the seaside . I was debating with those who wanted murder me . They received the order to kill me . However , at this very moment , a group of soldiers refused . They did not kill me , but I saw those who wanted to kill me , and the order came from the White House . " Chavez also expressed concern that the United States , which he calls "  the empire , " still would like to topple him . As he has numerous times in recent weeks , Chavez criticized U.S. plans to begin operating out of military bases in neighboring Colombia . The United States says it needs a presence in Colombia to fight drug traffickers . Chavez sees a sinister intent . When asked what country he fears would harm him , Chavez replied , "  The empire . The empire . Seven military bases ... in Colombia , that 's a serious threat against Venezuela . " Chavez also defended his relationship with Iran but denied having said that Iran would help Venezuela obtain nuclear technology . Iran has embarked on a nuclear program that the United States and other nations think will lead it to develop nuclear weapons before long . "  They have fooled you , " Chavez said . "  I 've never said that Iran is going to help us to have nuclear technology . ... That 's a strategy to attack Venezuela and say that we are building an atomic bomb . That 's the next accusation . And I 'm going to say this now : Please , come on . That 's crazy . That 's crazy . " Chavez said he does not agree with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's contention that the Holocaust , in which 6 million European Jews were killed during World War II , never existed . "  But there also was another holocaust in South America , " Chavez said . "  I do not deny the Jewish Holocaust . And I condemn it . But in South America , when the Europeans arrived , there were close to 90 million Indians ; 200 years later , we only had four million remaining . That was a holocaust . And the Europeans denied this holocaust . " Israel came under criticism from Chavez , who called it a "  small country with atomic bombs , and very aggressive country . ... They have massacred entire families . It is a war-mongering country . " Turning to the situation in his own country , Chavez denied that he is trying to shut down critical media , such as the independent Globovision TV station . Government officials have levied several charges against the station , saying that it is disseminating false information and trying to foment dissatisfaction against Chavez . The Chavez government has repealed licenses for other independent TV and radio stations , and has threatened to do so against Globovision . Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter this week joined human rights groups and others who have expressed concern over what they see as Chavez becoming too authoritarian . Chavez dismissed the criticism . "  Never in Venezuela have we had so much freedom of speech as now , " he said . Pressed by King about whether he is going to shut down Globovision , Chavez answered , "  I do not know . It depends on them . If they keep on sponsoring coup d'etats , if they keep on calling for my assassination , if they keep on breaching the law even as well , it is not Chavez that 's going to close them . I want to apply the law . We need to respect the law . It is the law . It 's out of logic , and it 's pure logic . " As to Carter , Chavez said , "  Yes , I read that and I regret for him , because I think he 's totally confounded and lost . It 's a long time since he visited us . I respect him enormously , but I think he is wrong . He 's a victim of so much falsehood in the world . "	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says he loves Jesus Christ , U.S. people , culture Chavez says he hopes for improved relations with U.S. President Barack Obama He denies he is trying to shut down critical media in Venezuela He denies Iran would help Venezuela obtain nuclear technology
CNN  -- The evidence that people are getting tired of 3-D continues to pile up . The latest bad news comes from Nintendo president Satoru Iwata , who in an interview with The Independent admitted that interest in 3-D is "  perhaps slightly on the wane again . " Although Nintendo will continue to offer 3-D in its handheld gaming devices , it wo n't be a major selling point , says Iwata : "  So , now we 've created the 3DS and 3DS XL and also have some games out there that are really using that 3-D effect that we can see , from my point of view , that it 's an important element . But as human beings are this kind of surprise effect wears off quickly , and just -LSB- having -RSB- this 3-D stereoscopic effect is n't going to keep people excited . " Iwata 's view that 3-D is "  slightly on the wane " seems like an understatement . You need n't look far for other signs that 3-D is failing . Consider the box office . Although studios released 19 more 3-D movies in 2011 than the year before , 3-D box office revenue fell by 18 % in the U.S. , or about $ 400 million , according to the Motion Picture Association of America . Last month , 3-D attendance hit a record low for the opening weekend of Pixar 's "  Brave , " with just 32 % of revenues coming from 3-D , says the Hollywood Reporter . While "  The Avengers " fared better , with a little more than half of sales coming from 3-D tickets , it 's not even close to the 83 % 3-D revenue that "  Avatar " enjoyed in December 2009 . The days where you absolutely had to see a hit movie in 3-D are over . The 3-D TV situation is n't much better . Sales of 3-D televisions are on the rise in the U.S. according to The NPD Group , but only 14 % of consumers who might buy a TV in the next six months say 3-D is a "  must-have " feature . Most people just think of it as future-proofing â $ " something that might be nice to have . Even Samsung , the world 's largest TV maker , admits that 3-D TV has n't lived up to the hype , and the company is now exalting web-connected smart TVs as its next big source of growth . It 's easy to guess why 3-D is struggling in movies and television sets : People do n't want to be burdened with 3-D glasses , or worry about eye strain , and pay a premium for the privilege . But Nintendo 's cooling attitude toward glasses-free 3-D signals a deeper problem : Even once you remove the pesky glasses , the novelty of 3-D wears off . That 's a pretty staggering admission from a company that put the term "  3D " in the name of its handheld . At least with 3-D hype deflated , media and tech companies can focus on more important things . Samsung can put more effort into smart TV . Nintendo can work on adding more features and new entertainment apps to the 3DS . I know this is a stretch , but maybe Hollywood can stop putting out so many bad movies . Those all seem like better alternatives than fooling your eyes into seeing another dimension . This article originally appeared on Time.com : The 3-D hype bubble Is now completely busted	It 's evident people are getting tired of 3-D technology Nintendo will continue to offer 3-D , but it wo n't be a major selling point Box office revenue for 3-D movies fell by 18 % in the U.S. in 2011 Only 14 % of consumers who might buy a TV in the next six months say 3-D is a must-have
CNN  -- Sergei Shevchenko is standing in an old Soviet era school building , staring at photos on a wall . The images show 10 smiling young men , wearing hockey jerseys . "  Vitali Anikeyenko . I remember this young guy very well . He was very kind . He came from Kiev , " Shevchenko says , pointing to a picture . "  Maxim Shuvalov was the youngest . Born in 1993 . He had just graduated from school . " Russia mourns hockey players killed in plane crash Shevchenko knew them all . He was their history teacher and principal at Yaroslavl 's School Number 9 . He watched them learn , grow and realize their dream of playing for the only professional sporting team anyone in this small Russian city really cares about -- the Lokomotiv Hockey Club . Those 10 men were among the 37 players and officials from Lokomotiv who died when their plane crashed on September 7th , 2011 . "  They were truly heroes of their time , " Shevchenko says . "  Successful , healthy , strong and beautiful . Of course everyone wanted to be like them and they were icons to everybody . " School Number Nine gives an insight into what ice hockey and Lokomotiv mean to the people of Yaroslavl . Parents send their children here to learn maths , history , literature and hockey . The school set up its hockey program 20 years ago after teachers noticed too many students were skipping class to stay on the ice . Shevchenko says many boys from the age of five decide they want to spend their life playing hockey and the school 's job is to support them . NHL feels the loss from Russian plane crash "  Training , games , everything here is managed to achieve one goal - to make the students real , professional hockey players , " he says . "  The spirit of hockey throughout these years has filled the life of this city so deeply it 's now impossible to say where Lokomotiv ends and where Yaroslavl begins . They are one . " That bond between the city and its team was shown to the world in the days after the plane crash . The Russian built Yak-42 was supposed to carry the Lokomotiv players to Minsk for their first regular season match of Russia 's top competition , the Kontinental Hockey League . The plane only stayed in the air a few moments after takeoff before slamming into a nearby river . 44 people on board were killed . One member of the crew survived . Investigators blamed pilot error . Dozens killed as Russian plane carrying hockey team crashes The city 's grief was overwhelming and one year on emotions are still raw . On the first anniversary of the crash large crowds of people visited the club 's arena and the cemetery where 14 of the men are buried . They left flowers and wept openly . Friends and families of the victims marked the day by returning to the site of the plane 's fiery impact . They prayed and threw flowers into the river . Some fell to their knees and broke down , still consumed by loss . The trauma is also felt far beyond Yaroslavl , throughout the international ice hockey community . Many of Lokomotiv 's players and coaches came from across Russia , Europe and North America . Lokomotiv 's head coach was Canadian Brad McCrimmon . His wife Maureen , daughter Carlin and son Liam traveled from the United States to be at the crash site one year after his death . They held each other and stood by the river with hundreds of other people who feel the same pain . Probe : Pilot error caused crash that killed hockey team "  It was very hard but I could n't imagine being anywhere else today , " Maureen McCrimmon says . "  It feels just as bad as it did the day we found out . Sometimes I think it has n't even sunk in yet . We still ca n't believe it when we come here and see this . " While many in Yaroslavl have focused on healing , the Lokomotiv hockey club has also had to dedicate a lot of effort to rebuilding . It carefully selected new players and coaches and trained hard to achieve the club 's ambitious goal of returning as a competitive force in top level hockey just one year after losing its whole team . "  We 're hoping to give that team an awful lot of pride to look down on and watch the way we play in a very professional manner , " says Lokomotiv 's new head coach , American Tom Rowe . On September 16th almost 10,000 screaming people watched the new Lokomotiv play a KHL game on home ice for the first time . The Yaroslavl crowd roared and desperately willed them to victory . It was n't to be . They lost 2-1 . But Lokomotiv 's fans still cheered the players as they left the ice . In Yaroslavl overwhelming sadness is slowly giving way to pride and hope . But the loss of the community 's most loved heroes will not be forgotten . Russian hockey player dies from injuries after plane crash At School Number 9 principal Sergei Shevchenko says he now takes all new students to see the memorial to the lost players . It sits next to another plaque , remembering former students who died in Russia 's recent wars . In Shevchenko 's office he gently holds his most valued possession , a hockey stick that used to belong to his former pupil and Lokomotiv star Ivan Tkachenko . It was recovered from the plane 's wreckage . "  In my arms is a piece of what Ivan used to touch , with what he went into battle with each game , with what he was never apart from for all his life , devoting it to this sport . It makes you want to be closer to him and his favorite activity . But it 's very sad that the thing that Ivan used to hold exists when Ivan does not . " Editor 's note : Healing through Hockey -- a special World Sport documentary on the tragedy will air on the CNN International Network : 9/29/12 at 3:00 pm EST  premiere  and 9:00 pm EST 9/30/12 at 6:00 am EST and 10:00 pm EST	37 players and officials from Lokomotiv were killed in plane crash on September 7 2011 Flight was scheduled to land in Minsk but slammed into river just after take off Sergei Shevchenko was the history teacher and principal of 10 players Shevchenko : "  They were heroes of their time . "
CNN  -- It was a meeting apparently straight off the TV screen : Bart Simpson called before Mr. Burns after allegedly causing trouble . But the encounter did not play out in cartoon form , but rather at Warwick Crown Court in the English Midlands . Barton Simpson , known as Bart , appeared Monday before the judge , Mr. Recorder Burns , to face charges of possession of a firearm and possession of a dangerous article on board an aircraft . He pleaded guilty to the latter charge and was ordered to do 100 hours of unpaid work in the community and to pay a fine of 800 pounds  $ 1,200  to the court . He had previously denied possession of a firearm . The gun was seized and destroyed . Simpson 's cartoon namesake is the star of the long-running U.S. TV series "  The Simpsons , " which also features a Mr. Burns -- who runs the local nuclear power plant and is Bart 's father 's boss -- as a nemesis .	Defendant named Bart Simpson appears before a judge named Mr. Burns The unlikely encounter plays out at Warwick Crown Court in England Simpson , charged with possession of a firearm , says he 's not guilty
CNN  -- Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak told reporters over the weekend that "  deliberate " action by somebody on board accounted for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 veering off course . Could the mystery of Malaysia Airlines 370 then be explained as an act of terrorism ? To answer that you have to assess both the capabilities and the intentions of the known terrorist groups that might want to hijack such a plane . And you have to ask the question : Cui bono ? For whose benefit ? The al Qaeda-affiliated group , Jemaah Islamiyah , has a presence in Malaysia as well as in the Philippines and Indonesia . But the group has been under sustained law enforcement pressure for more than a decade after it bombed nightclubs on the Indonesian island of Bali in 2002 , killing more than 200 people , mostly Western tourists . The group has also carried out bombings at the Australian Embassy in Indonesia and the JW Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Hotels in the Indonesian capital , Jakarta . However , the capabilities of the once-potent Jemaah Islamiyah have eroded over time . And would Jemaah Islamiyah , an Islamist militant group , target for attack the air carrier of a majority Muslim country on which quite a number of Muslims were likely traveling ? It is more plausible that the group would select a Western airline because Western embassies and Western brand-name hotels have been the focus of their previous attacks and plots . A terrorist group that might have a motive is the East Turkestan Islamic Movement , a separatist group in China founded by Uyghurs that has had some historical ties to al Qaeda and the Taliban . The Uyghurs are an ethnic group in western China who are Muslim . The group has conducted a number of terrorist attacks in China . Uyghur terrorists might have a motive to hijack the Malaysia Airlines flight as it was bound for Beijing and most of the passengers were Chinese . But Uyghur militants have operated almost exclusively inside China . And when they have tried to mount hijackings in the past they have been complete flops . On March 9 , 2008 , a 19-year old Uyghur woman attempted to set off some kind of explosive device on a flight from the Xinjiang Uyghur region en route to Beijing . The flight crew detained the woman before she could detonate the device . Four year later , on June 29 , 2012 , half a dozen Uyghur men attempted to take control of an aircraft flying in the Xinjiang Uyghur region using pieces of a metal crutch that had been sharpened to make crude weapons . This plot was also foiled . Bolstering the view that Uyghur terrorists did not hijack the Malaysia Airlines flight , on Tuesday a Chinese official said that background checks on the passengers on the plane produced no evidence that any of the Chinese citizens on board were involved in terrorism . Beyond Uyghur militants or operatives of Jemaah Islamiyah , might there be other terrorist groups with the motivation and capability of pulling off the hijacking of the Malaysia Airlines flight ? It does n't seem so . If this were a hijacking for political purposes , the hijacking would have been followed by an act designed to send a political message , such as the planes hijacked on 9/11 that were then flown into the World Trade Center and Pentagon . Or there would be set of demands , as was the case with the Indian Airlines flight that was hijacked to Kandahar , Afghanistan , by militant Kashmiri separatists in December 1999 . They demanded the release of leading militants in Indian jails , a demand to which the Indian government acceded . Or there would be a credible claim of responsibility . The one claim of responsibility so far is from an outfit calling itself the Chinese Martyrs ' Brigade . This claim is not deemed to be credible . Malaysian Transport Minister Datuk Seri Hishammuddin Hussein told reporters last week : "  There is no sound or credible grounds to justify their claims . ' " If the diversion of Malaysia Airlines 370 was not an act of terrorism , the other likely scenarios are a pilot suicide attempt , the piracy of the plane for some kind of economic reason or the commandeering of the aircraft by someone with an idiosyncratic motive that will only become clear over time .	Officials say Flight 370 was diverted , but how likely is it that terrorists were responsible ? Peter Bergen says known terrorist groups seem unlikely to be involved Jemaah Islamiyah has a presence in Malaysia , but it has been on the decline , he says Bergen : If a terrorist group was responsible , it has n't acted to achieve any political aims
CNN  -- Longtime ABC News personality Barbara Walters will retire from broadcasting next year after a half-century trailblazing career , according to several media reports Thursday . ABC , where Walters has worked as a news anchor and talk show host since 1976 , answered with "  no comment " when CNN called about the reports quoting unnamed network sources in the New York Times and on Deadline.com . Viewers see Walters , 83 , mostly these days as co-host of ABC 's daytime talker "  The View , " which she helped create in 1997 . The plan is for her retirement to be announced in May , giving a year for ABC to pay tribute to her before she stops working in May 2014 , Deadline.com reported . Walters went through a health scare in January when she suffered a cut on her forehead after falling on a stair while visiting the British ambassador 's residence in Washington . She underwent surgery to repair a heart valve three years ago . Walters ' national broadcast career began in 1961 as a reporter , writer and panel member on NBC 's "  Today Show . " She was promoted to co-host in 1974 , but she was hired away by ABC in 1976 . At ABC , she began "  The Barbara Walters Specials " and "  10 Most Fascinating People , " which has become a regular year-end program . Walters has interviewed every U.S. president and first lady since Richard and Pat Nixon . She spent two decades , starting in 1984 as co-host and correspondent for ABC 's news magazine show "  20/20 . " She still reports on occasion . Walters , who was born in Boston in 1929 , is the daughter of a theater producer .	ABC says "  no comment " to reports Barbara Walters will retire in May 2014 New York Times and on Deadline.com cite unnamed network executives Walters began her national broadcast career on NBC 's "  Today Show " in 1961 She 's interviewed every U.S. president and first lady since Richard and Pat Nixon
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A South African commission tasked with investigating the killings of dozens of striking miners by police started its proceedings Monday with a moment of silence and the reading of the victims ' names . President Jacob Zuma ordered the inquiry into the killings , one of the deadliest attacks since the end of apartheid in 1994 . The proceedings are open to the public except in cases where officials believe justice will be undermined , the commission said in a statement . For the next two days , the commission will look into how the events unfolded . Members plan to visit the settlement where the miners lived to assess conditions . The strikes started in August at Lonmin-owned Marikana platinum mine in the nation 's northwest . Police opened fire on demonstrators the same month , killing 34 workers . An additional 10 people died in the protests , including two police officers . South African authorities at first charged 270 miners with murder before dropping the charges pending further investigation . Workers at the mine ended their weekslong strike last month after accepting a pay hike of up to 22 % . Rights groups are calling for transparency and fairness in the proceedings . "  The powers and ability of the Commission of Inquiry appointed to investigate the deaths of 44 people near Lonmin 's Marikana mine in August must be clarified to ensure justice and redress for all those affected , " Amnesty International said in a statement last week . Amnesty expressed concerns on the safety of witnesses and whether the commission has enough resources to support those providing evidence to the inquiry . "  Many potential witnesses may need financial support to engage with the commission , including for legal advice and transport , " Amnesty said . The commission will look into the conduct of Lonmin , the South African police and the workers ' unions during the strikes . It will have the powers to issue subpoenas and conduct searches . CNN 's Nkepile Mabuse reported from Johannesburg ; Faith Karimi from Atlanta	NEW : The commission members plan to visit the settlement where the miners lived The commission will look into the conduct of Lonmin , mine unions and police Protests at the mine in the northwest killed 44 people , including two police officers Of those , 34 miners were killed in a clash with police
CNN  -- A imprisoned former Mexican general has been released for lack of evidence nearly a year after his arrest on corruption charges . Retired Gen. Tomas Angeles Dauahare , along with three other high-ranking military leaders , was accused of ties to drug traffickers . He was arrested in May and formally charged in August . The arrests shook confidence in the military , which under former President Felipe Calderon had done the heavy lifting in the offensive against drug cartels . The military was chosen to go after the cartels because it was seen as less corruptible than local and state forces . At the time of the arrests , lawmakers lamented what they said could be one of the highest-level corruption cases in Mexico 's recent history . Since then , a new president and new attorney general assumed posts , and in January prosecutors said they had no evidence to incriminate Angeles Dauahare . A judge on Wednesday ordered the retired general 's release , and the attorney general 's office agreed with the order . Angeles Dauahare walked out of prison Wednesday night wearing gray sweats and tennis shoes . The accusations against him were defamatory and false , he told reporters , calling himself "  a victim of the last  presidential  term . " Other generals who remain in custody for alleged ties to organized crimes will also be freed , he predicted . Angeles Dauahare was arrested last year together with Brig. Gen. Roberto Dawe Gonzalez , retired Lt. Col. Silvio Isidro de Jesus Hernandez Soto and retired Gen. Ricardo Escorcia Vargas , a former deputy defense secretary . CNNMexico 's Mauricio Torres and CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Retired Gen. Tomas Angeles Dauahare faced charges of corruption He was accused of ties with a drug cartel Prosecutors said they had no evidence to incriminate Angeles Dauahare
CNN  Wait ! Were these really the Golden Globes that we watched on Sunday night ? Could n't have been . Where was the rampaging snark or the woozyboozy stage patter we 've hated to love -- or vice versa -- year after year ? It was a Globes ceremony on its best grown-up behavior . The outside world was more present than usual at this year 's show , with a few shout-outs of freedom-of-speech solidarity with the victims of last week 's deadly Charlie Hebdo terrorist attack in Paris . The topical jokes from co-hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler -- including a couple of pointed  and not too shabby  impressions of a lascivious Bill Cosby -- landed deftly enough , though the running gag featuring Margaret Cho as a grim-faced North Korean representative of the Hollywood press may have gone on slightly longer than it needed . In fact this year 's show seemed to work harder than ever to keep the traffic flowing and the loose ends from dangling . Even those who were glumly pretending at humiliation  looking at you , Ricky Gervais  or succeeded at humiliating themselves  maybe we wo n't see your movie on Friday after all , Kevin Hart  did n't seem to have their hearts in it . For the most part , there was so much deportment , grace and dignified good intentions on display that you 'd have thought you were watching the Oscars or something ! And they 're not the Oscars . That much has n't changed . Voters for the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , a group of about 90 who write about movies and TV for the international press , have very little connection with or bearing upon the thousands of actors , directors , cinematographers , producers , writers , directors and other movie trades people who 'll be voting on the Academy Awards . But perhaps this year , more than any other in recent memory , people peered into the Globes to get an early sense of who 's got the legs to score big . That 's because after a year that movie pundits considered among the more dismal in both overall quality and box office returns , there has n't been a movie showing big-footed momentum heading into awards season . The verdict ? Cloudy , but with some signs . Michael Keaton 's prize for best actor in a comedy or musical seemed to signal a big night for "  Birdman , " which also won for best screenplay . But "  The Grand Budapest Hotel " scored the best comedy or musical Globe , while "  Boyhood " won for best drama . "  Boyhood 's " front-running status for best picture is likely solidified after winning so many year-end critics ' awards . But that could change . Sunday night 's audience -- which by the way contained far more people who will cast Oscar votes than it did HFPA voters -- seemed most galvanized when Prince awarded the best original song Globe to Common and John Legend for collaborating on the song "  Glory " from "  Selma . " In his acceptance speech , Common further roused the house by saying , "  I realize I am the hopeful black woman who was denied her right to vote . I am the caring white supporter killed on the front lines of freedom . I am the unarmed black kid who maybe needed a hand but instead was given a bullet . I am the two fallen police officers murdered in the line of duty . ` Selma ' has awakened my humanity . " It 's not improbable that those listening may find themselves feeling the same way in a few weeks when they fill out their Oscar ballots . The outside world has a way of intruding on the bigger show , even in a year where there was more to be nervous about than inspired by .	Gene Seymour : Golden Globes shed snarky vibe for more sober ceremony this year Topical jokes touched on N. Korea , Cosby ; there were solidarity shout-outs to Parisians Seymour : Enthusiasm after "  Selma " best song win may be a hint at where Oscar will go
New York  CNN  -- More than 80 Michael Jackson collectibles -- including the late pop star 's famous rhinestone-studded glove from a 1983 performance -- were auctioned off Saturday , reaping a total $ 2 million . Profits from the auction at the Hard Rock Cafe in New York 's Times Square crushed pre-sale expectations of only $ 120,000 in sales . The highly prized memorabilia , which included items spanning the many stages of Jackson 's career , came from more than 30 fans , associates and family members , who contacted Julien 's Auctions to sell their gifts and mementos of the singer . Jackson 's flashy glove was the big-ticket item of the night , fetching $ 420,000 from a buyer in Hong Kong , China . Jackson wore the glove at a 1983 performance during "  Motown 25 , " an NBC special where he debuted his revolutionary moonwalk . Fellow Motown star Walter "  Clyde " Orange of the Commodores , who also performed in the special 26 years ago , said he asked for Jackson 's autograph at the time , but Jackson gave him the glove instead . "  The legacy that -LSB- Jackson -RSB- left behind is bigger than life for me , " Orange said . "  I hope that through that glove people can see what he was trying to say in his music and what he said in his music . " Orange said he plans to give a portion of the proceeds to charity . Hoffman Ma , who bought the glove on behalf of Ponte 16 Resort in Macau , paid a 25 percent buyer 's premium , which was tacked onto all final sales over $ 50,000 . Winners of items less than $ 50,000 paid a 20 percent premium . Darren Julien , president and CEO of Julien 's Auctions , said people were hungry for such tokens of Jackson 's life , as evidenced by the 3,500 who registered as bidders for the auction . "  Michael was very generous , " Julien said . "  If you were friends with Michael Jackson or an important part of his life , occasionally he would give something away , and that 's a very big reason that these things got out in the public . " A signature black synthetic blend jacket from Jackson 's 16-month Bad World Tour , his first concert tour as a solo artist , sold for $ 270,000 . Featuring black straps with silver buckles and zippers , the jacket came to symbolize Jackson 's "  Bad " era . Tori Renza , whose father bought her the Bad jacket when she was just 4 years old , said she grew up singing and dancing to Jackson 's songs around her house . "  It just became part of our family , " said Renza , who planned to use the money from the auction to pay back student loans . Jackson 's famed fedora , which he sported at the 1995 MTV Music Awards , sold for $ 73,800 . It was one of three hats Jackson wore during a 10-minute medley before hurling it into the crowd . The hat was auctioned at a charity event that year , and the letter of verification is signed "  Lisa Marie Presley Jackson , " the daughter of Elvis Presley who was married to Jackson for nearly two years . "  To my knowledge , there were not a lot of letters that she signed with her full name , " Julien said . Handwritten lyrics of the 1983 smash hit "  Beat It , " which Jackson scribbled on a piece of white paper , went for $ 60,000 . One of the more bizarre items up for bidding , an upper mold used to fit Jackson with animal fangs for the 1983 video for "  Thriller , " sold for more than $ 10,000 . The auction also allowed the world to see photographs of Jackson engaged in simple activities , like driving . His 1985 Mercedes-Benz 500 SEL , which he ultimately gave to an aunt as a birthday gift , was auctioned for $ 104,500 . "  What 's even more significant is that we have photos of Michael driving the car , " Julien said . "  When have you seen Michael driving a car ? He was always chauffeured or driven . " There were also a number of autographed photos , as well as signed books , collectibles and artwork . Even Jackson 's doodles and sketches of the likes of Frankenstein , Mickey Mouse and Charlie Chaplin were up for sale . Lee Tompkins , a renowned pencil artist who said he came to know Jackson in the early 1980s and owns approximately 75 of Jackson 's artworks , auctioned two of Jackson 's pieces : one of a vagabond and the other of Charlie Chaplin . They sold for $ 20,000 and $ 33,280 respectively . "  He 's more than just a singer and dancer . He was an artist first , " Thompkins said . Before Saturday 's auction , the items were exhibited in Santiago , Chile ; Dublin , Ireland ; and Tokyo , Japan , where crowds lined up for hours get a glimpse of them , Julien said . "  Michael Jackson is looking down and has to be happy , " he said after the auction , adding , "  We lost an icon . "	Among items auctioned Saturday : jacket , song lyrics , sketches , dental mold Famous rhinestone-studded glove fetched $ 420,000 Hat 's letter of verification signed by Jackson 's ex-wife Lisa Marie Presley
Washington  CNN  -- A 31-year-old Oklahoma woman helped make medical history and started a chain of "  paying it forward " when she decided to donate her kidney to a stranger halfway around the world , a man in Athens , Greece , officials announced Friday . Elizabeth Gay was the history-making donor , and Michalis Helmis was the recipient . His wife , Dora Papaioannou-Helmis , in return donated one of her kidneys to a patient in Wilkes-Barre , Pennsylvania . The announcement of the first intercontinental organ exchange was made at a news conference held at the Greek Embassy in Washington . "  The joint effort of ` paying it forward ' confirms what a huge difference an individual can make , " Greek Ambassador Vassilis Kaskarelis said during the press conference . It "  confirms that we are all part of one world , that our fates are intertwined and that if we all work together , the possibilities are endless " So far , one Greek and four American lives have been saved , and two more transplants are scheduled with a donor from Trinidad and Tobago joining the chain . Gay was the first in the chain of kidney transplants . "  The opportunity to help change someone 's life , in itself , would be an honor but to potentially change the world -- it 's huge , " she said , "  I felt that ... a month of surgery and recovery in order to help give someone else life was completely worth it . " Before Gay could get the opportunity , though , Greek law had to be changed to allow the exchange . Greece 's transplant law -- intended to prevent black market organ harvesting -- stated that only a first or second relative could donate a kidney . Papaioannou-Helmis , whose husband was in desperate need of a kidney transplant , spearheaded the efforts to change the law . After meeting with various officials and ministers , Helmis family attorney Vasilis Athanasiou said they "  understood what could be done . " The law was changed 18 months later , and the Greek couple flew to the United States in December 2011 so the husband could start the process and receive his new kidney . Four months later , she returned to donate her kidney to a Pennsylvania man -- a chain started by a practice called "  kidney pair donation . " "  Kidney pair donation is when two people come together -- someone loves somebody enough that they want to give them a kidney , but they find out that they 're not compatible , " said Dr. Michael Rees , director of transplantation at the University of Toledo , where the Gray/Helmis kidney exchange took place . "  So instead , they 're willing to give a stranger a kidney so that another stranger can give their loved one a kidney . " "  As a donor I feel very well and I 'm very calm , " Papaioannou-Helmis , who attended Friday 's news conference with her husband via Skype , said through a translator . "  Every day that I see Michalis well I 'm very happy . And every day I think of Liz , and I think of the person that received my kidney , Mr. Charles Ripple and I wonder how he 's doing , how he 's feeling every day . " "  It 's just been fabulous . Everything is working good , " Ripple responded , "  I feel the best I 've felt in a couple years . " Theodora , Dora Papaioannou-Helmis ' full name , in Greek means "  gift from God . "	Elizabeth Gay , 31 , of Oklahoma donates her kidney to a stranger in Greece The stranger 's wife donates her kidney to someone in Pennsylvania The Greek Embassy in Washington announces the first intercontinental organ exchange
CNN  -- Maybe it pays to be a complainer . Several DirecTV customers are reporting on online forums that they were able to get up to $ 10 per month knocked off their bills because they threatened to leave the satellite TV company over the fact that Viacom programming is no longer available for DirecTV customers . "  Wow they must like me , I got $ 10 off per month for 12 months , Starz for free for 6 months , and NFL Sunday Ticket for $ 99 . So I come out $ 20 ahead after a year , " one commenter wrote on a forum on the site Satellite Guys . "  All I did was say I 'd like to cancel due to the Viacom dispute . I was not expecting to get all that thrown at me . " A dispute between satellite provider DirecTV and the media company Viacom led late Tuesday to nearly 20 million customers losing access to 26 Viacom channels , including MTV , Nickelodeon and Comedy Central . CNNMoney has more information on the dispute : "  Viacom is seeking a 30 % increase , or $ 1 billion more than its previous deal , DirecTV said in a statement . Viacom countered that its proposed increase totals ' a couple of pennies per day per subscriber . ' Disputes between media companies and cable or satellite TV providers have become increasingly common , but this one is hitting an especially wide audience . " DirecTV announced that it would give its subscribers free access to premium Encore channels this month to show appreciation for their loyalty . "  To thank you for your patience until Viacom channels are returned , all eight Encore Channels  including Encore Family  will be made available to all customers thru July 31st , " the company wrote Wednesday on its Facebook page . "  Tune to Channels 535 to 542 to start watching . " People who called the company , however , seemed to get better offers . Another commenter on the Satellite Guys forum wrote that he or she received "  $ 5 off for 3 months , $ 5 off Starz 6 months , $ 5 off Sports Pack 6 months " from the company . "  I  only asked about it , never said I wanted anything ! Very well done Directv ! " that commenter wrote . "  I got $ 25 off of Premier for 6 months , " wrote another person . CNN could not independently verify these reports . In response to a question about whether the company is offering deals to customers who threaten to leave , a spokesman said only that DirecTV is "  always willing to work with our customers to keep them happy . " "  We have not seen an impact on our subscriber numbers and an overwhelming number of our customers are telling us they will stick with us until this is resolved , " the spokesman said in a statement . "  They appreciate that we are fighting on their behalf to keep their bills at an acceptable level . " Several forums reported relatively long wait times for people who placed calls to DirecTV . And the Internet is full of hate mail for both DirecTV and Viacom . CNNMoney tech reporter David Goldman said he called the company to complain about his service and was offered a deal similar to those being discussed in the online forums . "  I figured with the Viacom thing , DirecTV might be extra amenable to giving me a deal , " he wrote in an e-mail . "  Turns out I was right ... When I got someone and told her I was thinking of canceling , she found several deals to save me $ 25 a month and give me some nice perks . I 'm getting $ 5 off HBO for 3 months , free DVR for 12 months  $ 10 off  , and another $ 10 off my bill for 24 months . I also got NFL Sunday Ticket for free this year . " The deals did n't appear to placate all customers , however . "  Just scored $ 5.00 monthly credit and free Showtime for 3 months , " one commenter wrote on a FatWallet.com forum . "  Would rather have Comedy Central back ! " CNNMoney 's Erin Kim contributed to this report .	DirecTV customers report getting deals to keep them with the company Some say they were offered $ 10 off per month to stay with DirecTV This comes as the satellite company is in dispute with Viacom Viacom channels , including Comedy Central , are no longer available on DirecTV
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- There 's not much to cheer inside the once venerable Secret Service lately , but veterans are thrilled that at this moment of crisis that "  Father Joe " agreed to take the helm . Before Wednesday , people outside of the Secret Service were n't familiar with Joe Clancy when President Obama appointed him to be the interim head of the agency . But , within the Secret Service , he is still well known and highly regarded . Fellow agents call Joe Clancy "  Father Joe " because he looks the part of a priest but also because of how he goes about his business . Clancy has a good relationship with both Obamas . And in addition to being in charge of protecting the President as the director of the Presidential Protective Division  PPD  , he worked closely with the first couple on the protection arrangements for the daughters . The Obamas have been generally happy with that according to several colleagues that served with him at the time . One likely knock on Clancy that has been mentioned since his temporary appointment is that he was in charge of PPD at the time of the infamous Salahi gate crashing incident in 2009 . Even though PPD agents have little to do with guest clearance at events , when the crisis exploded , Clancy offered to resign . The director at the time , Mark Sullivan , said no . Not telling Obama of elevator breath was ` final straw ' for Pierson There was some talk of Clancy coming back when Sullivan left and before Julia Pierson was appointed , for either the number one or number two job , but he preferred to stay in the private sector at the time . Clancy left his job as executive director of Comcast Cable Security for this role . What remains unanswered about Clancy is whether he wants the job permanently or whether pressure will be too great for an outsider to be chosen . Secret Service insiders think that it would be a mistake to bring in an outsider . They argue for a new management type as a number two but think you need a "  take the bullet " person as director . They did n't know if that argument will carry the day in this environment . But now that Pierson is gone , agency veterans are thrilled Clancy agreed to come back . They were worried the outsider thing would be immediate . Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigns	Some members of the Secret Service call the new interim director "  Father Joe . " Since leaving active duty , Joe Clancy has worked in security at Comcast Clancy worked for years on the personal protection team for Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama met Tuesday with Senate Democrats and emerged to say Congress was "  on the precipice " of passing a sweeping health care reform bill . "  There are some differences that still have to be worked on , " Obama said after talks with Democrats trying to push their bill through the Senate . But "  there is broad consensus around -LSB- a set of -RSB- reforms . " Obama spoke after Connecticut Sen. Joe Lieberman indicated he was prepared to back reform legislation on condition that the bill drops both a controversial government-run public health insurance option and a provision allowing 55 - to 64-year-olds to buy into Medicare . If the public option and Medicare buy-in are removed from the bill , "  then I 'm going to be in a position where I can say ... that I 'm ready to vote for health care reform , " Lieberman told reporters on Capitol Hill . In a later interview with CNN , Lieberman said he was "  moving very much in the direction of saying yes , pending just seeing what I 've been told is happening with the bill . " An independent who caucuses with the Democrats , Lieberman has emerged as the main obstacle to the majority party 's efforts to get the health care bill passed by the Senate before Christmas . He threatened over the weekend to join a GOP filibuster if the legislation contains either the public option or the Medicare expansion . Unanimous Republican opposition to health care legislation so far means Senate Democrats need the backing of all 60 members of their caucus to end debate on the bill and move to a final vote . Final Senate passage of the bill would then require only a simple majority of 51 votes . Senate Democrats held an emergency meeting Monday night to discuss the issue , then gathered with Obama on Tuesday afternoon to hear the president 's opinion . "  The final bill wo n't include everything that everybody wants . No bill can do that , " Obama said afterward . "  But what I told my former colleagues today is that we simply can not allow differences over individual elements of this plan to prevent us from meeting our responsibility to solve a longstanding and urgent problem for the American people . " Obama insisted "  any fair reading " of the Senate bill showed it meets the administration 's criteria of lowering costs and expanding coverage while not adding to the federal deficit . Some Democrats disagreed . Former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean -- a former presidential candidate and past head of the Democratic National Committee -- ripped the decision to eliminate the public option and the Medicare expansion . "  This is essentially the collapse of health care reform in the United States Senate and , honestly , the best thing to do right now is kill the Senate bill and go back to the House , " Dean said in an interview with Vermont Public Radio posted on its Web site . In his interview with CNN , Lieberman acknowledged he angered some of his colleagues , but said he was acting on principle , not politics . "  I knew some of them were upset about positions I 'd taken , " Lieberman said . "  But like each of them , I did n't get elected by telling my voters in Connecticut that I would follow the majority of my caucus even if I thought on some things they were wrong . We each have to do what we think is right . " Political differences require compromise , even within the Democratic caucus , Lieberman said . "  In a group of 60 senators , achieving ideological uniformity is impossible because the country is too big and we represent too many people , " he said . Before the meeting with Obama , liberal Sens. Tom Harkin of Iowa and Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia indicated that the Medicare buy-in would likely be dropped . While they did n't like the idea , they suggested they would support a health care bill anyway . Democrats "  may have to do what Mr. Lieberman wants , " Harkin told CNN . Lieberman supported letting older workers buy into Medicare in 2000 , when he was the Democratic vice presidential candidate , and as recently as September in comments to a Connecticut newspaper . Now , he said both Monday and Tuesday , the country has huge deficits -- as opposed to a budget surplus nine years ago -- and Medicare is poised to run out of money in 2017 . The Medicare buy-in was part of a package of provisions announced by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid last week as an alternative to a public option , which lacked enough support among Democrats to break a GOP filibuster . Negotiated by a team of 10 Democratic senators -- five liberal and five moderate -- the compromise package had been hailed by Reid , Obama and others as an important step forward in the health care debate . The package also would allow private insurers to offer nonprofit health coverage overseen by the government . But many senators have reserved judgment on the compromise proposal until the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office provides its analysis of how much it costs . The CBO estimate was expected to be completed as soon as Tuesday . Most Democrats have supported the public option as a nonprofit competitor to private insurers that would expand coverage and bring down prices . Republicans and some moderate Democrats , along with the health insurance industry -- one of the major employers in Lieberman 's home state -- oppose a public option , calling it a first step toward a government takeover of the U.S. health care system . "  I have n't received any pressure from the insurance companies , " Lieberman insisted Tuesday . "  I mean it . Periodically , they 'll talk to my staff about one thing or another , but ... I 've never hesitated to take on the insurance companies . " Another potential obstacle for Reid is moderate Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska , who said Sunday said he can not support the Senate bill without tighter restrictions on federal funding for abortion . The Senate last week defeated an amendment proposed by Nelson and two other senators that would adopt tougher language on abortion funding contained in the House health care bill . A compromise on the abortion language is possible , said Nelson , one of the 10 Senate Democrats who negotiated in private last week . If the Senate eventually passes a health care bill , its version will have to be merged with the version the House of Representatives passed in November , which includes a public health insurance plan . The final bill would then need approval from both chambers before going to Obama to be signed into law . Obama and Democratic leaders have said they want the bill completed this year . The Senate would need to finish its work this week to leave a realistic chance of meeting that schedule . CNN 's Dana Bash contributed to this report .	Former head of DNC rips deletions , says Senate bill should be abandoned "  Any fair reading " of bill shows it meets White House criteria , Obama says Top liberal senators indicate Medicare buy-in likely will be dropped Sen. Joe Lieberman had said he would n't back Medicare buy-in
Swine flu may be inspiring fear worldwide , but for Stephan Zielinski of San Francisco , California , it inspired a song . The genes underlying swine flu inspired one amateur musician to compose music based on it . The virus has the classification H1N1 because it includes two key viral proteins , hemagglutinin  H  and neuraminidase  N  . Zielinski took the genetic sequence of a variant of hemagglutinin and created a computer algorithm to turn it into music . Zielinski , 41 , is not a biochemist or a professional musician -- he 's a writer , photographer , computer programmer , and blogger who creates music in his spare time . But he 's fascinated that , even though biologists can map the genome of the virus and predict what the hemagglutinin protein looks like , the human body still can not distinguish it as the "  bad guy " -- at least , not until there 's a vaccine . Listen to the song "  Although the map is there and you can even make a song out of it , we ca n't explain it to these itty bitty little cells in body , " he said . Using computer programs he created himself , as well as a commercial product , Zielinski composed his song by assigning instruments and musical notes to various properties of the protein . Zielinski took the various categories of amino acids , the building blocks of the protein , and assigned each a different instrument -- piano , organ , low synthesizer , percussion . The melody was created by assigning notes to specific amino acids . Each beat of the song also corresponds to one of numerous amino acids . The work was done entirely with a computer and took about six hours Tuesday , he said . Learn more about swine flu " He first learned of the sequence through an immunologist friend at the Mayo Clinic , he said . Zielinski saw it as a form of highly organized information that a human did not design . "  The only way I could look at that and make sense of it , since I 'm not a biochemist , was , well , I could try translating it into another very organized form of information that people do , and then see if I could hear anything . And the answer , of course , turned out to be no . " But even if the mystery of the virus did not reveal itself in musical form , the result is a curiously melodic , innovative , somewhat soothing work . Dr. Jay Steinberg , infectious disease specialist at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Atlanta , Georgia , called it "  nice ambient music " that 's reminiscent of Brian Eno . Less methodical swine flu songs are also emerging on YouTube . User "  CelicaAaron " parodies the Jonas Brothers ' song "  Lovebug , " crooning , "  I ca n't get your snout out of my mouth / I 'm sick to my stomach all the time . " A short spoken-word effort by user "  Micfri " warns , "  You know who has swine flu ? Pigs ! "	Stephan Zielinski composed a song based on a swine flu gene He created an algorithm that assigns instruments and notes to amino acids YouTube users are also posting swine flu songs
Washington  CNN  -- Every spring , when West Yellowstone Airport in Montana opens for the season , the TSA flies in six people to staff the airport 's one-lane security checkpoint . Every fall , it flies the screeners home . All of that will soon change . The TSA said Monday it will allow the state-owned airport to hire a private company to conduct the TSA screening , making those six screener jobs available to local residents and , quite possibly , saving the federal government money . Locally hired screeners cost half as much as flown-in screeners , because the government does n't have to pay for travel , per diem and housing , according to a 2008 report by the Department of Homeland Security 's Office of Inspector General . That came to $ 219 a day , versus $ 511 per day , in 2005 , the year cited in the report . But the TSA 's decision to allow West Yellowstone to privatize its security workforce is a rare concession these days . The TSA simultaneously rejected requests to privatize screening at two other airports : Bert Mooney Airport , also in Montana , and Orlando Sanford International Airport in Florida . TSA Administrator John Pistole one year ago put the brakes on the government 's privatization program , saying he would approve contract security only if airports could demonstrate it would not hurt security and if there was a "  clear and substantial " advantage to the federal government . Pistole 's action demonstrated his philosophy that protecting aviation is a federal government responsibility , and that privatizing the workforce can decrease his flexibility to move screeners between airports in response to threats . Not everyone agrees . On Tuesday , a House Homeland Security subcommittee will take up the question of whether airport security is best provided by government screeners or the private sector . Subcommittee Chairman Mike Rogers , R-Alabama , said the "  Screening Partnership Program , " as the privatization effort is formally known , creates jobs by replacing federal screeners with private screeners , without impacting security . Though little noticed by the traveling public , the government already allows 16 airports to employ private screeners , including San Francisco International Airport . The private screeners wear TSA uniforms , work under TSA supervision and follow TSA rules and protocols . But other airports want to join . Some airport executives have argued that contract security personnel are more courteous than government workers . "  It was felt that a private contractor would provide friendlier customer service to the traveling public , " the head of a Roswell , New Mexico , airport wrote to Congress . For Debbie Alke , a Montana state transportation department official who sought the change at West Yellowstone , it 's a simple question of jobs . The six TSA jobs held by nonresidents soon will be held by residents , she said . "  We support our people , " she said . "  Even if we could get one Montana job we would be happy . " The TSA said it soon will request bids to operate the airport 's security . The change "  could allow the agency to reassign federal resources to other airports , which would be advantageous to the comprehensive security network , " a spokesman said . The other two airports -- Bert Mooney and Orlando -- "  failed to demonstrate an operational , security , or cost advantage that provides a clear and substantial benefit over federalized screening operations , " he said .	Instead of flying in federal employees , airport will be able to hire locally Plan may save the federal government money TSA decision to allow private security workforce is a rare concession these days
CNN  When I received an advance copy of a book called "  Moody Bitches " last month , I was immediately intrigued . I have been called moody , and the "  b " word , but never have both terms been used -- at once -- to describe me .  At least not that I know of ! Had I been labeled a moody "  b " in the past , I certainly would have taken it as a major insult . But today , if someone called me that , I think I would say , "  Thank you for describing who I am and who we , women , are . There is nothing wrong with being moody , emotional or irritable . " That provocative title , "  Moody Bitches : The Truth About the Drugs You 're Taking , the Sleep You 're Missing , the Sex You 're Not Having and What 's Really Making You Crazy , " got me thinking about whether our emotionality , our monthly ups and downs during our menstrual cycle , should be viewed as such a negative after all . Opinion : Are drugs stifling women ? "  Women have this idea that we are supposed to not be moody and we 're supposed to tamp down that moodiness , " said Julie Holland , author of "  Moody Bitches " and a psychiatrist who has practiced in New York for 20 years . "  It 's like a problem to be fixed and really , I think it 's our greatest asset . It 's certainly our greatest psychological asset . " After all , our empathetic nature helps us understand nonverbal babies -- and not-always-the-most-communicative husbands and partners . Our intuition helps us sense people 's motivations . Our emotions help us realize when something is wrong in our lives . So , why on earth have all of those qualities come to be viewed as a source of weakness , not strength ? And why is at least one in four American women taking some form of psychiatric medication , including antidepressants , versus one in seven men , according to Holland ? Some of these women definitely should be taking antidepressants and other medications , but the question is why are so many other women taking them when they do n't need to be ? This is you on stress ? Those were just some of the many questions a group of us chatted about over coffee recently : Holland , CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin , Cosmopolitan executive editor Leslie Yazel and me . Yazel , a mom of a 4-year-old , wondered if people are afraid of being unhappy . "  I do think that people are afraid to be sad and they 're afraid to be scared , " Holland said . "  I think we spend a lot of time and energy pushing down emotions that are uncomfortable for us . I do n't want to cry right now . I do n't want to be angry . I do n't want to be scared so we push it down , but the problem with pushing it down is it takes a lot of energy and it ends up creating a lot of tension . " Social media , with the endless barrage of gorgeous-looking pictures from family and friends who appear to be having the most perfect lives , certainly does n't help . In fact , a recent study showed that heavy Facebook users experience envy , which could lead to extreme sadness and depression . "  Everyone 's Instagraming their best , most fabulous , freakin ' pictures , and they 're looking so skinny and beautiful and so happy , and they 're going on vacation ... and then you compare it to your life , " said Hostin , a mom of two . It 's not a real or genuine life , Holland said . "  It 's plastic . " But when more and more women medicate away their emotions when they do n't need to be taking antidepressants or any other psychiatric drugs , they create a "  new normal , " she said . Postpartum depression : One mom 's mission becomes a movement "  It 's like doping and biking , or steroids and baseball . If everybody is doing it , then the ones who do n't are at a disadvantage , " said Holland , who is also the author of the best-selling memoir "  Weekends at Bellevue . " "  If everyone is getting boob jobs , then people who do n't end up feeling flat-chested . " And when it seems more normal than not to be on mental health meds , the bar is lowered for when women will go on antidepressants , she said . Women who are medicating away their emotions when they do n't need to be might not realize there are major effects to their decision . Notably , they find it more difficult to cry -- and tougher to orgasm . "  I certainly talk to my patients about sexual side effects . It comes up all the time . In our first meeting , I ask ... ` Is it hard for you to climax because this may end up being an issue ? It 's going to be even harder ' ... but it 's not like it 's in the advertising , " Holland said . "  It may be in the small print on the back of the ad , or they may say it at lightning speed during the TV commercial . " Women today are subjected to a barrage of advertising -- from daytime talk shows to women 's magazines -- about the medications they could take to make them feel better . Women 's desire for sex is complicated , not strictly hormonal , study says "  Twenty years ago , when I started my practice , I had somebody come to me and they would have symptoms , but they did n't quite know what was wrong and what they needed . And now people come to me and it 's like , ` Well can you explain the difference between Effexor and Wellbutrin , and can you tell me which one I should take ? ' " The conversation "  advanced from ` Is there something wrong with me ? Do I need medicine ? ' to ` Which medicine is right for me ? ' " said Holland , who points to how nine out of 10 of the big pharmaceutical companies spend more on marketing than on research and development . What we 're also seeing , Holland said , is a growing belief by women in the workplace that they need the meds to control their emotions at the office . She tells the story of a woman who called her up in tears and said she needed new antidepressants because clearly her current meds were n't preventing her from crying at work . When Holland asked her what caused her to cry , she said her boss was being difficult . Holland said what was needed was a plan to confront her boss , not a prescription for a new medication . "  I hate to see us medicating away our sensitivity and emotionality for the comfort of other people in the workplace . I think it 's a big mistake . " Thinking about trying to control our emotionality for the comfort of others reminded me of a college relationship , which I shared with Hostin , Yazel and Holland . My boyfriend at the time told me one of my problems  he clearly thought I had many !  was that my highs were too high and my lows were too low . He said I needed to live in the middle . "  You should be more like me , like a man , " joked Holland . Clearly , that relationship did n't last very long ! As we wrapped up , I asked the women what the biggest takeaway was for them following our conversation about Holland 's thoughtful new book . "  Do n't give up your awesome orgasms , " said Yazel .  Amen to that ! "  So it 's OK to be a moody ` b ' ? ' " Hostin asked . "  It 's OK to be a moody ` b , ' " Holland replied . "  Our sensitivity and our emotionality is an asset . It 's not a liability . It 's not a symptom that needs to be medicated away . " How concerned are you that so many women who do n't necessarily need antidepressants are taking them ? Share your thoughts with Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	At least one in four U.S. women is taking a psychiatric drug , according to expert Author says many women taking mental health meds do n't really need them Report : Nine of 10 big pharmaceutical firms spend more on marketing than research
CNN  New figures indicate that about 11 million people have signed up for health insurance during this latest sign-up period of Obamacare , of which about half will be from the uninsured population , based on previous estimates . Once again , the supporters of the law celebrate with proclamations that "  it 's working . " One could say that assessment is true , if the definition of "  working " means enrolling people into anything called health insurance . To be sure , the law 's implementation is progressing , but there is no cause for celebration . It is indeed true that millions of Americans are now newly enrolled into health insurance , but it is disingenuous to tout this as a great success . An estimated 71 % of the new insurance arises through Medicaid , using 2014 calculations based on analysis by Haislmaier and Gonshorowski of data from the Centers for Medicaid and Medicare . The harsh reality awaiting these low-income Americans is undeniable : according to 2013 data from a 2014 Merritt Hawkins study , 55 % of doctors already refuse new Medicaid patients . According to the HSC Health Tracking Physician Survey , 2008 , the percentage of doctors that refuse new Medicaid patients dwarf by about 8 to 10 times the percentage that refuses new private insurance patients . Such "  insurance " from Obamacare not only fails to provide access to doctors , but research in the top medical journals such as Cancer , American Journal of Cardiology , Journal of Heart and Lung Transplantation and Annals of Surgery , show that Medicaid beneficiaries suffer worse outcomes than similar patients with private insurance ... all at an added cost of another $ 800 billion by CBO estimates to taxpayers after the decade . It is not hyperbole to call Medicaid a disgrace at its annual cost of about $ 450 billion , and expanding it rather than helping poor people buy private insurance is simply inexplicable . Health care access for middle-class Americans is also significantly worsened by Obamacare 's private insurance decrees . The law already forced termination of health insurance for millions of Americans estimated as 4.7 million by the Associated Press -- insurance they personally had chosen to buy . The Congressional Budget Office now projects that a stunning 10 million Americans will be forced off their chosen employer-based health insurance by 2021 -- a tenfold increase in the number that was initially projected back in 2011 , at the onset of the law . Along with that forced change of coverage , many suddenly find themselves without access to their chosen doctors . Despite the assertion that the law increases insurance choices , the Obamacare exchanges do quite the opposite for those dependent on them and their government 's subsidies . McKinsey reported 68 % of Obamacare insurance options only cover narrow or very narrow provider networks , double that of the previous year . For cancer care , the majority of America 's best hospitals in the National Comprehensive Cancer Network are not covered in most of their states ' exchange plans . The "  narrow network " strategy is about to hit even more Americans in 2015 , as Obamacare exchanges from California to New Hampshire further restrict access to top doctors and hospitals in an attempt to quell insurance premium increases caused by the law itself , according to an analysis by the Los Angeles Times . And a study in late 2014 commissioned by the prestigious American Heart Association determined that the specialists essential to diagnose and treat stroke , one of the most disabling and lethal diseases in the United States , are in severe shortage under Obamacare insurance exchange plans . Indeed , unless one has the financial resources or power to skirt the new system , many of America 's top doctors and hospitals are no longer available . Obamacare has forced Americans onto a far more government-dominated health care pathway than in the past . Coupled with population aging , the 107 million under the government 's Medicaid or Medicare insurance in 2013 will rapidly increase to 135 million just five years later , a growth rate tripling that of private insurance . By the end of the decade , a full 140 million Americans will have their health care access directly controlled by government insurance , according to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid . More doctors than ever already refuse Medicaid and Medicare due to inadequate payments for care , and that will only accelerate as government lowers reimbursements . Less appreciated is that inadequate payments to doctors by government insurance substantially increase private insurance premiums . Back in 2008 , a shortfall of over $ 88 billion of payment from Medicaid and Medicare beneficiaries added more than $ 1,500 extra per year in premiums and $ 1,800 extra in total out-of-pocket costs to every family of four with private insurance . As the government increases its role as insurer , it increases its hold on payments to doctors and hospitals , so it will be able to reduce reimbursements and dictate access to limited networks of doctors and hospitals . And with increasing enrollment into government insurance , private premiums will undoubtedly rise even more . It is therefore absolutely critical for the new Congress to reject Obamacare and instead help individual Americans and their families , particularly middle class and poor Americans -- the people most harmed by Obamacare . Any legitimate health reform plan must be focused on three goals : 1  help consumers find affordable private insurance suited to their personal needs ; 2  liberate the poor from Medicaid so they have actual access to medical care , as well as the dignity of personal choice of doctor ; and 3  add substantive mechanisms that reduce health care costs by competition and value-seeking by consumers . The plan should not replicate the false claims of Obamacare supporters that recent slowdowns in health spending from economic downturns were somehow caused by Obamacare . The Patient Choice , Affordability , Responsibility , and Empowerment  PatientCARE  Act put forth this month by leading Republicans in Congress tries to do just that . This bill , also known as Coburn-Burr-Hatch , represents a serious plan to expand access to health care and reduce the nation 's health care expenses . The Coburn-Burr-Hatch proposal incentivizes people to buy insurance they value , and it generates affordable options , instead of forcing the purchase of expensive insurance that individuals do n't want . Current harmful barriers to interstate cooperation and anti-competitive impediments are reduced . Health savings plans are liberalized to allow everyone , not just the affluent , control over their health care dollar . Medicaid reforms provide options for individuals to buy private coverage , and the government provides significant financial support for lower income Americans . And no one is forced to spend their hard-earned money on something they do not want . As the Supreme Court hears arguments Wednesday about the legitimacy of subsidies under the ACA , Americans must recognize the bigger picture about U.S. health reform . Contrary to the mantra that the GOP has no plan other than to repeal Obamacare , the truth is that it is the supporters of Obamacare are the ones who are single-minded . They are focused on maintaining the ACA without regard for legitimate reforms to improve health care access and quality and without finally addressing what always was the most important problem with US health care -- its cost . Responsible leadership must focus on empowering patients instead of the government , before private health insurance and with that access to the excellence of America 's medical system are eliminated for all but the affluent . Empowering individuals -- regardless of socioeconomic status -- with choices and information in order to facilitate access to care from the best doctors and hospitals in the world should be the thrust of any change to American health care . That 's an American solution , and it 's up to our elected officials to make sure it finally happens .	Scott Atlas : Nearly three-quarters of those insured under Obamacare were added to Medicaid Access to the best doctors is very limited ; patients often have little choice of doctors , he says
CNN  -- When most people think of South Sudan , if they think of it at all , they imagine poverty and war . They imagine a world and people that are far removed from the everyday life that most of us reading this are lucky enough to enjoy . But that was not my experience in the world 's youngest nation . What I saw on my three trips through South Sudan were people just like you and me . People with desires and needs . People in love . Mothers and fathers . Sisters and brothers . Friends and enemies . People with resilience , determination . But above all -- hope . A year ago Monday , conflict again erupted in South Sudan . Since then , thousands of people have been killed , nearly 2 million people have been forced to flee their homes , and 6 million South Sudanese -- almost half the country -- have found themselves in desperate need of aid . Last week , as I traveled through Mingkaman , a small village in South Sudan 's Lakes state , with the aid organization Oxfam , I met people whose lives have been turned upside down by conflict over the last year , but who still have n't lost their belief that things can get better . At a camp for people who had crossed the Nile to escape the violence that destroyed their homes , a middle-aged Dinka man , who was easily 7 feet tall , told me that armed men had stolen all of his cows -- his main source of income . When I offered my sympathy for his loss , he smiled and said , "  Do n't worry , I will get more cows . " Indeed , much of the story of South Sudan is a story of hope . When the country gained independence in 2011 after more than half a century of war , people danced and cried with joy in the streets as they looked forward to a future of peace and development . CNN Photos : A nation on the brink of an abyss Through the valiant efforts of the South Sudanese people and support from the international community and organizations like Oxfam , things were getting better . New roads were paved , communities without access to clean water saw wells drilled , and violence was drastically reduced . Tens of thousands of young girls were receiving education for the first time . Things were changing for the better . But then last December , a power struggle between the country 's president and vice president turned violent and led to a skirmish between some of their supporters that has wreaked havoc across the country . Church leaders and civil society groups have appealed for peace and reconciliation . People I met are opposed to -- and terrified by -- what 's happening . But as the summer 's rains have ended and the roads are once again passable , the fighting has resumed and is likely to get worse in the coming weeks . Although the conflict has taken on an ethnic tone , people I spoke with were at pains to tell me that this was n't a conflict between the Dinka and Nuer tribes , who have lived together , worked together , and intermarried for generations . Standing in the midst of rows of newly planted tomatoes , one Dinka man took a break from weeding to tell me that he believed in a peaceful future for South Sudan -- but not without greater action from the international community . "  When you have problems within your family , " he told me , "  you sometimes ca n't solve it yourself ; you need someone from outside to come in and help you reconcile . " His words were echoed by so many South Sudanese I spoke with , who highlighted the special role of the United States in helping the country achieve peace and gain its independence , and asked for America 's assistance again now . As we mark one year since the start of this terrible conflict , we have to do more to support South Sudanese peacemakers and pressure the country 's leaders to stop fighting . The resilience of the people of South Sudan can only go so far without a political solution to this conflict . Even now when I think of South Sudan , I do n't think of war . I do n't think of poverty and children with AK-47s . All of this exists within the country , but I think of the confident cattle herder who believes he will regain his lost cows , even in the face of such despair . I think of the many pregnant young women I met , who were excited for their future and the future of their children , hoping that it would include peace and a chance for a good education . But most of all I think about the many incredible people I met who have lost everything they have in the world , but still manage to keep going and keep hoping for peace . It is for those people that the U.S. must act to keep that hope alive . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	A year ago , war broke out in the world 's newest nation , South Sudan Rooney Mara says war has ravaged nation but its people retain hope Mara : U.S. is looked to as a nation that could be key in pushing for peace
CNN  -- Federal regulators said support plates that were about half as thick as they should have been were the likely cause of the August 1 , 2007 , bridge collapse in Minnesota that killed 13 people and injured 145 . Thirteen people were killed and 145 were injured in the August 1 , 2007 , Minnesota bridge collapse . The gusset plates -- metal plates that are meant to strengthen joists -- are believed to have failed on the I-35W bridge over the Mississippi River in Minneapolis , Minnesota , causing the collapse , according to the National Transportation Safety Board . There were 111 vehicles on the portion of the bridge that collapsed , dropping them 108 feet into the 15-foot-deep river . An NTSB report released Friday said the board 's investigation found that 24 "  under-designed " gusset plates were not discovered in reviews during the bridge 's design and construction . The bridge opened in 1967 . Substantial increases in the weight of the bridge because of modifications through the years , along with increased weight on the bridge due to construction equipment and rush-hour traffic the day of the collapse , likely contributed to the faulty plates ' collapse , the board said . The board 's investigation determined that other possible reasons for the collapse , including corrosion found on the plates and preexisting cracks in the bridge , did not play a role in the collapse . "  We believe this thorough investigation should put to rest any speculation as to the root cause of this terrible accident and provide a roadmap for improvements to prevent future tragedies , " said NTSB acting chairman Mark V. Rosenker . See diagram of bridge " Several victims of the crash have filed lawsuits against a consulting firm that evaluated the bridge and the construction company whose equipment was on the bridge the day of the collapse . As a result of its investigation , the safety board made nine recommendations to the Federal Highway Administration and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials dealing with improving how bridges are inspected and how bridge designs are reviewed .	Faulty support plates led to Minnesota bridge collapse , according to NTSB Thirteen people killed , 145 injured in bridge collapse Victims have filed lawsuits against consulting firm , construction company
Think your vacation cell phone bill is high ? Then spare a thought for the Australian hit with more than $ 500,000 in charges for calls made when his device was stolen in Europe . The whopping figure came to light in a recent report by Australia 's telecoms ombudsman , who received a complaint about the bill after the customer 's phone provider insisted he pay it -- even though he 'd reported the theft . Astonishingly , the calls -- including several to Somalia -- were made within a single 24-hour period , a fact that 'll do little to reduce concerns about the high cost of roaming charges both in Australia and the rest of the world . The complaint about the bill was made by a man identified as "  David " whose son had his phone stolen during a trip to Europe . "  He reported the theft to local police and to his provider in Australia , but because of the time difference between the continents , the provider recorded the theft as having happened a day later than it occurred , " the ombudsman said in a report . "  Back in Australia , his son 's bill came to more than AUS$ 570,000  $ 517,000  and listed calls to Somalia . " Huge data charges The story has a relatively happy ending : after the ombudsman stepped in , the phone provider eventually agreed to waive its demands . For many of us though , roaming costs remain a major pitfall of travel in an age when we 're all carrying data-enabled device that , unless disabled , will rack up huge charges for overseas internet and email access . A 2011 report by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development  OECD  identified Australia as one of the most expensive countries for data roaming charges . Of the 34 nations surveyed , Australia was the seventh most costly country of origin for average roaming charges , behind Poland , Japan , Israel , Chile , Mexico , the United States and Canada . Greece and Iceland were the cheapest . Mounting anger over the high cost of phone use abroad has led to efforts to rein in phone companies . In Europe , the European Union has placed a cap on roaming charges for customers traveling within the trading bloc . The European Parliament this year voted to scrap them altogether , pending approval from individual EU governments . ETNO , the European telecoms industry body , has complained it needs roaming revenues to maintain investment in mobile networks . Either way , it 's clearly a talking point -- just as long as you 're not talking on a long-distance line .	Phone stolen in Europe was used to make calls to Somalia Despite theft being reported , customer was told to pay more than $ 500,000 Case highlights global concerns over the costs of cell phone roaming
CNN  -- So , let 's say you 're doing a Google search for "  Kings . " Did you mean the L.A. hockey team or the Sacramento basketball team ? Maybe the TV show ? Or maybe you actually wanted to know something about monarchs . Google on Wednesday announced Knowledge Graph , a significant change to how search results are delivered that the company believes will make their search engine think more like a human . "  The web pages we -LSB- currently -RSB- return for the search ` kings , ' they 're all good , " Jack Menzel , director of product management at Google , told CNN in an interview . "  You , as a human , associate those words with their real-world meaning but , for a computer , they 're just a random string of characters . " With Knowledge Graph , which will begin rolling out to some users immediately , results will be arranged according to categories with which the search term has been associated . So , in the above example , boxes will appear with separate results for the hockey team , basketball team and TV show . The user can then click on one of those boxes to only get results for the specific topic they were searching . "  It hones your search results right in on the task that you 're after , " Menzel said . More specific searches , say for the name of a celebrity , will render boxes with basic information , as well as links to what Google believes are possibly related searches . Menzel says the initial version of Knowledge Graph has information on 500 million people , places and things and uses 3.5 billion defining attributes and connections to create categories for them . The feature will begin rolling out as early as Wednesday afternoon for some users in the United States and eventually be available on desktop , mobile and tablet searches . It will first become available in English , then in other languages , Menzel said .	Google introduces Knowledge Graph , a revamped effort to make search more intuitive New tool divides search terms into most likely categories Knowledge Graph begins rolling out Wednesday to users in the U.S.
CNN  -- All those who are hoping that comprehensive immigration reform is going to happen this year -- Latinos , businesses , churches , agriculture industry , law enforcement and others -- are in for a rude awakening . The trick for politicians will be to look as if they 're doing something , when really they 're doing nothing . But , regardless of how it looks , it 's a long shot that Congress will pass immigration reform this year . That 's bad news for those who want to give the undocumented a chance to get right with the law and develop a sensible , fair and efficient policy for future immigrants . But it 's good news for those who resist legalizing the undocumented because they 're afraid of foreigners -- either because of competition with their work ethic , or that they 're changing the culture and complexion of the country . Is enforcement key to fixing America 's immigration system ? The problem is n't just Republicans , who ca n't get on the same page about whether they want to be reformers . It 's also Democrats , who seem to be playing the immigration reform camp for chumps . The signs are everywhere , if you know where to look . For instance , a few days ago , a draft of President Obama 's immigration reform plan was leaked . It took four years to write , and yet its key points fit on a cocktail napkin with room to spare . Here 's what is in the plan : more border security , a requirement that employers use an electronic system to verify if prospective hires are eligible to work , and a long path to citizenship for the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States . How long ? The undocumented could immediately apply for a special protective status to avoid deportation , but it would take them about eight years to get legal permanent residency  a green card  and another four or five years to become a U.S. citizen . Here 's what is not in the plan : a guest worker program . Republicans have repeatedly insisted that this needs to be in the mix for them to vote for any reform package . The fact that it was left out tells us that Obama is n't serious about reform and ensures that his plan would be , as Republican Florida Sen. Marco Rubio said , "  dead on arrival " in Congress . Opinion : Economy and immigration linked to American dream The idea would be to bring in a few hundred thousand temporary "  guest workers " to do the hard and dirty jobs that Americans wo n't do at any wage . When the work is done , and the workers have been paid a fair salary , they go home . And another batch is brought in . It 's not a perfect solution . But you wo n't find any of those in the immigration debate . The first U.S. president to push for guest workers was Abraham Lincoln . Industries were facing labor shortages during the Civil War and , with Lincoln 's support , Congress in 1864 passed The Act to Encourage Immigration . The bill allowed employers to recruit foreign workers and pay their way to America . There were more guest workers during World War I . But the concept really became popular during World War II and the Cold War . From 1942 to 1964 , under the Bracero program  as in "  brazo " , which is Spanish for arm as in someone who works with his arms and hands  , nearly 5 million guest workers came in and out of the United States . In fact , arguably , the reason the Braceros stopped coming was because journalist Edward R. Murrow -- in the 1960 CBS documentary , "  Harvest of Shame " -- exposed the horrible treatments the workers received at the hands of employers , including low wages , unsanitary conditions , dilapidated housing , etc. . Congress pulled the plug soon thereafter . But exploitation does n't have to be part of the deal , and not every guest worker program is run as badly as that one . There are apple growers in Washington State who do n't have to scramble for pickers at harvest time because the same crews return every year . The growers lure them back by paying decent wages and providing clean living quarters . Everyone is happy . Well , maybe not everyone . Many in organized labor hate the concept of guest workers because their leaders are busy peddling the fantasy that the hard and dirty jobs in question are sought after by union members . Sure . Then why are n't they doing them now ? Answer : Because they 're hard and dirty . It 's time for Congress to create a new guest worker program for the agriculture industry where employees can have decent wages , access to health clinics , livable housing , workers comp in case of injury , and legal protection so that they are n't exploited . Of course , there 's the catch . If growers have to pay for all that , labor economists say , it might well kill the incentive for them to participate . Immigration debate : High-stakes political poker But it 's those same growers who are now complaining that they are n't able to find American workers who are willing to pick a variety of crops that ca n't be harvested by machine -- peaches , plums , apples , lettuce , tomatoes , avocadoes , nectarines , strawberries , blueberries , apricots , table grapes , etc. . So those employers will have to make some tough choices . If they want a reliable labor supply , it 'll cost them . That 's the way it should be . There is no free lunch . Either way , it 's a guest workers program that will make or break the prospects for immigration reform . I 'm betting it 's the latter . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Congress may not pass immigration reform this year Navarrette : What the plan needs is a guest worker program , which Republicans want He says Congress can create a guest worker program where laborers are not exploited Navarrette : If agriculture want reliable workers to do the dirty and hard jobs , there is a cost
Dozens of people have been killed by sectarian clashes in Yemen 's northern province of Saada in the past several days , according to local officials . In recent days , violence has escalated between Houthi rebels and Salafi militants in the city of Dammaj , with hundreds injured as a result . The Houthis are Shiites and the Salafis are Sunni Muslims . Saada government officials and a spokesman for Salafis in Dammaj accuse Houthi rebels of firing mortars and rockets last week at Dammaj 's Al-Mazraa mosque -- part of a Salafi religious institute -- in a bid to force Salafis to leave the area . Earlier , the Houthis issued a statement accusing the Salafis of causing this conflict by transporting thousands of foreign Sunni fighters there . The political arm of the Houthi rebel group accused the Salafis of transforming a religious center in Dammaj into a jihadist stronghold . The Houthis said they would not tolerate such a threat so close to their stronghold . According to officials , regional Salafi figureheads have been calling for jihad against the Houthi rebels , which has raised tensions in the past several weeks . Serour al-Wadei , a spokesman for the Salafis in Dammaj , told CNN that most of those killed by Houthis have been civilians . The International Committee of the Red Cross expressed growing concern about the situation . In a statement released Saturday , the ICRC , which has been trying to access the area , said it was prevented again from entering Dammaj . "  There are a large number of wounded civilians in Dammaj , and the risk to them will only grow if the ICRC is denied access , " the aid agency said . ICRC teams that are about 8 kilometers  5 miles  away have been ready to respond since last week . "  We appeal for a halt to the violence and for immediate and unconditional access so that we can evacuate the wounded and deliver much-needed medical assistance , " said Cedric Schweizer , head of the ICRC delegation in Sanaa , Yemen 's capital . Concerned about the escalation in violence , Yemeni Defense Minister Mohammed Nasser Ahmed ordered the dispatch of troops to Saada , on Yemen 's border with Saudi Arabia , to act as peacekeepers and to deter warring factions . But so far , government efforts to end the fighting have not been fruitful . "  The ceasefire did not last , but a presidential delegation is negotiating a long-term peace agreement with both sides , " a senior Defense Ministry official told CNN . Hasan al-Hamran , a Houthi spokesman , denied the Houthis are fueling the clashes and said the government was n't doing enough to ensure foreign jihadi fighters did n't enter the region . "  Foreigners are fighting on the side of the Salafi Sunnis in Dammaj and not Yemenis , " al-Hamran said . "  The government does not have authority over the Salafi religious institute , resulting in many suspected terrorists entering Saada province . " A Yemeni government official told CNN on background that the situation has been brewing for some time . The official said that for decades , Houthi supporters have complained of foreign interference coming from Dammaj , where there is a Salafi Center . "  But shelling them today is nothing more than a sign of hubris and exposes how the political map is evolving , " the official added . "  The government 's response has been slow because it 's taking a cautious approach . The army does n't want to be embroiled in a seventh war with the Houthis . " Insurgent Houthi rebels fought six wars with Yemen 's government between 2004 and 2009 . The group , which is thought to have thousands of fighters , is anti-United States and anti-Israel , and maintains its actions are taken to protect its community from government discrimination . Yemen is the most impoverished country in the Middle East . It is facing a growing separatist movement in the country 's south and is the hub for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which many analysts believe is the most dangerous wing of the terrorist network . Currently , the country is engaged in the National Dialogue Conference , U.N.-backed reconciliation talks aimed at drafting a new constitution and laying the groundwork for elections to be held next year .	Sectarian violence has led to dozens of deaths and hundreds of injuries since last week The clashes pit Shiite Houthi rebels against Sunni Salafi militants The Red Cross has been unable to access Dammaj to treat wounded civilians Yemen , the most impoverished country in the Middle East , faces growing separatist movement
CNN  -- As the National Tea Party Convention concluded this weekend , it 's clear that the Tea Partiers are propelled by two competing claims -- a principled commitment to fiscal conservatism and a serious case of Obama Derangement Syndrome . The first group remains true to the roots of the movement as it emerged almost one year ago amid bailout backlash . They feel like modern Paul Reveres , warning their fellow citizens about the unsustainable nature of our government 's deficit spending and unprecedented debt . They still have an important civic role to play in our national debate . The second group reflects the overheated , hyperpartisanship that emerged over the August town halls and the 9/12 march on Washington . Oddly enough , this group embraced the tactics of Saul Alinsky 's Rules for Radicals and applied them to the conservative cause , with angry confrontation and street theater protests . They ascribe to Obama every sinister characteristic imaginable -- often a secret plot to undermine our constitutional republic and put in a socialist , one-world government in its place . This is the crowd that carries the signs comparing Obama to Hitler and communists , while proclaiming themselves patriots . Their extremism will ultimately lead the movement to self-destruct unless it is clearly repudiated . The weekend 's controversial and much-covered Tea Party ended up being more of a conference than a convention . It offered speeches and seminars to a relatively small group of attendees . While Tax Day 2009 Tea Parties attracted some 300,000 people nationwide , this convention accommodated just 600 people , who paid nearly $ 500 each for the privilege of attending the populist conference . While the crowds at 2009 's protests were generally angrier than the speakers who climbed up onto platforms at last weekend 's conference , the dynamic was reversed . The crowd was generally more civil than the selected speakers . Former congressman Tom Tancredo accused the president of being a "  committed socialist ideologue " and proposed a civic literacy test for voting . WorldNet Daily founder Joseph Farah used his post-dinner speech , covered by C-Span , to repeat inane "  Birther " claims . Alabama gubernatorial candidate and former state Supreme Court chief justice Roy Moore said Obama had "  ignored our history and our heritage , arrogantly declaring to the world that we are no longer a Christian nation . " He also compared Obama to King George III by quoting the Declaration of Independence : "  A Prince , whose character is thus marked by every act which may define a Tyrant , is unfit to be the ruler of a free people . " Sarah Palin was the most cautious by far , saying simply "  America is ready for another revolution . " Where will the Tea Party movement go from here ? The for-profit conference organizers declared that "  we absolutely do not support a third party " and instead announced the creation of a new corporation and concurrent PAC to support conservative candidates , primarily in the South . This is still very much a leaderless movement with divergent tributaries . There 's no shortage of anger at the GOP for starting the path of deficit spending last decade and then backing the first round of Wall Street bailouts under Bush . There is a rejection of politics as usual , the feeling that both parties are captive of their respective special interests -- big business and big government . What 's your take ? Share your thoughts on the Tea Party movement For the Tea Party momentum to continue in a constructive way , it will need to take at least two further steps : First , repudiate the unhinged Obama-haters and then focus its anger at fiscal irresponsibility into policy proposals instead of bumper-sticker platitudes . With a growing number of conspiracy entrepreneurs trying to profit off populist anger in a recession , it 's also worth keeping the conservative virtue of healthy skepticism in mind . Remember what the author Eric Hoffer warned in his book "  The True Believer : " "  Every great cause begins as a movement , becomes a business and eventually degenerates into a racket . "	Some in Tea Party movement have an Obama blind spot , John Avlon observers If Tea Party movement is to last , Avlon says the Obama bashers must be repudiated Sarah Palin was the most cautious speaker at Nashville convention , he says Avlon : Movement must focus its anger at fiscal irresponsibility into policy proposals
The mother of Rebecca Sedwick , a Florida girl who jumped to her death after being bullied by classmates , on Tuesday urged parents of potential victims to pay attention to the signs of bullying . "  When I looked at my child I saw a normal , happy , productive child , " Tricia Norman told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day . " "  Apparently not . Inside , behind the scenes , there were other things going on with the bullying . Even though your child may seem normal , there may be something else going on . " The interview comes one day after Norman and her lawyer announced plans to sue those they believe responsible for the 12-year-old 's suicide . Authorities last week dropped criminal charges against two girls accused of cyberbullying Rebecca Sedwick . The civil wrongful death lawsuit has not yet been filed , and Norman did not specify the targets of the future legal action . In addition , Norman 's attorney , Matt Morgan , is pushing Florida lawmakers to enact "  Rebecca 's Law " -- legislation that would allow the state to file bullying charges against minors and their parents , and make parents liable in civil court . "  For the parent , I think civil responsibility , " Morgan told New Day on Tuesday . "  If parents know they can be held financially responsible for the acts of their children then ultimately that might provide a deterring effect for them to monitor their child 's behavior . " Rebecca , 12 , died after jumping from the top of an abandoned concrete plant in September . Norman said all her efforts to halt the bullying -- including counseling , reporting the harassment to school officials as well as other parents , even removing her daughter from school -- failed to deter the alleged bullies . "  It just would n't stop , " she said , "  no matter what we did to try to eliminate it . " Norman said the abuse was unrelenting and had nothing to do with her daughter not having "  thick skin . " "  I think her skin was thick enough , " she said . "  I think  the bullying  was so much and so often . " Authorities said Rebecca killed herself after months of cyberbullying from fellow students . The abusive behavior that authorities say prompted her suicide grew from a dispute between Rebecca and a former classmate over a boy they had both dated , police said in October . Should parents be criminally liable for kids ' cyberbullying ? Authorities initially charged two girls , ages 12 and 14 , with aggravated stalking , but the charges were dropped last week . The state attorney 's office declined to comment about the dropped charges and referred CNN to the girls ' defense lawyers , who praised the decision and said there was no evidence of stalking . Police said the abuse included messages such as "  nobody cares about u , " "  i hate u , " and "  you seriously deserve to die . " Rebecca had already cut open her wrists months before the jump , but survived that suicide attempt . "  I think people should know what was done to my daughter , " Norman said Tuesday . She said parents need to take the signs of bullying seriously . "  If your child is being bullied , do n't ever give up -- do n't ever think it just went away . "	Mother of Florida bullying victim urges parents to pay attention to signs of harassment Tricia Norman : Even if your child seems normal "  there may be something else going on " Norman backs legislation to make parents of alleged bullies liable in civil court
CNN  -- Mexico 's foreign ministry has accused a U.S. border patrol agent of fatally shooting a Mexican citizen over the weekend . The shooting occurred near the bridge that connects Brownsville , Texas , with the Mexican town of Matamoros , the foreign ministry said Sunday in a statement condemning the violence . The ministry said a Mexican national died after being shot by the U.S. agent , but did not release details about the circumstances surrounding the Saturday violence . "  The Mexican government has repeatedly expressed that the disproportionate use of lethal force in the exercising of immigration control functions is unacceptable under any circumstance , " the foreign ministry said , calling for a thorough investigation . A U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman said two agents fired shots Saturday morning during "  dangerous encounters " along the border . The truth about the Fast and Furious scandal But U.S. officials have not confirmed any deaths related to the shootings . "  We have been unable to establish a connection between the shootings and a victim reportedly admitted to a Matamoros hospital , " U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Bill Brooks said . Agents "  were involved in two dangerous encounters " in the Rio Grande Valley Saturday morning , he said . In one incident , an agent fired toward someone who was throwing rocks at him , he said . "  At approximately the same time , another nearby agent observed a person aiming a weapon at him and fired his service weapon in defense , " he said . The FBI is investigating , Brooks said . In 2010 , the FBI investigated after a border patrol agent shot and killed a Mexican teen along the border between El Paso , Texas , and Ciudad Juarez , Mexico . Federal officials closed the case in April , saying there was not enough evidence to pursue charges against the officer and that he acted within the agency 's policies for use of force . The officer received widespread condemnation from critics who questioned his use of deadly force against 15-year-old Sergio Adrian Hernandez Guereca , who authorities said had been throwing rocks at the agent when he was shot and killed . Opinion : Why ` illegal immigrant ' is a slur Hernandez had a history of involvement with human smuggling and was on a list of repeat juvenile offenders , U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Mark Qualia told CNN after the shooting . An appeal is pending in a lawsuit filed by the teen 's parents in U.S. federal court , accusing the officer of using excessive force . The Mexican government filed a friend-of-the-court brief in the case last week , noting that its request to extradite the border patrol agent for prosecution had been denied . "  As a matter of international responsibility , the fact that the victim was on Mexican soil when he was killed does not absolve the United States of responsibility for the acts of its agent , " the brief said . California Senate passes ` anti-Arizona ' bill to limit racial profiling Immigration reporter mulls fate after denial of asylum request CNN 's Nick Valencia and Rene Hernandez contributed to this report .	Mexican officials say a fatal shooting occurred along the U.S. border Mexico 's foreign ministry condemns a "  disproportionate use of lethal force " A border patrol spokesman says two agents opened fire during "  dangerous encounters " The FBI is investigating , the spokesman says
He was a powerful Russian businessman whose falling-out with his government left him self-exiled in England . He blamed the Kremlin for the death of a former Russian spy who was poisoned by radioactive material . Now , Boris Berezovsky himself is dead . Police scouring the scene Sunday have found no sign so far of "  third party involvement , " a detective said . But details surrounding Berezovsky 's death remain a mystery . Police say they have n't determined the cause . After a paramedic 's radiation detector went off at the scene , investigators declared the area "  safe and clear to work in , " the Thames Valley Police said in a statement Sunday . They did not specify what they believe triggered the alert , but emergency officials from the South Central Ambulance Service said the device , which is a regular part of paramedics ' kits , can register false alarms . As forensic investigators combed the scene Sunday , Berezovsky 's body was still inside his house . On Saturday , a bodyguard told police he found Berezovsky lying on the bathroom floor . Speculation over the tycoon 's cause of death ran the gamut from suicide to heart attack . Some pointed to his declining fortune as a possible clue . Last year Berezovksy lost what has been called one of the most expensive private lawsuits in history . "  Initial suggestions that Berezovsky may have committed suicide were quickly quashed by his close associates , " Russia 's state-owned RIA Novosti news agency reported . The agency said a family friend told Russian media that Berezovsky had suffered a heart attack . "  It would be wrong to speculate on the cause of death until the post mortem has been carried out , " Kevin Brown , the deputy senior investigating officer in the case , said in a statement . "  The investigation team are building a picture of the last days of Mr. Berezovsky 's life , " he said , "  speaking to close friends and family to gain a better understanding of his state of mind . " A Putin foe Berezovsky , a staunch critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin , accused the Kremlin of causing the 2006 death of former Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , who was poisoned with the radioactive substance polonium-210 . Like Berezovsky , Litvinenko had fled to England . In a deathbed statement , Litvinenko blamed Putin , an accusation the Kremlin strongly denied . The British government has evidence Russia was involved in Litvinenko 's death , a British lawyer said in December . Russia did not immediately comment on the claims of evidence of its involvement in Litvinenko 's death . For years , Berezovsky bankrolled the effort of Litvinenko 's widow to push for an inquest into her husband 's death . Berezovsky later sued a Russian broadcaster for libel after it claimed in a report that he was behind the death of Litvinenko . He won the claim against All-Russian State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company , and the High Court in London awarded him 150,000 pounds  $ 223,400  in damages . From math professor to oligarch Berezovsky began his working life as a math professor and then became a systems analyst who switched to more lucrative jobs in post-Soviet Russia , said CNN 's Jill Dougherty , who interviewed him many times . Berezovsky went on to sell cars "  at a time when that was a luxury , " she said . "  There were a lot of people who wanted to buy them , and he parlayed that -- as so many of these oligarchs did -- into something much , much bigger . " While Berezovsky made a good portion of his money from luxury car sales , his wealth and political influence skyrocketed when he bought into Russian media . He invested in the Moscow Independent Broadcasting Corp. , which -- with TBS as a partner -- founded Moscow 's first independent television station , TV-6 . Under President Boris Yeltsin , the Russian Federation 's first president from 1991 to 1999 , "  there were really no rules governing anything , " Dougherty said . Businessmen who came to be known as oligarchs amassed massive wealth and political influence in the 1990s during the privatization of Russia following the fall of the Soviet Union . Businessmen like Berezovsky wound up lending the fledgling Russian government money "  when it was desperate for money , " Dougherty said . "  These guys picked up companies on the cheap -- for pennies on the dollar . " A year or two later , the companies were worth much more , and the owners became wealthy . In return for backing Yeltsin , Berezovsky gained political influence within the Kremlin . He later backed Putin for president , pouring money into the latter 's political party . Fall from political favor But after he was elected , Putin saw that the oligarchs had the potential to gain too much political power and moved to thwart them , Dougherty said . It has been widely reported that Putin resented the meddling of the oligarchs , particularly Berezovsky . "  He was obviously very ambitious , and he wanted , I think , to be in political control of Russia during Yeltsin 's time , and that did n't work out for him , " said Stuart Loory , a former Turner Broadcasting System executive vice president , who was a consultant to Berezovsky during the 1990s . Berezovsky did not have an easy time of it as an oligarch . "  There were two attempts on his life , one at his country home outside Moscow in a gated community . Somebody planted a bomb in his car and , fortunately , it did n't work very well , " Loory said . "  And the other was when he was leaving his club and there was a car bomb in the car and his driver was killed and he escaped without injury . " Fleeing to England Within months of Putin 's election in 2000 , the government began trying to collect on tax claims against the oligarchs , including Berezovsky . That 's when Berezovsky fled . Berezovsky began agitating from Britain against Putin , calling for a coup to oust the Russian president . In 2003 , as Russia was seeking his return , Berezovsky was granted political asylum by British authorities after they realized he was wanted on political grounds , not criminal , according to published reports at the time . The case strained relations between Moscow and London . Berezovsky was convicted of fraud and tax evasion in absentia by a Russian court in 2007 . But about two months ago , he sent a letter to Putin asking permission to return to Russia , Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said . "  He admitted that he had made a lot of mistakes , asked forgiveness for the mistakes and asked Putin to let him return home , " Peskov said , according to a duty officer with the presidential press service . It 's unknown whether Putin responded to the letter , but Berezovsky did not return . Putin has been told of Berezovsky 's death , Peskov told Russian state television . A declining fortune Berezovsky was found Saturday afternoon by his bodyguard at his home in the affluent community of Ascot , Berkshire , west of London , said an official at Bell Pottinger , a public relations firm that represented Berezovsky . The bodyguard told police he forced open a bathroom door that had been locked from the inside and found Berezovsky 's body on the floor . Berezovsky made headlines last year after losing what has been called one of the most expensive private lawsuits in history against a former friend and ally , Russian magnate Roman Abramovich . Berezovsky sued Abramovich , owner of the Chelsea Football Club , for $ 5.1 billion , alleging that he was forced to sell his stake in the Russian oil company Sibneft for a fraction of its true value . The judge called Berezovsky 's testimony unreliable and , at points , dishonest . The case raised a public curtain on the world of Russia 's oligarchs . Berezovsky 's fortune has reportedly been on the decline in recent years , and it took a huge hit after he lost the case against Abramovich . Analysts put the price tag for legal fees alone at more than $ 250 million spent between the two figures . In recent weeks , reports emerged that Berezovsky was trying to sell pieces of his estate , including an Andy Warhol painting , "  Red Lenin , " to pay debts . Damian Kudriavtsev , a friend of Berezovsky , said Sunday that his friend was unhappy and was in financial trouble , but would n't have harmed himself . Berezovsky , he said , had always hoped to return to Russia someday .	After a radiation detector goes off , authorities investigate and declare the scene safe Detective : No "  evidence at this stage to suggest third party involvement " Russian media : Some speculate Berezovsky may have died from a suicide or heart attack Berezovsky , 67 , was a fierce critic of Russian Vladimir Putin and called for his overthrow
CNN  -- "  You press the button , we do the rest . " The words of Kodak 's first advertising slogan , coined by its founder George Eastman in 1892 , still seem relevant 120 years later , even among rumors that Kodak is considering bankruptcy . With the digital age upon us , the term "  point and shoot " has developed a new meaning . But for those who grew up using -- and developing -- film , there was a lot more to photography than just pointing and shooting . CNN iReport contributor Lynn Kordus found that out the hard way . As a 17-year-old fan of the Beatles , it was only in her wildest dreams that she would attend their concert . Hanging out with them in their dressing room was unfathomable -- until 1965 . "  My most memorable Kodak moment has got to be the day I spent 30 minutes with the Beatles , " she told CNN iReport . Her Kodak Instamatic camera in hand , Kordus went backstage to meet the Fab Four in Bloomington , Minnesota . She realized too late that her one flashcube -- a disposable flash that had four one-time-use flashbulbs -- was missing a bulb . Her father had gone back to the car to get another cube but did n't return before Kordus was whisked backstage . She took photos of John Lennon flipping through a magazine , Ringo Starr acting goofy and George Harrison in the shower room tuning a guitar before her flashcube ran out of juice . She said Paul McCartney -- her favorite Beatle at the time -- looked around for an extra but could n't find one . They took the photo anyway ; the florescent lights brightened the room plenty . A problem of the film age : Not realizing until too late that the image would be underexposed . Without the additional light from the flash , the photo was too dark and did n't turn out . Her photo set with the Beatles was incomplete . "  My loss , " she said . But having those other images made the surreal experience come to life . Not only did she have proof of her visit for others to see , but she said it was also validating for her : "  It really did happen . " Photos : Kodachrome collection looks back at mid-century America Professional photographer and iReport submitter Lee Gunderson has been shooting with a Kodak since he was a kid , mastering his photography skills with the help of his father since age 4 . The company 's purportedly inevitable Chapter 11 saddens him . "  Kodak set the bar on color contrast , saturation and the parameters of color I look for , " he said . This was something Gunderson believes Kodachrome in particular really excelled at . It was this film that National Geographic photographer Steve McCurry used for his famous 1985 "  Afghan girl " image . Kodak stopped manufacturing that line of film in 2009 because it represented less than 1 % of the company 's film sales . Mastering film is n't easy , Gunderson said . "  You get good really quick or you go broke , " he added . "  It 's not like digital photography where you click away at no cost . " While he still uses film , Gunderson has noticed a sharp drop in its availability in stores . When processing fees are added -- at around $ 50 a roll -- the price jumps quickly . Still , he said , the quality just is n't there with digital , so for special occasions he still uses film -- and Kodak 's Ektachrome 100 is one of his favorites . "  Kodak 's trademark was rock solid , " he said of growing up with the brand . "  It always performed ; it was always reliable . " The popularity and usability of Kodak 's cameras changed the way the world captured precious "  Kodak moments . " "  The Instamatic was the proverbial point-and-shoot , " iReporter Kordus said . "  I liked the ease of shooting photos . It was simple . You did n't have to learn a lot . " "  Kodak film was the bread and butter of my career , " Gunderson said . The brand will be missed , he added . See more Kodak moments on CNN iReport .	Amid rumors of Kodak 's bankruptcy , iReporters sent in their favorite ` Kodak moment ' Lynn Kordus ' most memorable Kodak moment was with the Beatles Lee Gunderson 's favorite Kodak film is Ektachrome 100
Everett , Washington  CNN  -- After more than two years of delays , Boeing 's 787 Dreamliner made its maiden flight Tuesday in a three-hour trip that the maker described as a success . "  Today is truly a proud and historic day for the global team who has worked tirelessly to design and build the 787 Dreamliner -- the first all-new jet airplane of the 21st century , " said Scott Fancher , vice president and general manager of the 787 program , in a news release . "  We look forward to the upcoming flight test program and soon bringing groundbreaking levels of efficiency , technology and passenger comfort to airlines and the flying public . " More than 12,000 employees and guests watched as the plane took off at 10:27 a.m. from Paine Field in Everett , Washington . It landed more than three hours later and about 40 miles away at Seattle , Washington 's Boeing Field after having flown at a speed of 207 mph at 15,000 feet -- typical for a maiden flight , the company said . During their time aloft , the chief pilot and captain tested some of the airplane 's systems and structures while flight data were transmitted electronically to engineers at Boeing Field . "  The flight marks the beginning of a flight test program that will see six airplanes flying nearly around the clock and around the globe , with the airplane 's first delivery scheduled for fourth quarter 2010 , " Boeing 's news release said . Boeing promises passengers "  a better flying experience " that includes bigger windows , more luggage space and better lighting . It promises airline operators greater efficiency by burning 20 percent less fuel than current models of comparable size and by providing as much as 45 percent more space for cargo . So far , 55 customers have ordered 840 of the planes . The official price of one is $ 150 million . "  We think this is going to be a very efficient airplane , " Jim Albaugh , Boeing executive vice president and CEO , told CNN . "  It 's going to change the way people travel . " Despite the delays , Boeing 's first new commercial airliner in more than a decade will still be relevant , Albaugh said Monday . "  It 's more environmentally friendly , it 's more efficient , uses less fuel , it 's going to cost the operator less to fly , it 's going to allow the passengers to pay less and feel better when they land , " he said . Boeing 's fuel claims are linked to its design . It is the first major airliner to be made mostly of composite materials and , as a result , is lighter . Depending on the configuration , the plane can seat 200 to 300 passengers and can travel more than 2,500 nautical miles . But production delays and technical problems have stolen some of the Dreamliner 's luster . Many of the snags in the supply line have been blamed on the army of partners Boeing brought in to help with the construction . "  They did too much outsourcing , too soon , with too little oversight , " said Scott Hamilton of the aviation consulting firm Leeham Co. "  The customers have been mightily -LSB- upset -RSB- over the creeping delays . " Albaugh acknowledged that , "  in hindsight , " the level of outsourcing may not have been the best strategy . "  There a few things we might have kept inside , yes , " he said . With 10 months of flight tests ahead , the 787s wo n't start flying commercially until at least 2011 , the company said . "  There 's a lot of work to do , " Albaugh said .	NEW : 787 Dreamliner completes three-hour test flight Boeing has touted the 787 as more environmentally friendly and fuel efficient Company says plane is made of composite materials than are lighter than aluminum Depending on configuration , Dreamliner can seat 200 to 300 passengers
CNN  -- A Florida exterminator whose dead daughter and injured son were found in his truck has been charged with attempted murder , and police were searching his Miami home Thursday night , police said . Chase Scott , spokesman for West Palm Beach Police , told CNN that officers were executing a search warrant for evidence in the home of Jorge and Carmen Barahona . Jorge Barahona , 53 , was found unconscious beside his pest-control truck early Monday along a south Florida interstate by a road assistance ranger , along with his 10-year-old adopted son , who was inside the vehicle next to an open gas can , according to a probable-cause affidavit filed by detectives . Hours later , crews removing toxic chemicals from the truck discovered the boy 's twin sister dead in a plastic bag . Earlier Thursday , Barahona was taken to a hospital Thursday after he "  attempted to harm himself , " police said . Barahona , who was in custody in the Palm Beach County Jail , suffered a self-inflicted injury after deputies told him to get ready to go to a court hearing Thursday morning , West Palm Beach Police spokesman Scott Chase said . "  He immediately attempted to harm himself by thrusting himself backwards , causing an injury to his head , " Chase said . "  He was immediately checked by emergency personnel and it was decided he was OK to appear in court . " However , Barahona "  refused to cooperate " by not speaking and the judge decided to delay the hearing until another date , Chase said . Authorities later decided to take Barahona to Wellington Regional Medical Center for observation , he said . Meanwhile , a medical examiner has determined a cause of death for the girl , but it will not be made public until investigators review the findings , Chase said Thursday . Authorities likely will decide whether and how to charge Barahona in her death based on the autopsy results , Police Capt. Mary Olsen said Wednesday . The children were among the four the Barahonas adopted from Florida 's foster care system . When the boy was found Monday by the roadside assistance ranger , he "  appeared to be in respiratory distress and  was  trembling " and his clothing "  was soaked with an unknown chemical , " the probable-cause affidavit said . The ranger then found Barahona on the ground beside the truck and called for help . The boy was hospitalized in intensive care with severe burns to his abdomen , upper thighs and buttocks , the affidavit said . While examining the boy , doctors noted he had sustained previous injuries , including a broken collarbone , a broken arm , scarring to his buttocks and lower abdomen , and ligature marks on both wrists , police said . After Barahona and his son were taken to a hospital , a worker decontaminating the truck discovered the body of the girl , wrapped in a plastic bag , the document said . Barahona told police he was distraught over the death of his daughter , and had intended to commit suicide by dousing himself with gasoline and setting himself afire , the affidavit said . Barahona said he did n't go through with his suicide plan because his son was with him , the document added . "  Basically , to paraphrase , he was stating that he placed his daughter in a plastic bag being distraught over her death , " Chase told reporters Wednesday . "  He drove here from South Florida accompanied by his son . "  He then pulled off to the side of the road saying that he poured gas on his self , intending to light himself on fire . His son 's head was in his lap and he decided , after giving his son some sleeping pills , that he was n't going to do that . " Barahona told police that in dousing himself with gasoline , he inadvertently got some on the boy , Olsen said Wednesday . But his story does n't add up , because there was no gasoline on the boy , she said . Instead , he was covered with another chemical whose composition had yet to be determined . "  That 's why we 're still treating this as a hazmat  hazardous materials case  , " Olsen said . The truck in which the children were found was taken to a secure location , Chase said , where an FBI evidence recovery team is going through the vehicle . Authorities are waiting for test results on the chemicals found in the truck . Chase said the substance on the boy 's body and clothes was so potent that staff caring for the boy at the hospital became ill as well . The boy , who was transferred Wednesday morning to a specialized burn unit at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital , has not been able to talk to investigators because he is on a breathing tube , Olsen explained . Asked whether Barahona has expressed remorse , she said , "  He feels remorse , but we 're not getting consistent statements with what we 're seeing in our evidence . " "  It 's a complex case , " she added . At a hearing Wednesday in Miami attended by Barahona 's wife , Carmen , a judge ordered that the remaining two children in the home be placed in foster care . Florida 's Department of Children and Families had opened a child protection investigation within the past few days to look into a complaint involving the Barahona family , and it was n't the first such complaint , spokesman Mark Riordan said . Reporters in the courtroom Wednesday heard tales of abuse , mainly concerning the twins , from state officials and experts . The caller to the child protection hotline in the latest case reported that the twins were routinely locked in a bathroom for long periods of time and had been bound with tape , the court heard . The story was corroborated by interviews with the other two children in the home , officials said in court . An investigator told the court that she went to the family 's home on February 11 but had not seen the children . Instead , she said , she left after speaking with Carmen Barahona , planning to return on Monday . Asked why she did not return sooner , she said , "  I 'm not allowed to do investigations on a weekend . " However , a spokesman for the department , John Harrell , said it is the job of investigators to follow through immediately or refer to someone else in the department to follow through when a matter is urgent . CNN 's Kim Segal contributed to this report .	NEW : Jorge Barahona is charged with attempted murder ; home is being searched Barahona "  attempted to harm himself " Thursday morning , police say He "  refused to cooperate " by not speaking , which postponed his hearing Cause of daughter 's death has been determined but not made public
Los Angeles  CNN  -- U.S. authorities have learned more about two Los Angeles-area men claiming in a video to be gang members fighting in Syria : It turns out they are Syrian nationals of Armenian descent who were deported back to that country because of their criminal history . One of the men is Nercis Kilajian , whom U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement deported to Syria in 2012 , according to local and federal records provided by Sgt. Tom Lorenz of the Glendale Police Department . The spelling of that name in the police records is different from a Nerses Kilajyan that a Middle East news research group found on his Facebook page , but phonetically , it is similar . The other man in the video is Sarou Madarian , who was deported to Syria in 2010 , Lorenz said Thursday . In the video , Madarian identifies himself only as "  Creeper " of the Sun Valley GW-13 gang and leaves the false impression that he 's a Latino gang member because he sprinkles Spanish words in his fluent English . Lorenz said Madarian is a member of the Grumpy Winos gang from Sun Valley . Their YouTube video showed them firing rifles in Syria 's civil war , apparently fighting on behalf of President Bashar al-Assad 's regime . Some Armenians side with al-Assad because he has protected the minority group in Syria . Never do the two men face return fire in the video , however . In the profanity-laced video , the two men fire rifles from behind a cinder-block wall at "  enemigos " -- enemies -- though the camera never shows an enemy in the distance . The two men often refer to "  gang-banging " and their "  homies , " and Madarian displays gang hand gestures and tattoos . The video was publicized this week by the Middle East Media Research Institute , a Washington-based organization that studies and translates news accounts and social-media postings . "  This is very unique because these guys are over there , and they are with the pro-Syria forces and pro-Hezbollah forces , " said Steven Stalinsky , executive director of the institute . "  We have been monitoring foreign fighters over the years , and there has been a handful of Americans going to fight , but they have been going to fight against Assad . " The FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Forces is investigating the video . "  The JTTF is aware of the video and is investigating to determine any potential threat to Americans or to U.S. interests , " FBI spokeswoman Ari Dekofsky said in a statement . "  We are not in a position to provide further comment at this time . " In the video , Kilajian identifies himself in the video as "  Wino " from the Westside Armenian Power gang . Wino uploaded the video and photographs to his Facebook page , where he is identified as "  Wino Ayee Peeyakan " and by his real name , Nerses Kilajyan , according to MEMRI . The video was also posted to YouTube . Island-hopping to safety : A family flees Syria Syria submits revised plan for removing chemicals CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Police : Two claiming to be L.A. gang members in a Syria war video had criminal records They were of Armenian descent and were deported back to Syria , records show A minority in Syria , some Armenians have sided with Bashar al-Assad Officials : Nercis Kilajian was deported in 2012 ; Sarou Madarian was deported in 2010
CNN  -- A federal bankruptcy judge in Texas on Wednesday rejected a request by imprisoned Charles Manson follower Charles D. "  Tex " Watson not to turn over personal tape recordings to Los Angeles police . Police want decades-old recordings between Watson and his attorney because authorities believe the tapes might provide new clues about unsolved killings involving followers of Manson , according to court documents . Watson asked the judge to allow police to listen to all recordings in the presence of a court trustee or other designate but not take possession of them as the judge earlier ordered . The judge declined Watson 's request to reconsider that order . Parole hearing for Manson follower postponed "  To the extent Watson seeks a remedy regarding the LAPD 's use of the recordings , or to prevent their release to the media , such matters are governed by nonbankruptcy law and can be addressed to a court of competent jurisdiction , " Chief U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Brenda T. Rhoades wrote in her ruling . In the meantime , Los Angeles police plan to pick up the tapes on Friday , spokesman Cmdr. Andrew Smith told CNN . Photos : Charles Manson throughout the years In a new letter to CNN , Watson asserted that "  there are no unsolved murders committed by the Manson Family . " The tapes are about eight hours of recordings between Watson and his attorney from 1969 , Bill Boyd of McKinney , Texas , whose law firm is now a debtor in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in the same state , court papers said . According to court documents , Watson waived his attorney-client privilege to the tapes in 1976 , and his attorney received partial payment for his legal fees when he gave a copy of the tapes to Chaplain Raymond G. Hoekstra , who subsequently wrote a book , "  Will You Die for Me : The Man Who Killed for Charles Manson Tells His Own Story . " Watson wrote a June 5 letter to CNN : "  There is nothing new on the tapes that was excluded from my book ` Will You Die For Me ? ' The book was co-authored to show delicate consideration when sharing the graphic details of the crime in order to show respect towards the families of the victims . " Watson , Manson and three others -- Susan Atkins , Patricia Krenwinkel , and Leslie Van Houten -- were convicted of murder and other charges in a two-night rampage that left pregnant actress Sharon Tate and seven others dead , including Leno and Rosemary LaBianca . The enduring fascination of the Sharon Tate murder The gruesome killings were chronicled in the best-seller "  Helter Skelter , " and in Wednesday 's court ruling , the judge notes that "  Watson expresses concern that the contents of the recordings may be hurtful to the families of his victims in the Tate-LaBianca murders . " In 2008 , Watson wrote CNN that he was aware of no bodies buried in a remote Death Valley , California , site called Barker Ranch , the hideout for Manson and his family , when CNN did a report about a corpse-sniffing dog visiting the site . In court filings last week , Watson requested "  that the Tapes not be turned over to the LAPD , because they are not a creditor to my late attorney Bill Boyd , God rest his soul " and "  because repercussions of the motion have not been fully considered by all parties concerned . " Added Watson in court documents : " ... this case is high notoriety , with much media attention . For this reason , special consideration should be made with who takes possession of The Tapes , so they will not be misused for purposes unintended by the court and that could be hurtful to the families of the victims . " Watson , 66 , was convicted of seven counts of first-degree murder and was denied parole for the 16th time in November . He will be considered again in 2016 , according to the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . Charles Manson denied parole , with next parole hearing set for 2027 Two men relate to same haunting specter -- Charles Manson	A bankruptcy judge rejects a request by Charles "  Tex " Watson Watson wanted police to only listen to his personal tapes , not take possession of them Los Angeles police believe the tapes might have clues about unsolved killings In a letter to CNN , Watson says "  there are no unsolved murder committed by the Manson Family "
Jim "  Pee Wee " Martin acted like he 'd been here before , like jumping from a plane is as easy as falling off a log . Maybe that 's because he had -- 70 years ago . "  I 'm feeling fine , " Martin told reporters moments after landing in a French field . " ... It was wonderful , absolutely wonderful . " Martin was part of the U.S. 101st Airborne Division that parachuted down over Utah Beach in their bid to retake France and , eventually , the rest of Europe from Nazi Germany . They actually touched down in enemy-controlled territory a night before what 's referred to as D-Day . His jump Thursday in the same area was different and -- despite his being 93 years old now -- a whole lot easier . "  It did n't  compare  , " Martin said , "  because there was n't anybody shooting at me today . " Every year , every day it seems , the number of surviving World War II veterans like Martin dwindles . He estimates there are only a few dozen members of his unit who took part in the now historic D-Day invasion who are still around . Share your family 's D-Day stories It 's ironic , in a sense , because Martin was among the oldest of his bunch in June 1944 -- at 23 years old -- surrounded by others who were mere teenagers . Together , they parachuted onto France 's northern coast in the dark of night not knowing what awaited them . Whatever it was , it would not be friendly or easy , they expected . "  Everybody  was  scared all the time , and if they tell you anything differently they are full of crap , " the former paratrooper recalled . "  But you just do what you had to do regardless of it . That 's the difference . " And they did n't stop . According to a Facebook page he regularly updates , Martin fought for 43 days as part of the Normandy campaign before moving onto invade Holland , fending off Nazi fighters during the Battle of the Bulge and finishing off by taking Berchtesgaden , site of Hitler 's "  Eagle 's Nest " redoubt in the German Alps . None of it was easy , but Martin insists , "  I do n't ever have flashbacks . Never . Nothing ever bothered me . " All these years later , he has become a celebrity of sorts -- as evidenced by a mob of reporters who greeted him after his parachute landing Thursday . Martin says he feels "  kind of humbled and embarrassed at the adulation because I do n't feel we did anything that we were n't supposed to do or anything exceptional . " He adds : "  We just did what we trained to do . " Seven decades later , Martin did it again -- not fighting a bloody war but at least reliving his role in a military campaign that changed the course of history . Others joined him in this now daytime jump , though he was the only one from his generation . This time , he said that he was n't scared because , "  once you get in the plane , you forget everything . " Bored would be more like it . As he told reporters afterward , "  To tell you the truth , riding around in the plane is boring . It 's when you get off the plane , that 's when it gets exciting ... But there 's no fear to it . It 's just something you do . " Martin admitted that he was motivated by "  a little bit of ego ,  to show that  I 'm 93 and I can still do it . " "  And also I just want to show all the people that you do n't have to sit and die just because you get old , " he added . "  Keep doing things . " Among those things he 'd like to do is another jump in the same plane , one year from now . "  If I come back next year , I 'll make a jump next year . You can bet on it . "	Martin was in the U.S. 101st Airborne Division , and parachuted into Normandy He parachutes from a plane again into the same area again , at the age of 93 It did n't compare to his D-Day jump "  because there was n't anybody shooting " Martin wants to show "  you do n't have to sit and die just because you get old "
London  CNN  -- Two former personal assistants to celebrity chef Nigella Lawson and her ex-husband Charles Saatchi splashed out on luxury goods on company credit cards , a court heard Thursday . The former assistants , Italian sisters Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo , are accused of fraud . They deny embezzling hundreds of thousands of pounds from the couple . The first witness , Rahul Gajjar , an accountant for Saatchi , told the court in west London that Francesca had 64,336.97 pounds  $ 104,500  in expenses on her company credit card in June 2012 . Among the expenses were purchases from designer labels Prada , Miu Miu , Louis Vuitton and Chloe as well as hotel bills and plane tickets . The court heard that Francesca 's average monthly expenditures were 48,000 pounds and Elisabetta 's were 28,000 pounds , whereas other personal assistants for Saatchi , a well-known art collector , spent 8,000 pounds or less a month . Gajjar said he noticed the sisters ' credit card balances had changed at the beginning of 2012 . Their average monthly expenditures were previously between 10,000 pounds and 20,000 pounds a month , he said . He was more concerned about Francesca 's balance because it was higher , he said -- reaching about 40,000 pounds "  on a regular basis . " The prosecutor asked why he did not raise the matter with Saatchi and Lawson immediately , but Gajjar said he put it "  on the back burner " because other matters were more pressing . "  We were dealing with more corporate matters -- more serious corporate matters -- and Mr. Saatchi and Miss Lawson normally did n't have time for what we thought were trivial matters , " Gajjar said . The sisters were expected to make purchases for the family on the company credit card , he said , as part of their job helping the couple with personal and work-related matters . He said they had a close relationship with Lawson and Saatchi and regularly accompanied the family on holiday . After an investigation revealed the sisters ' alleged personal spending , Gajjar said he met with them in July 2012 to discuss the situation . The sisters , who did n't have any housing expenses , initially said they were "  happy to start paying back " what they had spent on themselves , he said . However , they then rejected the offer and complained of their treatment , he said . Saatchi 's testimony had been expected to follow that of Gajjar , who has been finance director of the Saatchi Gallery Group , part of the multimillionaire art dealer 's Conarco Partnership , since June 2002 . However , it became clear there would not be time for Saatchi to take the stand before proceedings finished for the day . Saatchi is expected to testify Friday . Drugs use allegations Isleworth Crown Court heard at a pretrial hearing for the sisters this week that Lawson and Saatchi had a "  culture of secrecy " around their marriage . In the hearing , the defense read an e-mail from Saatchi to Lawson about the allegedly embezzled money , saying the assistants would "  get off " because , he wrote , Lawson was using cocaine and marijuana on a daily basis and "  allowed the sisters to spend whatever they liked . " Representatives for Lawson declined to comment on the allegations , citing the ongoing court proceedings . The defense also read a statement from Saatchi saying he learned of Lawson 's alleged drug use in June , around the time the couple were photographed in a restaurant having an argument . In the photos -- which were splashed across the front pages of national newspapers at the time -- Saatchi is seen with his hand around Lawson 's throat . Saatchi accepted a police caution for assault , and the couple announced they would divorce soon afterward . The defense alleged that the e-mails showed both Saatchi and Lawson had attempted a "  manipulation of the court " and that the case should be thrown out . The judge ruled the trial would proceed . The prosecution told the court Wednesday that the two sisters spent some 685,000 pounds  $ 1.1 million  on company credit cards over the course of four years , according to UK media reports . The pretrial hearing had heard allegations the two sisters had spent a lesser amount , about 300,000 pounds , on luxuries . On Wednesday , Lawson tweeted out a recipe , saying it was in thanks for her supporters . "  Holiday Hotcake : the perfect recipe to show thanks for all your support & to those who hashtag #teamNigella , " she wrote . Lawson , whose culinary skills have long entranced UK audiences , has also appeared as a judge on ABC show "  The Taste " in the United States . A second season of the show is due to air in January . Opinion : The rich and famous are not immune to domestic abuse CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	NEW : Testimony from Charles Saatchi , Nigella Lawson 's ex-husband , is expected Friday Sisters spent money on luxury goods , accountant for Charles Saatchi says Lawson 's reps have declined to comment on drug use allegations made in court The couple 's former assistants deny embezzling large sums of money
CNN  -- The return of "  Once Upon a Time " on Sunday night left fans "  Frozen " in their seats . The ABC series , which concerns fairy-tale characters who are transported to the real world , had its highly anticipated fourth-season premiere with a storyline that included characters from the hit animated Disney film "  Frozen . "  Disney , it should be noted , owns ABC . Elsa comes to Storybrooke in search of her sister Anna . Kristoff also got some screen time , with the storyline picking up where the movie ended . The casting of the "  Frozen " characters had been speculated about for months before it was finally announced that "  Fringe " star Georgina Haig had been cast as Elsa alongside "  Greek " alum Scott Michael Foster as Kristoff and newcomer Elizabeth Lail as Anna . The network even released a teaser trailer for the "  Frozen " storyline that did n't reveal Elsa 's face . All of the anticipation paid off in the ratings . According to EW , the series "  spiked an impressive 31 percent from last fall to mark its best ratings in nearly two years . " The "  Frozen " storyline was n't the only one that generated excitement during the premiere . The Sorcerer 's hat from the film "  Fantasia " made an appearance during the characters Rumple and Belle 's honeymoon -- possibly portending all types of magical action this season .	"  Once Upon a Time " returned Sunday There 's a "  Frozen " storyline this season Ratings increased 31 % over last season
