U.S. Sen. John McCain took in the anti-government protest scene in Kiev 's Independence Square , known as the Maidan , on Saturday , snapping pictures with his cell phone as he met with opposition leaders . He called it an "  incredible display of patriotism " in a tweet that includes an aerial photo of the square . McCain also said he was with the younger brother of heavyweight boxing champion Vitali Klitschko , who is one of the opposition leaders . The Republican senator has been critical of Ukrainian authorities ' use of force against protesters . "  If Ukraine 's government thinks that brute force and the politics of fear can see it through the current crisis , it is woefully mistaken , " McCain said in a statement last week . Ukrainian prosecutors are investigating some top government officials regarding the beating of students at anti-government protests two weeks ago . The subjects of the criminal investigation include Ukrainian Deputy Secretary for National Security Vladimir Sivkovich , Kiev Police Chief Valery Koryak and Kiev Mayor Oleksandr Popov . A fourth person also is under investigation . The case will be put before a judge on Monday , who could order the those being investigated to house arrest , said Valery Vilkova , spokeswoman for the general prosecutor . The tumult in Ukraine goes to the heart of its future ties with Russia and the rest of Europe . Protests have unfolded in Ukraine since November 21 after President Viktor Yanukovych changed his stance on a trade pact with the European Union that had been years in the making . He refused to sign the agreement , which would have strengthened cooperation with the European Union . Instead , he opted for closer ties with neighboring Russia . Ukraine protests : 5 things you need to know Hundreds of thousands of Ukrainians have taken to the streets of Kiev to demand that the EU deal be signed . The demonstrations are the biggest the country has seen since the Orange Revolution overturned the results of the country 's 2004 presidential election . Protesters have created camps and barricades throughout the city center , and have set up makeshift soup kitchens , said CNN iReporter Harvey Carrol . The epicenter of the protest has been in the city 's central Maidan Square , where protesters have created a giant "  revolutionary " Christmas tree decorated with flags and a giant poster of jailed former Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko . On Saturday , a pro-government rally was held at nearby European Square , according to the state news agency Ukrinform . Kiev police estimated about 57,000 people participated in the rally . Ukrainian Prime Minister Mykola Azarov spoke at the gathering . Ukraine President offers amnesty to protesters	U.S. Sen. John McCain visits anti-government protesters in Kiev Calls mass protest "  incredible display of patriotism " in tweet The Kiev mayor is among four under investigation for excessive use of violence Police estimate 57,000 people attend pro-government rally
BIG SUR , California  CNN  -- Thousands of people living in Paradise are fleeing their small northern California town Wednesday as wildfires charge into the area , officials said . A fire captain looks at the fire burning in southern Santa Barbara , California , on Tuesday . More than half the town 's 26,000 residents have been evacuated as firefighters struggled to battle growing wildfires in the area , authorities said . Residents of the nearby town of Concow had already been told to leave their homes . As of 10 a.m. about 14,000 people had been evacuated from Paradise , said Chuck Rough , director of the emergency operations center in the town . "  We do n't have much containment , " said Rough , who said thick smoke in the area had made it impossible to fight the fire by air Tuesday . "  Today we are holding our breath literally and figuratively . " The blaze -- one of several in Butte County -- has already torched 40 homes . It 's just one of the 1,780 wildfires that have scorched more than 614,000 acres in the state in the last few weeks . Most of the fires have been caused by lightning strikes . There were still 323 active fires Wednesday that were being battled by about 20,000 federal , state and local firefighters , authorities said . The fires near Paradise , which is about 90 miles north of Sacramento , California , threatened thousands of homes , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection , known as Cal Fire . Residents streamed to shelters in the area , some not knowing if their homes had been destroyed , said Jeannine Olson , a volunteer nurse at Neighborhood Church in the nearby city of Chico . Olson said the church shelter was filled to capacity with about 150 people , and 20 more were living in their cars in the church parking lot . "  People are a little scared and are wondering what is going on , " she said . "  But people here are trying to handle this the best they can . " Wind gusts of more than 40 mph pushed the fire dangerously close to many residential communities in the area , said Cal Fire spokesman Daniel Berlant . Watch TV crew driven into fire " "  We were lucky that the winds did not pick up last night as it was predicted , " he said . "  But there are still some immediate threats . " Watch what 's left of burned home in Big Sur " Conditions seemed to be getting a little bit better in the fight against a wildfire near the central California coastal community of Big Sur . iReport.com : Share your photos , videos of the fires The mandatory evacuations in that area had been downgraded to an advisory Tuesday , according to local and federal fire officials . But the Basin Complex Fire was only 27 percent contained Wednesday , according to federal fire authorities . It has torched more than 86,700 acres , and containment is not expected until the end of the month . Watch why fires could be related to global warming " The nearby Indians Fire , in the Ventana Wilderness , was 97 percent contained after burning more than 81,000 acres , the U.S. Forest Service said . Further south , in coastal Santa Barbara County , the Gap Fire , which has burned 9,710 acres , was 55 percent contained , the Forest Service said .	NEW : Half of Paradise 's 26,000 residents have been forced to evacuate NEW : The blaze has torched 40 homes in the area , officials say Wind gusts , high temperatures make task harder for firefighters More than 614,000 acres have burned in California in past few weeks
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- A woman wailed as security guards dragged her out of the briefing room used to provide updates on missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . She is the mother of one of the passengers , and her protest is but one sign that patience is fraying among the relatives of the missing . The families of the passengers have been mostly out of the spotlight as Malaysian authorities spearhead a mission to find the plane . But as day 12 rolled around with no answers , the frustration became evident . Not knowing the fate of their loved ones weighs heavily on the family members , who are desperate for answers . Three women , relatives of the passengers , staged a protest at the Kuala Lumpur hotel where the world 's media is staying . Their efforts were cut short by security guards who removed them through a crush of reporters , dragging one as she screamed . Anger as relatives confront officials "  I do n't care what your government does , " one woman shouted , referring to the Malaysians . "  I just want my son back . " The flashes from dozens of cameras lit up her face as she spoke . The woman identified herself as the mother of Li Le , a 36-year-old Chinese national aboard the missing plane . "  My son , " she said , weeping . "  I just want my son back . " Another woman , wearing a blue shirt , white baseball cap , sunglasses and a face mask , raised her right arm as she demanded more information from the Malaysian government . "  We need media from the entire world  to  help us find our lost families and find the MH370 plane , " the woman said . "  We have no information at all . ... They only say ` keep searching ' -- from South China Sea to Malacca Strait to Andaman Sea . " Why no phone calls from the plane ? She and the other families waiting in Kuala Lumpur said they are n't satisfied with "  the Malaysian government 's inaction . " "  What we need is to know the truth , to know where the plane is , " she shouted . "  We have had enough . Malaysian government are liars . " Guards then escorted the women out , apparently against their will . The screams of Li Le 's mother were piercing as she was dragged through a sea of reporters . The other two women were led out by guards . All three were taken to a room in the hotel , and Malaysian authorities blocked the door . Afterward , Malaysia 's acting defense and transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein expressed "  regret " about the incident , which he promised to look into . "  One can only imagine the anguish they are going through , " Hussein said in a statement . "  Malaysia is doing everything in its power to find MH370 and hopefully bring some degree of closure for those whose family members are missing . " How do passenger jets change flight paths ? Relatives wait in Beijing The agony of the wait was felt not just in Kuala Lumpur . Families in Beijing -- the scheduled destination for Flight 370 -- also gather daily for a briefing with officials . Ye Lun , whose brother-in-law is on the missing plane , says every day is the same . He and his group leave the hotel in the morning for a daily briefing , and that 's it . They go back to the hotel to watch the news on television . The deepening mystery has taken its toll on the families . Ye 's sister -- the wife of one of the passengers -- has become very unstable , he said . "  Every morning , she feels that she 's got hope when she comes to the briefing . Then they simply say those blurry things again , " Ye said . "  Then she loses hope again . " He continued : "  It 's like this every single day . She always hopes that a miracle will happen , but it does n't . I do n't know when this miracle will happen . How many days have we got left , I do n't know . " Ye 's brother-in-law is a veteran of the Malaysia Airlines ' Kuala Lumpur-Beijing route , a silver-level frequent flier . The airline 's handling of the situation is so unpopular that the families in Beijing are talking about potential lawsuits . Ye asked for an envoy from the airline to confer with the families to explain the details of the situation . "  The longer the wait , the bigger the mental shadow we have , " he said . That 's not to say relatives are giving up . For proof , all one needs to do is look at a board inside a conference room of Beijing 's Lido Hotel -- inscribed with heart-wrenching messages such as , "  Little Ling , why do n't you call home ? " and "  We 're waiting for you to come home for dinner . " One reads : "  Dear Dad , please come back safe . I just want to see your face , hold your hands and hear your teachings . " Experts answer your questions Air France flight unity In a show of solidarity , some families of the victims of Air France Flight 447 , which also went missing before its wreckage was found , wrote an open letter to the families of Flight 370 passengers . The letter expressed dismay about the vague and sometimes contradictory statements from the Malaysian government , and it suggested that families turn to their home governments to pressure the Malaysians for details . The letter was written by a group of relatives of Flight 447 victims who lived in Germany . The president of the group , Dr. Bernd Gans , said it is necessary for the families of Flight 370 to stick together and to pressure officials "  to make sure they are getting answers . " Gans lost a daughter in the Air France tragedy , and he said coping with the incident becomes easier over time . "  Yes , in the first moment you are completely paralyzed , but life goes on , it 's necessary , " he said . For now , the Flight 370 families are in limbo -- frustrated by the lack of clear information , while fending off their worst fears and clinging to hope . It 's all consuming , said Peter Weeks , whose brother and "  best friend " Paul , originally from New Zealand , was on Flight 370 . "  You spend 24 hours a day thinking about it , really -- every waking moment and even in the few moments of sleep , " Weeks told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday . "  The first thing I do is go straight on the Internet in the morning and see if there 's any update . And every day ... there 's no solid information about anything . " Sarah Bajc , the partner of American Philip Wood , initially thought the plane had been commandeered or hijacked . As time elapsed , that theory has gained followers . "  All my friends were starting to think that perhaps I was just in denial , and I was even starting to doubt myself a little bit , " Bajc told CNN ' . "  So when all of this new evidence started to come out , it gave me confidence that I was n't so crazy after all . " She is no aviation expert , but she has intuition , and it tells her that the passengers , including Wood , are still alive . Whoever is holding the passengers hostage in this scenario can achieve their goal without hurting anyone , she said . There is no evidence that this is the case , but it is her message to any possible captors . "  Miracles do happen , " she said . "  They happen every day . " LIVE : Latest updates on the missing Malaysia Airlines jetliner Difficulties may hamper Flight 370 search Snapshots of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 passengers Passenger 's partner says she 's certain her soul mate is alive CNN 's Kyung Lah and Atika Shubert contributed to this report from Kuala Lumpur ; Yuli Yang contributed from Beijing ; and Justin Lear , Kevin Wang and Greg Botelho contributed from Atlanta . Mariano Castillo wrote the story in Atlanta .	NEW : Relatives write heart-wrenching messages on a board inside a Beijing hotel Some family members of passengers on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 protest at a hotel Security guards drag one screaming woman away through a crush of reporters A passenger 's brother describes the ordeal as all-consuming for relatives
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- All 36 crew members of a Spanish fishing boat hijacked by Somali pirates more than a month ago have been freed along with their vessel , the Spanish prime minister said Tuesday . "  Our sailors of the Alakrana are free and will come home , " Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero announced in a news conference . "  These tough weeks have ended in a very positive way . " Zapatero did not say how the ship was freed . Spanish media -- including CNN sister station CNN + , which cited a source it said was close to the negotiations -- reported that a ransom had been paid . The prime minister congratulated the armed forces , diplomats , intelligence services , and the government for their role in freeing the ship . He also thanked the political parties that entered into an agreement ahead of the Alakrana 's release , but he did not give details . "  Alakrana now sails freely because many people have contributed , especially the wives and the families of the crew , who have had a very hard time , but have behaved very well , " Zapatero said . "  I want to say thank you to them for complying faithfully with what I asked of them in our meeting . This has been decisive for us to be able to feel safe in this situation today . " The fishing boat is now "  sailing freely toward safe waters , " Zapatero said , adding "  all crew members are safe and sound . " Pirates seized the Spanish fishing boat off Somalia 47 days ago . The crew included 16 members from Spain and 20 from Africa and Asia . A day after the hijacking , Spanish military monitoring the situation captured two pirate suspects as they left the fishing boat and later brought them to Madrid . The two were indicted Monday on 36 counts of kidnapping and armed robbery . They could face sentences of more than 200 years in prison each because of the multiple kidnapping counts . But the ship 's owner , Echebastar Fleet , and relatives of the crew members had pleaded with the court and the Spanish government to return the two suspects to Somalia , as pirate representatives had demanded in conversations with Spanish media . It is thought to be the first time suspected Somali pirates had appeared before a Spanish judge and been indicted . Spanish media have reported that various other European countries have sent Somali pirate suspects -- which their respective armed forces captured -- to Kenya to face judicial proceedings , but did not bring them to Europe . Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia and are currently holding 12 , including the Alakrana , Spanish Defense Minister Carme Chacon said recently . About a dozen other Spanish fishing boats had taken refuge in the Seychelles Islands but over the weekend , dozens of private Spanish security personnel arrived there and boarded the ships , with their weapons , to provide security , as other nations are doing for their fishing fleets in the troubled waters . Spain is part of a European Union task force against piracy in the Indian Ocean off Somalia . The Spanish parliament last January agreed to increase Spain 's presence with up to 395 troops and assets , including a frigate and aircraft . Chacon told Parliament before the vote that the fight against piracy "  is of vital importance for the defense of the geostrategic and economic interests of Spain , and will provide security to our fishing fleet . " CNN 's Al Goodman in Madrid , Spain , and Per Nyberg in London , England , contributed to this report .	All 36 crew members of a Spanish fishing boat hijacked by Somali pirates a month ago are freed Two Somalis were seized by Spanish military a day after pirates captured the boat Judge indicted the two on 36 counts of kidnapping -- one for each of the 36 crew members being held
Two of Pope Francis ' grandnephews and the boys ' mother were killed early Tuesday in a car crash in the pontiff 's homeland of Argentina , police said . The pontiff 's nephew , Emanuel Horacio Bergoglio , was critically injured in the crash on a highway in Cordoba province , said Carina Ferreyra , a Cordoba provincial police spokeswoman . A car driven by Bergoglio struck a truck about 12:30 a.m. , killing his sons -- Jose Bergoglio , 8 months , and Antonio Bergoglio , 2 -- and his wife , Valeria Carmona , 36 . Emanuel Bergoglio , 35 , was taken to a hospital in Cordoba , where he was in critical condition Tuesday morning , Ferreyra said . 5 ways the Pope is tougher than you think Pope Francis was "  deeply hurt " by news of the crash , a Vatican spokesman said . "  The Pope has been informed of the tragic accident that took place in Argentina involving some of his family members , " said the spokesman , the Rev. Federico Lombardi . "  He is deeply hurt . "  He asks to all of those who participate in his sorrow to be with him in prayers . " Pope Francis , the former Jorge Mario Bergoglio , served the Roman Catholic Church in Argentina for 43 years , including 15 years as archbishop of Buenos Aires . He succeeded Pope Benedict XVI as leader of the church in March 2013 . The 77-year-old pontiff recently visited South Korea -- the first papal visit to the country in 25 years . The Pope 's first year in 60 seconds	Police : A car driven by the Pope 's nephew struck a truck on a highway in Cordoba , Argentina The crash killed the nephew 's sons and wife , police say The Pope 's nephew , Emanuel Bergoglio , is in critical condition
London  CNN  -- Britain 's first female prime minister , Margaret Thatcher , has been honored in a ceremonial funeral service at St. Paul 's Cathedral in London . The bells of the landmark domed cathedral rang half-muffled as pallbearers carried Thatcher 's coffin to a hearse , ahead of a private cremation and burial . Queen Elizabeth II and her husband Prince Philip were among the more than 2,000 mourners who attended the service . At least 170 countries were represented among them . Mourners included Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper , former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and F.W. de Klerk , the last apartheid-era president of South Africa . Former U.S. Vice-President Dick Cheney and former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger attended but Nancy Reagan -- the widow of Thatcher 's ally and former U.S. President Ronald Reagan -- was unable to attend and sent a representative in her place . Live blog : Funeral of Margaret Thatcher Thatcher died of a stroke on April 8 , aged 87 . She was accorded a "  ceremonial " style funeral with full military honors , similar to those of Diana , Princess of Wales and the Queen Mother . The funeral was organized in line with the wishes of Thatcher herself and those of her twin children , Mark and Carol . Serving UK Prime Minister David Cameron and Thatcher 's granddaughter Amanda both gave readings , while the Bishop of London , the Right Rev. Richard Chartres gave the address . The bishop noted that the service was a funeral rather than memorial . "  At such a time , the parson should not aspire to the judgments which are proper to the politician ; instead , this is a place for ordinary human compassion of the kind that is reconciling , " he said . Chartres paid tribute to Thatcher 's "  courtesy and personal kindness which she showed to those who worked for her , as well as her capacity to reach out to the young and often also to those who were not , in the world 's eyes , ` important . ' " "  Perseverance in struggle and the courage to be were characteristic of Margaret Thatcher , " the bishop said . "  In a setting like this , in the presence of the leaders of the nation , it is easy to forget the immense hurdles she had to climb . " As a mark of respect , the chimes of Big Ben , as the bell and clock tower by the Palace of Westminster are commonly known , were silenced for the duration of the proceedings . The flag at 10 Downing Street flew at half staff . Rewriting history : How UK might have been without Thatcher A horse-drawn carriage earlier carried Thatcher 's coffin through the heart of the British capital to St. Paul 's on a procession route lined with British Army , Royal Navy and Royal Air Force personnel . Thatcher 's coffin had lain overnight at a chapel at the Palace of Westminster and was taken by hearse to the Church of St. Clement Danes -- the Royal Air Force Chapel -- on the Strand , before being transferred to the gun carriage . As it traveled through the streets , both cheers and boos were heard from bystanders , reflecting the divisive legacy of the politician known as the "  Iron Lady . " Protest threat The threat of demonstrations -- on top of fears that dissident Irish Republicans may try to act -- heightened security concerns around the funeral and more than 4,000 Metropolitan Police officers were placed on duty for the event . Roads near St. Paul 's Cathedral closed and buses were diverted from early Wednesday as part of the security operation . Many Britons blame Thatcher for creating soaring unemployment but supporters believe the tough reforms she pushed through transformed the British economy . Thatcher : Revered and reviled , in death as in life By 8:30 am local time , supporters had crowded by the railings of the cathedral , some with folding chairs , and police stood on every few yards down the road to the cathedral . At Ludgate Circus , a crowd of about 50 protesters waved Socialist Worker placards , a sign reading "  Anarchists Against Thatcher " and rainbow-hued "  Peace " flags . Another held a sign demanding ` Where was her respect for Goldthorpe and the miners ? ' referring to Thatcher 's campaign against the power of coal-mining unions . Protester Hilary Jones said Thatcher had been strident in her beliefs "  and her beliefs were so at odds to a large chunk of the population . " "  There was nothing for many of us to feel proud of during her time , " she said . But Conservative Party activist Lionel Voke said he credited Thatcher with the success of his business . ` We 're here out of respect - to us , she was wonderful . I accept that not everyone sees it the same way , but it 's the same if Tony Blair died -- I would n't necessarily come , but I 'd expect him to be treated with respect , and I 'd want him to rest in peace . " Ian Twinn said he had traveled from New York to mark the life-changing impact Thatcher had on him . "  I was a boy in the 1980s . Rightly or wrongly she changed the landscape of the UK forever , and she made me feel I could do anything , " he said . Thatcher , who led the Conservative Party from 1975 until she was forced to resign in 1990 , remained involved in British politics for the next decade or so . She was named Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven after leaving office and served in the House of Lords . She retired from public life after a stroke in 2002 and suffered several smaller strokes after that . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Bryony Jones contributed to this report .	Margaret Thatcher received a ceremonial funeral with full military honors Queen Elizabeth II and Prime Minister David Cameron were among the mourners Former U.S. statesmen Dick Cheney and Henry Kissinger also attended Thatcher is being cremated and buried in a private ceremony
The Duchess of Cambridge 's announcement today puts an end to months of pregnancy speculation . Number Two is on the way and with him or her comes a huge boost for the Royal Family . The level of excitement wo n't quite be the same as it was for Prince George -- but we can still expect great interest across the world and massive baby fever early next year . But why does the "  spare heir " matter ? One child is never enough for a monarch . Throughout history , the only way to secure a throne has been with a phalanx of children -- nine for Victoria , thirteen for George III . Aristocratic wives were once told they needed to provide an "  heir and a spare " at least -- and the same has always been true for the royals . Once , this was because high mortality rates meant that the more children the better -- for the first born son did n't always come to be King . Henry VIII was the second son , who became heir and ascended at 17 after the untimely death of his brother , Arthur . George V was also the second son -- and also became heir after his elder brother died young from influenza . Both men married the women who 'd been betrothed to their brothers -- Henry made Catherine of Aragon his queen and George wed Mary of Teck . The current Queen 's father , George VI , was the second son of George V , and was never meant to be king . But when his elder brother , Edward VIII , gave up the throne in 1936 to marry American divorcee Wallace Simpson , the heir became the king -- much to his own surprise . Now we do n't expect the second child will come to rule , but he or she still has a vital role in carrying out royal duties and obligations . The Royal Family - or "  Firm , " as the current royals like to call it -- needs plenty of employees for the huge number of royal visits and receptions . What is different in 2014 is that the heir and the spare heir can be female . After the law changed last year to allow women the same rights of accession to the throne as men , females are no longer pushed to the back of the line . If the Duchess of Cambridge 's baby is a girl , she will be the next in line to the throne after her brother -- even if more sons follow . This baby will be a huge boost to the Royal Family - and "  Brand Windsor " across the world . But what will his or her life be like ? The role of the second-in-line is not easy . For Princess Margaret being younger sister of the heir was no picnic -- she had all of the downsides of being royal , such as lack of privacy and restrictions on freedom , without the great compensation of becoming Queen . Unable to find a role for herself or marry the man she loved , the Princess sank into depression and ill health . Prince Harry , too , has been clear on how hard it is to find an occupation -- he was eager to fight on the frontline in Afghanistan but was accidentally exposed by Australian media and had to return . It 's also been hard for him to find a woman who will take on the royal role . "  Royals are only private in the womb , " said the governess of Elizabeth II . We are fascinated by royal children -- most of all by the second or the "  spare heir . " What will be even more difficult for this second child is that he or she will grow up in a world of camera phones and social media , where private photos are gold dust and royals are the biggest celebrity big game of all . The life of the second child can be exciting and dynamic -- but most of all it is one of extreme fame -- and a lot of responsibility .	The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting her second child , Buckingham Palace announced "  Throughout history , the only way to secure a throne has been with a phalanx of children " Aristocratic wives were once told they needed to provide an "  heir and a spare " at least The second child has a vital role in carrying out royal duties and obligations
CNN  -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy was released from hospital Monday morning following a night spent under observation after he collapsed while jogging in woodlands near Paris . French President Nicolas Sarkozy shakes hands with medical staff as he leaves hospital Monday . Sarkozy left hospital arm-in-arm with his wife , Carla Bruni , shaking hands with medical staff before being driven away in an official car , according to Agence France-Presse . The 54-year-old fainted while exercising with bodyguards in hot sunshine near his weekend home close to the Palace of Versailles -- though officials stressed he was never unconscious . A witness told AFP that Bruni arrived at the scene shortly afterwards on a police scooter . Sarkozy was then flown to the Val-de-Grace military hospital by helicopter . Officials said Sunday that Sarkozy 's condition was due to a "  minor " nerve condition known as a vasovagal syncope , which affects the flow of blood to the heart causing low blood pressure and faintness , according to AFP . Watch more on Sarkozy 's trip to hospital " In a statement , the hospital said blood tests , brain scans and an electrocardiogram had detected nothing abnormal . It said Sarkozy had been urged to rest for several days but that no medical treatment had been prescribed . Sarkozy was due to visit the abbey of Mont Saint-Michel in Normandy on Tuesday but the appointment has been cancelled , according to the French presidency Web site . Sarkozy is expected to chair a meeting of ministers on Wednesday morning before going on a three-week summer vacation in the south of France . Since becoming president in 2007 , Sarkozy , who is often photographed running and cycling , has cultivated an image as a healthy and energetic president -- in contrast with previous incumbents of the Elysee Palace such as Jacques Chirac and Francois Mitterand who governed into their 70s . Sarkozy also vowed to make public his annual medical check-ups , in contrast to previous presidents whose states of health were closely guarded secrets . Mitterrand privately battled prostate cancer throughout his presidency from 1981 to 1995 , undergoing several operations and eventually succumbing to the disease a year after leaving office at the age of 79 . "  President Sarkozy came to office saying he was going to be more transparent in office and so far he seems to be getting reasonably good marks on that , " said CNN 's Paris Correspondent Jim Bittermann . "  We certainly saw the president come out today smiling and apparently in good health . The French public appears to have been kept better informed than on previous occasions . " CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	French President Nicolas Sarkozy spends night in hospital after collapsing Sarkozy collapsed while jogging Sunday in woodlands near weekend home 54-year-old suffering from "  minor " nervous condition causing low blood pressure French minister : "  The news from the doctors is good . He 'll be out today "
When a reporter asked Navy Cmdr. Tim Jirus whether he felt Building 197 at the Washington Navy Yard was secure , he answered the only way he could Monday . "  Not today . " In addition to the gunman , authorities said 12 people were killed and eight others injured when a shooter opened fire in Building 197 at the Navy Yard . Earlier , Navy Vice Adm. William D. French had said 14 people were injured . Located in the heart of the nation 's capital , the Navy Yard is home to high-level naval personnel . About 3,000 people work there , including junior service members and civilian employees . It 's supposed to be a secure facility . So what went wrong ? "  It 'll be interesting to see as this develops who the shooter is , how he got in , those type of questions answered . I think right now a lot of people are wondering , you know , just how safe the building is , or how safe the office environment is , " Jirus said . The FBI has identified the suspected shooter as Aaron Alexis , a 34-year-old military contractor from Texas . He had access to the Yard because of his contracting work , and he used a valid pass to gain entry , said Valerie Parlave , assistant director in charge of the Washington FBI field office . Jirus described how access typically works . "  I have a CAC card , " he said , referring to a common access card , the standard ID for active duty uniformed service personnel , Selected Reserve , Defense Department civilian employees and eligible contractor personnel . Audit reports Navy risked security to cut costs , says source The ID also is the main card used to grant physical access to buildings and other controlled spaces . "  As a military person , we all have badges that we have to key the door to get in -- that allows us automatic access to the building . "  But again , if you 're a contractor , if you 're coming to visit the building , you can go through security and walk right in -- not walk right in , but you would check in through security , " Jirus said . Even to drive or walk onto the base , a person would be required to present credentials , said Navy Capt. Mark Vandroff . Building 197 has armed security at the door . "  There 's a kiosk you go through , and it either gives you a green or a red light , but the green light shows that your credentials are recognized as someone who is supposed to be in that building . "  So you have to go through a couple of layers of security to get into Building 197 -- first to get access onto the Yard , and then through the doors to get in , " Vandroff said . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr has visited the Navy Yard several times over the years for stories . Victims identified In her experience , security is extensive . Everyone must have clearance to be there or valid identification that allows them entry . If you were an employee of the facility , you would have a parking sticker and go through a checkpoint , Starr said . A guard would see your sticker , know that you were authorized to be on the compound and allow you to proceed . If you were a visitor , as Starr would be , you 'd call ahead and have an appointment . Guards would have your name at the gate , and you would be escorted to wherever you needed to go . "  So the question , of course , is -- how did somebody get a weapon onto the base ? " she asked . "  Look , it is always possible in these types of situations , theoretically , to find your way around security measures . Somebody could have had a weapon in their car , unseen , hidden and taken it out . "  There 's any number of ways it might have happened , " Starr said .	Shooting suspect Aaron Alexis had access to the Yard because of his contracting work Eight people were injured in Monday morning 's shooting CNN 's Barbara Starr : "  It is always possible ... theoretically , to find your way around security "
CNN  -- Two bodies have been found in Yosemite National Park in recent days near where three hikers were swept over a 317-foot waterfall last July , officials at the park in California said Monday . The body of one of the three was recovered two weeks after the incident . In July , witnesses said the three -- two men and a woman -- climbed over the guardrail at the top of a trail and went into the gushing river that feeds the waterfall , known as Vernal Fall . They were quickly swept over . Park officials said in a statement Monday that a body found by a park ranger last Tuesday was determined to be that of Ninos Yacoub , 27 , of Turlock , California . The man 's body was found in the Merced River about half a mile below the base of the waterfall , the statement said . Hidden dangers in Yosemite Yacoub was with Hormiz David , 22 , of Modesto , California , and Ramina Badal , 21 , of Manteca , California , when the three disappeared over the waterfall . David 's body was recovered in August about 240 feet from the base of the waterfall . A third body was found last Saturday in the same general location of where Yacoub 's body was located , park officials said Monday , and authorities are likely to make a positive identification "  within the next several days . "	Ninos Yacoub was one of three hikers swept over a waterfall in July His body was found last week in a river near the waterfall One hiker 's body was recovered two weeks after the incident
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- A slate of Cabinet ministers for Libya 's emerging government was finalized Sunday , two spokesmen for the National Transitional Council said . The names of those in the new Cabinet are expected to be released soon , said the spokesmen , who declined to be named . The transitional council has organized the military and political movement to unseat Libya 's long-time ruler Moammar Gadhafi . It moved its capital from Benghazi to Tripoli last month , after anti-Gadhafi forces took over the city , and is recognized as Libya 's legitimate government by many nations and world bodies , including the United Nations and African Union . In that time -- and as fighting continues against regime loyalists in a few locales -- council representatives have spoken for the government internationally and also tried to execute certain functions within Libya . But up until now , the group has not had ministers formally charged with overseeing certain aspects of government . Gadhafi son slams Interpol arrest warrant One of those places that remains a battle zone , in addition to Bani Walid and Sabha , is Sirte . Last week , the transitional council said that the central coastal city and about 5,000 pro-Gadhafi loyalists inside were surrounded by its forces . On Saturday , the group 's chairman Mustafa Abdul Jalil gave civilians 48 hours to leave before a full-scale offensive is launched . Souad Masoudi , a spokeswoman for the International Committee of Red Cross , earlier this weekend claimed that about 10,000 people had fled Sirte . The group described humanitarian conditions inside the besieged city as dire , adding that medical supplies appeared to be in dangerously short supply . On Sunday -- after having earlier efforts , by boat , aborted due to "  the security situation " -- a Red Cross team entered Sirte by land from the west , the group said in a press release . They met with civil representatives who claimed dangerous shortages of drinking water , hygiene items and food , including for infants . The team also went to Ibn Sina hospital , with the operation 's leader Hichem Khadraoui describing the conditions for medical personnel as "  extremely difficult . " Libyan Jew returns from exile There , they delivered enough surgical material -- including body bags and dressing kits -- to treat about 200 wounded people , as well as 400 liters  about 106 gallons  of fuel for the facility 's generator . "  The hospital is facing a huge influx of patients , medical supplies are running out , and there is a desperate need for oxygen , " Khadraoui said . "  On top of that , the water reservoir is damaged . "	The slate of ministers was made final Sunday , 2 transitional council spokesmen say Many recognize the council as Libya 's government , but it had not had a Cabinet The Red Cross delivers much-needed supplies in the besieged city of Sirte
CNN  Japan 's Shimanami Kaido might be an expressway , but it was designed with the cyclist in mind . A spectacular 60-kilometer road-and-bridge network connecting Japan 's main island of Honshu with Shikoku  the nation 's fourth largest island  , it spans six smaller islands in the process and features bike and pedestrian lanes for its entire length . The sublime scenery of the Shimanami Kaido  Island-Wave-Sea Route  runs from Onomichi in Hiroshima Prefecture down to Imabari in Ehime Prefecture . Whichever way you travel , the views of the Seto Inland Sea National Park are sublime . Cycling gives you the freedom to stop for a photo halfway across a bridge or detour to investigate lighthouses , shrines and natural wonders most automobile travelers zip past . With 14 cycle rental terminals along the way , you can go at your own pace , spend a night at a campsite or inn or just hand your bike in at the nearest rental terminal and hop on a bus . Some terminals even have electric bicycles for hire . Experienced cyclists will be able to complete the entire route -- there are a few challenging spots -- in a few hours . Here 's a look at some of the highlights . Starting point : Onomichi As of March , Onomichi is home to Japan 's first hotel designed exclusively for cyclists : Hotel Cycle in the Onomichi U2 building , just five minutes ' walk from the JR station . Manager Katsunori Takahashi is huge cycling enthusiast , and it shows . You can park your bike in your room , and there 's even a cycle-through restaurant . Taiwanese bike manufacturer Giant has a store in U2 catering to cyclists : bikes , accessories , repairs . U2 's Shima Shop sells local produce such as lemon comfiture and dried debera  five-spot flounder  , an Onomichi delicacy . As for Onomichi itself , the town was built on a hillside overlooking the sea , so the best way to see it before you head onto the Shimanami Kaido is to catch the ropeway to the top of Senkoji Hill and enjoy the panorama . The walk down the Path of Literature is pleasant -- it winds past past boulders engraved with works by famous writers who 've stayed in Onomichi over the centuries . You 'll see the splendid Senkoji Temple , which dates from 806 AD , one of the oldest temples in Japan . A stamina boost comes in the form of Onomichi 's legendary ramen . Tsutafuji is one of the most popular ramen shops in town . It 's a mom and pop waterfront bar near the JR station that 's been open more than 50 years . There are just 10 stools inside , so you may have wait a while . Once inside , you 'll get a bowlful of noodles topped with pork in a pork-bone-and-fish broth . ` Orchard of Japan ' After a day in Onomichi , it 's time to roll . As soon as you 've crossed Onomichi Strait and reached Mukaishima Island , you 'll find yourself in a serene realm of citrus groves , set in the folds of forest-clad mountains . Citrus is big business here . The town of Setoda is Japan 's number one producer of lemons , while Ehime Prefecture is known as the Orchard of Japan . There are tangerines , oranges and hybrid fruits unique to these islands , such as anseikan  a cannonball-sized grapefruit  . Citrus-related products abound : cakes , jams , honey , sauces , juices . World 's longest suspension bridge As you breeze across the routes magnificent bridges  seven of them  , a labyrinth of misty islands unfolds below . There are inhabited islands , desert islands and islands that are no more than a rock with a lone pine tree clinging to it . A procession of trawlers , tugs and speedboats glides in and out the channels . As for those bridges , their exquisite state of the art forms make them an attraction in their own right . Tatara is one of the world 's longest cable-stayed bridges -- its elegant 220-meter-high steel towers represent the folded wings of a crane . At 4,045 meters long , Kurushima Bridge is the longest suspension bridge in the world . Temples , fusion food , stunning sea Deep in the heart of rural Japan , there 's a rich amount of art and culture to enjoy . Kosanji Temple on Ikuchijima Island is a must-visit . Built in 1936 by Buddhist priest Koso Kosanji in memory of his mother , this wonderland of temples , pagodas and natural beauty took more than 30 years to complete . Each building is modeled on famous temple buildings in Kyoto , Nikko and elsewhere , so visiting is like taking a stroll through Japanese history . For the perfect ending to a trip  should you choose to loop back the way you came  you ca n't go wrong with the Bella Vista Hotel in the hills outside Onomichi . The rooms are huge and offer views over the supreme serenity of the island-dotted sea . There 's exquisite fusion in the hotel 's Italian restaurant  blowfish and tagliarini  . The hotel spa is open to the elements on one side , allowing fresh ocean breezes to cool your skin as you boil to a jelly while watching Jupiter rise over the Seto Sea . Travel info Shinkansen bullet trains depart Tokyo regularly for Shin-Onomichi station -- the trip takes about 4.5 hours . Domestic flights between Tokyo and Hiroshima take about an hour and 20 minutes . Bicycles can be rented for 500 yen a day  children 300 yen  . Tolls totaling 500 yen  about $ 5  are required for all bridge crossings . By car , the tolls are about 4,000 yen one way . A free shuttle bus to the Bella Vista Hotel runs from Onomichi JR station . The Tourist Office in the station can arrange it for you . Steve John Powell is a Hiroshima-based travel writer who has contributed to the Japan Times , CNN Travel and the South China Morning Post . Originally published May 2014 . Updated April 3 , 2015 . CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Japan 's Shimanami Kaido is a spectacular 60-kilometer road and bridge network The whole route has cycle lanes and offers views of the Seto Inland Sea National Park Cyclists cross the 4,045-meter Kurushima Bridge , the world 's longest suspension bridge
CNN  -- If you gave most folks the choice between their smartphone and their nondominant hand , many of us would wave a one-palmed goodbye to Mr. Lefty/Righty , weld our iPhones to our wrists and grimly welcome an existence of Terminator-like efficiency . Yup , we 're addicted to those little bleating beasts , so much so that we fold them wholly into our workaday lives , blindly committing a cornucopia of social indignities with zero cognizance . Conversely , we look down our noses at those who commit the very same phone faux pas , hypocritically musing over their every social slight . Well , my friends , it 's time to stand up and take notice . We 're not asking you to wholly throw out the litany of bad habits below  that is entirely impossible , and we will have executed at least four of 10 before the week is out  . We merely ask you to be more aware of when you 're about to do something that , if done to you , would send you into a frothy fit of rage . The iPhone 4S may be sailing toward us on the wings of fall , but the aforementioned bionic scenario is still a ways off  we hope  . Let 's all try not to do these : 1  . Walking while texting We know that Harold totally needs to know that you 'll be 15 minutes late to his '70s - themed fondue party  because you had a polyester-induced wardrobe crisis  , but we 're pretty sure that the owner of that baby carriage that you upended in your fervor to alert H. does n't give a fig about your sartorial issues . And that kid 's later-life bed-wetting will be completely your fault . 2  . Pulling out the phone at the dinner table Or pulling out the phone  for any extended period of time  during any social situation , really . Yeah , we know that the notion of beating your brother-in-law at Words With Friends has been haunting your very dreams , but your friend/family member/other of varying degrees of significance is probably much more interesting . If that is not , in fact , the case , consider hanging with your brother-in-law instead . 3  . Returning a call with a text Unless you 're in a movie theater , at work or in the middle of an important life moment , said action makes you appear socially awkward . 4  . Crop-dusting It 's Friday night and you want to RAGE ! Systematically , you scroll through all of your contacts , shooting them nearly identical messages : "  What R U up 2 2nite ??? " Whoever answers first -- or whoever answers with the best , most exciting plans  jello shots and football and girls !!!  -- is the winner . And you have won , too ! You won the role of "  Flaky Tool " among your disgruntled friend group . 5  . Messenger-pigeoning You 're watching that brand new show starring the unmatchably quirky Zooey Deschanel on Hulu when a pal texts you , asking what time you want to have dinner later . You see the text . You think to yourself , "  7:30 ... " You commence watching Zooey dance and twirl . Three hours later , you text back , "  7:30 . " And thusly , you have transported humankind from a time of instantaneous communication to an era when we had to wait for rats with wings to deliver fecal-stained parchments across the sea . 6  . Drunk dialing/texting You already lost most of your dignity when you entered that dance contest after slamming five tequila shots . Retain the remainder and give your phone to a friend . 7  . Lifecasting in lieu of living You may have a problem if : your first thought when gazing up at a sun-splashed sky , rippling and luminescent like a melting watercolor , is "  I have to Instagram that " instead of , "  Oh , pretty sunset . " Similarly : When any semi-intelligent musing becomes worthy of a tweet . 8  . Digital dallying You stopped physically seeing this dude/chick about three weeks ago , but you still text him/her every once in a while  "  Whoooaaa , it 's like unseasonably warm today ! "  , you still comment on all of his/her stuff on Facebook and you 're currently engaged in a vigorous game of Chess With Friends . You have , in essence , become a DigiPet -- a presence on his/her phone that s/he keeps just barely alive by typing and texting . Very soon , however , your keeper will likely let you die , because you , like a DigiPet , are annoying and useless . 9  . Conversations in public "  Yeah , I do think you should dump him . Cheating is just really , really unforgivable . Also , I mean , you do n't want to get crabs , right ? Oh ... I 'm sorry , I thought you were looking for my input , seeing as how you 've been sitting next to me at this coffee shop for the last 30 minutes , babbling into your earpiece about STDs . On that note , yeah , I think there 's a cream for that . " 10  . Taking your phone into the bathroom We 're sad that we even need to include this one .	There are lots of ways to commit social faux pas with you 're phone Unless you 're at work , do n't reply to a phone call with a text Do n't be a DigiPet -- a presence on his/her phone that 's just barely alive Your friend/family member is probably much more interesting than that text
CNN  -- Anxiety disorders cost the United States more than $ 42 billion a year , nearly one-third of the total "  economic burden " of mental illness in this country . When I came across this figure recently , I had no doubt that it represented a real and serious problem . I have struggled with anxiety for almost 20 years , and when I look back at all the afternoons I 've spent paralyzed by the disorder -- ruminating over things beyond my control , crippled by concerns , waiting out a panic beneath the covers -- I see months upon months of diminished productivity and income . And yet , at the same time , something in me bristled at the effort to articulate the ravages of anxiety in financial terms . Statistics are useful in coaxing policymakers to spend more on psychiatric research , treatment and  one fervently hopes  prevention . But no running of the numbers will ever reflect the truly tragic burden of anxiety , which plays out not in the realm of work but in the realm of relationships . More than anything else , what anxiety costs sufferers is the ability to love . When I was 21 , and just out of college , I fell in love with a bright and beautiful young woman named Joanna . At the time I was enduring yet another one of my periods of acute anxiety . I was jittery and unfocused , fearful and obsessed ; I could n't sleep ; I could n't eat ; my libido was gone . Meeting Joanna banished these afflictions . Almost overnight , I recovered a sense of confidence , stability , optimism and poise . No therapist or pill had ever done that for me . Love , I concluded , was the best treatment for anxiety known to humankind . Unfortunately , what an anxiety disorder does to love is far more consequential than what love can do to the disorder . Anxiety is a wily , reactive affliction ; it often recedes in response to positive life events . But it seldom recedes for long . Like acne or arthritis , anxiety is always lying in wait , ready to flare back up . My anxiety came back shortly after Joanna moved in with me and when it did it quickly consumed our relationship . The main problem was self-obsession . When people ask me what clinical anxiety feels like , I sometimes refer to "  The Diving Bell and the Butterfly , " the great memoir by the French magazine editor Jean-Dominique Bauby , who , at 44 , suffered a massive stroke leading to "  locked-in syndrome . " Unable to move or speak , Bauby became a prisoner in his own mind . An anxiety sufferer can feel as if he too is imprisoned in his own mind , but with the demonic twist that his mind can think of nothing but itself . Anxious thoughts are radically personal thoughts . Their central concern is what affects you , what threatens you , what you need , you regret , you dread , you fear . Anxiety is a condition of near-total self-absorption , made only worse by the fact that the sufferer typically realizes that he is being self-absorbed and grieves over his sad inability to see past himself . You can see how this state of mind affects relationships by looking at the biographies of well-known anxiety sufferers . An anxious lover tends to toggle between desperate need and strenuous rejection . He or she can never decide whether being in a committed relationship is a source of comfort or humiliation , joy or pain . The most dramatic example I know of this is Franz Kafka , quite possibly the most incompetent lover of all time . Kafka spent five years alternately wooing his unlucky sweetheart and trying to eject her from his life , using all the formidable logic and literary skills he possessed to convince her that he was a "  sick , weak , unsociable , taciturn , gloomy , stiff , almost helpless man " with whom life would be an utter disaster . Kafka ultimately proved his point , and so did I. Over and over again , I pushed Joanna away and pulled her back , drawing her into an abusive four-step dance . First , I would grow increasingly uncertain . "  Was I truly in love with Joanna ? " I would ask myself . How could I be when we did n't appreciate all the same books , the same music , the same movies ? Was it possible that what I called love had been merely infatuation , lust , desire ? Second , torn by my doubts , I would grow withdrawn and sullen , even openly hostile . I would ignore Joanna , make nasty little remarks , put her down in front of her friends . Third , Joanna would start to fight back . Neglected and mistreated , she would respond with anger and sadness . Why was I being so cruel ? What had she done to deserve this ? Fourth , horrified by my behavior , I would try urgently and with great remorse to repair the damage . I 'd buy her flowers , send her cute messages during the day , hang on her every word . Then , after a short respite , the dance would begin again . About a year after Joanna and I moved in together , she finally decided that she 'd had enough , and broke up with me on a subway platform in Boston . At first I was bereft , but in time I have come to see the dissolution of that relationship as the best thing that ever happened to me , for it made clear that anxiety is not merely a threat to one 's mental stability , happiness , or livelihood , it is a threat to one 's humanity . If I did nothing to lessen my anxiety , I realized , I would never become any of the things I wanted to become : a good husband , a good father , a good brother , a good friend . How could I become these things when , in my towering distress , I could pay heed to no one 's existence or needs but my own ? This is the question that first led me to seek out treatment for my anxiety in earnest , and to devote myself to learning how to mitigate the condition , a task to which , more than a decade later , I am still devoted . It also led me to a place where I could try , in good faith , to win Joanna back . This did n't happen immediately , or easily . Joanna and I were apart for nearly three years before our paths crossed again , and at first she was understandably wary of my affections . She knew firsthand the kind of trouble my anxiety caused . "  How do I know you wo n't freak out again ? " she asked . I answered that I likely would -- I doubt that my anxiety will ever go away completely -- but I promised her that I would never again allow my anxiety to infect my love for her as it once had . Joanna and I were married the next year and have been with each other ever since , and all these years I have worked hard to keep my promise . How could I do otherwise ? I know firsthand the cost of failure . It 's incalculable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daniel Smith .	Anxiety disorders cost the United States more than $ 42 billion a year Daniel Smith : No number can ever reflect the truly tragic burden of anxiety He says what anxiety costs sufferers the most is the ability to love Smith : Having lost , regained love , he knows it 's critical to mitigate condition
Rolling Stone  -- When Mtley Cre announced late last year they 'd be taking up temporary residency in Las Vegas at the Hard Rock Hotel 's Joint , it was one of those ideas that seemed so perfect the only question was , "  What took so long ? " This was , after all , a band whose celebration of the rock & roll lifestyle has been immoralized in a book and may still make it to film . So , what better place to lay down roots -- even for just a few weeks -- than in a town nicknamed Sin City ? As they hyped the residency , Cre promised not just the usual exploits but to take the pyro and girls , girls , girls to new levels of excess . When it kicked off this past weekend , the debauchery was no greater than usual -- women on stage several times throughout the show , aerialists and lots of confetti and pyro , but no more craziness than a typical Cre show . After Saturday 's show , drummer Tommy Lee told Rolling Stone the band is still working out the logistics . "  We 're doing production s ** t right up until doors open , f ****** crazy , " Lee said . "  But it 's getting better . It 's gon na be sick in another show or two . " The band has decided to push their creativity and musicality . There were , of course , many of the expected hits , from "  Live Wire , " "  Wild Side " and "  Shout at the Devil " to "  Kickstart My Heart , " "  Dr. Feelgood " and the closing "  Home Sweet Home , " which began with Lee on a piano that descended from the ceiling . Frontman Vince Neil had his own Peter Pan moment , sailing over the crowd during the song . But there were also unexpected moments , including a brief acoustic set in the middle of the show that found them all huddled together in a similar manner to U2 's stripped-down concert interludes . For the Saturday night performance , the Cre turned three songs , starting with "  On With the Show " and wrapping with "  Do n't Go Away Mad  Just Go Away  , " into acoustic numbers . "  Doing the acoustic thing for us is something we 've been wanting to do forever , " Lee said . Another new aspect of the performance was the inclusion of a narrator , Genocide , who worked his way through the crowd and stage , introducing the band members and providing occasional levity between songs . It 's another new feature Lee was excited about . "  Being able to work the room with Genocide , our MC , we 've never done anything like that in an arena , having people pop up here and there , " Lee said . The quartet is using the stay at the Joint to live out some performance fantasies . "  We 're able to place things strategically in the best place in the room , which we would n't really be able to do in arenas , " Lee says . "  Being in one place for a while , we 're able to really figure out how to use this building . It 's been fun , interesting . " The Joint shows run through February 19 , but Lee hopes the band can take lessons from the residency with them on the road . "  Now we kind of know what we 're getting into here . Hopefully this 'll set up something else in a bigger venue , a different place , " he says . "  You just never know . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Tommy Lee told Rolling Stone that Mtley Cre is still working out the logistics of the Vegas residency The band has decided to push their creativity and musicality The Joint shows run through February 19 , but Lee hopes the band can take lessons from the residency
Rock Hill , South Carolina  CNN  A South Carolina judge on Wednesday threw out the convictions of the Friendship Nine , who were jailed in 1961 after a sit-in protest in Rock Hill , South Carolina , during the civil rights movement . "  Today is a victory in race relations in America , " said Bernice King , daughter of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , said in a news conference following the ruling . "  It is a new day . " The prosecutor who pushed for this momentous day , 16th Circuit Solicitor Kevin Brackett of Rock Hill , cited King 's father when explaining to CNN on Tuesday why he was motivated to take up the cause of the Friendship Nine : "  The arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends towards justice . " How Friendship Nine ended up back in court The proceedings began at the Rock Hill Law Center with Municipal Judge Jane Pittman Modla reading from the original court record for each of the men . She asked each of the seven men in attendance -- one has since died , while another had transportation issues -- to stand as their names were called . "  Offense : trespassing . Disposition : guilty . Sentence : $ 100 or 30 days . Condition : sent to the chain gang , " she said for each of them , reading from the 1961 docket . Retired state Supreme Court Justice Ernest Finney , who was the men 's defense attorney in 1961 , entered the motion to have the sentences tossed out . The 83-year-old required help standing and propped himself on the table in front of him as he spoke . "  May it please the court , today I 'm honored and proud to move this honorable court to vacate the conviction of my clients . These courageous and determined South Carolinians have shown by their conduct and their faith that the relief that they seek should be granted . I move for the convictions entered in 1961 to be vacated . " Brackett joked that he would probably be best served letting Finney 's moving argument stand , but he was compelled to say why he agreed with him . One of the reasons is that the Friendship Nine deserved a "  heartfelt apology , " which Brackett delivered on behalf of the state . He went on to say , "  The record is abundantly clear : There 's only one reason these men were arrested . There was only one reason that they were charged and convicted for trespassing , and that is because they were black . This could not happen today . It was wrong then . It was wrong today . These convictions , if they are allowed to stand , would be an offense to justice , and they must be vacated . " Brackett closed by calling the men "  my heroes " and extended his appreciation for their bravery : "  Our community here and our country is a better place because of what y' all did . ... It 's a better place for me , and it 's a better place for my daughter , and for that , I owe you my thanks . " When Circuit Court Judge John C. Hayes III , the nephew of the judge who sentenced these largely unsung civil rights heroes almost 5 1/2 decades ago , announced that the convictions and sentences were officially vacated , the 250 people in the courtroom broke into a 20-second standing ovation . Another 250 spectators looked on in two overflow rooms within the courthouse . Many of those in attendance were old enough to have lived through the civil rights movement . Prior to the proceedings , Rock Hill Mayor Doug Echols told the crowd that the actions of the Friendship Nine that day "  is what courage looks like when good people step forward to lead . " Leaning on a quote from Robert F. Kennedy , who was attorney general at the time of the protests and arrests , Echols said , "  Few of us will have the greatness to be in history , as the Friendship Nine have done , but each of us can work to change a small portion of events within our own actions and , by example , touch the lives of others so that in the total of all of those acts , it will be confirmed and recorded that justice is for all people , and that injustice must not be tolerated in any place at any time . " The men , named after the Rock Hill , South Carolina , college that eight of them attended , were looking to make a statement about the plight of the segregated South . And that 's just what they did . Lunch-counter protests had become the cause clbre the year before , in 1960 , just two hours up the road in Greensboro , North Carolina . African-Americans , many of them students , sought to break the barrier of segregated lunch counters by sitting in "  white-only " sections . On the morning of January 31 , 1961 , just after 11 a.m. , the Friendship Nine arrived at McCrory 's 5-10-25 Cent Variety Store in downtown Rock Hill . They took their seat at the lunch counter and were promptly arrested for trespassing by police who had caught wind of the men 's plan and were already at the store waiting for them . As the lunch-counter sit-ins spread from Greensboro to other parts of the South , protesters were arrested and charged . Civil rights groups had to pay the mounting bails and fines that the protesters were incurring . The men of Friendship College wondered whether paying fines and bail -- to the very people who were oppressing them , no less -- was the best course of action . Rather than pay the $ 100 for their release , the men felt they could make a more profound statement by accepting the full punishment for trespassing : 30 days of hard labor . The strategy , known as "  jail , no bail , " would become a popular strategy in the civil rights movement	Solicitor calls Friendship 9 "  my heroes " and thanks them for bravery 7 of the 9 were in attendance at the hearings , in which charges were formally vacated Friendship Nine chose jail over fine , thereby pioneering the "  jail , no bail " strategy
Almost 70 years after the liberation of Auschwitz , the concentration camp set up by the Germans to exterminate Jewish prisoners , there are still a handful of Nazis who continue to receive U.S. Social Security benefits . The House unanimously passed a bill -- dubbed the "  No Social Security for Nazis Act " -- on Tuesday that would cut off those benefits . Texas Republican Rep. Sam Johnson , a decorated Air Force veteran who was a prisoner of war for seven years during the Vietnam War , was the lead sponsor of the legislation . "  While the number of Nazis receiving Social Security is few , allowing payments to continue is an insult to those who suffered at the hands of the Nazis , " Johnson said . Congress has considered various proposals designed to deny any benefits from Nazis . This latest bill was introduced last month after a recent Associated Press investigation reported that dozens of Nazis who were deported from the United States were still collecting millions of dollars in retirement benefits . Even though these people were stripped of their U.S. citizenship and forced to leave the country a loophole in the law allowed them to continue receiving Social Security checks . Democratic Rep. Carolyn Maloney of New York , who has been a key proponent in changing the law , told CNN that she has asked both the Justice Department and Social Security Administration to find out how much money was paid out and how many were still receiving any social security funds . She estimated there were roughly four individuals who were still eligible for the payments . "  They are dying out , but anybody who gets it is too much . They came to this country under false pretenses , " Maloney told CNN . Suspected Nazi war criminal dies hours before court approves extradition There is a companion bill in the Senate and the sponsors of the House bill are confident that this is one item that both parties in the House and Senate can get to the President 's desk before the lame duck session of wraps up this month . "  If we ca n't agree on this , my goodness what can we agree on ? " Maloney asked .	Congress shows bipartisanship is still alive by rallying around a bill to ban Nazis from receiving U.S. Social Security benefits Democratic Rep. Carolyn Maloney of New York estimates about four individuals are still eligible for payments
CNN  -- A judge , who was suspended after an online video showing him beating his teenage daughter went viral , was reinstated by the Texas Supreme Court this week . Judge William Adams was back working Wednesday at Aransas County after his suspension was lifted by the state 's high court , a court clerk said . The state 's Commission on Judicial Conduct earlier ruled that Adams would receive a public warning for the incident , which cleared the way for the suspension to be lifted . The move to allow the judge back on the bench angered Adams ' former wife and daughter . "  My first feeling is extreme sadness , " said Hallie Adams , the former wife . "  I feel sad for the public . I see the justice system is failing and justice review system is failing . " Hillary Adams , the judge 's daughter , was also upset . "  I 'm embarrassed to live in Texas , " said the girl who was the buzz on the Internet last year after releasing the beating video . Adams was suspended last year after the 2004 video went public . It showed him beating his then-16-year-old daughter because she downloaded online music and games . The beating occurred when her father was punishing her for using the Internet "  to acquire music and games that were unavailable for legal purchase at the time , " Hillary Adams , wrote on the Internet posting . She said she released the video after being harassed by her father . "  It was the straw that broke the camel 's back , " she said last November . "  It was n't any huge happening or anything . " She said she told her father she had the video , "  and he did n't seem to think anything of it , and basically dared me to post it . " The video posting said , "  Judge William Adams is not fit to be anywhere near the law system if he ca n't even exercise fit judgment as a parent himself . Do not allow this man to ever be re-elected again . His ` judgment ' is a giant farce . Signed , Hillary Adams , his daughter . " The 71/2 - minute video is punctuated by cracks of the man 's belt and the girl 's screams and cries . At one point , the man says to his near-hysterical daughter , "  What happened to you , Hillary ? Once you were an obedient , nice little girl . Now you lie , cheat and steal . " At another point , he yells at her , "  You want to put some more computer games on ? You want some more ? " William Adams has acknowledged that the man in the video was him . As a judge , William Adams handles misdemeanor cases , including family-related and juvenile court issues .	The judge is back to work , a clerk says William Adams handles misdemeanor cases Daughter Hillary Adams posted the video in November 2011 It was recorded seven years earlier
CNN  -- OK , I confess . I traveled to Japan carrying with me a number of preconceptions . For many years , my work in journalism and a lifelong passion to see the world have allowed me to explore scores of countries , but I had left Japan far from the top of my list . Big mistake . I did not expect a particularly fascinating place : I had vague images of Tokyo , a giant megalopolis of concrete buildings , of exorbitant prices , with heavy traffic and streams of salarymen in identical outfits filing to work every day . I pictured modern . I pictured not terribly interesting . I could not have been more wrong . Japan , as it turns out , is a captivating country , a kaleidoscope of ancient traditions swirling alongside modern technology . It is a land of creativity , of hip funkiness and conservative beauty , of business efficiency and dizzying fantasy . It is a place that can pamper your senses , often in the most unexpected ways . How did Japan surprise me ? Let me count a few of the ways . Stylish in ways you have never seen Yes , sure , there are men in gray suits . But the eyes have no time to rest on the boring or mundane . The Japanese are fashion-conscious , and many are dazzlingly creative in their personal appearance . A ride in Tokyo 's subway or a walk down any major street will bring you face to face with looks that reveal detailed attention to beauty and a person-as-canvas philosophy . And it 's not just in Tokyo . In Kyoto , for example , the ancient capital , one sees the super-hip youngsters but also the chic girls all done up , literally head to tabi-socked toe in traditional kimonos , walking through the old geisha district of Gion , as if trying to cut through the fog of time and sneak quietly into another era . These are the make-believe geisha , spending a few hours wrapped in the resplendent clothes of the past , meandering the streets alongside real geisha . If all I could do is watch the people go by , that alone would be worth another trip to Japan . Travel Snapshots : Japan Technology meets tradition -- and fantasy There was a time long ago , before everything was made in China , when every piece of technology seemed to come from Japan . Consider that Japan had the superfast bullet train , the Shinkansen , almost half a century ago . Japan is still a technology powerhouse . Brands like Sony , Panasonic , Nintendo and Toshiba sell their inventions around the world and in Japan , where technology and tradition sometimes create their own surreal world . The best place to see this is in the Tokyo district of Akihabara , known also as "  Electric Town . " Akihabara is , on the surface , a maze of electronics stores . You can buy robots , televisions , video games . But there 's much more happening . As you walk down the streets , you notice people wearing baffling costumes . Akihabara has become home to what the Japanese call "  otaku , " people with passionate interests in areas such as technology , role-playing video games and that singularly Japanese art form , manga comics . The neighborhood is home to countless manga stores and is filled with "  costume cafes . " You see girls dressed as French maids and other other fantasy characters . This is the world of "  cosplay "  costume play  , in which people play act characters from the stories they love . It 's a blend of future and past , of technology and fantasy . In other areas , you see the curious Japanese affinity for "  cuteness " kawaii , worthy of a full separate treatise . Not just big buildings and highways Tokyo is big , so big it 's hard to comprehend . The entire metropolitan area , a 35 million-person megalopolis , is the world 's largest . But despite the oceans of humanity , Japanese architecture includes intimate , warm , exquisite buildings and parks that do n't make you feel like an ant about to be crushed . Still , the masses of people are something to behold . And the place to behold them is the world 's busiest pedestrian crossing , outside Tokyo 's Shibuya station , which has deservedly made its way into many films . Besides the gasp-inducing view of thousands of people pouring in all directions when Shibuya 's light changes , it 's astonishing that traffic flows neatly when the light changes again . The Japanese generally follow the rules , and that keeps everything moving . Look at Osaka , or any major city , for evidence that the Japanese have built spectacular high-rises , great highways and a rail network rivaled by few , but they have also created other awe-inspiring structures with a powerful spiritual dimension . Beyond the urban jungle , there are exquisite gardens and temples . About 30 miles from Tokyo , in the old Shogun capital , Kamakura , stands one of the most breathtaking Buddha statues I have seen . The giant Buddha of Kamakura moved a traveler of his day , Rudyard Kipling , to admonish , "  O ye who tread the Narrow Way ... be gentle when the ` heathen ' pray , To Buddha at Kamakura ! " Shinto shrines and Buddhist temples grace the landscape throughout Japan but nowhere in more moving , soothing and restoring fashion than in Kyoto . Like the rest of the country , Kyoto , the capital of Japan for a thousand years , is a city of contrasts . With nearly 1.5 million inhabitants , it is a modern metropolis . But the world has not seen a city quite like this . There are thousands of gabled Shinto shrines and serene Buddhist temples throughout the area . Some are right in the middle of town . And then there 's the enchanting Gion district , with its low-slung wooden buildings and its enigmatic , centuries-old rhythms . In Gion , geisha still ply their often-misconstrued trade . The white-faced geisha , or geiko , as they are called here , are trained in the traditional Japanese arts of music , dance and tea ceremony . Their services are provided to entertain usually powerful men in Gion 's old tea houses , mysterious and alluring behind their delicately latticed door fronts along Gion 's narrow streets . The temples of Kyoto , with their elaborate gardens , languid willows , small lakes and countless red-orange torii gates , came as a soothing , moving surprise , a monument to Japan 's quest for a unique spiritual beauty . But just as you are tempted to think of Kyoto as a remnant of history , of traditional arts and ancient religions , one discovers that Kyoto is also the birthplace of the Nintendo Wii and of cutting-edge novelist Haruki Murakami , as well as home to technology developers and brilliant 21st-century minds . Expensive ? Yes . Affordable ? Yes , that too Among my preconceived notions of Japan , high prices took a crucial place . It was one of the reasons I postponed visiting , though I share Edna St. Vincent Millay 's creed , "  there is n't a train I would n't take , no matter where it 's going . " Japan is expensive . So expensive , at times , I thought my head would explode . As when I saw , for example , a single melon , beautifully positioned in its gift box , selling for $ 150 , alongside boxed grapes , selling for about $ 8 for EACH grape . A taxi from Narita airport into Tokyo can run $ 350 . You can pay $ 500 for a Wagyu steak , and a cup of coffee can set you back $ 8 . But it does n't have to . Forget taxis . Japan has efficient , affordable public transportation . And never mind the fancy restaurants if you want to stay on a budget . A rainbow of beautifully presented , relatively affordable food is available everywhere . Giant department stores , "  Depatos , " have dazzling basements offering every food you can imagine , along with some you never did , from colorful sushi to sweet unagi  eel  to okonomiyaki . And the prices are not bankruptcy-inducing . The cleanest place in the world In Japan , the virtue of cleanliness has spiritual origins . The Japanese place such a value on it that you suddenly discover it affects all aspects of life . Japan may be the last place on Earth where it is common to see women -- and occasionally men -- wearing white gloves . It may also be the first place where people regularly wear surgical masks , giving all of us bare-faced ones a better chance of dodging viruses . And no review of Japan 's virtues would be honest without mentioning Japan 's toilets , a marvel of modern technology and a cause for profound gratitude from travelers . This is no place for a disquisition on Japan 's sanitary technology other than to offer a heartfelt arigato . Thank you . Arigato and bows all around to a country that prizes aesthetic principles , with countless people happy to help a confounded visitor and quick to oblige with preconception-busting , extraordinary surprises at every turn . Have you visited Japan ? What are your favorite memories ? Frida Ghitis is a world affairs columnist for The Miami Herald and World Politics Review . A former CNN producer and correspondent , she is the author of "  The End of Revolution : A Changing World in the Age of Live Television . " Follow her on Twitter : @FridaGColumns	First-time visitor to Japan abandons preconceptions "  I pictured not terribly interesting , " she writes Then , she admits , "  I could not have been more wrong " Style , technology , tradition and fantasy fascinate author
Videos purportedly showing guards abusing prisoners , including one male inmate being raped with a broom handle , have led to arrests and outrage both inside and outside the Eurasian country of Georgia . President Mikheil Saakashvili said Wednesday what occurred at Gldani Number 8 penitentiary in Tbilisi is "  a horrific affront to human rights and human dignity . " Georgia television stations , including TV9 , broadcast the videos Tuesday night . The government has not questioned their authenticity . "  The police have already arrested most of those identified as involved in these gross abuses , " Saakashvili said in a statement . "  Others are on the run but  are  being actively pursued by police . " The faces of those being filmed were obscured . One man cries out while he is being raped with a broom handle . Another video shows an inmate being punched . The country 's interior ministry on Tuesday blamed certain prison employees for the degrading treatment . The ministry said a prisoner at the facility offered "  substantial reimbursement " to employees for their actions and the video recordings . Its statement did not elaborate on the prisoner 's motivation . The interior ministry identified that prisoner as Tamaz Tamazashvili , father-in-law of Irlakli Garibashvili , a member of the opposition Georgian Dream party . Garibashvili said Tamazashvili 's life was in danger and that he was being held "  hostage " by the president . Tamazashvili had nothing to do with the taped incidents , Garibashvili said . Georgia 's minister of corrections and legal assistance , meanwhile , tendered her resignation . "  During my time in the office I tried my best and did everything possible to ensure the protection of human rights and to bring the corrections system , as much as possible , in conformity with the European standards , " Khatuna Kalmakhelidze said in a statement . "  It seems , however , that this effort was not enough , since such facts have taken place . I am very sorry about what happened and it does not matter who orchestrated these events . " Human Rights Watch said Gldani Number 8 has been referred to as one of Georgia 's "  most problematic prison facilities . " "  The abuse captured in this footage is profoundly disturbing , " said Giorgi Gogia , senior Europe and Central Asia researcher for the organization . "  The authorities need to ensure full accountability -- including criminal accountability -- for this abuse and take measures to prevent it from ever happening again . " Read more about Human Rights Watch on CNN Victims of the abuse are entitled to legal remedies , according to Human Rights Watch . "  Sexual assault on a detainee constitutes torture , " Gogia said in a statement . "  The prohibition on torture is absolute , and the government should ensure that the justice is done . " The U.S. Embassy in Georgia said it was shocked and revolted by the images and noted the government 's investigation . "  Abuse of prisoners is a serious issue that needs to be addressed , " the embassy said in a statement issued Wednesday . "  We urge that the government conduct this investigation in a thorough and transparent manner and ensure that all those responsible are brought to justice as soon as possible . "	Politician defends father-in-law Corrections minister submits resignation U.S. Embassy says images shocking Human Rights Watch calls abuse torture
Editor 's note : Joseph E. Stiglitz , professor at Columbia University , was awarded the Nobel Prize in Economics in 2001 for his work on the economics of information and was on the climate change panel that shared the Nobel Peace Prize in 2008 . Stiglitz , a supporter of Barack Obama , was a member and later chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers during the Clinton administration before joining the World Bank as chief economist and senior vice president . He is the co-author with Linda Bilmes of the "  Three Trillion Dollar War : The True Costs of the Iraq Conflict . " Economist Joseph Stiglitz says federal regulators and executives helped create the Wall Street crisis . NEW YORK  CNN  -- Many seem taken aback by the depth and severity of the current financial turmoil . I was among several economists who saw it coming and warned about the risks . There is ample blame to be shared ; but the purpose of parsing out blame is to figure out how to make a recurrence less likely . President Bush famously said , a little while ago , that the problem is simple : Too many houses were built . Yes , but the answer is too simplistic : Why did that happen ? One can say the Fed failed twice , both as a regulator and in the conduct of monetary policy . Its flood of liquidity  money made available to borrow at low interest rates  and lax regulations led to a housing bubble . When the bubble broke , the excessively leveraged loans made on the basis of overvalued assets went sour . For all the new-fangled financial instruments , this was just another one of those financial crises based on excess leverage , or borrowing , and a pyramid scheme . The new "  innovations " simply hid the extent of systemic leverage and made the risks less transparent ; it is these innovations that have made this collapse so much more dramatic than earlier financial crises . But one needs to push further : Why did the Fed fail ? First , key regulators like Alan Greenspan did n't really believe in regulation ; when the excesses of the financial system were noted , they called for self-regulation -- an oxymoron . Second , the macro-economy was in bad shape with the collapse of the tech bubble . The tax cut of 2001 was not designed to stimulate the economy but to give a largesse to the wealthy -- the group that had been doing so well over the last quarter-century . The coup d'grace was the Iraq War , which contributed to soaring oil prices . Money that used to be spent on American goods now got diverted abroad . The Fed took seriously its responsibility to keep the economy going . It did this by replacing the tech bubble with a new bubble , a housing bubble . Household savings plummeted to zero , to the lowest level since the Great Depression . It managed to sustain the economy , but the way it did it was shortsighted : America was living on borrowed money and borrowed time . Finally , at the center of blame must be the financial institutions themselves . They -- and even more their executives -- had incentives that were not well aligned with the needs of our economy and our society . They were amply rewarded , presumably for managing risk and allocating capital , which was supposed to improve the efficiency of the economy so much that it justified their generous compensation . But they misallocated capital ; they mismanaged risk -- they created risk . They did what their incentive structures were designed to do : focusing on short-term profits and encouraging excessive risk-taking . This is not the first crisis in our financial system , not the first time that those who believe in free and unregulated markets have come running to the government for bail-outs . There is a pattern here , one that suggests deep systemic problems -- and a variety of solutions : 1 . We need first to correct incentives for executives , reducing the scope for conflicts of interest and improving shareholder information about dilution in share value as a result of stock options . We should mitigate the incentives for excessive risk-taking and the short-term focus that has so long prevailed , for instance , by requiring bonuses to be paid on the basis of , say , five-year returns , rather than annual returns . 2 . Secondly , we need to create a financial product safety commission , to make sure that products bought and sold by banks , pension funds , etc. are safe for "  human consumption . " Consenting adults should be given great freedom to do whatever they want , but that does not mean they should gamble with other people 's money . Some may worry that this may stifle innovation . But that may be a good thing considering the kind of innovation we had -- attempting to subvert accounting and regulations . What we need is more innovation addressing the needs of ordinary Americans , so they can stay in their homes when economic conditions change . 3 . We need to create a financial systems stability commission to take an overview of the entire financial system , recognizing the interrelations among the various parts , and to prevent the excessive systemic leveraging that we have just experienced . 4 . We need to impose other regulations to improve the safety and soundness of our financial system , such as "  speed bumps " to limit borrowing . Historically , rapid expansion of lending has been responsible for a large fraction of crises and this crisis is no exception . 5 . We need better consumer protection laws , including laws that prevent predatory lending . 6 . We need better competition laws . The financial institutions have been able to prey on consumers through credit cards partly because of the absence of competition . But even more importantly , we should not be in situations where a firm is "  too big to fail . " If it is that big , it should be broken up . These reforms will not guarantee that we will not have another crisis . The ingenuity of those in the financial markets is impressive . Eventually , they will figure out how to circumvent whatever regulations are imposed . But these reforms will make another crisis of this kind less likely , and , should it occur , make it less severe than it otherwise would be . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Joseph Stiglitz : Fed pumped too much money , aiding housing bubble New-fangled instruments hid overuse of borrowing , Stiglitz says Executives followed short-term interests and magnified risks , he says Stiglitz : Widespread changes needed to prevent future crises
The wife of an accused al Qaeda operative captured by U.S. forces told CNN that masked men ambushed her husband when he was on the way home from morning prayers . While U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel called Abu Anas al Libi "  one of the world 's most wanted terrorists , " al Libi 's wife described him a different way in an exclusive interview with CNN on Sunday . Umm Abdul Rahman called al Libi an innocent man , adding that he left al Qaeda in 1996 and had no connection to the twin 1998 bombings at U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania . "  I am sure of what I am saying -- he did not take part in any bombing anywhere in the world , " Rahman said . "  He participated in the jihad in Afghanistan . ... . He was a member of al-Qaeda and he was personal security for  Osama  bin Laden -- that 's true -- but he did not take part in any operation . " Al Libi was among those indicted for the embassy attacks by a federal grand jury in New York , and U.S. officials and terrorism analysts hailed news of his capture . Meanwhile , Libya 's interim government distanced itself from the operation and called the U.S. capture a kidnapping . Rahman told CNN she did n't know who had taken her husband -- only that the raid she watched happen from her Tripoli home happened very quickly . Al Libi was returning to his house at about 6:30 a.m. Saturday  12:30 a.m. ET  when a group of at least 10 men in four vehicles surprised him , his wife told CNN . Some of the men were wearing masks , while others were n't , she said . Those men looked like Libyans to her and they spoke Arabic with Libyan accents , she said . "  What I saw were Libyans . Maybe they had Americans with them , but I did n't see them because there was more than one car . They say there were 10 people involved , but I believe there were more than 10 , " Rahman said . "  I could n't count them because there were many of them . I ca n't confirm if they were Americans or not , but what I saw were Libyans . " Elite team involved in capture On Sunday , a U.S. official said commandos from the elite U.S. Army Delta Force had snatched the 49-year-old al Qaeda operative . Tripoli has requested an explanation from Washington about the raid , the country 's state news agency reported Sunday . The mission was conducted with the knowledge of the Libyan government , said one U.S. official . The Pentagon said the U.S. military was holding al Libi in a "  secure location " outside Libya . A U.S. official told CNN that he was taken to a U.S. Navy warship after his capture . U.S. forces strike in Libya , Somalia , capture al Qaeda operative "  It 's a masterpiece how someone can craft such an operation , " said Libyan counterterrorism analyst Noman Benotman , who is also a former jihadist associate of al Libi . Benotman is president of the Quilliam Foundation , a London-based counterterrorism think tank . He is also a former senior member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , which al Libi joined in the mid-1990s before gravitating back toward al Qaeda . Al Libi had been living in that still unsettled nation , more or less in the open , for more than a year despite his alleged associations . According to Benotman , it is unlikely he was still playing an active role for al Qaeda . His wife agreed , saying he was living a normal life , was not in hiding and had reapplied for a job with the oil ministry . She said he has a severe case of hepatitis C and she worries about his health . Next stop , New York ? Al Libi has been all around the globe -- Afghanistan , Pakistan , Sudan , Kenya , Britain , Iran and beyond -- making friends with some of the world 's most notorious terrorists and enemies with the United States and its allies . On Saturday , his odyssey ended where it began : in his homeland of Libya . His next destination ? He eventually will be taken to New York , a source with knowledge of the capture and proceedings told CNN , though the exact timing is unclear . The Obama administration has activated the High-Value Detainee Interrogation Group to interview him for intelligence purposes while he remains in U.S. military custody , U.S. officials told CNN . The team is led by the FBI and includes CIA and other intelligence agencies . After the interviews are concluded , he would be transferred to civilian custody and brought to New York to face federal charges , the officials said . U.S. authorities have long wanted al Libi to stand trial in an American court to face charges for his alleged role in the U.S. embassy bombings that left well over 200 dead and thousands wounded . Edith Bartley lost both her father , Julian Bartley , and her brother , Julian Jr. , in the attack in Nairobi , Kenya . Her father was the U.S. Embassy 's counsel general ; her 20-year-old brother was an intern there . "  We know that this is a firm signal around the globe that as our government is still wading through a standstill right now , that we are still vigilant as a country and focused on international terror , and we 're not going to step down at all , " Bartley told CNN 's "  New Day Sunday . " Bartley said while she was relieved when Osama bin Laden -- also indicted in the embassy attacks -- was killed in 2011 , she 's also happy that al Libi was taken into custody . "  Certainly , we are very pleased to know that we can have someone who is captured , and for the wealth of information that may be available to our intelligence community and our military personnel , " she said . "  You ca n't put a price on that . " CNN 's Nic Robertson , a veteran of covering al Qaeda , said al Libi 's arrest is a "  huge deal . " "  He 's a big player in al Qaeda  and  in one of the key target areas , in the north of Africa , " he said . "  This is a significant step . " Stops in Afghanistan , Britain , Iran and beyond The FBI 's page on al Libi -- part of its roster of "  Most Wanted Terrorists " and noting the $ 5 million reward being offered for information leading directly to his apprehension -- says that he is accused in a "  conspiracy to kill United States nationals , to murder , to destroy buildings and property of the United States , and to destroy the national defense utilities of the United States . " Born Nazih Abd al Hamid al Ruqhay , al Libi joined al Qaeda soon after its founding , as the terrorist organization built up its presence in Afghanistan and Pakistan . When the group 's late leader Osama bin Laden relocated to Khartoum , Sudan , in 1992 , al Libi went with him . As the 1990s continued , al Libi came to be known as one of al Qaeda 's most capable operatives , especially for his expertise in surveillance and computers . A fellow al Qaeda operative at one point testified that al Libi was in Nairobi in 1993 , allegedly checking out possible targets , including the U.S. Embassy . The blast in Kenya 's capital five years later ended up killing more than 200 people and wounding 5,000 . The Tanzania blast went off nearly simultaneously , leaving 11 people dead . His wife denied that he had any role in any bombing and said that after he returned to Libya in 2011 during the revolution , he had been asking the Libyan government to help him clear his name . She did admit that he had belonged to al Qaeda , but said he was a personal guard for bin Laden until he left the terror group in 1996 . Africa marks 10th anniversary of U.S. embassy bombings Al Libi at one point joined the jihadist Libyan Islamic Fighters Group before moving to Qatar and then Britain , settling in Manchester . It was there , in 2000 , that police raided his home . Authorities uncovered a document that became known as the "  Manchester Manual " -- hundreds of pages of guidance on carrying out a terrorist campaign . Among them : a document that called for "  attacking , blasting and destroying " embassies . But what they did n't find was al Libi , who had left the country before the raid . He is thought to have spent time subsequently in Afghanistan before fleeing to Iran after the fall of the Taliban . Western intelligence sources believe he remained in that country before going home to Libya . After years in native Libya , al Libi in U.S. hands In September 2012 , CNN was first to report that al Libi was alive and well in Libya . Western intelligence had tracked his movements in Tripoli , and had even taken surveillance photos . Western intelligence sources said that there was concern that al Libi was working to establish an al Qaeda network in the North African nation , but no evidence has since materialized that he continued to be involved in terrorist operations after he returned to Libya . So how long had he been home ? In December 2010 , before the outbreak of the unrest that ended with Moammar Gadhafi 's death , Libyan authorities told a United Nations committee that al Libi had returned , even giving a Tripoli address for him . And one Western intelligence source said al Libi appears to have been in Libya in the spring of 2011 , when the civil war was in full swing . Family members told CNN al-Libi returned to Tripoli in 2011 to take part in the revolution against Gadhafi . His wife , four sons and daughter had arrived from Iran the previous year . Al-Libi 's sons and wife say they believed they were under surveillance over the past two years in Libya and expected anything -- even a drone strike . But Saturday 's raid still came as a surprise . "  There was no longer any talk about him in the media , so we felt somewhat reassured . He even stopped taking his weapon or his sons with him or hiring private security -- he was living his life normally , " Rahman said . Counterterrorism analysts told CNN in fall 2012 that al Libi may not have been apprehended at the time because of the delicate security situation in much of Libya , where ex-jihadists -- especially those who once belonged to the Libyan Islamic Fighters Group -- held considerable sway after the campaign against and ultimate ouster of longtime leader Gadhafi . It was not clear for how long , and how much , Libya 's government knew about al Libi 's presence , or whether other governments had approached them to arrest al Libi . The fact that there 's no extradition treaty between Libya and the United States further complicates matters . The fact that al Libi is in U.S. hands , of course , changes everything . In addition to standing trial , al Libi will be questioned about what he knows about al Qaeda and other terrorist organizations . And if he talks , he could offer valuable information on men he worked with inside Libya , as well as al Qaeda generally . "  All his recent years of activation is going to come under very , very close and important scrutiny , " said CNN 's Robertson .	Official : Commandos from the elite U.S. Army Delta Force conducted the raid Abu Anas al Libi 's wife says some of the men in the raid seemed to be Libyans The operation was a "  masterpiece , " Libyan counterterrorism analyst says Al Libi is suspected of playing a part in 2 U.S. embassy bombings in Africa in 1998
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Former "  Survivor " producer Bruce Beresford-Redman , accused of killing his wife , will stay behind bars at least another 12 days when a federal judge will hear his argument for bail . Beresford-Redman was taken into custody by U.S. marshals in Los Angeles on Tuesday afternoon on a warrant from Mexico , the U.S. attorney 's spokesman said . U.S. Magistrate Suzanne Segal set November 29 as the date for his bail hearing , but his defense lawyer acknowledged getting him out while he waits for a decision on his extradition will not be easy . "  We know we have an uphill battle , but we think we have enough evidence to convince a judge to do so , " defense attorney Richard Hirsch said . An "  aggravated homicide " warrant , unsealed Tuesday , accused Beresford-Redman of killing his wife , Monica Beresford-Redman , "  by asphyxiating her " at a Cancun , Mexico , resort on April 5 . Beresford-Redman was arrested without incident at his Rancho Palos Verdes home , officials said . Monica Beresford-Redman 's sister , Jeanne Burgos , was in court when her former brother-in-law was brought before the judge in a Los Angeles federal courtroom . She said it was a sad moment . "  There is just a hope to go where we need to go so justice is served , but really there is no happy ending here , " Burgos said . Beresford-Redman 's lawyer predicted it could take a year before a decision is made by U.S. courts about Mexico 's request for extradition . "  We believe we have sufficient evidence to raise a doubt in the judge 's as to whether our client is responsible for this crime , " Hirsch said . The couple and their two young children were staying at the Moon Palace Resort . Monica Beresford-Redman 's body was found in a resort sewer on April 8 . The initial investigation suggested she "  died of strangulation , because of the bruising , " Mexican regional police spokesman Adrian Cardena said . The extradition request cited as evidence several witness statements , including one from two British teenagers who were in the hotel room below where the Beresford-Redmans were staying . The boys wrote that they were awakened by "  screams , crying for help and extremely loud banging from the room above " at 6 a.m. on April 5 . "  It sounded like a woman in extreme distress " and lasted for 15 minutes , their statement said . The document , which used her maiden name , said the couple "  had been having marital troubles for some time before her murder . " "  The marital problems continued in Cancun , " it said . "  In a conversation from Cancun on April 4 , 2010 , Monica Burgos told her sister , Ferreira Burgos , that she had found evidence that -LSB- Beresford-Redman -RSB- was still in contact with the woman with whom he was having the affair . " Bruce Beresford-Redman was charged with his wife 's slaying in May and an extradition request from Mexico was delivered to the U.S. government in June . The arrest was delayed when his lawyers in Mexico filed an "  amparo " with a federal court in Mexico City , a document arguing there is not probable cause to charge him , a defense lawyer said . Hirsch , in a summer CNN interview , accused the state judge in Mexico of "  a rush to judgment " in charging Beresford-Redman , saying , "  It appears that this case is being handled in a manner outside the normal procedures in Mexico . " The producer was briefly detained by police in Mexico after his wife 's body was found in April . His passport was taken by investigators , and he was told not to leave Mexico until the inquiry was concluded . Beresford-Redman returned home in May , without the knowledge of investigators , to take care of family business and see his children , his lawyer said . He has lived in his Rancho Palos Verdes home with his children since May , although his parents have temporary legal custody of the children , ages 3 and 5 . Bruce Beresford-Redman built his career as a Hollywood reality television show producer . He worked for several seasons on the popular CBS show "  Survivor , " in which contestants compete against each other in a variety of extreme outdoor scenarios . He was nominated for three Emmy Awards as a producer on the show and was last credited as a producer in 2004 . He also worked on NBC 's "  The Contender " and "  The Restaurant , " as well as MTV 's "  Pimp My Ride , " according to entertainment media company IMG . Monica Beresford-Redman , a native of Brazil , owned a restaurant in Los Angeles .	NEW : A bail hearing is set for November 29 for Briuce Beresford-Redman NEW : His lawyer says the extradition process could take a year NEW : "  There is no happy ending here , " victim 's sister says Bruce Beresford-Redman allegedly asphyxiated his wife at a Cancun resort
A Palestinian-American minor has been killed by the Israel Defense Forces , the U.S. State Department said . According to a press release from the State Department , the youth was killed Friday during clashes in Silwad , a town in the West Bank . The official Palestinian news agency WAFA identified him as Orwa Hammad , 14 . The IDF said an "  attack was prevented " when the military fired upon a male hurling a Molotov cocktail on a main road with traffic . The Israeli military declined to comment further on the individual 's identity and health status . "  We call for a speedy and transparent investigation , and will remain closely engaged with the local authorities , who have the lead on this investigation , " said Jen Psaki , spokeswoman for the State Department . Tensions have remained high in the region after the bodies of three Israeli teenagers were found in the West Bank in June . Reprisal attacks , rocket fire and retaliatory airstrikes followed . Seven weeks of heavy fighting ensued , with more than 2,000 Palestinians killed and 67 deaths on the Israeli side . On October 19 , a kindergarten girl died and another was seriously injured after an Israeli settler ran over them -- deliberately , according to the official Palestinian news agency , WAFA -- near a village north of the West Bank city of Ramallah . Israeli police say they are investigating . Then , on Wednesday , a 3-month-old girl was killed and several people wounded when a Palestinian man rammed his car into commuters at a rail stop in Jerusalem . Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld called the incident an apparent "  intentioned event " and terror attack .	Palestinian-American killed during clashes in West Bank , U.S. State Department says Israeli military : An "  attack was prevented " when a male was shot hurling a Molotov cocktail Earlier this week a Palestinian man rammed car into commuters in Jerusalem
CNN  -- Johns Hopkins Health System has agreed to pay $ 190 million to settle the case of a gynecologist who secretly photographed and recorded his patients . The doctor committed suicide after confessing to the clandestine photos and recordings . "  We have come to an agreement that the plaintiffs ' attorneys and Johns Hopkins Health System believe is fair and properly balances the concerns of thousands of plaintiffs with obligations the Health System has to provide ongoing and superior care to the community . "  It is our hope that this settlement -- and findings by law enforcement that images were not shared -- helps those affected achieve a measure of closure , " Johns Hopkins said in a statement Monday . The dollar figure of the settlement was provided by hospital spokeswoman Kim Hoppe . Dr. Nikita Levy was fired in 2013 after 25 years at Johns Hopkins . He was found out after a colleague reported her suspicion that Levy was secretly recording his patients using a pen-like camera , which he wore around his neck . Levy confessed and police searched his house . They found multiple computer servers and computers full of naked patient pictures and videos . As many as 8,000 women and girls were included in the case , according to plaintiffs ' attorney Jonathan Schochor . "  We are hoping this is a major step in putting this all behind us , " he said . Hopkins said insurance would cover the cost of the settlement . "  We assure you that one individual does not define Johns Hopkins . Johns Hopkins is defined by the tens of thousands of employees who come to work determined to provide world-class care for our patients and their families , " the hospital said in its statement . Doctor accused of molesting his patients Doctor sued for ` branding ' patient 's uterus CNN 's Marisa Marcellino and Donovan Long contributed to this report .	NEW : As many as 8,000 women and girls were included in the case Dr. Nikita Levy was fired in 2013 after 25 years at Johns Hopkins Police found computers full of naked patient pictures , videos Levy committed suicide soon after his confession
CNN  -- Arvind Mahankali , a 13-year-old eighth-grader from Bayside Hills , New York , won the Scripps National Spelling Bee on Thursday , correctly spelling the word "  knaidel . " "  It means that I am retiring on a good note , " said Mahankali , who attends Nathaniel Hawthorne Middle School 74 and was in his last year of eligibility . "  I shall spend the summer , maybe the entire day , studying physics . " Mahankali , who wants to become a physicist , had finished third in the two previous national bees , being eliminated after misspelling words with German roots . "  I thought that the German curse had turned into a German blessing , " he said , when asked what he thought when he heard the final word , a German-derived Yiddish word for a type of dumpling . Pranav Sivakumar , a 13-year-old from Tower Lakes , Illinois , finished second . He missed on "  cyanophycean " before Mahankali nailed "  tokonoma " and "  knaidel " for the victory . The annual contest offers the winner a healthy dose of classroom cred , $ 32,500 in cash and savings bonds , a trophy and a library of reference materials . Contest is n't bee-all and end-all Eleven million schoolchildren participated in preliminaries leading up to the national contest this week . Of those , 281 children made the trip to Oxon Hill , Maryland , just outside Washington , for the national bee . Eleven spellers made it through to the finals . Among them were 63 children who had been to at least one national bee before , and had to prepare for some changes in the rules for this year 's events . For the first time , participants had to demonstrate proficiency in vocabulary in addition to spelling . Organizers also added an additional computer test for the semifinals , imposed time limits on computer-based spelling and vocabulary tests and added a rule that resulted in automatic elimination for any participant who misspelled a word on stage in the second or third rounds . CNN 's Athena Jones and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Arvind Mahankali had twice finished in third place Winner correctly spells "  tokonoma " then "  knaidel " Prize package includes $ 32,500 in cash and savings bonds
CNN  -- Globetrotting Chelsea bounced back from their defeat in the FIFA Club World Cup final to Corinthians with a resounding victory in the League Cup at Leeds . Rafael Benitez 's side ran out 5-1 winners at the second tier outfit , having trailed 1-0 at halftime , thanks to goals from Juan Mata , Branislav Ivanovic , Victor Moses , Eden Hazard and Fernando Torres . Having arrived back in London from Japan on Monday after their defeat in FIFA 's showpiece club tournament , Chelsea progressed to the last eight on a rain-soaked night Yorkshire . Luciano Becchio gave Leeds -- European Champions League semifinalists back in 2001 -- a first half lead but Spain 's Mata equalized early in the second half . Two goals in two minutes took the tie away from Leeds as Ivanovic nodded home from a corner before Moses ' shot from outside the area found the net . Hazard finished calmly in the game 's dying stages when sprung through on goal and the Belgian then teed up Torres for his sixth goal in five games . Benitez , who replaced the sacked Roberto Di Matteo in November , told Sky Sports : "  The team was quite good in first half ; there were some situations where the keeper played pretty well . "  The players were a little tired but the reaction was amazing . We were looking for character and the reaction was so good , there were a lot of positives in this game . " Asked whether he felt more settled in the job after a difficult start Benitez replied : "  I was comfortable from the first day . I will try and do my best until the end . " Chelsea will now face Swansea in the final four , while another Premier League side , Aston Villa , will play fourth tier Bradford , who knocked out Arsenal . Elsewhere , champions Borussia Dortmund set up a repeat of last year 's German Cup final against runaway Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich after thumping Hannover 5-1 . German international Mario Gotze scored a hat-trick while Pole Jakub Blaszczykowski grabbed two goals . Dortmund will now face Bayern hoping for a repeat of their 5-2 victory in last season 's final . VfL Bochum , VfB Stuttgart and VfL Wolfsburg are also through to the last eight . In Italy , Napoli were defeated at home by Bologna for the second time in three days as they crashed out of the Italian Cup . It was their first match since being docked two points and having two players banned in a match-fixing scandal . Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani gave Napoli the lead but goals from Cristian Pasquato and Panagiotis Kone have the away side a 2-1 win to go with their their 3-2 success in Serie A on Sunday . Lazio had to rely on penalties to edge past Siena , while Fiorentina triumphed 1-0 away at Udinese .	Chelsea bounce back from Club World Cup final defeat with a win at Leeds Rafael Benitez 's side beat second tier Leeds 5-1 to reach League Cup last four Holders Borussia Dortmund thrash Hannover 5-1 in the German Cup Lazio go through to the last eight of the Coppa Italia but Napoli are knocked out
The body of former NFL linebacker Jovan Belcher was exhumed Friday in order to perform tests on his brain , a lawyer for the player 's family told the Kansas City Star . Attorney Dirk Vandever told the newspaper that Belcher 's family hopes tests will provide a clue as to why the four-year veteran of the Kansas City Chiefs shot his longtime girlfriend to death then killed himself about a year ago . Belcher 's body was exhumed Friday from a cemetery in Long Island , New York , the paper reported . It was not clear where the body was sent for examination . Vandever did n't immediately respond to CNN 's calls for comment Sunday morning . The family wants to know if chronic traumatic encephalopathy , known as CTE , or something else played a role in the murder-suicide , according to the newspaper . CTE is a progressive degenerative brain disease found in some athletes with a history of repetitive brain trauma . The only way to diagnose CTE is after death -- by analyzing brain tissue and finding microscopic clumps of an abnormal protein called tau . Tau has been found in the brains of dozens of former NFL players , including Junior Seau , Dave Duerson , Terry Long and Shane Dronett , who all committed suicide . It was also found in the brain of Mike Webster , who died in 2002 . Suicide latest in a string among former NFL players Dr. Bennet Omalu , the first forensic pathologist to diagnose CTE in NFL players , told CNN time is a factor in the Belcher case . "  There is a reasonable probability that the  brain  tissues would have degenerated , but until you open the body up , you may not know if there would be viable tissue for reasonable analysis , " he wrote in an e-mail to CNN on Sunday . Omalu said there was a 50-50 chance that the study of the brain would yield results after the body had been buried about a year . He said he had performed two such studies himself . "  The exhumation and analysis has to be performed by a forensic pathologist who has the experience and expertise , otherwise it has the potential of coming to naught , " he said . Scientists are working to identify some common symptoms of the brain disease in living players . Experts say athletes with CTE often struggle with memory and decision-making . Some exhibit mood and behavior problems such as depression and hopelessness , or violent , explosive behavior . A few show no symptoms at all . In 2002 , Webster , a Hall of Fame center for the Pittsburgh Steelers , was the first former NFL player to be diagnosed with CTE . After his retirement , Webster suffered from amnesia , dementia , depression and bone and muscle pain . Mother screams as baby cries in released Belcher 911 tapes Other athletes have demonstrated erratic behavior , such as Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman Justin Strzelczyk , 36 , who died in a 2004 high-speed chase . Cincinnati Bengals wide receiver Chris Henry died at age 26 after falling from the bed of a moving pickup during a fight with his fiancee . Issues surrounding brain damage , and other potential long-term cognitive and emotional consequences of repetitive brain trauma , have become a serious concern for the NFL . The league settled a concussion lawsuit for $ 765 million in August . At the heart of the lawsuit were plaintiffs ' allegations that the NFL led a deliberate misinformation campaign -- primarily through its Mild Traumatic Brain Injury Committee -- to deny scientific data being presented in the medical community about concussion risks . The deal calls for the NFL to pay for medical exams , concussion-related compensation , medical research for retired NFL players and their families , and litigation expenses , according to a court document filed in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . The agreement involved more than 4,500 plaintiffs . Belcher -- who was 6-foot-2 and weighed 228 pounds -- played for the Chiefs from 2009 to 2012 , appearing in 59 games . On December 1 , 2012 , the 25-year-old linebacker fatally shot his girlfriend , Kassandra Perkins , in the same home with their 3-month-old daughter before heading to the team 's practice facility , thanking his coaches , and turning his gun on himself . In an November article on Bleacher Report , a friend of Belcher 's said the linebacker played through his physical problems . "  Jovan suffered multiple concussions , " said Kash Kiefer , a former punter at Maine and one of Belcher 's closest friends . "  But in football , you do n't complain . You play . That was Jovan . He played . " Belcher was from West Babylon , New York . He played for the University of Maine Black Bears , where he started in all 45 games of his four-year career . Opinion : Manhood , football and suicide	Jovan Belcher shot his girlfriend and himself in December 2012 The Kansas City Star reports his body was exhumed on Friday Belcher 's family wants his brain to be studied for signs of CTE Experienced pathologist says 50-50 chance examination will reveal results
Mount Fuji , Japan  CNN  -- At the start of a three-month reporting stint in Tokyo , I 'd thought vaguely to myself how I would n't mind climbing Mount Fuji when my assignment was done -- in the way that I 've always vaguely wondered about running a marathon , but never got round to it . Fuji , after all , is a mountain close to the hearts of all Japanese , an icon of this beautiful country ... and front cover of the Lonely Planet , which I had furnished myself with prior to departing Berlin , my regular reporting base . Then when my producer , Yoko , told me that she 'd found coming down Fuji worse than running a marathon , I thought to myself , "  It 'll never happen . " One day on an early morning flight to Nagasaki , Yoko and I flew over Fuji -- the most breathtaking view of the mountain I 've had , and the photo that 's got the most likes I 've ever had on Facebook . Then a month ago I was sent to Seoul and told I would n't be returning to Japan -- my dream of climbing Fuji was relegated to wistful "  it was never meant to be " status . But no . This Saturday I have to be back home in the UK . It was always a hard "  out date " from Asia . And now the chance has arisen . We 'll be accompanying a team from Google as they chart a route to the summit of the 3,776-meter  12,388-feet  . My colleague , Anna Coren , was meant to do this last week but the weather was too bad so the trip was postponed . Cultural gem The Google Street View Trekker team plans to map out a path up to the peak for the first time . Mount Fuji was recently granted UNESCO World Heritage status -- though the U.N. panel classified it as a "  cultural " rather than "  natural " heritage site because it had "  inspired artists and poets and been the object of pilgrimage for centuries . " The plan was to leave the mountain at 6 p.m. local time on Friday and depart on my flight to Europe the following morning . I banked on my frantic last-minute HIIT  high intensity interval training  sessions -- courtesy of my Seoul producer KJ -- to help me deal with my fitness so I could better cope with issues such as altitude sickness . But if 300,000 other people manage to climb Fuji each year , then so could we . Follow Diana on Twitter too Rather than a dose of nature , I readied myself for human traffic jams up towards the peak . It 's a heat-wave in Tokyo , the perfect time to escape . Fuji-San , we 're ready for you ! Perfect conditions The weather was perfect when the party set off . We were treated to some fantastic views as we traversed to 3,000 meters . At this point we had around 700 to go by the afternoon , so everyone prepared to climb into the evening . The only slightly troubling thing was that our companions from Google -- our reason for being here -- seemed to be having a few "  technical problems . " The last thing we heard was that they 'd had to "  reboot " the camera -- which is technically 15 cameras set on top of a green contraption on the back of some poor fellow who has to carry all 18kg up the mountain . Poor Google -- they had to turn back last week because of bad weather . But this would not stop us from finishing the climb . Remarkably our cell phones still worked and I was not feeling the effects of the altitude . We were overtaken by a few Fuji marathon runners who can take the mountain in around 3 hours flat ; that 's at the end of July . It was also nice to have CNN 's long-time friend Hiro Sasso with us . He helped out with our coverage during the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck eastern Japan in 2011 . Sasso is a member of the Japan alpine club and the person to speak to about all things Fuji . He 's climbed it ten times -- he even showed me the route he skied down in May . Not recommended though . If you fall on that ice , he says you 'll need an ice-axe to stop , otherwise you 'll slide to your death . So only for extreme skiers -- his words . I also discovered that Pot Noodles are a Japanese invention . Can this be true ? At any rate if I could remember how they tasted the last  and possibly only  time I ate them , I 'd say they 'd never tasted so good . But as it is , up here at altitude , that salty and shrimpy mixture was nothing short of perfection . Plus in Japan you 're allowed to slurp them , making the experience all the more fun . As we neared the summit , everyone seemed 100 % fit . However , CNN producer Junko started to feel nervous about what was still ahead . She was part of last week 's aborted venture and said her muscle ache only went away yesterday . FOLLOW DIANA 'S CLIMB IN PICTURES ABOVE .	Diana Magnay will join team from Google as they chart a route to Fuji 's summit The expedition marks the end of Magnay 's assignment in Asia July 1 was the start of the climbing season on Japan 's highest and most iconic mountain
CNN  -- David Beckham was sent off just six minutes after coming onto the pitch as three further dismissals and a mass brawl overshadowed Paris Saint-Germain 's 1-0 win over Evian . The former England captain , who joined PSG in January on a five-month deal , was introduced as an 83rd-minute substitute for PSG before being given his marching orders for a lunging challenge on Youssef Adnane . PSG , who are close to securing a first French Ligue 1 title in 19 years following the win , saw Italian midfielder Marco Verratti pick up a second yellow card two minutes before Beckham was brought on . Tempers flared on and off the pitch , with PSG assistant coach Claude Makelele sent to the stands for remonstrating with officials . PSG goalkeeper Salvatore Sirigu and Evian 's Saber Khelifa were given red cards following a mass brawl which broke out on the final whistle . The sending off could be Beckham 's last act in a PSG shirt , with the 37-year-old 's contract set to expire at the end of the current season . "  The referee lacked lucidity , " PSG sporting director Leonardo told French newspaper Le Parisien . "  He made mistakes . The red card shown to Beckham , for example , was really unfair . "  It was always a very tense match . Nobody wanted to lose -- especially not Evian , who are struggling to stay up , " added Leonardo , referring to Evian 's place in the Ligue 1 table , with the club level of points with third from bottom Sochaux . "  I also believe that our team is really tired at the end of the season . " The visitors ' winning goal came in the 50th minute from Argentine Javier Pastore and allows PSG to wrap up the title on Sunday if they record a better result against Valenciennes than second-placed Marseille manage in Saturday 's match with Bastia . Sunday 's red card was n't the first Beckham has received in France . The former Real Madrid and Manchester United star was infamously dismissed for kicking out at Argentina 's Diego Simeone while playing for England at the 1998 World Cup . Beckham was vilified by fans following the red card , with many blaming the midfielder for England 's exit from the tournament . Glenn Hoddle 's team lost the second round match in Saint Etienne on penalties following a 2-2 draw .	David Beckham sent off as Paris Saint-Germain beat Evian 1-0 The veteran midfielder had only been on the pitch six minutes before being dismissed Three other players given their marching orders in an ill-tempered finale PSG can wrap up the French Ligue 1 title this weekend
Beijing , China  CNN  -- Can Lee Kai Fu make innovation work in China ? Lee is the former president of Google in China who left the Internet search giant last Fall just months before the company 's high profile scuffle with the Chinese government over censorship rules and alleged hacker attacks . That furor raised Lee 's international profile , but the 48-year-old is now fully focused on the future , hoping to inject a new spirit of innovation into Chinese business with his investment and incubation company Innovation Works . "  People expect Innovation Works to be magical , " said Lee during an interview with CNN in June at his company 's offices , located just across the street from Google 's China headquarters . "  The great anticipation outside of Innovation Works is both a pressure for us as well as something that excites people . I want to make a plea for people not to expect miracles . " That pressure comes as Lee has a good track record in the West and a reputation , especially among young Chinese , as a business role model . Originally from Taiwan , Lee studied computer science at Columbia University in New York and later earned a doctorate in the same field from Pittsburgh 's Carnegie Mellon University where he was also a lecturer . He then worked for Apple and moved to China in 1998 to head up Microsoft 's Research division in Beijing . In 2005 , he joined Google to lead the company 's operations in China . While Google 's share of the Chinese search market increased from nearly nothing to around 30 percent under Lee 's watch , some questioned his leadership skills and whether his exit was influenced by an early knowledge that Google would announce in January potential plans to close its Chinese operations . "  I do n't think he should be held responsible for the existing circumstances of Google in China , " said Keso , a Beijing-based tech blogger who traveled with Lee to Google 's Mountain View , California , headquarters in 2006 . "  If there 's blame , Google 's choice to enter the Chinese market might have just been a mistake from the very beginning . " Even so , Lee 's legacy with Google is one that remains with him today and wo n't fade anytime soon . However he 's reluctant to talk about his former employer . "  I can never please any audiences with what I have to say -LSB- about Google -RSB- , " Lee told CNN . "  So , I would rather not talk about it . " Instead Lee would rather talk about is his efforts to foster a mentality that values long-term success rather than instant riches and the need to reform a Chinese education system that focuses on rote memorization over individualistic , out-of-the-box thinking . In addition to the four books Lee has authored on such subjects , he also regularly lectures at Chinese universities and has become something of a mentor to many students . "  I have had a certain impact at Microsoft and Google , but the larger impact have been the lectures and the books , " Lee said . "  I do n't think I have been particularly profound , but I think people need guidance and mentorship at a very confusing time . " Lee and his staff offer young Chinese entrepreneurs , engineers and project managers financial support and guidance to help them build companies and launch products for China 's 400 million Internet users and 700 million mobile subscribers . Since Innovation Works was launched , it has received 100,000 resumes , reviewed 500 business plans and amassed around $ 115 million in funds from investors , Lee said . Today , it has 200 staff members and is incubating 12 start-ups , five of which Lee unveiled to journalists earlier this week during a tour of a new office space the investment company will move into later this month . He also unveiled five of the companies Innovation Works are supporting and the products they are developing for the Chinese market . The projects , heavily focused towards mobile Internet , e-commerce and cloud computing , included an Android operating system called Tapas with features tailored for Chinese handset users . "  An early stage entrepreneur who wants to build up companies will face a lot of trouble in China , " Lee told reporters . "  It is not as good as it seems . Even though you hear a lot about the start-up world being wonderful , they face a lot of trouble . " Some investors question whether Lee , who has never been an entrepreneur himself , has what it takes to help new companies succeed . "  A common perception is he is Google and he is a professional manager and pretty much has been his entire life and never really run a start-up before and never done investing before , " said an investor who declined to be identified due to his firm 's interest the companies Innovation Works is incubating . "  It is going to be tough for him . " Others are concerned the start-ups Lee is coaching may not be able to survive in the harsh business climate of China where many deals are won under-the-table and profits are sometimes earned in down-and-dirty ways . "  I do n't think they can take the low ground because they have the burden to always be taking the higher ground , " said another investor who also declined to be identified . "  Most businesses in China make money doing business in gray areas or crossing lines . -LSB- Innovation Works -RSB- will always have to take the higher ground , which means they may never be making as much money as competitors . "  I think it will be innovation at work , which is not Innovation Works . But we have to give Lee the benefit of the doubt . " Yet for Lee , the benefits he says Incubation Works is imparting to young entrepreneurs is far more important than the doubts anyone may have about him , the company and the success it may or may not have beyond its offices here in Beijing . "  Even if our result is not brilliant , or it is not changing the world , I am very certain the people who come out of here will be better people because of what we have done , " he said . "  I do think in the end it is the result that will tell the story . "	Former boss of Google in China has new business called Innovation Works Aims to support technology start-ups in China and foster innovative culture Opinion is divided over Lee 's ability to bring success to young companies Lee formerly worked for Apple and Microsoft ; viewed positively among young in China
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A judge Thursday dismissed felony sexual assault charges against a Roman Catholic priest arrested in July on allegations of sexually abusing a 10-year-old boy in 1997 . At Thursday 's preliminary hearing , Philadelphia Municipal Court Judge Karen Yvette Simmons dismissed felony involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and sexual assault charges against Andrew McCormick , 56 . Simmons still remanded the case for trial on the misdemeanor charges of indecent assault , corrupting the morals of a minor and endangering the welfare of a child , according to the Philadelphia district attorney 's office . The district attorney 's office will re-file the felony charges against McCormick as well as file an appeal to determine if the felony charges should have been properly held for court based on the alleged victim 's testimony . "  The Commonwealth is very confident that all the felony charges will be reinstated and McCormick will then be sent to trial in the Court of Common Pleas on all charges , " Tasha Jamerson , district attorney spokeswoman said in a statement . McCormick befriended the former altar boy , now 25 , while he was a pastor St. John Cantius Church in Bridesburg , Pennsylvania , District Attorney Seth Williams said in July following his arrest . The man alleged that the abuse occurred in the church rectory and involved one incident of "  sexual contact . " The alleged victim testified Thursday that the sexual activity occurred when he was 10 years old , according to the district attorney 's office . "  It was a huge win today , " said defense attorney William J. Brennan . "  I believe his  complaining witness  motives are suspect . Father McCormick has overwhelming support from the community . He 's innocent until proven guilty . " Barbara Blaine , president of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests , expressed disappointment that the felony charges were dropped . "  It 's tempting to be complacent , do nothing , and assume that McCormick will get convicted on the remaining charges . But that 's irresponsible . We must all do all that we can to protect kids . Every single victim , witnesses an whistleblower must summon the strength and step forward so that predators will be kept from children , " Blaine said in a statement . Ordained in 1982 , McCormick was one 21 priests placed on administrative leave by the Archdiocese of Philadelphia in March of 2011 in response to a grand jury report . McCormick 's most recent post was Sacred Heart Parish in Swedesburg , Pennsylvania , from 2004 to 2011 . As a result of the administrative leave , McCormick has not been permitted to exercise his public ministry , administer any of the sacraments , or present himself publicly as a priest , according to the Archdiocese of Philadelphia . McCormick was arrested after he was taken into custody outside of Philadelphia , where he was living with his parents . He was released on $ 150,000 bail . The court took away his passport and he is not allowed contact with the alleged victim , or with children or youth involved with the ministry , volunteer work or any charities , according to the district attorney 's office . In December of 2011 , the complainant reported the alleged incident to the police department 's Special Victims Unit after seeing news coverage of the sexual abuse scandals at Penn State and the Archdiocese of Philadelphia , said Police Capt. John Darby of the Special Victims Unit . McCormick 's arrest in July came in the wake of the landmark priest sexual abuse trial in Philadelphia , the result of a 2011 grand jury report that led to criminal charges against three Philadelphia priests and a parochial school teacher for allegedly raping and assaulting boys in their care , and charges against Monsignor William Lynn who was accused of allowing the priests to have access to children . Lynn , 61 , was convicted in June of one count of child endangerment , a third-degree felony , the first time a U.S. church leader has been convicted on such a charge . He was given just under the maximum sentence he faced , which was three-and-a-half to seven years in prison . The same jury that convicted Lynn was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant , the Rev. James Brennan , who was accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-old . The trial marked the first time U.S. prosecutors have charged not just the priests who allegedly committed abuses , but also church leaders for failing to stop them . Lynn is the highest-ranking cleric accused of covering up allegations of molestation and rape against priests by transferring them to unwitting parishes . Last month , the Philadelphia district attorney 's office announced it would retry Brennan . Defense attorney William J. Brennan , no relation , also represents Rev. Brennan . "  Enough is enough , " Brennan said of the dropped charges and the district attorney 's decision to retry the case against the reverend . "  It 's time to pack it in . " Defrocked priest Edward Avery was due to also go on trial with Brennan and Lynn , but pleaded guilty in March to involuntary sexual deviate sexual intercourse after admitting to sexually assaulting the 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-1999 school year . The victim , who testified in April , also alleges abuse by the Rev. Charles Engelhardt , who was a priest at the same parish , as well as by Bernard Shero , a teacher at the school . Engelhardt and Shero go on trial in September .	Judge dismisses charges against Andrew McCormick , 56 McCormick charged with involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and sexual assault Alleged victim was 10-year-old boy in 1997
Curtis Reeves and the widow of the man he killed inside a movie theater both shed tears Wednesday inside a Florida courtroom , as lawyers for both sides called witnesses to support their arguments on whether the 71-year-old gunman should get bail . Along with such raw emotion , the Dade City hearing was flush with vivid details from witnesses about what happened early in the afternoon of January 13 inside a theater in the Tampa suburb of Wesley Chapel . They recounted how , after Reeves told management about Chad Oulson texting during previews , the men exchanged words . Oulson then allegedly tossed his bag of popcorn at Reeves , who fired a single , fatal gunshot moments later . He 's been jailed ever since , without bail , on a second-degree murder charge . Wednesday 's testimony and the cross-examinations were so extensive that the day ended without a decision from Judge Pat Siracusa . Instead , the hearing will resume at 10 a.m. Friday with testimony from more prosecution witnesses and the playing of surveillance video and audio . Several people testified Wednesday as character witnesses for Reeves . The most powerful of them was his daughter , Jennifer Shaw . No threats before shooting , widow says In addition to discussing her father 's financial holdings -- including a house valued at $ 186,000 as well as $ 22,000 in bank accounts -- Shaw spoke of how her father had always been involved and supportive . That includes helping with her 2-year-old daughter and after she moved in with her parents after splitting from her husband . Shaw said she did n't recall her father -- who became visibly emotional with his daughter on the stand -- getting angry with strangers , said his temperament has n't changed in recent years and insisted that he does n't pose a danger to the community . And after being asked whether she had any doubt her father would show up for court if he received bail , Shaw answered unequivocally : "  No doubt at all . " Shaw said she 'd long "  assumed " that her father , a Navy veteran and retired police officer with a concealed weapons permit , carried a gun with him at all times . But should he come to the family 's Brooksville home , there would be no guns around : Shaw testified that all firearms and ammunition in that house were removed the day after the theater shooting . The prosecution then began presenting its own slate of witnesses , starting with 68-year-old Charles Cummings . He sat a few seats down from Oulson that January day in the row in front of Reeves . During the previews , Cummings said he heard Reeves and Oulson talking , and at one point , the latter said , "  I 'm just texting my 2-year-old daughter . " Soon after that , a "  very agitated " Reeves left the theater then returned a few minutes later and again addressed Oulson . Moviegoers recounted what happened next . Widow : ` My whole world just got shattered ' Mark Douglas Turner -- who spent 27 years in the Air Force , including time as a clandestine officer who worked in China -- recalled a relatively calm Oulson saying , "  Do you mind , I 've got a voice mail from my daughter 's babysitter ? Do you mind I check to see if my daughter 's alright ? " The atmosphere changed considerably soon after that . While witnesses did not recount what Reeves said , Cummings said that , whatever it was , "  I felt Oulson had enough . " Alan Hamilton , a corporal with the Sumter County sheriff 's office who was taking in a movie with his wife , said he heard Oulson saying , at one point , "  I am trying to text my f**king daughter , if you do n't mind " -- using graphic language that Reeves ' lawyer said suggested Oulson was angry and threatening . The popcorn flew in Reeves ' direction soon thereafter . "  And almost immediately , " recalled Turner , who said Oulson threw the bag , "  the gun comes out and there are shots fired . " Oulson then stumbled and said , "  I ca n't believe he shot me , " before falling on Cummings ' son , the witness recalled . A nurse who also happened to be in theater then testified -- as Oulson 's widow , Nicole , wiped away tears -- about unsuccessful efforts to save his life . According to Turner , Reeves said , "  Throw popcorn in my face . " Couple describes encounter with Reeves Hamilton said that right after the shooting , he acted quickly to take the gun from Reeves -- who was sitting , as he 'd been during the shooting -- and subdue him . Before more authorities arrived , Reeves ' wife told her husband "  that was no cause to shoot anyone , " according to Hamilton , the law enforcement officer who was then off-duty . Reeves responded by pointing his finger at her and saying , according to Hamilton , "  You shut your f**king mouth and do n't say another word . " The off-duty corporal said that at one point , Reeves pushed back his glasses and said out loud , "  Holy f**k , what have I done ? " Defense attorney Richard Escobar challenged each of these prosecution witnesses . For some , he said their recollections may be cloudy due to witnesses ' vantage points , eyesight or the theater 's dim lighting . Escobar also sought to portray the larger , younger Oulson as imposing compared to Reeves . His client , Reeves , remains behind bars pending the outcome of this hearing .	Witness : Oulson asked to text his daughter 's babysitter , then got upset Reeves fired 1 shot after popcorn flew , then cursed at his wife , witness says Witness : As he was being subdued , Reeves said , "  What have I done ? " The bail hearing will resume Friday morning , according to the judge
CNN  -- The garden is overflowing with weeds and trash is riotously strewn across the lower floors . Upstairs , a makeshift curtain dangles by a string while an assortment of shelves and cupboards clutter the untidy space below . Not quite what you 'd expect from a $ 1.1 million  # 650,000  property -- but that 's the price sought by the overseas owners of a house in London that until recently was the domain of illegal squatters . The three-bedroom home came on to the market in the Peckham area of the British capital last week and is described by estate agents as "  spacious " and an "  exciting opportunity " for potential buyers despite the obvious need for "  modernization . " Clearly , the owners are hoping to cash in on the city 's red-hot property sector . But $ 1.1 million ? "  Peckham as an area has witnessed a phenomenal uplift with property prices almost doubling in certain regions of the area , " said Jason Morris , managing director of JT Clarke London , the estate agents in charge of selling the house when contacted by CNN . "  For example in November 2012 , our company sold a three bedroom period mid-terraced , in need of some modernization but nothing too major , for # 350,000 . " "  Properties on that same street with an identical footprint are now currently on the market and achieving prices in the region of # 650,000  $ 1.1 million  . This is not an isolated case but can be seen to be true of most properties within the locality regardless of style and size . " It 's not just Peckham feeling the heat . Property prices in London increased by an average of 18.5 % year on year in May according to the UK Land Registry , their fastest annual rise in 11 years . This stands in comparison to a rise of 6.5 % across the rest of the UK , leading some experts to conclude that the capital 's property market is overheating . Relatively low numbers of affordable new homes being built , generous government lending schemes designed to make deposits more affordable for first-time buyers and an influx of foreign investors plowing vast amounts into London 's most salubrious districts have all played their part in the booming prices . While Peckham is n't traditionally one of the city 's most exclusive neighborhoods , its favorable location , good transport links as well as its up-and-coming vibe has ensured its status as a desirable spot . Morris still believes there 's more to come from the area given the underlying market conditions and high-demand for property -- although he cautions that other parts of London may soon start to cool off . "  Although prices have gone up in general , this is the one part of Peckham that has not yet peaked , " he said . Even still , Morris acknowledged that it is highly unusual for owners to put their property on the market in such an unkempt manner . "  I would never advocate that any vendor puts their property on the market in such a condition unless they are open to offers that reflect the state and cost of remedial works , " he said . "  But  such is the strength of the market at the moment that there are many who will still purchase the property as is , demonstrating that property  and especially in London  is still the number one choice for many not only as a home but also as a sure investment . "	London property recently lived in by squatters on market for $ 1.1 million Pictures show three-bedroom home in state of disrepair Estate agents says prices in area could yet increase further
CNN  -- There is something magical about animal migrations . Perhaps it 's the fact that as more of us move to cities  The U.N. predicts that nearly 70 % of the global population will be urban dwellers by 2050  , the sight of congregating herds , schools of fish , or flocks of birds is increasingly rare . Or maybe witnessing animals cross great distances to eat , mate , breed and , in essence , survive helps us to take stock of our own lives . Whatever the reason , when animals come together , very often so do humans . Here 's our guide to the animal migrations that bring people out in flocks . Butterfly kingdom Residents of Pacific Grove , California , take their butterflies very seriously . The area offers a warm micro-climate that attracts 20,000 monarch butterflies who travel up to 2,000 miles to winter in the region . In fact , the annual phenomenon has earned Pacific Grove the nickname "  butterfly town " . "  I always hear that the monarchs are coming before I ever see one . I get emails saying , ' I saw my first monarch of the season ! ' Everyone wants to be the one to herald their return , " says Lori Mannel , executive director of the Pacific Grove Museum of Natural History . The season sees an influx of tourists as well . During the winter months , nearly 100,000 visitors come to witness the spectacle . The last few years has seen a drastic decline in their population , a fact some credit with the degradation of milk weed -- the only flora monarchs can lay their eggs on . To help restore the population , many locals have started replanting the stuff , while the local government has instilled a $ 1,000 fine for disturbing a monarch . Where : California When : October - February Read more : World 's weirdest food festivals Run , sardine , run The east coast of southern Africa bears witness to one of the greatest migrations of all time : the sardine run . From May through July , millions of sardines spawn in the Agulhad Bank and make their way north up the coast . The migration also attracts predators , both of the human and animal variety . Each year , thousands of locals and tourists perch with massive fishing nets to catch the unwitting fish . Joining their ranks are sharks , dolphins and gannets , who also hover nearby in the hopes of snagging an easy dinner . Where : South Africa When : May - July Sign of the wildebeest While tourism is n't always a welcome phenomenon for environmentalists , there are some instances where conservation efforts are abetted by traveler interest . In the Serengeti , for instance , the tens of thousands of visitors that stream in July and August for the Great Migration  so called for the millions of wildebeests that trek from Tanzania to Kenya  actually help to ensure funding goes to conservation . "  You could argue that tourism is one of the major reasons this huge ecosystem still exists today , " says Craig Sholley , the vice president of philanthropy and marketing at the African Wildlife Foundation . At the peak of the migration , the banks of the Grumeti River are lined with hundreds of vehicles packed with environmental voyeurs all eager to glimpse the beasts make the life-threatening swim across the currents . Where : Tanzania and Kenya When : July - August Read more : World 's weirdest food festivals Crab season Christmas Island is perhaps best known for the swarm of red crabs that pour onto the roads and beaches every winter . "  It looks like someone came along and planted all these crabs overnight , " explains Linda Cash , the marketing manager at Christmas Island Tourism . When the crabs come out , the atmosphere becomes positively festive , notes Cash . The roads are closed to protect the journeying numbers , and the park builds special bridges to help them cross safely . "  People come down at night with their rakes , move the crabs off the road and share a beer , " she says . Where : Christmas Island When : October - November A whale of a time As it happens , humpback whales are a species constantly on the move . This is good news for tourists , who have a plethora of choice for where and when they 'd like to engage in whale watching activities . In the summer months , Colombia 's Pacific Coast becomes a hotbed for roughly 3,000 of the journeying mammals , who use the warm waters as their mating grounds . Australia makes another popular spot to glimpse the majestic creatures , who hug the coast from July onwards . The whales can travel over 5,000 miles , and often , savvy businesses set up cruises and watch towers to help visitors get a peek . Where : Colombia and Australia When : July - October  Colombia  , June - November  Australia	Animals migrate to breed , feed , mate , and various other essentials to survival . Sometimes , migrations attract predators , as with the sardine run in South Africa . Some communities , like in Pacific Grove , California , impose fines on anyone disrupting the local fauna . Locals on Christmas Island kickback with a beer during the annual crab migration .
New York  CNN  -- A Hofstra University student who died during a confrontation between a home invasion suspect and authorities was killed by police gunfire , a Nassau County , New York , police spokeswoman said Saturday . Police fired eight shots at the intruder , who authorities say was holding a gun to the head of Andrea Rebello , 21 , during a home invasion robbery Friday at an off-campus house in Uniondale . One of the shots hit Rebello in the head , killing her , police spokeswoman Maureen Roach said . Also killed was the intruder , whom authorities identified as Dalton Smith , 30 , of Hempstead . He was struck seven times . Authorities say Smith was wearing a mask . He invaded the home Rebello shared with her twin sister and two others during the predawn hours on Friday . At some point , a female roommate of the twins was able to leave the home and call police , a police spokesman told CNN on Friday . When a police officer arrived , Smith was holding a gun to Rebello 's head , Roach said . He told the officer he was going to kill Rebello , and then turned the handgun toward the officer , she said . The officer , fearing for his life , drew his gun and fired , Roach said . Authorities have not identified the officer . At the time of the shooting , Smith was wanted for jumping parole , police said . He was on parole for first-degree robbery and had an "  extensive " arrest history that includes robbery , assault , and promoting prison contraband , said police in Nassau County . A warrant for his arrest was issued April 25 for allegedly absconding from parole , police said Rebello 's high school principal , Carol Conklin-Spillane , said the twins ' home community in Westchester , New York , was heartbroken . She described Rebello as a fun-loving , personable and self-aware young woman . Her parents , Fernando and Nella Rebello , are closely tied to the Portuguese community , and always worked to create opportunities for their children , Conklin-Spillane said . Rebello , a junior , was majoring in public relations . Hofstra University said it is offering counseling to students . "  Our hearts and minds and our thoughts and prayers are with her family , her friends and her classmates , " the university said in a statement . A funeral mass is planned for Wednesday . Friendly fire led to officer 's shooting during Boston manhunt Police : All Empire State Shooting victims were wounded by officers CNN 's Michael Martinez , Brittany Brady and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Student Andrea Rebello was killed by police gunfire , police say New York home invasion suspect killed in shootout was Dalton Smith , 30 He was on parole for first-degree robbery , Nassau County police say But he was wanted for absconding from parole since April 25 , police say
CNN  -- A new strain of avian flu that jumped from birds to mammals is responsible for the death of more than 160 seals off the New England coast last year , scientists announced Tuesday . The virus could theoretically pose a threat to human health , they said . Harbor seals -- most of them babies less than 6 months old -- began appearing with severe pneumonia and skin lesions in September of last year , the researchers said . Over the next few months , at least 162 dead seals were recovered along the coast from Maine to Massachusetts , they said . Mutant bird flu would be airborne , scientists say Testing pointed at a new strain of the H3N8 flu virus being called seal H3N8 . "  When initial tests revealed an avian influenza virus , we asked the obvious question : How did this virus jump from birds to seals ? " lead researcher Simon Anthony of Columbia University said . The virus developed the ability to attack mammalian respiratory tracts , scientists learned . It may also have developed enhanced virulence and transmission in mammals , they said , but they need to do more tests to be sure . Avian flu has spread to humans before , most notably H1N1 and H5N1 , so the new strain could pose a threat to public health , scientists warned . "  HIV/AIDS , SARS , West Nile , Nipah and influenza are all examples of emerging infectious diseases that originated in animals , " said W. Ian Lipkin , director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia University . "  Any outbreak of disease in domestic animals or wildlife , while an immediate threat to wildlife conservation , must also be considered potentially hazardous to humans , " he said . The research is published in the journal mBio . It was carried out by scientists from the Center for Infection & Immunity at Columbia University 's Mailman School of Public Health , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , New England Aquarium , the USGS National Wildlife Health Center , SeaWorld and EcoHealth Alliance . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	A new strain of avian flu has mutated and is killing baby seals , scientists say More than 160 dead seals washed up on the New England coast last year The new virus could theoretically be a threat to human health , scientists say
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Twelve-year-old Mohammed Rasoul , his right leg severed below the knee , maneuvers on crutches over the dirt and loose stones through the Falluja graveyard . Mohammed Rasoul sitting with his mother , Jinan Khalifa , eagerly awaits his trip to the United States . Row after row of headstones stand as the deadly reminder of the tragedy the city went through as insurgents battled for control of the city . Mohammed stops at his cousin 's grave . "  I feel an ache when I think of her . Every time I remember her , I cry , " he told CNN at a visit to the grave a few months ago . As he spoke , he poured water on a tree he planted next to it . The headstone reads : "  Martyr 643 , the child Hajer Ismael Khalil , 13 October 2006 . " Clutching her photograph , Mohammed says , "  My cousin died on the scene . I still remember her screams . " The same explosion cost him his leg and his childhood . "  A car came out of nowhere . My cousin was playing with her friend , " he says . "  I remember -LSB- the car -RSB- was green . It detonated . " Watch Mohammed tell his story " His mother , Jinan Khalifa , remembers that day all too well . She was in the kitchen when she heard a deafening explosion . "  There was shattered glass from the windows falling all over us . I went outside and saw my son covered in blood from head to toe , " she says . Her son endured 11 operations before doctors amputated his leg below the knee . Khalifa says her son put forward a tough face , but when he finally went back home the shock hit him . "  That 's where his personality started to change . He stopped laughing , " she says . "  It was tearing me up , " Mohammed says "  It was hard for me to watch others play . And I could n't , I could n't walk , it agitated me . " CNN first broadcast his story in May where it caught the attention of an American charity , the Global Medical Relief Fund , which offered to help . "  I can not put my feelings into words , " Khalifa says . "  An entire book would not be enough . They gave my son his hope back . The America we knew was one that came , bombed , harmed . But when this organization came forward , we saw another face of America . " The Global Medical Relief Fund , a small charity based in New York that helps children of war and natural disasters , has arranged for surgery and treatment at the Shriners Children Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Elissa Montanti , the founder and director of the organization , says she was inspired to act when she first heard of Mohammed 's tragic story . "  I said , ` Oh , please , let me help this boy . ' " Mohammed will arrive in the United States on Thursday afternoon . He will be fitted for a prosthetic leg in coming weeks and examined to see if he needs additional surgery . Montanti said her organization has a list of other young Iraqi children in need of help . "  The word needs to get out . " Asked how it makes her feel to help Mohammed , she says , "  It makes me cry with joy . " Mohammed , too , is ecstatic . "  I did n't think this act of human kindness would be presented to me , " he says . "  I did n't have hope in Iraq -- hope that I would ever get my hope back . I did n't have a future . " He adds , "  I want to go to America and meet this person that gave me my future back . " When he comes back home , he wants to help rebuild Falluja , starting with his school , which was bombed during the 2004 Falluja offensive . "  I will never leave school and , God willing , I will continue my education and become an architect and build all the schools , " he says , standing on his crutches . But first , he says , he wants to walk to water the tree he planted next to his cousin 's grave . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report from Atlanta .	Boy , 12 , lost leg to car bombing in Iraq ; cousin was killed by blast He is now heading to the United States to get a prosthetic leg Boy : "  I want to ... meet this person that gave me my future back " Charity director says helping the boy makes her "  cry with joy "
CNN  -- European champions Bayern Munich opened their Bundesliga title defense with a comfortable 3-1 victory over Borussia Moenchengladbach in the Allianz Arena Friday . It was very much business as usual for Bayern in their first league match under new coach Pep Guardiola once Arjen Robben had given them an early lead . Just like in May 's Champions League final win over arch-rivals Borussia Dortmund , it was Franck Ribery who set up Robben for the first goal , the Dutchman chipping goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen . The 12th minute strike was the first of the German campaign and was quickly followed by a Mario Mandzukic goal . Tony Kroos hit the woodwork as Bayern looked to move out of sight , but Brazilian defender Dante 's own goal gave the visitors a lifeline just before the break . Bayern were awarded two penalties in quick succession in the second half , both for handball against Alvaro Dominguez . Ter Stegen kept out Thomas Muller 's first effort to keep his side a single goal adrift , but when a second spot kick was awarded almost straight away , he could not repeat the trick from David Alaba 's 69th minute effort . Bayern won the title by a record 25 points last season on the way to a treble as they added the Champions League and German Cup in Jupp Heynckes ' final season in charge . Fomer Barcelona boss Guardiola took over in the summer and his first competitive match saw defeat to Dortmund in the German Super Cup , but a German Cup victory and three points in their league opener have followed . In France , the Ligue 1 campaign also began with the champions Paris St Germain in action at Montpellier . They trailed to a 10th minute goal from French midfielder Remy Cabella , but Maxwell earned them a point with the equalizer on the hour mark . Under new manager Laurent Blanc after the departure of Carlo Ancelotti to Real Madrid and with icon David Beckham retired , PSG still kept new signing Edinson Cavani on the bench from the start in the Stade de la Mosson . Cabella scored with a fierce shot after robbing PSG star striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to give the home side the early advantage . Ibrahimovic nearly made amends but his effort was parried away by Geoffrey Jourdren in the home goal . Brazilian Maxwell grabbed a share of the points as he netted after an Ibrahimovic assist . Montpellier 's Moroccan defender Abdelhamid El Kaoutari was red carded with 18 minutes left but the home side held out . "  We expected a better result , " Blanc told AFP . "  But we created too little for my taste and made too many mistakes which allowed Montpellier to score . " Big spending Monaco open their campaign Saturday at Bordeaux , a former club of Blanc , who led them to the title in 2009 .	Bayern Munich win season opener in Bundesliga title defense Bayern beat Borussia Moenchengladbach 3-1 in Allianz Arena Arjen Robben scores opening goal of the German campaign Paris St Germain held 1-1 at Montpellier in French season opener
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- Fifteen girls at Oprah Winfrey 's South African leadership academy blew open the abuse scandal that the talk show host says shook her to her very core . Oprah Winfrey tells a Monday news conference how she found out about abuse charges and what she did . Winfrey , on Monday , praised the teens who chose to approach the school 's CEO in an environment that the millionaire described as fearful and encouraging silence . "  They represent , those 15 girls , the new generation of youth in South Africa who fearlessly take back their voices to speak up about their concern for their fellow classmates , " she said , speaking to a news conference in Johannesburg by satellite hookup from Chicago . The woman arrested in the case , Tiny Virginia Makopo , 27 , was formally charged Monday with 13 counts of abusing and assaulting students at the school . She pleaded not guilty and was released on bail . Winfrey said police in South Africa had asked her not to speak about the case publicly until an arrest was made , and she was now free to discuss the details . Winfrey -- who has spoken publicly about the abuse she suffered as a child -- said she first heard that there was a problem from the school 's CEO , John Samuel , on October 6 . Watch how Winfrey heard about the abuse and what she did " "  Mr. Samuel informed me that 15 girls had come to his office to see him with a list of grievances , including suspected sexual abuse of one of their classmates by a dorm matron , " she said . School authorities removed Makopo from the campus and notified police , Winfrey said , and set up an independent team of investigators "  because my experience with child predators is that no one ever , ever abuses just one child . " The remaining dorm matrons were removed because students were afraid of "  repercussions , " Winfrey said , and teachers were assigned to oversee the dorms . She said students cheered and cried for joy when they heard about the change . "  I told them that although they had apparently been living in an atmosphere that repressed their voices , that this was a chance for them to break the silence and to take their voices back , " she said . As the investigation developed , five other girls stepped forward to say they had been victims , and new facts emerged about the student whose case had inspired the complaints by the group of 15 . The girl had left the school earlier in the year , Winfrey said . The explanation she had been given was that the student 's mother wanted to spend more time with her ; but other students later said it was because of problems with a dorm matron . "  I am prepared to do whatever is necessary to make sure that the Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls becomes the safe and nurturing and enriched setting that I had envisioned , " Winfrey said . Watch Oprah talk about being a "  momma bear " to the children " "  Knowing what I know now , the screening process was inadequate " for Makopo 's position , Winfrey said . "  We are going to redefine what that position should mean and what the qualifications for that position should be . " She said the contract of the school 's headmistress will not be renewed when it expires at the end of the year . Winfrey said the school was in the process of getting cell phones for the girls so they could call her directly and that some of the students were getting counseling . Makopo faces charges of assault , indecent assault , and crimen injuria . Indecent assault is defined in South Africa as touching the private parts of another person without consent ; crimen injuria involves verbal abuse which violates the victim 's dignity . The state alleges there were seven victims . Six are between the ages of 13 and 14 and one was 23 . It is not clear when the abuse happened , and only some of the allegations are known . Police have confirmed that one instance involves Makopo allegedly grabbing a girl by the throat and throwing her against a wall , but Winfrey also mentioned sexual abuse of the girls . The prosecutor said that "  as a dormitory parent , she -LSB- Makopo -RSB- was in a trusted position , " and that Makopo abused that trust . Makopo was released on bail of 3,000 rand -LSB- U.S. $ 460 -RSB- . Her next court appearance is December 13 . Winfrey said when she first heard about the abuse charges , she cried for half an hour . "  I was so stunned I could n't even wrap my brain around it , " she said . "  Within the hour I pulled myself together and started making calls and preparing for what to do next and how to best look after the girls . " "  What I know is , is that no one -- not the accused nor any persons -- can destroy the dream that I have held and the dream that each girl continues to hold for herself at this school , " she said . "  We will show that the resilience of the human spirit is actually stronger than poverty , it 's stronger than hatred , it 's stronger than violence , it 's stronger than trauma and loss , and it 's also stronger than any abuse . " E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Robyn Curnow contributed to this report .	NEW : Oprah Winfrey praises teens who took complaint to school 's CEO Winfrey says "  horrible situation " has been rooted out at school Matron allegedly abused seven school students , the youngest age 13 Tiny Virginia Makopo , 27 , has pleaded not guilty to the charges
CNN  -- The Australian radio station which made a prank call to a UK hospital that apparently resulted in the death of a nurse said Tuesday that it would donate at least 500,000 Australian dollars  US$ 524,000  to a fund for the nurse 's family . Jacintha Saldanha apparently committed suicide after being duped by the prank call from two DJs seeking information on Prince William 's pregnant wife , Catherine . Read more : Radio personalities apologize for prank call The Sydney-based 2DayFM radio station has come under heavy fire over the hoax call . The media group which owns 2DayFM said it would resume advertising on the station -- halted in the wake of the tragedy -- beginning Thursday , with all profits until the end of the year going to "  an appropriate fund " that would directly benefit Saldanha 's family and a minimum contribution of 500,000 Australian dollars . "  We are very sorry for what has happened , " said Rhys Holleran , chief executive of Southern Cross Austereo . "  We hope that by contributing to a memorial fund we can help to provide the Saldanha family with the support they need at this very difficult time . " Saldanha put through a call from the DJs to a nurse on the ward at King Edward VII 's Hospital , where the Duchess of Cambridge was being treated for acute morning sickness early last Tuesday . Opinion : ` The great ' vs. the powerless The 46-year-old nurse was found dead three days later in living quarters in central London provided by her workplace . She left a husband and two children . An autopsy will be carried out Tuesday in Westminster , London 's Metropolitan Police said . The hospital has said that it is also collecting donations from the public for the family and asked that checks be made out to King Edward VII 's Hospital -- Jacintha Saldanha Memorial Fund and mailed to Finance , King Edward VII 's Hospital , 10 Beaumont Street , London . W1G 6AA . "  She was an outstanding nurse whose loss has shocked and saddened everyone at the hospital , " said chairman Lord Glenarthur . "  Following discussions with her family , we have now established the Jacintha Saldanha Memorial Fund in her memory . " Many donations have already been made from around the world , he said , and the hospital would "  certainly welcome " a contribution from Southern Cross Austereo . There has been a fierce public backlash against the radio station , both within Australia and worldwide , since its decision to broadcast the pre-recorded prank call . The two DJs , who impersonated Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles in the call , made tearful apologies on Monday for what had happened . Mel Greig and Michael Christian , both crying at times , told two Australian television shows that their thoughts were with Saldanha 's family . "  I 'm very sorry and saddened for the family , and I ca n't imagine what they 've been going through , " Greig said on the program "  Today Tonight . " Christian described himself as "  gutted , shattered and heartbroken . " Read more : Nurse death sparks outrage , casts glare on ` shock jocks ' "  For the part we played , we 're incredibly sorry , " Christian said on "  Today Tonight . " Both have said that they never expected the call to go through . They also stressed Monday that while they made the call to the hospital , they did not have a say on whether it went to air . The call was recorded and then went through a vetting process at their network before it was broadcast , they said . Share prices for Southern Cross Media Group dropped by as much as 8 % Monday following the controversy , according to Australian media reports . A number of big advertisers pulled their spots from 2DayFM before it took the decision temporarily not to run ads . Profits for the media group as a whole were 95 million Australian dollars in the year to June 2012 , up from 64.1 million a year earlier , according to the company 's 2012 annual report . It was the first full-year earnings report since Southern Cross Media and Austereo Group merged in May 2011 . Holleran last week said he was "  deeply saddened " by the nurse 's death but defended the legality of the station 's action , saying he was "  very confident that we have n't done anything illegal . " The Australian Communications and Media Authority , the country 's media regulator , has said it will be "  engaging with " the network "  around the facts and issues surrounding the prank call . " London 's Metropolitan Police have contacted Australian authorities in relation to the call , but "  are not discussing about what or with who " they 're talking , a spokesman told CNN . A spokeswoman for New South Wales Police in Australia told CNN : "  As the investigation into the death of London nurse Jacintha Saldhana continues , New South Wales Police will be providing London 's Metropolitan Police with whatever assistance they require . " Aussie DJ scandal : Does radio share the blame ? CNN 's Laura Perez-Maestro and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	Hospital chairman says its memorial fund would welcome a donation from 2DayFM 2Day FM says its profits up to the end of the year will go to a fund for Saldanha 's family Jacitnha Saldanha apparently committed suicide after being duped by a prank call by DJs The radio station has faced heavy criticism over its decision to broadcast the call
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- An attack in which the Taliban claimed to have infiltrated key government sites in downtown Kabul killed at least five people Monday morning , hospital and government officials said . Among the five were two policemen and one national security staff member , Interior Minister Mohammad Hanif Atmar said at a news conference . Seventy-one others were injured , 36 of whom were police or security officers , he said . His report of the death toll conflicts with those of Defense Ministry spokesman Zahir Azimi , who said 13 died , and the Taliban , which claimed even more were slain . Seven attackers ' bodies were recovered , with two or three of them burned beyond recognition , Azimi said . The Taliban said only five were killed . Four explosions and gunfire shook downtown Kabul about 9:15 a.m. Monday , with the Taliban saying it was conducting a militant operation . The attack started as 14 members of Afghan President Hamid Karzai 's Cabinet were to be sworn in , said Parliament member Fawzia Koofi . About 20 Taliban insurgents entered the presidential palace ; the ministries of Finance , Mines and Justice ; and the Serena Hotel , said spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid . NATO-led forces said "  several small explosions " and gunfire were reported near the Feroshgah e Afghan Shopping Center and the Serena Hotel , and later added that "  numerous " suicide bombers had attacked government buildings close to the presidential palace and the Ministry of Justice . Atmar said that the coordinated attacks struck the city over a span of two hours and 45 minutes and that they targeted civilians . And the threat continued at 1 p.m. , when three attackers took over Bayman Hotel , Atmar said . More than two hours later , Afghan security forces killed the men , he said . At least two insurgents were killed at the shopping center , NATO-led forces said in a news release , which also said that Afghan national police had secured all roads in the area . A separate news release condemned the attack , which NATO-led forces said took place amid many civilians . Atmar , the Minister of Defense and chief of the National Security Department also condemned the violence . The Taliban claimed that they killed 31 officials and injured 31 people . Their account could not be immediately independently verified . The terrorist group also disputed the government on the number of its militants killed . Five militants had died and 13 had returned to their safe houses , the Taliban 's Mujahid said , adding that two were still fighting . But Zmaray Bashari , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry , said security forces had restored Kabul to normalcy by Monday afternoon . Monday 's assault followed weekend violence that killed at least three international troops and 14 militants in Afghanistan , authorities said . CNN 's Dan Rivers and Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	Five people killed ; two insurgents dead at shopping center , NATO-led forces say Taliban insurgents enter presidential palace , ministry buildings , government says Karzai Cabinet members were to be sworn in , Parliament member says
CNN  Martin Boudot was working in his Paris office Wednesday when a colleague told him two men were standing outside with "  Kalashnikovs . " They were trying to get into the building . Moments later , the massacre erupted in the offices of satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo feet away from Boudot , he told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We heard the first shots and then more and more shots , right across the whole five or six minutes . " And they heard screams , said Boudot , who is a documentarian . They ran for the roof , while their minds raced through possible dangers . "  We knew that there were victims a few meters away from us , but there might be , you know , some explosives somewhere or maybe a third guy , " Boudot said . Separating men from women In the offices of Charlie Hebdo , the masked gunmen dressed in black apparently barged in on a conference . Survivors later told their stories to a doctor who treated them . He relayed them to CNN . The gunman separated the men from the women and called out names of cartoonists . Then they fired . Not randomly spraying bullets , but taking professional , precise aim . They left the building , and cell phone video captured them as they ran in the street and kept firing . One of the masked men ran over to a man in uniform lying apparently wounded on the sidewalk and shot him at close range . The two said they were avenging the Prophet Mohammed and shouted "  Allahu akbar , " which translates to "  God is great , " a French official said . Video shows a gunman approaching his black getaway car and raising his finger . Perhaps it was a signal . A coveted target When the gunfire ceased , Boudot and his colleagues went back into the building . They could n't have been too surprised that the satire magazine had been attacked . Threats against it had been widely reported . Charlie Hebdo 's previous offices had been fire-bombed three years before , the day it was to publish a provocative cover lampooning the Muslim prophet Mohammed . They moved to their current office a year ago , Paul Moreira , who works in the building , told CNN 's Erin Burnett . The magazine refused to change anything and kept publishing irreverent cartoons on Islam but also on Christianity , Judaism , politics and society -- in its usual profane style . Charlie Hebdo 's editor , cartoonist Stephane Charbonnier -- "  Charb " for short -- was on an al Qaeda target list . The gunmen killed him , as they did three other famous cartoonists , known by the pen names Cabu , Wolinski and Tignous . Charb was constantly guarded , Dutch journalist Stefan de Vries told CNN 's Don Lemon . "  He was always accompanied by one or two secret service officers . Everywhere we went , for the last four years . At day and at night , so he was protected , " he said . De Vries thinks one of those killed was a body guard . Bodies on the left In the meeting room , Boudot saw bodies lying off to the left . Survivors were either hiding or standing . "  They were just standing like -- not zombies -- but they were standing and did n't do anything , " he said . "  We tried to help the very first one , but actually , to be honest , there were not a lot of wounded , they were just people dead , all around . " But the gunman had not only killed in the meeting room . Moreira made his way to Charlie Hebdo 's offices as well . The first thing he saw was the body of a building doorman . "  This grumpy guy we liked and appreciated . He was lying down in his blood , and he was dead ; he had been shot by the gunners . " Blood stained the stairways , where heavily wounded people lay . A man Moreira knew for 20 years had been shot in each leg . Moreira went up to the cartoonists ' offices . Witnesses huddled with survivors . "  They were in one room , some crying hysterical . Some were , like , prostrated and not capable of saying anything , saying a word , " Moreira said . The gunmen had shot dead eight of their colleagues , as well as a guest , the doorman and two police officers . On Thursday , businesses around the corner in the trendy inner city neighborhood reopened , cafes filled with patrons and traffic congested streets . Aside from a covey of journalists ' satellite trucks the only sign of the carnage a day earlier was a tribute taped to a tree . A bouquet of roses and a quote by a French philosopher . It read , "  There is only one step from fanaticism to barbarism . "	A man saw the gunmen trying to get in Moments later gunfire erupted in the offices of Charlie Hebdo
CNN  -- Researchers with a Malaysian university said they have uncovered evidence of an iron industry that dates to the 3rd Century , A.D. , and proves that ancient civilizations in Southeast Asia were more advanced than once thought . The archaeologists from the Universiti Sains Malaysia found the remains of an iron smelting site , tools to pump oxygen into the iron smelting process , rooftops of buildings , beads and pots , said Mokhtar Saidan , a professor and leader of the team . The discovery was made after a month of excavation at Lembah Bujang , a historical site in Malaysia . "  This is the first discovery of the earliest iron industry in Lembah Bujang and has been dated conclusively . This date also adds on to the facts and data on the early history of Southeast Asia , " he said . He said coal from the site was sent to a laboratory in Florida that said elements in the coal dated to the 3rd Century . The professor said the discovery confirms that human civilization in the area was more advanced than thought and the site probably was a place for exporting iron in the 3rd Century .	Researchers uncover evidence of Malaysian iron industry dating to 3rd Century Proves ancient civilizations in Southeast Asia more advanced than thought Discovery was made after a month of excavation at Lembah Bujang
CNN  -- The man accused of killing a bride-to-be and her fiance 's best man when he drove the boat they were passengers on into a barge on the Hudson River was charged in an 18-count indictment unsealed Thursday . JoJo John , 35 , is facing two counts of first-degree vehicular manslaughter , four counts of second-degree vehicular manslaughter , two counts of second-degree manslaughter , two counts of criminally negligent homicide , two counts of first-degree vehicular assault , four counts of second-degree vehicular assault and two counts of operating a vessel under the influence of alcohol or drugs . "  The defendant is accused of taking the helm of his boat while under the influence of alcohol , being unable to maintain situational awareness and striking a construction barge , " Rockland County District Attorney Thomas P. Zugibe said . "  Drinking and driving is a lethal mix , as it appears to have been in this incident , which left several families shattered . My office will aggressively prosecute this case to ensure that justice is done . " John was piloting a 19-foot Stingray powerboat around 10:40 p.m. on July 26 when it slammed into one of three construction barges strapped together near the Tappan Zee Bridge , 25 miles north of Manhattan , hurling Lindsey Stewart and Mark Lennon into the river , resulting in their deaths , according to the indictment . John and three others , including groom-to-be Brian Bond , were injured . Stewart and Bond were to be married two weeks later , according to family , with Lennon as best man . According to the indictment , John 's blood alcohol level was found to be 0.15 , nearly twice the legal limit of .08 , and "  cocaine metabolites " were found in his system . But John 's attorney , David Narain , said the real cause of the disastrous collision was the result of insufficient lighting on the barges . "  The defense investigation has uncovered substantial evidence , including physical evidence and the testimony of numerous witnesses , that the cause of this tragic accident was the poorly and inadequately lit group of barges struck by JoJo John 's boat , " Narain said in a statement . "  We dispute the toxicology reports and look forward to challenging those findings , " he added . James Mercante , who is representing John in civil matters , agreed : "  A boater should be able to cross a navigable waterway , impaired or not , without intrusion . The barges unduly interfered with that transit . " John was arrested while recovering at Nyack Hospital , court documents said , and an arraignment is pending . Authorities want answers in boating accident	Boat driver JoJo John indicted in Hudson River crash that killed bride-to-be , fiance 's best man John , 35 , was drunk when his boat hit barges , indictment says The accident was the result of inadequate lighting on the barges , John 's attorneys say
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Hong Kong judge ordered a wealthy real estate mogul to pay his former wife $ 154 million in one of the city 's largest divorce settlements . The divorce award translates to HK $ 1.2 billion and dwarfs famous settlements in other countries . In comparison , Paul McCartney was ordered to pay Heather Mills almost $ 50 million three years ago . Court documents released Thursday detailed a breakdown of the ruling . It includes a home in the city worth HK $ 250 million , a London residence valued at HK $ 30.5 million and HK $ 2.5 million to buy two cars . Samathur Li Kin-kan and his wife , Florence Tsang Chiu-wing , married in 2000 and separated in 2008 , according to court documents . They lived a lifestyle "  best described as just below that of a US - dollar billionaire , " court documents said . The wife told local media she was "  delighted " as she left the courtroom smiling . CNN 's Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	The award includes two homes and millions to buy two cars It dwarfs famous settlements in other countries In comparison , Paul McCartney was ordered to pay Heather Mills almost $ 50 million
MADRID , Spain  CNN  -- Barack Obama sometimes gets ribbed for his outsized ideas , like the massive stage built in Denver , Colorado , to accept the Democratic presidential nomination . But an artist in Barcelona , Spain , may be about to outdo the candidate himself . Large-format sketches have long been a focus of artist Jorge Rodriguez-Gerada 's work . The artist plans to create a gigantic face of Obama sculpted from gravel and sand , which will cover nearly 2.5 acres  1 hectare  of Barcelona beachfront before the U.S. elections . "  The size of the piece is intrinsic to its value , " the artist , Jorge Rodriguez-Gerada , said Saturday . He hopes it will be big enough to be seen on Google Earth . "  Obama 's personality -- his youth , personal history and message of a new politics -- has fused with the historical moment to create someone larger than life , " says the artist 's dossier about the work , titled "  Expectation . " The huge size also alludes "  to the global impact of this election , " the dossier adds . iReport.com : What do you want to ask Sen. Obama ? Rodriguez-Gerada , 42 , is a Cuban-born American who grew up in North Plainfield , New Jersey , near New York , and now lives in Barcelona . The artist , who has long focused on large-format sketches and other designs , said he had been planning to put an anonymous face on Barcelona 's Mediterranean beachfront but shelved the idea . Then , six weeks ago , he decided it should be Obama 's face . "  Everybody 's doing work about Obama , " he said . "  I was talking to my wife about the importance of this election internationally . It all came together . " The idea , that is . The execution of the project is still a work in progress , but with a lot of help pouring in . The artist has created what he calls a "  vectored image " from different photos of Obama , showing the candidate 's face looking left over his shoulder . He will use 500 tons of material -- mainly gravel but also sand and possibly some soil in black , brown and white tones -- to create the image on a flat piece of land slightly raised and overlooking the Mediterranean , near downtown Barcelona . The artist and a Barcelona newspaper say the city has temporarily ceded use of the land for the project . The portrait of Obama 's face will be 445 feet long by 264 feet wide  139.28 by 82.67 meters  and the artist hopes to have it done by late next week or no later than November 3 , the day before the U.S. elections . The materials have been donated , along with bulldozers and their drivers . The crews will initially spread the materials along white lines , and other markers that will be laid out according to the sketch . Then , the artist 's technical team will direct volunteers with garden rakes to put the final touches on the materials , making sure the various colors are spread properly on the ground in order to depict Obama 's eyes , hair , cheeks and collar , according to the plans . Rodriguez-Gerada said he 'll need to raise about $ 18,700  15,000 euros  for other costs , such as rakes and gloves for volunteers , documentation , even portable toilets for the crew . He said it 's his "  biggest work ever , in scale and complexity . " He 's a self-described political independent until recently , when he joined Democrats Abroad in Spain . But he added that the art project is his alone , without help from any political organization or campaign , and he wo n't be paid for it . Rodriguez-Gerada said this project also aims to address the issue of "  trying to find heroes with empathy for the problems of the world . We really need empathy from Barack Obama . There 's a need to do positive things for the future . " Obama 's giant face would be environmentally friendly , with all natural colors , so the materials could be recycled , the artist said . Rodriguez-Gerada 's not sure how long the face would remain in place in Barcelona , because the site is slated to be used for a new municipal building . But even if the face is n't permanent , it might be the start of outsized artistic images of Obama . Barcelona journalist Matt Elmore contributed to this report .	Cuban-American artist plans to finish work before U.S. elections 500 tons of material will cover 2.5 acres of beachfront Democratic presidential candidate is "  larger than life , " artist says Project also aims to address issue of "  trying to find heroes "
CNN  -- Sailing around the world is one of the most grueling challenges on the planet , with muscle-bound skippers steering 20-meter yachts through everything from tropical cyclones to Antarctic storms . Forced to endure the most brutal conditions on the globe , sailors must not only be emotionally resilient -- but physical dynamos . Which raises the question : Are women -- the stereotypical "  weaker gender " -- up to the task ? Organizers of the Volvo Ocean Race -- the prestigious round-the-world sailing competition -- seem to think so , and are gearing up for the first all-female team in over a decade . This one 's for you It will be an emotional campaign by the 11-woman Swedish Team  SCA  , who last month lost their coach Magnus Olsson to a stroke . "  People say it 's the toughest race there is in the world but it 's much more than that . It 's big waves , icebergs , it 's incredible team spirit . You want to win but of course you have bad days and sometimes you hate it , " Swedish veteran sailor Olsson told CNN , before his death . "  This race is incredibly physical . The stronger you are the better it is -- you get an advantage over the others if you are stronger for sure . " Everest of sailing The all-women team will be allowed three more sailors than their male counterparts , in their bid to win one of the toughest sporting competitions in the world . Dubbed the "  Everest of Sailing , " the Volvo Ocean Race covers 72,000-kilometers in an epic nine-month journey across the globe . Launched in 1973 , the race claimed three lives in the first year alone . "  It 's very physical and it 's definitely become a lot more physical over the years -- the sails are getting bigger , the boats are going faster , " three-time race winner , Brad Jackson , told CNN . "  It 's just harder work , so the more big guys the better . " Women doing it for themselves The last time an all-female crew took part was in 1997 , finishing ninth out of 10 boats . This time around , the ladies are more determined than ever to cross the finish line first , and are busy training in Lanzarote , Spain , more than a year ahead of the race in October , 2014 . Five of the crew have already been chosen , and include an elite line-up of former Olympic competitors and international world champions . Among them is Briton Sam Davies , who in 2008 finished fourth in the Vendee Globe -- a non-stop , solo circumnavigation renowned as the toughest sailing competition on the planet . The 38-year-old 's most recent attempt at the Vendee earlier this year lasted just six days , after her mast collapsed . The crushing disappointment forced her to look for a new challenge . "  When something unexpected and unwanted happens it 's really hard . You always have to learn from your mistakes and learn by your problems and come out stronger and so that 's what I 'm doing , " Davies told CNN . "  The Vend -- e Globe is my project , I 'm my own boss and I do everything on the boat . There are so many things that I have been questioning -- such as whether I 'm capable of getting into a project where I 'm not the boss anymore , " the mother-of-one added . From heartbreak to hero ? Also in the crew is another yachtswoman reeling from professional disaster , and hoping to make good in 2014 . A year ago , 33-year-old Annie Lush was training for the London 2012 Olympics with only one thing on her mind -- to win a medal . But her three-person-crew , who had won a world title in their Olympic build up , did not deliver , instead finishing sixth . "  I do n't think I 'll ever forget that moment , " Lush told CNN . "  I had a lot of belief in the way we campaigned but it was one of our worst ever performances in a regatta . " "  That disappointment will always be with me . I 've chosen not to go back and try and settle that straight , but to do something new and this is something new . " Future females One thing is for sure , win or lose , these gutsy ladies are throwing sailing stereotypes overboard . As SCA managing director , Richard Brisius , said : "  They are all very talented natural sailors -- gender does not come into it . " "  It would be great to think that we could engage a new generation of women to break into competitive , crewed offshore racing . A female team in this race should be the norm , not something unusual . "	First all-female crew in over a decade gears up for tough sailing race Volvo Ocean Race kicks off in October next year , women 's team already training Significant race follows sudden death of coach Magnus Olsson last month Will have 11 crew members -- three more than men 's teams
CNN  -- Naomi Sims , one of the world 's first black supermodels , has died at the age of 61 after a battle with breast cancer , according to her family . Naomi Sims became an icon of the "  Black is Beautiful " movement with her modeling . Alex Erwiah , her brother-in-law , said Sims died Saturday in Newark , New Jersey . Sims was a teenager from Oxford , Mississippi , when she broke fashion industry color barriers on New York runways in 1967 . She became an icon of the "  Black is Beautiful " movement after she appeared on the cover of Ladies ' Home Journal magazine in November 1968 . She later graced the covers of Time , Cosmopolitan , McCall 's , Life and many other magazines . Audrey Smaltz was a fashion editor at Ebony magazine when she became Sims ' friend . "  She demanded attention , " Smaltz said . "  She would walk into a room and people would come to a stop . People would go , ` Oh , my God , look at that person . ' " Essence : Images of Naomi Sims Smaltz said Sims ' success as a model "  started the whole whites accepting blacks , " paving the way for others , including Beverly Johnson . "  They had so many fabulous black models in the '70s , " Smaltz said . "  It was our heyday , and Naomi made that way for the rest of the girls to come along . " Sims quit modeling in 1973 , saying she was bored and disenchanted with the use of racial quotas in the fashion industry . "  If they use you , it 's because you 're Black , " she said in the biography posted on her personal Web site . Sims married in 1973 and soon gave birth to a son , Robert . She launched a successful wig collection targeted at African-American women in 1976 , followed by a cosmetics line in 1986 . Sims wrote several books focused on beauty , health and career advice for African-American women .	Naomi Sims was one of first black supermodels Sims was on notable cover of Ladies ' Home Journal in 1968 , many other magazines Sims paved way for others such as Beverly Johnson , a friend says
CNN  -- Authorities at Pennsylvania 's Three Mile Island nuclear plant were investigating what caused a weekend radiation leak that resulted in 150 workers being sent home , officials said Sunday . An airborne radiological contamination alarm sounded about 4 p.m. Saturday in the Unit 1 containment building , according to a statement from Exelon Nuclear , which operates the Three Mile Island plant near Middletown , Pennsylvania . The unit had been shut down since October 26 for refueling , maintenance and steam generator replacement , the company said . "  A monitor at the temporary opening cut into the containment building wall to allow the new steam generators to be moved inside showed a slight increase in a reading and then returned to normal , " the company said . "  Two other monitors displayed normal readings . " Three Mile Island was the scene of the worst U.S. nuclear accident , a partial meltdown in 1979 that resulted in the plant 's second reactor being shut down permanently . Tests showed the contamination in Saturday 's incident was confined to the building itself , and none was found outside , Exelon said . There was no threat to public health and safety , but the workers were sent home because they could not continue until the area was cleaned , Bill Noll , Exelon vice president , said in the Saturday statement . One worker was found to have received 16 millirem of exposure , and others received lower levels of contamination . The annual occupational dose limit for workers at Exelon plants is 2,000 millirem , the statement said . Radiation exposure from a chest X-ray is about 6 millirem , according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . Although Noll said it was hoped work would resume at Unit 1 on Sunday , Exelon spokeswoman Beth Archer told CNN on Sunday it had not resumed , as the cause of the leak was still under investigation . Two radiation specialists from the NRC were scheduled to investigate Sunday . "  Numerous work activities were going on in the building at the time the alarm sounded , and Exelon engineers are working to determine the cause of the incident , " the statement said . The March 1979 accident at Three Mile Island brought the nuclear industry to a standstill . The partial meltdown of Unit 2 's nuclear core resulted in no injuries to plant workers or nearby community members , but it triggered changes in nuclear power plant operations and emergency planning and led to tighter oversight of the industry by the NRC . The Unit 2 reactor is permanently shut down and defueled , the NRC said . In 2001 , FirstEnergy acquired it and contracted its monitoring to Exelon , which owns Unit 1 . The companies plan to keep Unit 2 in "  long-term , monitored storage " until the Unit 1 operating license expires , at which time both plants will be decommissioned , the NRC said . A new generation of nuclear reactors is being considered in the United States as environmental concerns have intensified about coal-fired power plants . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	Airborne radiological contamination alarm sounded at 4 p.m. Saturday Radiation was confined to a single building and no one was in danger , company says In 1979 , Three Mile Island was the scene of the worst U.S. nuclear accident
Video , whether it 's a natural sound package  see below , with editing tips from CNN 's Merv Teo  , an interview , "  B-roll , " or a simple sound bite , is the hallmark of multimedia production . Two veterans of CNN photojournalism , Mark "  Mad Dog " Biello and Chris Hrubesh , share their tips below . After reading these , CNN iReport would like you to participate in this week 's boot camp project , by profiling a person who works with his or her hands .  Shoot in series Give a variety of shots to the viewer : a wide shot to establish the scene , medium shot to bring the viewer closer , and a close-up to reveal the action . You can mix this up too , starting a sequence with the close-up instead .  Hold your shots Always hold your shots for at least five seconds at the beginning and five seconds at the end . This technique will give our viewers a "  less jarring experience " and make it easier to edit later .  Use a tripod or mono-pod Nothing distracts viewers more than shaky or lopsided video . You can purchase an inexpensive tripod to correct these problems . The more expensive a tripod is , the more control you have over your camera shots . A tripod with a fluid head will allow you to accomplish the smoothest zooms , tilts , and pans .  Limit your zooms and pans All of us have been guilty of overusing zooms and pans , but you must resist this temptation . These moves should only be used on tripods . If you have time , practice the zoom or pan before you start rolling . Try to focus more on getting wide , medium , and  my favorite  close-up shots . Try to physically move closer to your subject instead of zooming if possible . If you do zoom , try to stick to your optical zoom , not your digital zoom . Digital zoom looks bad and should only be used if your subject is out of your normal camera range .  Have a foreground subject It is always interesting to have an object or subject in the foreground . For example , when shooting the exterior of a house , use the mailbox in the foreground for a more dramatic look , or pan from the mailbox to the house .  Use manual controls , if possible If you have a "  prosumer camera , " use the manual controls instead of the automatic if you have the time . Automatic focus and auto iris can distract from the quality of your video if the subject or light is constantly changing location and intensity . To do a proper manual focus , zoom all the way in to your subject  before recording  get your focus , and zoom out . If you are interviewing someone , zoom in to their eyes and set your focus . If you do n't do this , your subject with be "  soft " which is out of focus .  Get a variety of angles and shots Only showing wide or medium shots will get boring quickly . Try to vary your shots . Always get a wide or establishing shot , then try to get in close to the action and get close-ups without interfering with the story .  Do n't talk while shooting "  B-roll " Do not -- I repeat -- do not talk while you are shooting awesome footage  or "  B-roll , " a.k.a. supplemental or alternate footage  . We need to hear the natural sound of the event and not your commentary . If you talk during the event , the viewers will lose that sound , and we would generally lower or edit out your commentary if it distracts from the video .  Use a microphone when interviewing someone Even though camera mics will do in a breaking news situation , wireless lavaliere or stick mics are the tools of choice for good storytelling  if you have a DV cam , it is wise to invest in a wireless system , for use with interviews or following a subject around without having to hold a mic  . If possible , use a windscreen to keep out wind noise and audio pops from your subject .  Have the interview subject restate the question For example : If you ask how does this machine work ? " have the subject answer , "  Well , the machine works in this way ... " iReport : Put your video skills to work  Get to know the subject before rolling tape Furthermore , when conducting any interview , always start with the person 's full name , spelling and if appropriate , where are they from and what they do for a living . The name is very important to CNN iReport producers and for air . Also , never ask a question that can be answered with a simple "  yes " or "  no . " Ask a question like , "  Can you describe to me what you saw ? " Have them describe the details and their personal feelings .  Use a camera light for indoor interviews If you are shooting indoors and the light is low , use a camera  bat light  . You should ideally have one with a dimmer but these can get pretty pricey . When you are shooting outdoors , always have the sun to your back and your subject facing the sun if possible . Making sure people 's faces are lit will help them stand out from their background .  Bring extra batteries and media for every shoot As they say in the Boy Scouts , "  Be prepared . " Make sure your batteries are fully charged and you have plenty of extra videotapes or media before you head out there and get your extraordinary video . Purchase a decent camera case to protect your camera that also has room for your extra batteries and media .  Be creative You do n't have to reinvent video production , but be observant and try to find shots that you do n't normally see on the air . These 10 basic tips should help you improve the quality of your video submissions in the future . I also recommend watching CNN programming and gleaning basic composition and lighting techniques . These basic tips should help you improve the quality of your video submissions in the future . We also recommend watching CNN 's programming and gleaning basic composition and lighting techniques . Mark "  Mad Dog " Biello has traveled to more than 80 countries and 49 states , and worked in nine CNN bureaus capturing compelling stories for CNN over the past 27 years . He was portrayed in the HBO film "  Live From Baghdad " as the only photojournalist for CNN to be in Baghdad when the 1991 Gulf War began . He also covered the revolutions throughout Eastern Europe , the fall of the Berlin Wall , the fall of the Soviet Union , wars in Somalia , Bosnia and Sudan , the South African elections in 1994 , 9/11 , the Afghanistan war , and was embedded with U.S. Marines in 2003 in Iraq . He has covered as many as 30 conflicts and civil wars around the world . During Hurricane Katrina , he rescued dozens of people hours after the storm had passed through New Orleans , Louisiana . He recently covered the BP oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico . Chris Hrubesh has worked for CNN for 22 years as a video editor , field audio recordist , photographer and producer . He has been to several war zones , including Bosnia  1992 and 1995  , Kuwait , Iraq and Somalia . He has traveled and covered the last four elections and been embedded with the presidential campaigns of Joe Biden , John McCain , Al Gore and Dick Gephardt . He has covered dozens of hurricanes , including Katrina , several high-profile court cases and was at ground zero hours after the attacks on 9/11 . Merv Teo has worked for CNN for eight years and is an accomplished producer ; field producer , segment producer , video editor , photographer , lighting and field engineering assistant . He has spent a significant amount of time working in the Boston bureau with reporter Dan Lothian and also covered the 2004 Democrat and Republican national conventions . In his current role , Merv produces breaking news elements for our online businesses and generates original content on a daily basis , including producing entertainment related stories for CNN.com .	Veterans of CNN photojournalism share their expert tips on creating videos One tip : Give a variety of shots to the viewer Another : Get to know your interview subjects before rolling tape iReport : Profile someone working with their hands
Mental Floss  -- Because you were n't going into botany , the priesthood , or coin manufacturing , you thought you were safe to dismiss Latin as a dead language . Obviously , you did n't graduate cum laude . I think , therefore I am the famous statue "  The Thinker " by French sculptor Auguste Rodin . Latin is about as dead as Elvis  who , by the way , made $ 54 million in 2004  . Whether you 're deciphering a cryptic state seal or trying to impress your Catholic in-laws , knowing some Latin has its advantages . But the operative word here is "  some . " The ability to translate The Aeneid probably is n't going to come in handy anytime soon , so we 'll start you off with 9 phrases that have survived the hatchet men of time  in all their pretentious glory  . Caveat Emptor :  KAV-ee-OT emp-TOR  : "  Let the buyer beware " Before money-back guarantees and 20-year warranties , caveat emptor was indispensable advice for the consumer . These days , it 'd be more fitting to have it tattooed on the foreheads of used-car salesmen , infomercial actors , and prostitutes . For extra credit points , remember that caveat often makes solo appearances at cocktail parties as a fancy term for a warning or caution . Oh , and just so you know , caveat lector means "  let the reader beware . " Persona Non Grata :  puhr-SOH-nah non GRAH-tah  : "  An unacceptable person " Remember your old college buddy , the one everybody called Chugger ? Now picture him at a debutante ball , and you 'll start to get a sense of someone with persona non grata status . The term is most commonly used in diplomatic circles to indicate that a person is unwelcome due to ideological differences or a breach of trust . Sometimes , the tag refers to a pariah , a ne'er - do-well , a killjoy , or an interloper , but it 's always subjective . Michael Moore was treated as a persona non grata at the Republican National Convention . Bill O'Reilly would experience the same at Burning Man . Habeas Corpus :  HAY-bee-as KOR-pus  : "  You have the body " When you wake up in the New Orleans Parish Prison after a foggy night at Mardi Gras , remember this one . In a nutshell , habeas corpus is what separates us from savages . It 's the legal principle that guarantees an inmate the right to appear before a judge in court , so it can be determined whether or not that person is being lawfully imprisoned . It 's also one of the cornerstones of the American and British legal systems . Without it , tyrannical and unjust imprisonments would be possible . In situations where national security is at risk , however , habeas corpus can be suspended . Cogito Ergo Sum :  CO-gee-toe ER-go SOME  : "  I think , therefore I am " When all those spirited mental wrestling matches you have about existentialism start growing old  yeah , right !  , you can always put an end to the debate with cogito ergo sum . Ren Descartes , the 17th-century French philosopher , coined the phrase as a means of justifying reality . According to him , nothing in life could be proven except one 's thoughts . Well , so he thought , anyway . E Pluribus Unum :  EE PLUR-uh-buhs OOH-nuhm  : "  Out of many , one " Less unique than it sounds , America 's original national motto , e pluribus unum , was plagiarized from an ancient recipe for salad dressing . In the 18th century , haughty intellectuals were fond of this phrase . It was the kind of thing gentlemen 's magazines would use to describe their year-end editions . But the term made its first appearance in Virgil 's poem "  Moretum " to describe salad dressing . The ingredients , he wrote , would surrender their individual aesthetic when mixed with others to form one unique , homogenous , harmonious , and tasty concoction . As a slogan , it really nailed that whole cultural melting pot thing we were going for . And while it continues to appear on U.S. coins , "  In God We Trust " came along later  officially in 1956  to share the motto spotlight . Quid Pro Quo :  kwid proh KWOH  : "  You scratch my back , I 'll scratch yours " Given that quid pro quo refers to a deal or trade , it 's no wonder the Brits nicknamed their almighty pound the "  quid . " And if you give someone some quid , you 're going to expect some quo . The phrase often lives in the courtroom , where guilt and innocence are the currency . It 's the oil that lubricates our legal system . Something of a quantified value is traded for something of equal value ; elements are parted and parceled off until quid pro quo is achieved . Most recently , Arizona Senator John McCain co-opted the phrase to describe campaign finance and influence pedaling because he believes that one does n't give major milk to a campaign without expecting major cheese in return . Ad Hominem :  ad HAH-mi-nem  : "  To attack the man " In the world of public discourse , ad hominem is a means of attacking one 's rhetorical opponent by questioning his or her reputation or expertise rather than sticking to the issue at hand . Translation : Politicians are really good at it . People who resort to ad hominem techniques are usually derided as having a diluted argument or lack of discipline . If pressed , they 'll brandish it like a saber and refuse to get back to the heart of the matter . Who said the debate team does n't have sex appeal ? Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam :  ad-MA-yor-em DAY-ee GLOR-ee-um  : "  All for the Greater Glory of God " Ad majorem dei gloriam is often shortened to AMDG . In other words , it 's the WWJD of the Jesuits , who 've been drilling the mantra into their followers since  Saint  Ignatius of Loyola founded the Catholic Order in 1534 . They believe all actions , big or small , should be done with AMDG in mind . Remind your Jesuit-educated buddies of this when they seem to be straying from the path .  Best used with a wink and a hint of irony . Sui Generis :  SOO-ee JEN-er-is  : "  Of its own genus , " or "  Unique and unable to classify " Frank Zappa , the VW Beetle , cheese in a can , that feeling you get when the Red Sox win the World Series : Sui generis refers to something that 's so new , so bizarre , or so rare that it defies categorization . Granted , labeling something "  sui generis " is really just classifying the unclassifiable . But let 's not over-think it . Use it at a dinner party to describe Andy Kaufman , and you impress your friends . Use it too often , and you just sound pretentious . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Nine Latin phrases commonly used today Persona non grata : Person unwelcome due to ideological differences Quid pro quo refers to a deal or trade Sui generis refers to something so new or bizarre it defies categorization
CNN  -- Australian authorities ended their efforts to find survivors Friday after a boat carrying scores capsized off the coast of Indonesia this week . An Australian naval ship and four merchant vessels rescued 55 people in an area west of the Indonesian island of Java , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority said . But many more others may have perished in the sea . The authority said it was halting further efforts following medical advice that "  there is no realistic prospect of survivability . " One body was recovered during the rescue operation . Rescuers had been searching for survivors since Wednesday , when Australian authorities received a call from someone aboard saying the vessel was having engine trouble . The caller said it had about 150 people aboard , presumed to be asylum seekers . The survivors , including at least three with injuries , were being taken to Merak , Indonesia , Australian authorities said . Several ships carrying asylum seekers in Australia have run into trouble in the waters between Indonesia and Australia in recent years . Read more : Asylum seekers risking all to escape dangers of home Vessels often head for Christmas Island , a remote Australian territory closer to Java than to the Australian mainland . Dozens of people are believed to have died after two ships capsized near Christmas Island in June . More than 200 people were rescued from those accidents .	The 55 survivors are headed to Merak , Indonesia Rescuers have been searching since Wednesday after a boat reported engine trouble Australian authorities say there is "  no realistic prospect " of other survivors Ships carrying asylum seekers in Australia regularly run into trouble in the area
Editor 's note : Fawaz A. Gerges holds the Christian A. Johnson Chair in Middle Eastern Studies and International Affairs at Sarah Lawrence College . His most recent book is "  The Far Enemy : Why Jihad Went Global . " This is the first of two pieces by Gerges on the Iranian election . Fawaz Gerges says Iran 's president is vulnerable on the economy and broken promises of women 's rights . CNN  -- In Iran , as in every country , all politics is local . While there exist few substantive differences among leading presidential contenders over foreign and nuclear policy , there are divisions over the economy . With uncertain and declining oil revenues and a global financial crisis , Iran has fallen on hard times . The nation suffers from high inflation and an unemployment rate that tops 30 percent  according to unofficial figures  -- one of the highest in the region , despite the country 's huge oil exports . Public discontent over the faltering economy has seen President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad become increasingly unpopular . His reformist and conservative opponents alike have criticized him publicly for spending too much time agitating the U.S. and Israel and not enough trying to fix the crumbling economy . Regardless of which candidate wins on June 12 or in a potential runoff , he will inherit a grave economic crisis and a restive population . Dealing with foreign affairs is likely to be some way down his list of priorities . At his first press conference after announcing his presidential candidacy , Hossein Mousavi , Ahmadinejad 's main opponent , pledged to increase freedoms for Iranians and curb controversial restrictions that require women to cover their hair in public . "  Can a security patrol save our youths ? " Mousavi said of the increase in the moral police operations to prevent women from allowing their hair to show in public . "  Or can they be saved by the words of a grandfather who talks to his granddaughter ? " he asked rhetorically . The patrols began after Ahmadinejad became president , though his government denies responsibility ; many women claim that his administration has institutionalized discrimination against them . Criticizing the president 's rhetoric and the strictures he has imposed on daily life and public discourse , Mousavi , who appeals to the youth vote and women , said social controls are the domain of the people , not the government -- a radical departure from the dominant orthodoxy of the ruling mullahs . Mousavi frames his reforms as an affirmation of Iran 's constitution , which he says has been "  violated and undermined " by Ahmadinejad . The reason for his rhetoric is that women and young voters could tip the balance of power in his favor . Half of the 46 million eligible voters are women . In 1997 , more than 60 percent of the votes that brought former President Mohammad Khatami to power were cast by women , and in 2000 women voters were instrumental in giving reformists a sweeping majority in the parliament . Promising greater individual freedoms to Iran 's young people was instrumental in the two landslide victories by Khatami in 1997 and 2001 . Ironically , during the 2005 presidential election , candidate Ahmadinejad said he would loosen state control over people 's personal affairs . Trying to garner support among women and young voters , in one of his pre-election television interviews he questioned the role of the morality police : "  Let our children arrange their hair any way they wish . It does not concern you and me . ... The government should fix the economy of the nation and improve its atmosphere . ... People have variegated tastes . " His broken promises to women voters could cost him the presidency on June 12 . A reformist woman and a former member of parliament said in a newspaper article that the president 's days are numbered : "  The women 's movement in Iran is gaining momentum and these elections may be the first step towards Ahmadinejad -LSB- being -RSB- forced out . " Indeed , women have become critical players in Iran 's electoral map . More women activists are making their voices and demands heard and have formed coalitions to defeat the incumbent . Almost 600 women have registered for the forthcoming 290-seat Majlis  parliamentary  election , which will be crucial in determining the future of the ultra-conservatives who broadly back Ahmadinejad . There are currently only two women in secondary Cabinet positions and 11 in parliament , but these numbers seem certain to rise . It is no wonder then that leading reformist contenders have appealed to women by pledging to give them a greater say in the political and social order . Mehdi Karroubi , a former parliament speaker , said he has always supported women 's rights and that if elected , he would appoint a female minister to his Cabinet : "  Having a female minister will make no major changes , but it will be a major step toward removing the obstacles to the active participation of women in Iran 's politics . " So although this month 's presidential election is unlikely to cause a rupture internationally , either for better or worse , the result could have a critical impact on the domestic arena in Iran , particularly in terms of the empowerment of women . As such , the election will provide a glimpse of how far Iran has evolved and how far it has to travel . Regardless of who emerges victorious , neither Iran 's foreign policy nor its geostrategic posture will dramatically change . Although the president is the human face and representative of the Islamic-based regime in Tehran , he is not the top executive decision-maker or commander-in-chief . He does not make decisions of war and peace . Rather , his authority lies in the domestic arena , particularly in managing the economy and framing the moral debate , and communicating Iran 's message  s  to the world . iReport.com : Human chain in support of Mousavi The most powerful and influential man in today 's Iran is the unelected Supreme Leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , assisted by a National Security Council that includes dozens of political leaders . Together they are responsible for constructing the country 's regional and foreign policies , including the nuclear portfolio and relations with Western powers . They set the broad parameters of Iranian foreign policy and strategy , leaving the president with a limited ability to maneuver in determining the country 's international relations . Nevertheless , the president 's personality and discourse play an important role in Iran 's foreign relations , either heightening tensions with the world or presenting a more accommodating stance -- as clearly shown by the contrasting styles of President Ahmadinejad and his predecessor Mohammad Khatami . While Ahmadinejad 's aggressive rhetoric has caused a further rupture with Western states , Khatami 's stress on civilizational dialogue and co-existence was warmly welcomed in European capitals and many U.S. circles . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz Gerges .	Fawaz Gerges : Iranian election likely to turn on local issues , not foreign policy Iran 's economy in trouble due to lower oil prices , inflation , joblessness , he says Women think Ahmadinejad has broken his promises to them , Gerges says Gerges : Women and young people have been key factors in past votes
CNN  -- Chelsea spent the weekend celebrating a first European Champions League triumph after a dramatic defeat of Bayern Munich , but the English club 's record signing Fernando Torres was far from happy for the majority of Saturday 's historic win . The Spaniard was left out of the starting lineup for the clash at the German team 's Allianz Arena , with Chelsea 's interim coach Roberto di Matteo deciding to play Ivory Coast forward Didier Drogba alone in attack . Di Matteo 's decision paid dividends , as Drogba scored Chelsea 's 89th-minute equalizer in the 1-1 draw before converting the winning penalty in a nail-biting shootout . Torres , who has struggled for form since joining Chelsea from Liverpool in a British-record $ 80 million deal in January 2011 , described being on the bench for European club football 's most important match as "  perhaps the biggest disappointment in my life . " Munich mourns as Bayern blow big chance "  I thought I would play in this game and I could n't imagine not doing so , " the 28-year-old , who was introduced as an 82nd-minute substitute once Bayern had taken a 1-0 lead through Thomas Muller , told Spanish journalist Guillem Balague . "  But in the end I could participate and offer the team something . I 'm really happy . " Torres scored just six league goals last season , although he did enjoy a productive end of the campaign after netting a hat-trick against Queens Park Rangers and the decisive goal in Chelsea 's Champions League semifinal victory over Barcelona . Despite Torres ' important contribution at Barca 's Camp Nou stadium , Drogba has been Di Matteo 's preferred striker in Chelsea 's recent important matches . Jubilant Chelsea parade Champions League trophy Torres was also on the bench for the London club 's English FA Cup final win over his former club Liverpool . "  There have been a lot of ups and downs , " he said . "  There have been many times when I 've felt lost , I was not sure what to do . I felt like I did n't know where I belonged . "  This season I have felt things that I never had before . I 've felt like they treated me in a way that I did n't expect , not in the way that was spoken of when they signed me . "  We 've had a lot of talks and we 'll talk about my future at the end of the season because the role I 've had this season is not for me , nor is it the one I expected to play when I came here . I 'm not comfortable . " The next goal for Torres is to be included in Spain 's squad for the forthcoming European Championships in Poland and Ukraine , with coach Vicente del Bosque set to name his 23-man squad on May 27 . Torres scored the winning goal as Spain beat Germany in the final of the 2008 tournament in Austria and Switzerland , but his inability to cement a place in Chelsea 's team has cast doubt over his international future . The former Atletico Madrid striker has been included in the world champion 's squad for the upcoming friendly matches against Serbia and South Korea , along with Chelsea teammate Juan Mata . "  I 'll be hoping to be on the list when it is announced , " he said . "  I feel better than ever , hungrier than ever , but that 's what football is like -- often , when you feel you 're at your best they do n't consider you . " Meanwhile , Saturday 's final attracted the attention of some very powerful spectators across the Atlantic . At a G8 summit at Camp David in Maryland , U.S. President Barack Obama took in the action alongside British Prime Minister David Cameron and German Chancellor Angela Merkel . It was Cameron who ended the match the happier , but the two European leaders were able to embrace at the climax of a thrilling final .	Fernando Torres disappointed after being on the bench for Champions League final Striker Didier Drogba was preferred ahead of the Spaniard for the match in Munich Chelsea 's record signing says he will reevaluate his future at the club President Obama watched the match with David Cameron and Angela Merkel
CAMEMBERT , France  CNN  -- We 're up in the north central part of France -- Normandy -- to see what 's happening with French cheese . Cheese lovers will be happy to know , just about nothing , at least as far as the traditional cheeses are concerned . Cheese from the Camembert region now carries the same cachet as a chateau label for wine . But for the milk industry in general , it 's another story . It has now a larger annual turnover than the steel industry in France  which admittedly is in decline . Somehow the French have figured a way to export dairy products to people who already have cows and their own dairy industries -- to the tune of nearly $ 4 billion  $ 6 billion  per year . CNN spoke to a few of the people who do just that everyday and who are part of the changing face of France . Philippe Meslon , the mayor of Saint-Loup de Fribois and the administrator of the Saint-Loup cheese works says : "  A camembert not made out of raw milk is like making love without sex . "  A Frenchman is someone who cultivates with modern evolution his past . It 's someone who protects moral values , cultural values and artistic values , and when I say cultural values I would include camembert . " Meslon and small cheese makers like Francois Durand , who has 40 cows , have struggled and won the right to an Appelation d'Origine Controllee -- the mark AOC for their "  Camembert de Normandie " which carries the same cachet as a chateau label for wine . For Durand making cheese is about not cutting corners . "  You have to have the passion , " he says . "  Yes it 's difficult because it means a lot of work . We make it all by hand . I do believe it is important because the cheese is an emblem of France . It is a gastronomic emblem . " Still some small cheesemakers have been driven out of business and the taste and smell of their particular cheeses are lost to the world forever . For Michel Delorme it was a combination of new , more stringent rules and his age that led him to quit producing his handmade Camemberts . Michel Delorme : "  It 's more and more complicated for those who stay in the business . They must hold out ! Yes I miss the cheese a little . That 's true . But I 've kept my souvenirs , you see I 've kept my old milk cans so I can stay in the spirit of Camembert ! " Despite those who 've quit , the actual number of the variety of cheeses in France is growing . At the last cheese census more than 1,000 different kinds of cheeses were made here . The milk industry is no small cheese in France , thanks to the efforts of people like Philippe Jachnik who travels the world endlessly promoting milk products , which these days include protein supplements and milk derivatives that can go into all sorts of processed food . Jachnik , who works for the milk marketing consortium , says : "  I really would say I am selling the French approach to milk . We EAT a lot of milk . We DRINK a lot of water , wine , beer and coffee . But drinking milk is not a big business here . "  France has developed technological and marketing knowledge about adding value to a raw material -- milk . I have been traveling for 40 years all around the world and I feel so welcome . When you are French and you demonstrate that being French you can listen to others , people are interested in knowing about this country , about its people , about the way of life here . " Jachnik must be doing a good job as it 's not just abroad that the French are selling more milk products -- cheese consumption in France has doubled from 12 to 24 kilos per person per year . It seems there 's no curding their enthusiasm ... E-mail to a friend	Milk industry is booming in France , now has larger turnover than steel industry Dairy industry worth $ 6 billion , French eat 24 kilos of dairy per person a year Cheesemaker : Cheese is gastronomic emblem of France Last cheese census found around 1,000 different kinds of cheeses in France
A rung on the long ladder to Mars broke Friday , when a rocket test in Texas ended in a midair ball of fire . Debris from the unmanned SpaceX Falcon 9 Reusable  F9R  rocket , which self-destructed less than 20 seconds after launch , rained down from the flames onto an open field outside of McGregor . A hitch turned up during launch , and the "  flight termination system automatically terminated the mission , " SpaceX said in a statement . "  There were no injuries or near-injuries . " But it was a vivid firework for bystanders parked on a nearby country road -- and for their cellphone cameras . CNN affiliate KWTX reported the explosion on Friday and posted video . SpaceX said it will look at flight data to determine what went wrong with the three-engine version of the rocket . All about the landing It 's not how it flies up but how it comes down that makes the F9R a steppingstone to a Mars mission . The rocket has a landing gear -- four legs that stick out like an insect 's . So did its even shorter predecessor , which bore the name Grasshopper . Until now , American space rockets have never been designed to return in the same fashion or form as they departed . The bulk of the rocket was jettisoned into the ocean , or discarded in low orbit to fall back through Earth 's cosmic incinerator , or left in the eternal void . Whatever you wanted to keep -- solid boosters , capsules , astronauts -- had to be lowered with chutes or glide in on a shuttle . Not so the F9R . All of it , in one piece , slowly backs down to the pad it took off from , using its booster engines , and sets down gingerly on its feet . That makes it reusable , a characteristic useful for a future mission to Mars -- if anyone plans to return home from there , that is . Mars , here we come A trip to the Red Planet is the visionary call of the space industry . Mars One , a Dutch nonprofit , already is taking applications for one-way space pioneers who would spend the rest of their lives on a permanent Martian settlement . SpaceX CEO Elon Musk has a similar ambition : He foresees the human colonization of Mars and other planets as the next step in human evolution , according to the company 's website . There is also a less sexy but more immediate advantage to reusable rockets : They save tons of money . SpaceX 's large Falcon 9 rockets cost about $ 54 million each , the company says . That 's roughly the price tag of a smaller pre-owned passenger jet in good shape . But a jet flies multiple times . Making rockets reusable would cut space flight costs enormously , SpaceX says . That competitive edge could come in handy really soon . SpaceX and three other firms -- Boeing , Blue Origin and the Sierra Nevada Corp. -- are racing to develop a "  safe , reliable and cost-effective " means of transporting crew to low-Earth orbit , according a statement from NASA this week . The space agency plans to award , this month or next , "  one or more contracts " for commercial transport to and from the International Space Station . Mars hopefuls ponder life without families , favorite foods A short-hopper F9R rockets do n't rumble the earth with the kind of thunder that the space shuttles or Saturn V rockets once did , and the F9R is relatively small , comprising only one stage . It 's a sawed-off version of its parent , the Falcon 9 , the first rocket from a commercial company to fly to the International Space Station , according to SpaceX . Nine rocket engines fire up to boost the Falcon 9 into Earth 's orbit . Just three propel the F9R , which has only flown to an altitude of 1,000 meters  3,280 feet  . That 's less than twice the height of New York 's One World Trade Center -- a trivial feat for a rocket -- but coming back down from there in one piece is not . Rocket science is , well , rocket science , even for small rockets sometimes , and failures in various stages of space missions happen regularly . In mid-May , a Russian satellite launch went sour when the rocket veered off path , causing an emergency system to cut off propulsion . The rocket had traveled 100 miles high and reportedly burned up in the atmosphere on its way back down . It was at least the fourth failure by a Proton-M rocket , a legendary workhorse of the Russian space program . As Musk tweeted after F9R 's self-detonation : "  Rockets are tricky ... " Opinion : Why I signed up for a one-way trip to Mars	The rocket self-destructed as a safety measure It 's a common practice in the aerospace industry The experimental F9R can land on its feet and is designed to be reusable Reusable rockets could be useful for travel to Mars -- and back again
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- "  Men do n't play netball . " "  Men just jump like goats . " "  They ca n't handle it . " "  They are too serious . " "  They ca n't take abuse from the women . " "  They comPLAIN ! " That 's how a group of Kenyan women describe the game of netball in a new  pre-viral ?  video from a nonprofit group called Mama Hope , which seems bent on re-framing the way the Western world thinks of Africa , particularly African women . The group 's campaign , called "  Stop the Pity , " was launched here at the South by Southwest Interactive conference in Austin , Texas . The goal , as the title makes clear , is to help women around the world by empowering them , celebrating their successes , instead of feeling bad about the vast inequalities that do exist . As anyone who 's spent time in Africa will tell you , it 's a diverse continent that 's home to both immense joy and incredible sorrow . There 's no shortage of tearjerker statistics . The World Bank , for example , says nearly half of people in sub-Saharan Africa live on less than $ 1.25 per day . Thirty-seven percent of people who lack access to clean water live in that region . It 's also a hotbed for malaria , etc. . Intense inequalities do exist . But even numbers tell another side to the story , as The Economist points out in a recent article titled "  Aspiring Africa . " "  Consumer spending will almost double in the next ten years ; the number of countries with average incomes above $ 1,000 per person a year will grow from less than half of Africa 's 55 states to three-quarters , " the magazine said . And , most important : "  Africans deserve the credit . Western aid agencies , Chinese mining companies and U.N. peacekeepers have done their bit , but the continent 's main saviors are its own people . " All the more reason to celebrate Mama Hope 's efforts to focus on joy instead of suffering . The group 's videos build on a rising chorus of voices calling for change in the way people from richer countries see those who live in poorer places . A blog called Aid Thoughts has been posting examples of what it considers "  poverty porn , " or ads , videos and news stories that generally show Africans as one-dimensional victims . Others use the term "  badvocacy , " which the blog Texas in Africa defines as "  a good catch-all term to describe advocacy that begins with great intentions to help those who are suffering , but that at best accomplishes nothing or at worst actually makes the problem even more difficult to solve . " Laura Seay , that blog 's author and an assistant political science professor at Morehouse College , writes that advocates sometimes oversimplify issues or make them too sexy with the help of celebrities and flashy campaigns . The recently released video focuses on netball , a game it describes as a cross between basketball and ultimate Frisbee , because that 's what the women wanted to discuss . "  We asked the women what they wanted to talk about , " Nyla Rodgers , founder and "  chief visionary " of Mama Hope told me . "  They really wanted America to know how much they love netball . " And it does n't hurt that it 's tracked with Beyonce 's "  Run the World  Girls  . " Even if the Mama Hope video is highly produced , it 's still possible to appreciate the fact that it 's trying to promote empowerment and not pity or guilt . And the netball video is just one of several from the group . Another features a boy reciting the plot of an Arnold Schwarzenegger movie .  YouTube views : 640,000  . One shows men making fun of how Africans tend to show up in Hollywood movies toting guns and wearing scowls .  Views : 1.05 million They 're humorous and light . Designed to be shared . Rodgers says that 's what 's needed in 2013 . "  We have to have partnership instead of pity , " she said of the way the West interacts with Africa . "  Partnership does n't include pity . It includes seeing people as equals and being able to work with them on an equal partnership . " It 's an issue that 's personal for Rodgers . It started with her "  brother from another mother . " That 's how she explains her relationship with Bernard , a young boy in Kenya whose photo sat on her mother 's mantle next to Rodgers ' . "  I was always hearing about his grades and who his friends were , " she said . Her mom , a dance teacher and writer , had adopted the boy in a way , sponsoring community development projects in his village , Rodgers said . After her mother died from cancer in 2006 , Rodgers decided to visit the village and to meet Bernard . She told him , "  I 'm going to take care of you now . " On the surface , if that does n't sound like a "  white savior " moment , I do n't know what does . It conjures up images of condescending white missionaries trekking to Africa to dispense water , food and religion -- all to show their superiority . But Rodgers does n't see it that way . "  If anything , I was in the deep depths of despair , " because of her mother 's death , "  and I saw how connected life is , " she said . "  And that really saved me . " Mama Hope works with communities to start orphanages , improve sanitation and reduce poverty . But they only do so , she said , after living in the community for long enough that they can listen to people there about what problems could be solved with the help of outside funds or expertise . The group currently has 32 projects in four countries , she said , and an annual budget of about $ 500,000 . And the best way to promote that work may be to stop pitying the people she 's trying to help . They 're friends , sisters , brothers , neighbors , netballers . But not victims . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter talks with the woman behind a movement called "  Stop the Pity " The group unveiled a new video at SXSW that aims to shift attitudes about Africa Sutter : The group focuses on empowerment as a form of aid , not guilt
CNN  -- The weekend killings at a Sikh temple in Wisconsin have brought a furious fringe genre of American music out of the background and to the front of the mix . So called hate-rock bands like the one once led by temple gunman Wade Page are increasingly important to the U.S. white supremacist movement , drawing in new recruits and bringing in cash , according to groups that keep tabs on those groups . Page was shot to death by police on Sunday after killing six people at the Sikh temple in Oak Creek , Wisconsin , a Milwaukee suburb , investigators say . He led a North Carolina-based band called End Apathy for the past several years and played with several groups "  in the leading tier " of the genre over the past decade , said Devin Burghart , author of "  Soundtracks to the White Revolution , " a book on the subculture . Opinion : An American tradition of bigotry Bands like Page 's are instrumental to bringing disaffected teens into the movement , he said . "  They 're isolated individuals , often with behavioral problems , perhaps problems at home who are looking for a new familial bond as well as a sense of identity and belonging , " said Burghart , the head of research for the Institute for Research and Education on Human Rights in Spokane , Washington . "  So white-power music comes in , " he said . "  It bridges the gap between healthy youth rebellion and hardcore white supremacy , providing that kind of Aryan identity . " Once drawn in , hate groups "  get these younger kids to do their bidding , " said David Gletty , who once infiltrated the movement for the FBI . "  They brainwash them into believing that hate is the way to go and following them is the only way to go , and that there are other races of people that are against the white people , " Gletty told CNN . Meanwhile , the music has become a multimillion-dollar business for a handful of labels , Burghart said . Some of those may press as many as 25,000 copies of a well-known band , a respectable figure for an independent imprint , but most produce far smaller numbers of CDs or records . "  It really provides the bulk of the financing , such as it is , that neo-Nazi and related kinds of groups are able to earn in this country , " added Mark Potok , who tracks white supremacist groups for the Alabama-based Southern Poverty Law Center . The movement has followers in both Europe and North America . But in the United States , the First Amendment offers the bands and their labels a protection that they do n't have across the Atlantic . Many European countries have restricted neo-Nazi activities , symbols and statements since the horrors of World War II , so the recordings are traded largely on a black market there , Burghart said . White supremacist groups hold occasional music festivals that typically draw about 200 fans , usually held on rural private land because of the difficulty of booking public venues , Burghart said . They 're raucous , often violent affairs in which some of the fissures among different groups flare into "  fisticuffs and scuffles , " he said . And Gletty told CNN 's "  The Situation Room " that the crowds "  have the mindset of a pit bull . " Opinion : Sikhism respects all , even those who hate "  In one moment they 're like a mother pit bull licking their little puppies , and then , 10 seconds later , they 're just off the wall doing something crazy , " he said . "  Their mind snaps , but they love this ... the ones that commit this violence , they thrive on this , and most of them really feel that it 's the government pushing them towards this . " But while the stereotype of the skinhead is a brawling , blue-collar kid , "  today it 's far more of a middle class or even upper class phenomenon , " Burghart said . He cites the example of Benjamin Nathaniel Smith , a young neo-Nazi who targeted blacks , Jews and Asians in a weekend of drive-by shootings in Illinois and Indiana in 1999 . Police say Smith killed two people and wounded another 10 before fatally crashing a stolen minivan during a police chase . "  Ben Smith was recruited through the white power music scene , " Burghart said . "  He was from an upper , upper middle class family from the wealthy Chicago suburbs . He went to the most prestigious high school in Illinois . He came from a stable family and yet was attracted to the movement ... He 's more of the model of the folks today than in the past . " That has changed the movement around them as well , as members set up businesses ranging from tattoo parlors to cable-installation contractors to support their activities . "  It increases the desire for a kind of professionalization in the scene , " he said . "  So instead of doing this simply as a passion , as true believers , they saw a business model that they could bring to the scene . " Remembering the victims CNN Correspondent Drew Griffin contributed to this report .	White supremacist bands like Wade Page 's draw kids , cash into the movement Expert : Music "  bridges the gap " between youth rebellion and white supremacy Festival crowds "  have the mindset of a pit bull , " former FBI agent says
CNN  -- Bayern Munich failed to regain top spot in the Bundesliga on Saturday night after dropping points in a 1-1 draw at Hamburg . Hamburg took the lead in the 23rd minute when Jacopo Sala headed home from a Jose Guerrero cross . Bayern pushed for an equalizer but were frustrated by a resilient Hamburg defence but Croatian striker Ivica Olic found a way through in the 71 minute to salvage a point . The result completes a thoroughly mixed bag of results for Bayern since resuming after the Christmas break with four points taken from a possible nine . Their current indifferent form means that , thanks to a 2-0 at Nuremburg on Friday , Borussia Dortmund finish the weekend on top of the Bundesliga with 43 points with Bayern on 41 points . Third-placed Schalke also have 41 points after a 1-1 draw at home to Mainz . The visitors took a shock lead when Egypt striker Mohamed Zidan scored 15 minutes into his Mainz debut . But Schalke were back on level terms after an hour thanks to a strike from Nigeria striker Chinedu Obasi . Fourth-placed Moenchengladbach could only manage a goalless draw at Wolfsburg while fifth-placed Bayer Leverkusen also drew  2-2  with mid-table Stuttgart as both sides finished with 10 men on the pitch . Leverkusen had Czech Republic defender Michal Kadlec sent off midway through the second half for his second bookable offence while Stuttgart 's Cristian Molinaro saw red in the 92nd minute for striking Andre Schuerrle in the face . At the other end of the table , 17th-placed Augsburg earned a point with a 2-2 draw at Hoffenheim . Hertha Berlin lost 1-0 to Hanover , a result which lifts The Reds up to seventh .	Bayern Munich 's recent patchy form continues with a 1-1 draw at Hamburg Borussia Dortmund now two points clear at top of Bundesliga Schalke also draw at home to Mainz ; Moenchengladbach draw black at Wolfsburg
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- A bore hole reached 33 trapped Chilean miners Friday , officials said , but it must be widened before the miners can squeeze through -- a process that should take a few weeks . The "  Plan B " drill was welcomed by the jubilant workers as it reached its target in the mine 's workshop , 623 meters  about 2,040 feet  down , at about 10:30 a.m. ET Friday , officials said . "  Once we got back to drilling it went very good , the rock was real tough the last few hours , but we did it , " said Brandon Fisher of Center Rock Inc. . Miners assisted the operation by offering guidance for the drilling . The workers could be rescued , if all goes well , in late October or early November . Officials already are planning how they will bring the miners to the surface once a bore hole is wide enough for the task . The daunting rescue may require an oxygen-fed cage that will haul them up one at a time . The trip , which was first thought to require two hours , may be doable in 15 minutes , officials said . Friday 's development was bright news indeed for the miners , who will enjoy a feast and celebrate Chilean independence day Saturday . Plan B is one of three options for reaching the group . Drilling under Plan A will stop this weekend once the drill bit reaches 380 meters  about 1,250 feet  . The drill will receive scheduled maintenance before resuming early next week , engineer Rene Aguilar said . Engineers estimated that this plan would take between three and four months to complete the hole . The assembly of the drill to be used in Plan C has been completed , an official said , adding that he hopes it will begin drilling this weekend . Meanwhile , a senator representing the region said better government regulation could have prevented the situation . "  This accident could have been avoided and we could have avoided seeing the anguish of 33 families waiting for their loved ones to come home , " said Sen. Isabel Allende , who represents the Atacama region where the San Jose mine is located . "  This could have been avoided if we had businessmen with a sense of social responsibility . You can not carry out a mining operation at the cost of miners ' lives . " Allende -- the daughter of former Chilean President Salvador Allende -- said government regulators , who temporarily closed the mine in 2008 , should have been more vigilant . "  State organizations did not fulfill their role . Instead of shutting down this mine for seven months , they should have closed it for good , " she said . Two lawsuits filed last month alleged that the San Esteban Mining Co. , which owns the mine , violated laws in failing to provide sufficient security . The mine reopened in 2008 after a yearlong closure without the proper safety measures being put in place , including measures to shore up the rock face , according to attorney Remberto Valdes , who is representing one of the miner 's families . "  It has been proven , the mine did not have a second escape route and there was no ladder in the ventilation chimney , " Allende said Thursday . At the time when the suits were filed , there was no response from the mining company . But shortly after the mine 's August 5 collapse , company manager Pedro Simunovic said there was no way to know it would happen . "  This was impossible to predict , " he said , according to CNN Chile . Asked whether new laws are needed to enforce mining codes , Chilean Mining Minister Laurence Golborne told CNN that mining laws are not to blame for the men 's predicament . "  The problem was that the owners did not do what they were told to , " he said . "  Not because it was too expensive or they were greedy , but just because they did n't care . ... We have got good regulations but maybe we need to improve auditing of those regulations . " Representatives of the San Esteban Mining Co. have said previously they will collaborate fully with Chilean authorities and the Chilean Congress in their inquiries about what went wrong at the mine . The miners ' plight quickly caught the attention of officials and politicians . When the 33 first sent word that they were alive , President Sebastian Pinera triumphantly waved their written note before the media . Even though her Socialist Party opposes Pinera 's government , Allende praised his handling of the situation Thursday . "  This accident has increased the popularity of President Sebastian Pinera . It is something he has earned because he took decisive action to save the miners , and that has meant he has risen in the opinion polls , " she said . Allende 's father , who died in Gen. Augusto Pinochet 's 1973 military coup , completed the process of nationalizing the Chilean copper industry in 1971 . Average Chilean copper prices this year are near historic highs . But even so , Allende said her father would have viewed the current situation with "  great sadness . " "  He would see that even when the price of copper is high , that does not translate into better salaries , better working conditions or better safety , " she said . "  Businessmen have no greater social conscience and are no less voracious than before . " Earlier Thursday , Golborne expressed optimism that the 33 miners will be rescued in early November and maybe sooner . "  Everything is going a little bit better than anticipated , " Golborne told CNN about the Plan A , Plan B and Plan C holes being dug in an effort to open a passageway to safety for the men . Two bore holes -- each about 8 centimeters in diameter -- are currently being used to supply the miners . The first carries compressed air , water , communications and a constant supply of electricity to power lights that are used to simulate daytime and nighttime . Supplies -- such as food , clothing and letters -- are sent down to the miners via metal cylinders known as "  carrier pigeons " through the second bore hole . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Esprit Smith contributed to this story .	NEW : Jubilant miners will get feast , mark Chilean independence "  Plan B " drill reaches its target 2,000 feet down A lawmaker says government regulators did not go far enough Lawsuits allege the mining company violated safety laws
CNN  -- Racist abuse , missiles from the crowd , a pitch invader and five goals in an action-packed thriller -- Sunday 's 164th Manchester derby epitomized all that is good and bad about English football . On the field , Manchester United snatched a 3-2 victory that gave Alex Ferguson 's team a healthy six-point lead from second-placed Premier League champions City . But the non-sporting incidents continued -- in tune with more than a year of controversies that have plagued arguably the world 's most lucrative and widely supported domestic soccer competition , starting with the John Terry-Anton Ferdinand racism incident in October 2011 . Hooliganism was once known as the "  English disease " -- but the game 's malady is more pervasive than mere violence . This time Ferdinand 's older brother Rio was involved , being hit in the face by a coin as he celebrated Robin van Persie 's injury-time winner . While the former England international wiped the blood from his face , City goalkeeper Joe Hart intervened to confront a fan who had invaded the pitch -- police then hauled him from the ground . The Greater Manchester force also reported after the match that another man had been arrested inside City 's Etihad Stadium on suspicion of chanting racist abuse . "  It 's disappointing that after a great game and advert for the Premier League that we are discussing this issue , " said the English Football Association in a statement on Sunday . "  We will work with the clubs and authorities to identify those responsible and support the strongest sanctions available , including life bans . "  We condemn any such acts and it is simply unacceptable that any player is exposed to injury in this way . To witness Rio Ferdinand leaving the field with a cut above his eye to receive treatment is appalling . " United manager Alex Ferguson also condemned the transgressions , calling for action by the authorities as he cited similar problems during October 's controversial clash at Chelsea -- which saw ref Mark Clattenburg accused of racism before being cleared , and John Obi Mikel fined and banned for confronting the official after the match . Revived Torres fires up Chelsea "  It was disappointing that a supporter ran on the field after Rio had been hit by a coin in the eye , " Ferguson told MUTV . "  It 's a bit disappointing . The game did n't deserve that . "  I do n't know whether they 're going to stitch it or not . The same thing happened at Chelsea with all the carry-on when half a seat hit Michael Carrick and coins and lighters were thrown on . The game does n't need that . " City released an apologetic statement afterwards promising to investigate , but Ferdinand laughed off the coin attack as he posted on his Twitter account after the game . "  What a result , 3 points ! Sweet ! Whoever threw that coin , what a shot ! Ca n't believe it was a copper 2p ... could have at least been a # 1 coin ! , " the 34-year-old wrote . "  Respect to Joe Hart for protecting that idiot who ran on !! Love the banter between fans but there is a point when it goes too far ... calm it ! " The problems also extended to the internet , with the Greater Manchester Police reporting on Twitter that it is investigating reports of racist tweets . Earlier it had reported that a man had been arrested outside the Etihad Stadium on suspicion of ticket touting , but a prematch prediction from the man in charge of policing the game proved wide of the mark . "  I have every confidence this match will mirror the two derbies last season and the football will be the only talking point , " Superintendent Craig Thompson said . Last season City thrashed United 6-1 at Old Trafford on the same day that Terry clashed with Queens Park Rangers ' Anton Ferdinand . The fallout from that incident cost the Chelsea player the England captaincy , then he was cleared of racial abuse in court before being fined and banned by the English Football Association . Roberto Mancini 's team won 1-0 in the home derby on April 30 before claiming the 2011-12 league title on goal difference from Ferguson 's men on the final day of the season . Mancini 's role at the Abu Dhabi-owned club has become more precarious since then , with City crashing out of the UEFA Champions League at the group stage for the second season in a row . Sunday 's defeat ended City 's 21-match unbeaten run in the EPL , 15 of those this season , and halted a run of 37 matches without defeat at home which stretched back to December 2010 . Van Persie scored a last-gasp winner for United , firing in a free-kick that was deflected past Hart , whose team had fought back from a 2-0 halftime deficit . "  It 's very hard to lose a derby , but even more so in the last minute , so I 'm very disappointed , " Mancini said . "  We dominated the second half , and for this reason I am really disappointed . "  They scored from their first two goal-scoring opportunities but after that we dominated the game and fought back really well -- but we ca n't then give a goal away after working so hard . "  I think we made a mistake for the Van Persie free-kick at the end by only putting three men in the wall . I wanted four but I could n't get the instruction over and I think that cost us the goal . We should have defended this free-kick better and we had chances to win this game , but there is nothing we can do about it now . " United had conceded first in 15 of 23 games so far this season , but a double inside the opening half hour from Wayne Rooney -- which made the 27-year-old England striker the youngest player to score 150 in the EPL -- put Ferguson 's team in the driving seat . United winger Ashley Young had a goal disallowed for offside after Van Persie hit the woodwork just before the hour , and City reduced the deficit 60 seconds later through midfielder Yaya Toure before defender Pablo Zabaleta drove in a low shot from an 86th-minute corner . However , Van Persie had the final say as he netted his 11th league goal since signing from Arsenal for $ 38 million in August , with City midfielder Samir Nasri guilty of backing away in his position in the defensive wall and sticking out a leg to divert the ball past a helpless Hart in the second of four extra minutes . City substitute Carlos Tevez , who came on for Mario Balotelli seven minutes after the break , was lucky to avoid punishment after aiming a wild kick at United 's Phil Jones late in the match . Meanwhile , Everton moved up to fourth place with a 2-1 victory at home to Tottenham on Sunday thanks to injury-time goals from Steven Pienaar and Nikica Jelavic . Clint Dempsey had opened the scoring in the 76th minute for Spurs , who dropped to fifth above West Brom on goal difference . Liverpool claimed 10th place with a 3-2 victory at West Ham , as James Collins conceded a late own goal after Glen Johnson and Joe Cole scored against their former club .	Manchester United go six points clear in Premier League with 3-2 derby win Robin van Persie scores late winner against second-placed champions City Wayne Rooney put United 2-0 up inside the first half hour at Etihad Stadium City leveled through Yaya Toure and Pablo Zabaleta before injury-time free kick
New York  CNN  -- Politicians will be barred from speaking at this year 's commemoration ceremony on the anniversary of the 2001 terror attacks , according to the National September 11 Memorial and Museum . According to Joe Daniels , president of the National September 11 Memorial and Museum , the foundation "  is focused on honoring the victims and their families in a way free of politics , and this ensures that continues . " In a letter sent to victims ' families Wednesday , Daniels said that the reading of victims ' names by family members will be "  the exclusive focus of the program " during this year 's ceremony . 9/11 , ten years later Ground zero has a decorative history of politicians ' speaking at anniversary ceremonies , ranging from former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani to former President George W. Bush and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . Mayor Michael Bloomberg is chairman of the memorial foundation 's board of directors . Politicians such as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo are honorary trustees . At last year 's ceremony marking the 10th anniversary of the attacks that brought down the twin towers of the World Trade Center , President Barack Obama read a psalm . It 's been a tradition for victims ' family members to lead a solemn reading of the names of their lost ones during commemorations at the memorial site . In post 9/11 America , no one is untouched The reading of the names "  individualizes the masses of people who were killed . Those people were individuals who had individual lives , " said Charles G. Wolf , who lost his wife , Katherine , who had been working at the World Trade Center that day . But Bloomberg had publicly considered ending the tradition . "  Some people have said change is good , and the subject 's come up a couple times , and I think we 've said the foundation board will talk about this , " he said during a radio show in August 2011 . His comments brought much heat from some of the victims ' families , who have blamed politicians for delays in construction of the memorial museum . The museum was originally scheduled to open this year , marking the 11th anniversary of the terrorist attacks , but has been held up because of "  disagreements " with the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , Bloomberg said in a news conference last year . Bloomberg 's office declined to comment Thursday . Cuomo 's office could not be reached for comment . More than 3 million people have visited the memorial since its opening on September 11 , 2011 . "  We 're still dealing with this . Eleven years later , and we 're still talking about it , " Wolf said . The ceremony includes six moments of silence , representing crucial moments during the attacks on the twin towers and the Pentagon , and the crash of United Flight 93 in rural Pennsylvania . The making of a memorial : Reshaping ground zero	Memorial foundation "  is focused on honoring the victims and their families in a way free of politics " Victims ' families told the reading of names will be the "  exclusive focus " of the program Dignitaries from mayors to presidents have spoken at previous events Mayor Bloomberg had considered ending the recitation of names , drawing criticism
Jambalo , Colombia  CNN  -- The bodies of two pilots who were aboard a Colombian Air Force plane when it crashed Wednesday in a rebel zone in southwestern Colombia were retrieved Thursday . The plane had been supporting troops fighting rebels in the mountains near the town of Jambalo in Cauca province . Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia rebels said they shot down the plane ; government officials said the crash may have been caused by mechanical failure . Firefighters found the remains of one of the plane 's pilots at the crash site ; FARC rebels had removed the body of the other pilot and turned it over to the Red Cross . After the handover , a group of about 10 FARC rebels attacked army positions , firing homemade mortars called tatucos from atop a mountain upon which a 30-foot wooden cross had been erected . The firefight lasted for about 20 minutes , before the guerrillas escaped . There were no reports of casualties . The plane had been flying over the area in order to provide security for Wednesday 's visit by President Juan Manuel Santos to the nearby town of Toribio . Santos was there to meet with villagers over their demands that both government soldiers and members of the FARC leave the area . He has seen his ratings among Colombians drop in recent weeks because of the widespread perception that the security situation has gotten out of control during his leadership . CNN 's Esprit Smith contributed to this report	FARC rebels handed over one of the bodies to Red Cross officials Afterward , rebels fired homemade mortars at Colombian soldiers The plane crashed Wednesday during a visit by President Santos
CNN  -- England opener Alastair Cook just missed out on reaching a remarkable triple - hundred as the hosts continued to turn the screw in the third cricket Test against India at Edgbaston on Friday . Cook scored a career-best 294 as England racked-up a massive first innings total of 710-7 declared on day three , an unbeatable lead of 486 runs with two days play still remaining . And England 's position became even stronger when Indian opener Virender Sehwag was caught at slip for his second succesive opening ball duck , as the visitors began their second innings in disastrous fashion . However , in fading light , Gautum Gambhir and Rahul Dravid steered India to 35-1 at the close of play , still needing a mammoth 451 runs to make England bat again . India can not possibly win the match now , but they will need to bat for the remaining two days to salvage a draw , or hope that some bad weather finds its way to Birmingham . Starting the day on 456-3 , in reply to India 's score of 224 , England continued to plunder runs at will . And , after passing his second-ever Test double century , Cook looked on course to become only the sixth England batsman in history to reach 300 , and first since Graham Gooch -- also against India -- in 1990 . However , he was caught in the deep , off the bowling of Ishant Sharma , just six runs short of that famous milestone . Cook 's marathon innings of 12 hours and 47 minutes fell just half an hour short of the England record , set by Len Hutton , when making 364 against Australia at The Oval in 1938 . Their score of 710 was was England 's best for 73 years and their third highest of all-time behind the 903-7 declared against Australia at The Oval in 1938 and 849 against the West Indies at Kingston , Jamaica , in 1930 . It also leaves them perfectly placed to go an unbeatable 3-0 up in the four-Test series and secure the win that would see them replace India at the top of the Test Championship table .	Alastair Cook scores 294 as England dominate third Test against India Cook 's highest-ever Test score helps England reach 710-7 declared It is England 's third-highest ever Test score and their best since 1938 In reply , India have reached 35-1 , needing 451 runs to make England bat again
CNN  -- The threat of terrorism , the potential for protest , shoddy accommodation and even a lack of snow . Just four of the problems faced by organizers of the Sochi 2014 Winter Games , which came to a glittering conclusion on Sunday . After 16 days of competition , and a record 98 gold medal events , can Russia 's first ever Winter Olympics be labeled a success ? "  Russia delivered all what it had promised , " said International Olympic Committee  IOC  president Thomas Bach in his speech at the closing ceremony . "  What took decades in other parts of the world , was achieved here in Sochi in just seven years . " It followed comments Bach had made in his earlier press conference , when he posed the question : "  Let 's ask those who criticized the Games if they are ready to change their opinion . " With the Olympic cauldron now extinguished , CNN takes a look at whether the country 's $ 50 billion budget was money well spent . Accommodation When the world 's journalists arrived in Sochi the readiness of the resort 's accommodation was the subject of widespread coverage and some ridicule . Broken curtain rails , orange tap water and a shortage of available rooms dominated the pre-Games coverage . But as the Olympians arrived in the Black Sea , the reviews became altogether more positive . "  After five days I have no problems , " Russian speed skater Ekaterina Lobysheva told CNN . "  The accommodation has been great . " The village , however , was n't quite as advertised . Swimming pools were empty as the athletes began filing in and the landscapes around the blocks had not been developed as intended . "  In the brochure the organizers provided to the teams , this area was meant to be a bird sanctuary , but I do n't think they were able to plant the trees in time , " Team Great Britain 's short-track speed skater Charlotte Gilmartin told CNN . "  But apart from that everything else has been great , " she said . IOC chief Bach applauded the welcome Russia had afforded to the Olympians . "  I spent four nights in different Olympic villages and had an opportunity to learn the opinions of those sportsmen who are important to me , " he told reporters . "  None of the athletes uttered a word of complaint to me , " he said . And as the Games continued , any accommodation worries went out of the window as athletes became increasingly interested in each other . The dating app Tinder , which matches makes people based on their location , reported a 400 % day-over-day increase of new users in Sochi at one point during the Games . Some athletes including Slopestyle gold medal winner Jamie Anderson even admitted she had to delete the app in order to focus on competition . Weather Would there be enough snow ? Would it be too warm ? Just two of the questions frequently asked about the weather in sub-tropical Sochi ahead of Russia 's first Winter Games . Those fears proved wide of the mark with the conditions largely agreeable over the competition 's two weeks . Organizers were able to make enough of the white stuff and while a thick fog descended and forced the postponement of biathlon and snowboard cross events , on the whole the competitions were able to take place as planned . However , warming temperatures did lead to the deterioration of the halfpipe , the standout event of snowboarding 's Winter Olympic program . Before and during the Games , boarders expressed concerns over the condition of the pipe . Hannah Teter , a three-time Olympian and a halfpipe gold medal winner in 2006 , was particularly outspoken and even suggested the event be pushed back . But it went ahead as planned , despite Teter 's worries that the conditions prevented boarders from demonstrating the best of their sport . Sporting success Slopestyle 's Olympic debut was the highlight of an Olympic Games which showcased extreme winter sports like never before . The snowboarders and skiers who took to the snow at the Rosa Khutor Extreme Park captured the imagination of sports fans across the globe . The Dutch dominance of the speed skating events at the newly-built Adler Arena , where the Netherlands won eight golds and 23 total medals . of 12 gold medals on offer , is also worthy of note . But the Games did n't pass without controversy , notably in the women 's figure skating competition . The gold medal went to Russia 's Adelina Sotnikova , with many dismayed as to why it was n't awarded to South Korean defending champion Kim Yuna . An online petition was started to overturn the result which has so far attracted over two million signatures . "  The The International Skating Union  ISU  is strongly committed to conducting performance evaluations strictly and fairly and has adequate procedures in place to ensure the proper running of the sporting competitions , " said the ISU . "  The officiating judges were selected by random drawing from a pool of 13 potential judges . All judges in an event represent different ISU member federations . "  The Ladies ' free skating panel included judges from Canada , Estonia , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , Slovakia and Ukraine . And as no official protest was lodged with the International Skating Union , the decision stood . Doping Six athletes tested positive for banned substances during Sochi 2014 , most notably Swedish ice hockey star Nicklas Backstrom . That is in contrast to the one positive test recorded during the Vancouver Games in 2010 . Backstrom 's positive test was announced hours after he played for Sweden in a 3-0 defeat to Canada in the gold medal match on the final day of the Games . Austrian cross-country skier Johannes Duer was also chucked out of the men 's 50km , which took place on the final day of the Games , after testing positive for the banned substance EPO . "  The number of cases for me is not really relevant , " IOC chief Thomas Bach told reporters on Sunday . "  What is important is that we see that the system works . It shows that the IOC is serious with zero tolerance because the athletes have been disqualified from the Games . " Terrorism Two separate suicide bombings in the city of Volgograd , 420 miles north east of Sochi , sparked security fears ahead of the Winter Games . But those fears never materialized . Russia 's "  ring of steel " around Sochi and the increased police presence -- including 400 specially recruited Cossack soldiers -- prevented an attack in the region during the Games . CNN 's National Security Analyst Robert Baer suggests the calm in Russia during Sochi 2014 was due to the Federal Security Service  FSB  . "  They have enormous power in Russia , " said Baer . "  They did a bunch of raids , they locked down villages . "  They went to organized crime groups , Chechen in particular , and convinced them -- with money -- to close these people down . "  The Russians , when they want to do a lockdown , know how to do it . " Protest The Games were n't without protests , most notably by punk rock protest band Pussy Riot . A video released last week showed members of the band being beaten by security officials in Sochi as they tried to record a music video . The incident took place one day after two members of the band , Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , as well as journalists and Russian human rights activists were held in a police station just miles from the Olympic Park . A prominent Italian gay rights activist Vladimir Luxuria claimed to have been arrested during the Games . Luxuria , who become Europe 's first openly transgender parliamentarian when she was elected to the Italian chamber of deputies , was allegedly detained after displaying a banner which read "  Gay is OK " while watching the action in Sochi . Russian officials said there was no record of her detention . "  I think it is important  to have  the opportunity to talk internationally about these things because otherwise these things happen in Russia and nobody knows , nobody cares , " Luxuria told reporters . "  They think : ` Well , it 's not in our country , it 's far away , it 's in Russia , who cares ? ' "	Sochi 2014 came to a spectacular close with Sunday 's closing ceremony A Winter Games record of 98 medal events were held in Russia A reported $ 50 billion was spent in the hosting of Russia 's first Winter Olympics
A man suspected of involvement in the September attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi is being held in Libya , according to two sources who have spoken with CNN . Both sources confirmed the man 's name as Faraj al-Shibli  also spelled Chalabi  . One of the sources , who has been briefed on the arrest by Western intelligence officials , said al-Shibli was detained within the past two days and had recently returned from a trip to Pakistan . A Libyan source also confirmed that al-Shibli was in custody in the north African nation . The FBI was given direct access to him , and it interviewed him recently in the presence of Libyan authorities , according to the Libyan source . The Libyan government allowed one or more members of the U.S. law enforcement agency to question the man -- something that is not necessarily done when a person is detained in a foreign country -- around the time on Wednesday when its prime minister , Ali Zeidan , met with U.S. President Barack Obama . The United States has been pressing Libyan authorities on the Benghazi investigation , with FBI Director Robert Mueller traveling to Tripoli in January for talks on the case . It is unclear exactly what al-Shibli 's role might have been or whether he was present at the U.S. compound at the time of the attack . It 's also unclear whether his detention is likely to lead to charges in connection with the assault on the compound , which resulted in the deaths of four Americans , including U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens . Rep. Jason Chaffetz , a Utah Republican and a member of the House Homeland Security Committee , said Thursday that "  we think there are more than a dozen people involved in this . " "  The idea that potentially we have somebody ... it 's obviously positive news , " Chaffetz told CNN . " ... This is the most positive development I 've seen in the past six months . " Al-Shibli is the only known suspect in custody in connection with the attack in Benghazi . A 26-year-old Tunisian , Ali Ani al Harzi , was held in Tunis for several weeks in connection with the assault on the compound after being extradited from Turkey . But he was released by a Tunisian judge in January on grounds on insufficient evidence . And in December , a U.S. official with direct knowledge of the investigation said authorities were examining whether the alleged leader of a post-revolution terrorist network in Egypt had played a role in the September 11 attack . Mohammed Jamal Abu Ahmed was released from jail after the downfall of Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and is believed to be the driving force behind a new militant group , according to two U.S. officials . He is currently reported to be in prison in Egypt after being arrested in December , when police raided an apartment allegedly being used by a jihadist group active in Cairo . An associate of Abu Ahmed 's subsequently said that he had not been in Benghazi or anywhere in Libya on the day of the attack on the compound . Al-Shibli comes from a town called Sidi Armouma al-Marj , about 50 miles  80 kilometers  from Benghazi . He was a member of the Libyan Islamist Fighting Group , a militant organization that tried to overthrow the Gadhafi regime in the mid-1990s . In 2004 , the Libyan government reported al-Shibli to the United Nations as on its "  wanted " list and issued an Interpol "  Red Notice " seeking his arrest . It was the second warrant issued by the Gadhafi regime for al-Shibli 's arrest . In 1998 , he was named with two other Libyans as allegedly involved in the murder of a German counterintelligence official , Silvan Becker , and his wife , Vera , who were killed in the Libyan town of Sirte in 1994 . The Libyan authorities also issued an arrest warrant for Osama bin Laden in connection with the crime . Investigators have learned that he has had contact with the Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and al Qaeda members in Pakistan , sources said . However , some analysts have cast doubt on the Gadhafi regime 's assertion that Libyan Islamist Fighting Group members carried out the attack on the German couple . Jihadist groups are strong to this day between Benghazi and the town of Derna to the east , an area that includes al-Marj . Several groups are thought to have camps in the Green Mountains between al-Marj and towns along the coast . U.S. investigators have identified at least 15 individuals whom "  we 're taking a serious look at , " a U.S. law enforcement official said in January , indicating that some of them were identified on video of the assault . Ultimately , the official said at the time , "  we will get indictments , but it 's not possible to put a timetable on it . "	Libya let the FBI interview Faraj al-Shibli face to face , a Libyan source says He was detained in the last two days after returning from Pakistan , a source says Authorities do n't know his involvement in the attack that left 4 Americans dead Libya 's government issued an Interpol "  Red Notice " seeking al-Shibli 's arrest in 2004
CNN  -- The nation 's new "  first dog " has heightened interest in its breed -- Portuguese water dog -- but not necessarily a thorough understanding of the dogs ' needs , a pair of owners and breeders told CNN . Bo the Portuguese water dog meets the camera . Bo was a gift to the Obama girls from Sen. Ted Kennedy . The dog , Bo , has triggered "  the most publicity the breed has ever had since its introduction into the U.S. in the late 1960s , " the Portuguese Water Dog Club of America said in a news release . President Obama and his family welcomed Bo into the White House this week . Shortly afterward , the club 's Web site was receiving a million hits an hour , said Susan Teasley , a club member . Jane Harding , a fellow member of the club , said she has "  received about a 10 percent increase in calls " since Tuesday , and some of the other breeders she knows also have reported more calls . "  Thankfully , people want to know more about the breed , " Teasley said . "  But water dogs are not for everybody , and it would be sad to see people getting the dog without doing the proper research . " Portuguese water dogs are "  active athletes , " far from couch potatoes , she explained . In fact , they are more likely to rip a couch into pieces than lounge on it , Harding said , recalling a friend who had lost a sofa that way . Watch more water dog fun " Portuguese water dogs can be miserable and destructive when alone , Teasley said . And do n't think you can close the door and keep them out . "  They want to be with you at all times -- even if it 's in the bathroom or your bed , " she said . Teasley and her husband breed Portuguese water dogs and often allow them to run free on the two and a half acres of land they own . They are "  not apartment dogs , " she said . Harding agreed . "  They are n't for people who want a tie-out dog or an apartment dog . For people like that , " she joked , "  we recommend a stuffed dog . " Portuguese water dogs love the outdoors , particularly if they have a garden to eat from , Teasley said as she wrestled to keep 7-month-old Misty Morning from eating the family 's flowers . Harding said she believes the first family will be successful with their new dog because "  they have access to the best trainers , and they want to make this work . " For other Americans thinking about following suit , she cautioned , "  Buyers beware . Do your homework and first read the information on the breed . " Teasley wants people to understand the breed to help avoid what she called the "  Dalmatian syndrome . " After the movie "  101 Dalmatians " came out in 1996 , "  thousands of people rushed to get the dog , and thousands of dogs ended up in rescue kennels , " Teasley said . What those who followed the Dalmatian trend may not have known is that Dalmatians shed profusely and they develop hearing problems , making it hard to train and call them , she said . Both Teasley and Harding advised owners to get a mentor , as they expect Sen. Ted Kennedy to be to the Obama family . Kennedy owns Portuguese water dogs himself and recommended the breed to the Obamas . Watch Obamas introduce dog " "  For the first six to seven months of the puppy 's life , they need training , " Harding said . She has diligently trained 8-year-old champion Bessie , who she said "  produces phenomenal litters ... and has multiple titles " from the Portuguese Water Dog Club of America . Such organizations provide guidance to first-time dog owners . But it takes time to get a membership , Teasley said . Prospective members must apply for a one-year associate membership before they can receive a permanent one , she explained . That provides a cushion while they decide whether the dog is the right fit . "  It sounds like I 'm trying to discourage people from getting  a Portuguese water dog  , " Teasley said , "  But I 'm not . We just do n't want dogs to come back because owners do n't know what they are doing . "	Breeders fear too many people will try to get dog like the Obamas ' Bo Breeder : Portuguese water dogs are "  active athletes , " not couch potatoes They are more likely to rip up couch than to lounge on it Dogs bond quickly with family and want to be with them all the time
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The top U.S. commander in Afghanistan is expected to ask the Obama administration for additional troops and equipment , according to a senior U.S. military official familiar with Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's thinking . Gen. Stanley McChrystal 's report on the war 's status will be delivered in August , the source says . The request will be for troops and equipment for conducting intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance , as well as more assets to deal with roadside bombs and explosives , said the official , who declined to be identified because McChrystal 's request has not been formally transmitted to the Pentagon . The request could be made in coming weeks after McChrystal completes a "  troop-to-task review " to calculate whether there are enough U.S. troops in Afghanistan -- and the right mix of troops -- to carry out the military 's war plan at an acceptable level of risk , the official said . The review could also lead to a request for additional troops for either combat or training of Afghan forces , but the official emphasized McChrystal has not made a decision on that . The military already has tasked an additional 4,000 troops to train Afghan forces . The official said McChrystal is likely to submit his recommendations to Defense Secretary Robert Gates as a series of options , with each option having a level of risk attached to it . "  This will start the discussion " within the highest levels of the administration about whether to send a significant number of additional troops , the official said . Gates has signaled he would be open to sending more troops if it could be demonstrated they are needed . But he also has expressed caution that the United States not send so many troops that it has too heavy a footprint in the country . The troop-to-task review will follow McChrystal 's assessment of the war , due 60 days after he took command in mid-June . That report is expected to be sent to Gates and NATO 's secretary general by August 14 , the official said . It will discuss a detailed strategy for success of the counterinsurgency mission , such as the need for U.S. and Afghan forces to conduct more integrated operations and the need to focus on population centers . It is also expected to call for an increase in the number of Afghan security forces . "  This will be a really frank and honest discussion of how things are , and what it takes to get the job done , " the official said .	Gen. Stanley McChrystal also will ask for equipment , source says Request will involve intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance , source says More assets to deal with roadside bombs , explosives sought , source says
In America , summer holds a special place in our hearts : lazy afternoons , camping at the lake , warm evenings gazing at the moon . For children , especially , summer can unleash the free flow of discovery . For older children , summer often brings their first job . But this idyllic picture masks the reality that for too many children , particularly those from low-income families , languid summers can be educationally detrimental , and for families in which both parents work , summers are a logistical nightmare . Considerable research shows that the primary reason the achievement gap between poor children and their more affluent peers widens over the course of their school careers is the long break in learning over the summer . It 's called summer slide . During the school year , disadvantaged children manage to catch up somewhat to more advantaged students . But during the summer , they lose those gains while their more advantaged peers -- whose parents can afford to arrange for summer enriching activities -- maintain theirs . And a persistent achievement gap among children only leads to economic and social gaps that continue into adulthood . These gaps destabilize our society . Surely , eliminating the long summer break by making our school year longer , at least for schools serving poor neighborhoods , seems a ready solution to a problem that has enormously negative implications . An analysis of charter schools in New York by economist Caroline Hoxby revealed that students are most likely to outperform peers , both in traditional district schools and at other charters , if they attend schools that are open at least 10 days more than the conventional year . Families with resources can often find educational summer programs and camps that broaden their children 's skills and then figure out how to transport children to these activities . But even so , the question remains : Does it really make sense for children to be out of school for up to 12 weeks in the summer ? Requiring students  and teachers , for that matter  to stay in school for more days is complicated and must overcome at least two significant obstacles . First , more days of school usually carries a price tag to cover costs of additional staff time , transportation and keeping buildings running . Second , although public attitudes are changing , overhauling such an ingrained institution as the long summer break wo n't be accomplished easily . The response to the first issue is to weigh the long-term costs of the summer break against the short-term costs of a longer school year . Balsz Elementary School District in Phoenix , for example , has extended its school year to 200 days , paying teachers 9 % more to work the additional days . Since the longer year has been implemented , proficiency rates on state tests have risen , failure rates have fallen , and the achievement gap is disappearing . Clearly , the relatively small increase in budget yields large dividends for the students who attend . Students graduating middle school proficient in algebra and reading have opportunities open to them that are simply nonexistent for students at risk of failure . Then consider the Brooklyn Generation School in New York , which has developed a model in which the students in grades nine through 12 attend for 200 days , but the teachers , on staggered schedules , are there for only 180 . That means they earn salaries equal to their peers throughout the city . There is no shortage of innovation that can bring the benefits of a longer year to students . And what of the idea that summer should be a time of respite from the stresses of school ? There are two wrong notions wrapped up in this perspective . The first is that somehow summer is automatically a magical time for children . Such may be the case for children from middle - and upper-class homes , but for those whose families ca n't afford camp or other activities , summer is often a time of emptiness and tedium . As one Balsz fifth-grader , happy to be back at school in August , declared , "  Sometimes summer is really boring . We just sit there and watch TV . " The second , more significant , misperception is that school is automatically bereft of the excitement and joy of learning . On the contrary , as the National Center on Time and Learning describes in its studies of schools that operate with significantly more time , educators use the longer days and years to enhance the content and methods of the classroom . It provides more openings for hands-on learning , student collaboration and inquiry-based learning , where students push themselves to learn . Why should n't children have these same opportunities during the summer as they do in cooler months ? It is true that just having more time , whether it 's more days during the year or more hours during the day , does not guarantee a superior education . Educators must use that extra time well and be committed to addressing individual students ' needs and not waver in their drive for excellence . Yet , we do know that teachers who lack sufficient time with students , and students who spend too much time away from productive learning , are fighting an uphill battle in an environment where we hold increasingly high expectations for our children . There is no reason to scale back these expectations . Our future as a nation depends upon having a well-informed , highly skilled work force and citizenry . We should expect our schools to furnish today 's students with the education they will need to excel in our global society . But we must also be willing to provide schools the tools they need to ensure this outcome , including the flexibility to turn the lazy days of summer into the season of learning . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Jennifer Davis : Children lose educational gains in summer , do better with a longer school year Davis : Students from low-income families really fall behind peers with more advantages Phoenix district extended school year ; scores on state tests went up , she says , failure rates down All students do better , she says , and it provides opportunities for more creative teaching
Goodbye , free plastic toys inside Happy Meals -- at least in one major California city . A new San Francisco law goes into effect on Thursday that prevents fast-food restaurants from giving away trinkets , action figures and other toys in their kid 's meals unless their food meets nutritional requirements . Parents who order Happy Meals at the 19 McDonald 's locations in San Francisco will have to request the toy and pay 10 cents . That amount will be donated to the Ronald McDonald House of San Francisco . Burger King , which has 13 restaurants in San Francisco , announced that it will also offer kids meals ' toys for 10 cents . McDonald 's kid 's meals do not meet the law 's nutritional standards . The meals have to be less than 600 calories and contain fruits  a half-cup  and vegetables  3/4 of a cup  . They must have less than 35 % of the total calories coming from fat , less than 640 milligrams of sodium and less than 0.5 milligrams of trans fat . The current Happy Meal consisting of a hamburger , kid 's - size fries and a cola would meet the calorie , calories from fat , sodium and trans fat requirements under the San Francisco law . It would contain 500 calories , 125 calories from fat and 600 milligrams of sodium . But it would not meet the fruit and vegetable quota . The pickle and onion on the hamburger does not come near the required 3/4 cup of vegetables . The French fries do not count as a vegetable , according to the San Francisco Department of Public Health . The new law will affect about 50 fast-food restaurants in San Francisco such as Burger King , Carl 's Jr. and Subway . "  Our efforts are geared towards addressing childhood obesity epidemic , " said San Francisco City and County Supervisor Eric Mar , who proposed the ordinance . About one-third of children in the United States are either overweight or obese , according to data compiled by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Health advocates have long accused fast-food restaurants of enticing children to eat fast-food meals high in fat and sodium by using toys tied to characters in new movies . McDonald 's said in a statement : "  While we will fully comply with this law , we also have a responsibility to give our customers what they want . "  Parents have told us they 'd still like the option of purchasing a toy separately for their child when they buy them a Happy Meal or Mighty Kids Meal . " The announcement that the money from toys would go to charity was met by skepticism by Corporate Accountability International , a corporate watchdog group . "  As McDonald 's long has , it is again using a charity that helps children get well to defend a practice that contributes to a range of diet-related conditions like diabetes . Currently McDonald 's uses its contributions to the charity to defend the hundreds of millions it spends marketing its junk food brand to kids each year , " according to the group 's statement . The new ordinance has had a greater impact beyond San Francisco , Mar said . "  We inspired other local cities , parent activists and health organizers to take up the issue too , " he said . "  We started a national dialogue in San Francisco . It has become a national issue . " Similar initiatives have been proposed in New York in an effort to curb childhood obesity . And Santa Clara County initially passed the ban early last year . Mar said he met with several franchise owners in the city regarding the ordinance . Despite initial opposition to the law last year , he said that there 's growing awareness that having healthy options is good business practice . Earlier this year , hamburger chain Jack-in-the-Box announced it would discontinue kids ' toys in their meals for children . Also this summer , McDonald 's announced that it would revamp its iconic Happy Meal to contain healthier options . The meals will carry apple slices , reduced portion of French fries and a choice of beverage , including new fat-free chocolate milk and 1 % low-fat white milk , instead of defaulting to soda . The changes started in September and will spread nationwide by the end of March 2012 . However , the new version of the Happy Meal still does not meet the requirements of the San Francisco law . Although the San Francisco law has been criticized as legislating health and nutrition , Mar said the responsibility ultimately falls on the parents . But , fast-food restaurants play a role and "  benefit from the pester power of the kids of young ages , " he said . "  It 's our job as a local legislator to protect public health , " he said . "  Nothing is more important than children 's health . " He said the momentum for this law came from pediatricians and mainly parents who live in the lowest income neighborhoods . "  They were the main voices of our campaign , " he said . The long-term goal is to move children 's meals toward lower fat , sodium and calories , Mar said .	Law putting nutritional requirements on kids ' meals goes into effect Thursday McDonald 's will no longer give free toy in Happy Meals in San Francisco Lawmaker said he wrote the law to curb childhood obesity
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- A former government official was among 10 people killed in a bombing Saturday in Somalia 's capital , with Al-Shabaab -- the Islamist militant group that 's long been tied to violence in the region -- claiming responsibility for the attack . The slain official , Abdikafi Holowle Osman , was a former Benadir regional administrative secretary and an active campaigner against Al-Shabaab . He died when a bomb went off as he was driving in KM4 , a busy junction in Mogadishu , police said . Police Col. Kamal Farah said the explosive device was attached to Osman 's when it went off shortly after noon  5 a.m. ET  . Three security guards and six civilians who were nearby also died in the blast , according to Farah . Hospital sources said at least eight people injured were being treated at Media Hospital . Separately , there were no injuries after a device attached to the car of Somali lawmaker Abdullah Ahmed exploded outside a hotel near the port , close to the heavily fortified government district . The prime minister 's office indicated that a Somali citizen had alerted authorities that the car had been rigged with explosives . In a statement , Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for both Saturday attacks in the eastern African nation 's capital . Al-Shabaab official Ali Mohamed Hussein accused Osman of working with "  foreign spy agencies " based southwest of Mogadishu . Al-Shabaab is seeking to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , though it has carried out attacks in other African countries as well . A prime example of the latter was last September 's attack on Nairobi 's Westgate Mall , which ended with at least 67 dead . Somalia 's Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed issued a statement Saturday , sending condolences to the families of those killed in the latest violence . "  Shedding the blood of innocent civilians has no basis in our Islamic religion or in Somali culture , " he said . Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Leslie Holland and Samira Said contributed to this report .	NEW : Al-Shabaab claims responsibility ; says slain official worked with ` foreign ' spies NEW : Sources : 8 people injured are treated at a Mogadishu hospital In a separate bombing , a lawmaker 's car explodes but he is unhurt Al-Shabaab 's mission includes turning Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state
CNN  Rozalia Wolf was only 15 years old when the horror began . While most young girls worry about boys and homework , Rozalia Wolf spent her teenage days fearing she would not live to see the sun rise again . She spent a lifetime trying forget the horrors she had to endure at Auschwitz . This year she is turning 91 and for the first time she shares her story and tries to make sense of why she survived when so many others did not . Rozalia was living with her family in Krakow when Adolf Hitler 's troops marched into Poland in the fall of 1939 . "  Krakow was such a beautiful city before the Nazis came . One of the most beautiful places I have ever known " , she remembers . Over seven decades later , Rozalia 's memory is beginning to fade and she struggles to remember when exactly she was brought to Auschwitz , but she can not forget the day she arrived at the death camp . "  There were thousands of us , squeezed into wagons . Auschwitz was very close to Krakow , but they drove us around for hours , so we would n't know where we were ' " she says . "  I remember it was dark , but it looked like the sky was on fire . It was so bright . It was the gas chambers , they made it look like the sky was burning , " Rozalia remembers . The newly arrived prisoners had to take their clothes off and lie naked on the ground . Then the selection process started . Pregnant women , children , elderly people and anyone who was deemed unfit for intense physical labor were sent directly to the gas chambers . "  They told us to go left or right . One direction meant life , the other one meant death . I never knew which one I was going , " the 90-year old says . Suddenly a colleague of her brother 's was standing in front her . He was working at the camp . "  He recognized me and brought me some food . All of a sudden I realized I was naked . I was so ashamed I dropped the food . Later , he asked one of the SS officers to give me a pair of underwear . You can not imagine how cold it was . We were happy for every piece of clothing we were given . " The prisoners at Auschwitz were forced into excruciating physical labor , beaten , tortured and subjected to horrific medical experiments spearheaded by the SS Captain Dr. Joseph Mengele . Many of those who were not sent to the gas chambers died of starvation and illness . An estimated 1.3 million people were deported to the concentration camp and over 1.1 million were killed , out of which about 960,000 were Jews . "  We knew about the gas chambers . Every few minutes they sent people to die . I always wondered when it was going to be my turn , but I never gave up hope . Giving up meant you were going to die , but I wanted to live so badly , " she recounts her days at Auschwitz . She says it was her incredibly strong instinct to live that helped her get through every day . "  Even when they beat me I never cried . If they were going to kill me I did not want to give them the satisfaction of seeing me cry , " she explains . Looking back , Rozalia says it is hard to put the feelings into words . Prior to Auschwitz she was in a Krakow ghetto and the Plaszow concentration camp nearby , infamous for its sadistic treatment of prisoners . However , nothing compared to the horrors of Auschwitz , she recalls . "  One can talk about it and talk about it , but it is almost impossible to comprehend what a human being can endure and survive and what people can do to other people , " she explains shaking her head in disbelief . "  What kind of people are capable of doing this to other human beings ? They must have had families and children themselves ' " Rozalia still wonders today . "  I think they forgot how to be human , " she adds . As allied forces started closing in on concentration camps in Easter Europe in 1944 and 1945 , many prisoners were either killed or moved to concentration camps further West . In 1944 , Rozalia was transported to Bergen-Belsen , a concentration camp near Hanover , Germany . Between 1944 and 1945 the number of prisoners at Bergen-Belsen tripled from around 7,300 to 22,000 according to the US Holocaust Memorial Museum . Many detainees were women , one of them was Rozalia , and another one was Anne Frank . Bergen-Belsen became scene of sheer horror as the camp became increasingly overcrowded . Prisoners were starved for days , clean water was barely available and diseases started to spread killing tens of thousands in the beginning of 1945 alone . Yet Rozalia 's story of survival continued . On April 15th , 1945 , Rozalia 's ordeal ultimately came to an end when British forces liberated the camp . After the liberation , Rozalia first went back to Poland , then to Israel . In 1948 she moved to Germany . "  My husband fell ill and the best treatment was there , " she says to explain her move to the place that caused her so much pain in the past . Rozalia lost her family and her youth in the Holocaust , but she never lost her will to live . "  Maybe that is why I survived , I do n't know . I was also very , very lucky . It was a miracle , " she says . After the War she has tried not to think about what she had to go through . "  Life goes on , you know " , she says . Asked whether she would go back to see Auschwitz today , she said : "  My grandchildren have visited the museum at Auschwitz . I would n't go back , I have already been there . "	Rozalia Wolf , 90 , was only 15 years old when she was brought to Auschwitz Although her memory is fading , she can not forget the day she arrived at the death camp She says it was her incredibly strong instinct to live that helped her get through every day
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic has beaten Juan Martin Del Potro 6-3 6-2 in Saturday 's Cincinnati Masters semi final to continue his fine run of form in the build up to the U.S. Open . The semi final in Ohio represented a rematch of the bronze medal match at the London Olympics , which Del Potro won . The Serbian will face world number one Roger Federer in the final after he ran out 7-6 6-3 over his fellow Swiss Stanislas Wawrinka . Djokovic , who has lost in the final at Cincinnati three times before , always looked comfortable against Del Potro , with the Serbian showing the form that helped him win the U.S. Open in 2011 . "  I mean , the last two matches have been really , really good , maybe the best two hard court matches I 've played in last two weeks , " Djokovic told the tournament website . "  It 's a great stage I am in at this moment , playing another final of Cincinnati , too . So I 'm very much looking forward to trying to get the title . " The Cincinnati crown is one of only three Masters crown the former world number one has yet to win . Del Potro had several opportunities to take the lead , but struggled to make the most of his chances . "  I had I think six break point in the match and I did n't take one . Against Novak , or the top players , if you do n't take your opportunities , you will lose for sure , " the Argentine star told the official website . The 2009 U.S. Open winner , Del Potro was struggling with a wrist injury throughout the match , having to take pain killers at the end of the first set . "  I have experience in wrist problems , and I would like to take time to fix this little problem , " he said . Federer goes into Sunday 's final after a solid week in Cincinnati . He was pushed all the way by Wawrinka in the first set , but managed to show some of the form that took him back to the top of the rankings in the second and record a comfortable win .	Novak Djokovic topples Juan Martin Del Potro in first semi final World number one Roger Federer overcomes Stanislas Wawrinka Del Potro struggles with wrist injury Djokovic looking to overturn losing final record at Cincinnati
CNN  -- The business of saving lives can happen in the most unassuming of places : In the corner of a nondescript , dingy building in an unnamed West Coast city , in a small office that can barely fit four desks . Here , trained counselors take the calls of young people in crisis and those who worry about them . It 's the kind of place where the mere act of talking can eclipse the tragic , where people work to keep headlines -- like the story of Rutgers student Tyler Clementi -- from ever happening . Welcome to one of the two national call centers for The Trevor Lifeline , America 's only 24/7 crisis and suicide prevention hot line for lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender and questioning youths . The lifeline is a cornerstone of The Trevor Project , a broader nonprofit dedicated to promoting acceptance of LGBTQ youths and to preventing suicides . Between this center and another on the East Coast -- at least one is open at all times -- about 30,000 calls are fielded each year . They come from young people struggling with who they are and those who feel desperately alone . They are from kids who 've been kicked out of their homes and those whose friends have rejected them . They are from students being tormented by text messages and , at times , those who are poised with a bottle of pills or a gun . Anti-bullying resources for parents and teachers And they are from mothers like Angela Wedel , who dialed the lifeline when her love for her son just was n't enough . Garrett Wedel , 16 , was only 12 when he came out . He says he was too young to even imagine that parents might turn their backs on a child . Fortunately , his did n't . Even with his family 's acceptance , he kept to himself the stories about bullying . A couple of times , though , he could n't hide the depths of his pain . He 'd broken down and talked about ending his life , but in those cases , he could be soothed , and that seemed enough . Opinion : Being bullied is hell , but life gets better One time , though , was different . The family was on a ski trip during Garrett 's freshman year in high school . He 'd confessed by text his feelings for a close friend and had told the boy he liked him . The return call that he got , the one in which that boy told Garrett he could not be trusted and they could not be friends anymore , made him crumble . Angela did n't know what had happened , but she saw him race to his bedroom , and she followed . "  He was basically on the bed in the fetal position just crying and saying how much he hated life , did n't want to live , did n't want to go back to school , " she says , remembering that evening two and a half years ago and peering at her son beside her . "  He was just crying so hard ... and I could only comfort him so much . I held him . And that 's when I remembered that a friend had given me the number for The Trevor Project . " She 'd stored that number in her phone , just in case she ever needed it . Now she dialed . "  At that point I was out of resources , " she says . "  I was in a panic . I was frantic ... I could n't just keep saying ' I love you , I support you ' and move on . " The Trevor Project does n't publicize where the two call centers are to protect their 160 volunteer counselors , all of whom receive at least 40 to 50 hours of training before they take on shifts . Nor does it allow for outsiders to listen in on calls . But even a short glimpse into the West Coast call center helps one imagine what happened next . Wearing a headset , prepared with questions to assess risk , a counselor answered . "  A calming voice was on the other end , " Angela remembers . "  I talked to the gentleman on the phone , and he asked to speak to Garrett . " Her son spoke to the counselor for close to an hour . All the while , she was by his side , her arms wrapped around him , doing all she could . "  When I first heard the voice , I was just very relieved , " Garrett says , before adding what he remembers being told . " ` Calm down , Garrett . Everything 's going to be OK . Please do n't do anything . Ca n't we just talk for a little more ? ' And I think that really helped me ... it really calmed me down . " In a corner of the small call center office sits a short bookshelf crammed with titles including "  Out in All Directions : Almanac of Gay and Lesbian America , " "  The Meaning of Matthew : My Son 's Murder in Laramie , and a World Transformed " and "  Free to Be ... You and Me . " Posted on bulletin boards are talking points , lists of resources , contact numbers to use in case of emergency . The lifeline has a psychiatrist on call at all times . After Garrett finished speaking to the counselor , who encouraged him to call anytime , he handed the phone back to Angela . The counselor then gave her resources , names and numbers , she says , and "  he kind of gave me the strength and path to go down to get the help we needed . " He also gave her the reassurance that her son was not in the imminent danger she feared . "  We were still able to reach him and get through to him and talk to him , " she says . "  I knew he needed help , but I did n't know how to give it to him . And that 's where The Trevor Project was able to help me . " Teen 's coming out triggers bullying In the time since that call , Garrett says he 's become more able to reach out to others . He wo n't hesitate to speak with the counselors at school , and he 's found friends he trusts . This does n't mean , though , that the comments he hears in school or the looks he catches do n't affect him anymore . "  They still sting the same way , " he says . "  But I developed a support system . " And in those tough moments when those around him are n't available , or if he needs a different ear , he knows where to turn . Programmed in his phone is a number he can always call . To reach the Trevor Lifeline , call 866-4-U-TREVOR .	A friend 's rejection made Garrett Wedel crumble and left him saying he did n't want to live His mother remembered she had a number for The Trevor Project in her phone and dialed for help A counselor "  really calmed me down , " says Garrett , who holds onto the number years later The Trevor Project takes the calls of LGBTQ youth in crisis and those who care about them
The family of former U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati has a message for Iran 's new president : Their American son is not a spy , has never been one , and he should be released immediately from prison in Iran . "  I just ask -- I just want the president to consider us as an Iranian family , and that my husband is sick , and me as a mother I 've suffered a lot , more than two years , " said Behnaz Hekmati , Amir 's mother , speaking in halting English . The family made a plea in an exclusive interview to CNN on the eve of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani 's first visit to the United States , where he will attend the U.N. General Assembly . Amir Hekmati 's father , Ali , is ailing with brain cancer , and the family is imploring the Iranian government to release their son before time runs out for the elder Hekmati . "  Please just let Amir come home , " said Behnaz Hekmati . "  Amir did n't do any crime , he did n't do anything . Just let him to come home and make his family happy again . " This month , Amir Hekmati , 30 , wrote a letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry saying a confession he made to the spying charges leveled by Iran were "  false " and "  based solely on confessions obtained by force , threats , miserable prison conditions , and prolonged periods of solitary confinement . " Hekmati 's family said he had gone to Iran to visit his grandmother when he was arrested in August 2011 , accused by Iran 's Intelligence Ministry of working as a CIA agent . Born in Flagstaff , Arizona , then raised in Flint , Michigan , Hekmati graduated from high school and joined the U.S. Marines , where he served four years , becoming a rifleman and also serving in Iraq . His parents came to the United States in 1979 as the Islamic revolution spread across Iran . Two years ago Hekmati surprised his parents by telling them he wanted to visit Iran for the first time , to meet relatives he had never seen -- including his ailing grandmother -- and find his roots . "  We know there is a risk involved , " Behnaz Hekmati said . "  We were always cautioning . And me , as a mother , because I know , I grew up in that country , I always cautioned about , you know , if something happened . But my kids , they said , ` Mom , my friend , they went , they came back , you know . And nothing 's gon na happen . ' And they never believe me , you know ... that it 's very dangerous . " In August 2011 , Amir Hekmati called his mother from Iran to say he was having the time of his life and he would be coming home soon . He told them he would leave two days after a final farewell party his Iranian relatives were having on August 29 . That party came and went ; Hekmati never showed up . For three months , no one in his family knew anything about Hekmati 's whereabouts . Then one day in December 2011 , Iranian state television aired Hekmati 's purported confession he was a CIA spy , and announced that he was imprisoned . The suspect was "  tasked with carrying out a complex intelligence operation and infiltrating the Iranian intelligence apparatus , " Iran 's Press TV reported at the time . The family described being in total shock . "  That day we saw his face . And he was confessing ... he 's a CIA spy , and I said , ` Wow , ' " his mother said . Behnaz Hekmati has said all along that her son 's confession was fabricated and forced by his Iranian captors , a position the U.S. State Department supports . "  They had three months to make this story , " his mother said . "  They knew from beginning this is a good catch , you know . ... He 's a Marine . " She said she believes that 's why the family was not initially allowed to talk to her son . "  That 's why they did n't want us to talk to him . Because he 's going to tell us the truth , what happened , " Behnaz Hekmati said . "  And they just come up with this story . And an attorney told us same thing . He said , ` He did n't do anything . ' " Asked why it happened to his son , Ali Hekmati offered some thought . "  Naturally , we have some speculations that someone got jealous of him and did n't like the idea that he lives in America , and they are living over there in Iran , " his father said . "  That person  probably came up with some lies about him , called him a CIA spy ,  because  that was his original charge . " The initial charge and detention has stretched to a two-year ordeal . Weeks after his on-air confession broadcast on Iranian television , Amir Hekmati was tried in an Iranian court and sentenced to death . Months later , Iran 's Supreme Court overturned his death sentence and ordered a retrial . During his imprisonment , Hekmati spent 16 months in solitary confinement and went on a monthlong hunger strike . The Hekmati family has tried to bring public attention to Amir 's plight , hoping to secure his release . Letter after letter , plea after plea , Amir 's sister Sarah has struggled to get political support to intervene . Now that Iran has elected a more moderate president , Hassan Rouhani , in place of firebrand Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the family may have a better chance for his release . "  We just hope that we are reaching the ears -- especially now with this new transition in government in Iran -- the ears of the right people , " Sarah Hekmati said . The State Department has said Amir Hekmati 's imprisonment follows a pattern by the Iranian regime , which it says "  has a history of falsely accusing people of being spies , of eliciting forced confessions , and of holding innocent foreigners for political reason . " Hekmati is the latest in a series of Americans -- most of them Iranian-Americans -- to face arrest in the country in recent years :  In 2007 , Iran arrested several Iranian-Americans -- including Kian Tajbakhsh , Ali Shakeri and Haleh Esfandiari , who were all later released .  That same year retired FBI agent Robert Levinson went missing after last being seen on Iran 's Kish Island . Despite photos from his captors , his whereabouts are still unknown .  In May 2008 , retired Iranian-American businessman Reza Taghavi was arrested on suspicion of supporting an anti-regime group . He was released more than two years later .  In 2009 , three U.S. hikers , also accused of spying , were arrested and ultimately released .  Tajbakhsh was re-arrested in July 2009 amid post-election protests and a massive government crackdown . In March 2010 , he was allowed a temporary release that was later extended , according to the website freekian09.org . The Iranian-American scholar is not allowed to leave the country , the website says .  Journalist Roxana Saberi was arrested in January 2009 and convicted of espionage in a one-day trial that was closed to the public . She was freed in May that year .  Literary translator Mohammad Soleimani Nia was detained in January 2012  Christian pastor Saeed Abedini was reportedly detained in September 2012 Last week , Iran released at least a dozen other political prisoners , including one prominent human rights lawyer . Then , on Monday , the government released dozens more prisoners . "  My wishful thinking was praying and hoping that Amir 's name was among that list of people that were released , " his sister Sarah said . "  It was n't . But we 're not going to give up . " Behnaz Hekmati made a tearful plea to Iran 's new president , in English and Farsi , parent to parent , she says , to let her son come home . "  It 's more than two years , " she said , "  Just let Amir come home . ... Amir did n't do any crime , he did n't do anything . Just let him to come home and make his family happy again . "	Former U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati has been imprisoned in Iran for more than two years He was visiting family in Iran when he was arrested in August 2011 He wrote a letter to John Kerry saying his confession of being a CIA spy was forced His family is appealing to Iran 's new president , who 's attending U.N. General Assembly
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- The wife of Zimbabwe 's president has sued a Zimbabwean newspaper for $ 15 million following its publication of allegations that she was linked to and profited from illegal diamond sales in the southern African country . According to papers filed at the High Court in Harare Wednesday , Grace Mugabe , the wife of President Robert Mugabe , is suing The Standard for defamation after its report based on diplomatic cables released by the website WikiLeaks . The cables in question , from the U.S. Embassy in Harare , claimed that Zimbabwe 's first lady was among the senior Zanu-PF and government officials who were gaining huge profits from the smuggling of diamonds in the eastern part of Zimbabwe . "  The diamonds that are sold to regime members and elites are sold for freshly printed Zimbabwean notes issued by the RBZ  Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe  , " the paper quoted a 2008 cable as saying . "  The cables suggested that  the head of the bank , Gideon  Gono kept the money printing press running to finance the purchase of diamonds and this could have accelerated hyperinflation , which eventually rendered the Zimbabwe dollar worthless , " the newspaper charged . Grace Mugabe said in the suit that the report published Sunday by The Standard was "  false , scandalous , malicious and bent on damaging  her  reputation . " The documents said the newspaper wrongly suggested that Grace Mugabe had "  used her position as the First Lady to access diamonds clandestinely , enriching herself in circumstances in which the country was facing serious foreign currency shortages , which amounts should have been channeled to the fiscus . "  The imputation of such conduct on a person of such high standing , the mother of the nation , is to lower the respect with which she is held by all right thinking persons , to a point of disappearance , " the lawsuit said . Chris Mhike , an attorney for the newspaper , said the summons is being studied "  and in due course we shall respond . "  But looking at most of the claims , so far , I can say they are just meant to harass the press , " he said . Foster Dongozi , a spokesman for the Zimbabwe Union of Journalists , said the group was "  concerned " about the lawsuit . "  We condemn suing newspapers for merely reproducing something which is in the public domain . It is one way of trying to frustrate access to information , and to squeeze newspapers out of existence . As a union , we are really concerned that a crackdown on journalists may resurface , " he said .	The cables say Grace Mugabe and others profited from illegal diamond sales The Standard said the sales accelerated hyperinflation in the country A journalist group voices concern about potential fallout of the suit
Former teen idol David Cassidy faces his third drunken driving charge after being stopped for an illegal turn in Los Angeles on Friday night . Cassidy , 63 , blew .19 % -- twice the legal level -- on an alcohol test administered by the California Highway Patrol officer who stopped the singer-actor 's rented Chevrolet Impala , according to a CHP statement Saturday . The former star of the TV series "  The Partridge Family " was booked in a Los Angeles jail on a driving under the influence of alcohol charge early Saturday , the statement said . Jail records show he was freed on $ 15,000 bond several hours later . "  Cassidy was observed making a right turn on a red light , in violation of a black and white regulatory sign indicating , ` No Right Turn On Red , ' " the CHP said . The traffic stop happened off the 405 Freeway , near the Los Angeles International Airport . The officer noticed "  the odor of an alcoholic beverage was emitting from the vehicle " when he approached Cassidy , who was alone in the car , the release said . Cassidy was arrested on a drunken driving charge in Schodack , New York , last August after he failed to dim his car 's headlights at a police checkpoint , according to the police report . He blew a .10 in the Breathalyzer device , the report said . The legal blood alcohol limit is .08 in New York . Cassidy , who lives in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , entered a no contest plea as a first-time offender in February 2011 to a drunken driving charge that followed a November 2010 arrest in Florida . He was sentenced to a year 's probation and his driver 's license was suspended for six months for that conviction . He also attended a DUI school , paid a $ 500 fine and served 50 hours of community service . On the TV series , Cassidy played the eldest of five children of a widowed mother  Shirley Jones , who was Cassidy 's real-life stepmother  . The family , all musicians , traveled to gigs in a repainted school bus . When the show was canceled after four seasons , Cassidy launched his own pop music career , filling concert halls with screaming teenage girls attracted to such hits as "  I Think I Love You . "	Cassidy blew .19 % on an alcohol test , the California Highway Patrol says The singer-actor was charged with drunken driving in 2010 in Florida and 2013 in New York The CHP stopped his car after an illegal turn near the Los Angeles airport , it says Cassidy starred in the 1970s TV series "  The Partridge Family "
CNN  -- The oil and gas industry 's injection of wastewater deep into the Earth is "  a likely contributing factor " to the 50 % increase in Oklahoma earthquakes since October , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The jump in temblors significantly increases the chance for a damaging quake -- 5.5 magnitude or greater -- in the Great Plains state , the federal agency said . "  As a result of the increased number of small and moderate shocks , the likelihood of future , damaging earthquakes has increased for central and north-central Oklahoma , " the USGS said Monday . The increase in earthquakes "  do not seem to be due to typical , random fluctuations in natural seismicity rates , " a recent USGS statistical analysis found . Rather , a finding by the USGS and the Oklahoma Geological Survey "  indicates that a likely contributing factor to the increase in earthquakes is wastewater disposal by injection into deep geologic formations , " the USGS said . The Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association , however , urged a wait-and-see approach in judging the USGS 's assertions . "  Because crude oil and natural gas is produced in 70 of Oklahoma 's 77 counties , any seismic activity within the state is likely to occur near oil and natural gas activity . The OIPA and the oil and gas industry as a whole support the continued study of Oklahoma 's increased seismic activity , but a rush to judgment provides no clear understanding of the causes , " the industry group said . Between last October and April 14 , the state experienced 183 quakes of magnitude 3.0 or greater , the USGS and Oklahoma Geological Survey said . That is an increase from the state 's long-term average from 1978 to 2008 of only two magnitude 3.0 or larger quakes per year . "  The water injection can increase underground pressures , lubricate faults and cause earthquakes -- a process known as injection-induced seismicity , " the USGS said . "  Much of this wastewater is a byproduct of oil and gas production and is routinely disposed of by injection into wells specifically designed and approved for this purpose . " To better gauge the increased quakes , the USGS and Oklahoma officials have added monitoring stations , which now stand at 15 permanent facilities and 17 temporary stations , the agency said . In 2012 : Debate over fracking , quakes get louder What you need to know about earthquakes Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The place where two earthquakes hit every hour	Oklahoma sees 50 % jump in earthquake rate since October A ` likely ' factor for the increase is oil and gas industry 's wastewater wells , USGS says Industry group urges caution in rushing to any judgment USGS : Oklahoma now faces greater risk for a major one , 5.5 magnitude or greater
CNN  -- After years of challenging doping accusations -- and two days after giving up that fight -- Lance Armstrong said Saturday that he has no worries and , in fact , feels "  more at ease now than I have in 10 years . " The native Texan has long been one of the dominant forces in the cycling world , including amassing an unprecedented seven Tour de France titles . But his championship legacy , as well as those prestigious wins , may now be history after Armstrong announced Thursday that he would not participate in what he called a "  one-sided and unfair " process to challenge doping charges brought against him by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency . The famed cyclist 's decision prompted the USADA to ban the 40-year-old athlete from competition and strip him of his wins dating to 1998 , though there is a question of whether the organization has the authority to take such action . Your top Armstrong questions answered Speaking publicly for the first time since announcing his position in a statement , prompting the USADA response , Armstrong insisted he had no worries and was happy and "  focused on the future . " "  I do n't have anything to worry about , " he told reporters before Saturday 's start of the two-day Power of Four Mountain Bike Race in Aspen , Colorado . "  I 've got five great kids , I 've got a great lady in my life . I 've got a wonderful foundation that is completely unaffected by any noise out there and we 're going to continue to do our job , " Armstrong said , referring to his namesake charity that supports cancer patients and research . In February 2011 , Armstrong announced his retirement from professional cycling , though he continued to compete in triathlon events . Then , in June of this year , the USADA said it had filed doping charges against the cyclist -- accusations his attorney blasted as "  wrong " and "  baseless , " much like Armstrong has vehemently denied other such claims in the past . The USADA , a quasi-government agency recognized as the official anti-doping agency for Olympic , Pan American and Paralympic sports in the United States , accused Armstrong of using , possessing , trafficking and giving to others performance-enhancing drugs , as well as covering up doping violations . What 's behind the Armstrong headlines ? "  It is a sad day for all of us who love sport and our athletic heroes , " U.S. Anti-Doping Agency CEO Travis Tygart said in a statement Thursday after Armstrong announced he would no longer cooperate with the agency . "  This is a heartbreaking example of how the win-at-all costs culture of sport , if left unchecked , will overtake fair , safe and honest competition , but for clean athletes , it is a reassuring reminder that there is hope for future generations to compete on a level playing field without the use of performance-enhancing drugs . " Armstrong has called Tygart 's investigation an "  unconstitutional witch hunt . " But on Saturday , he made no mention of him , the USADA or performance-enhancing drugs . Rather , the athlete said he felt "  pretty good " and said it felt "  great to be out here . " As to the public 's reaction to his decision , Armstrong said that he believes they understand and accept his rationale -- including his desire to focus on other things besides fighting doping allegations . "  I think people understand that we 've got a lot of stuff to do going forward , " he said . "  That 's what I 'm focused on , and I think people are supportive of that . " Armstrong 's cancer foundation still strong	Lance Armstrong participates in a mountain biking competition in Colorado He talks 2 days after announcing he wo n't challenge a doping agency 's charges "  I do n't have anything to worry about , " he says , insisting he 's at ease with move An anti-doping agency has accused him of performance-enhancing drug violations
CNN  -- Hours before the United Nations General Assembly voted to recognize the Palestinian Authority as a non-member observer state , the official U.N. Twitter account made a very unfortunate one-character typo . "  On Day of Solidarity with Palestinians , Ban Ki-moon stresses urgency of reaching 1-state solution , " read the tweet . U.N. Secretary-General Ban supports a two-state solution . The erroneous tweet was up for more than half an hour before it was taken down and a replacement tweet posted . The @UN account has 1,129,488 followers and is part of an active social media program run by the U.N. . The person responsible , U.N. information officer Nancy Groves , quickly acknowledged her mistake on Twitter and explained the reason for the delayed correction . Twitter is an increasingly fertile ground for diplomatic communications around the world . An interesting project from Agence France Presse maps and measures diplomatic tweets around the world on its E-Diplomacy Hub . The project pulls from a database of more than 6,000 Twitter accounts , including heads of state and activists , and maps the communications on a constantly updated map . You can select a country to see top diplomatic Twitterers and hashtags . An index ranks the most active countries of the past 24 hours . As Twitter becomes a more common place for countries to communicate , directly or passive-aggressively , typos and mistakes will probably become more commonplace .	Offical U.N. account mistakenly tweets support for "  1-state solution " in Middle East Secretary-general actually supports two-state solution The Tweet was up for over 30 minutes before it was removed and a corrected tweet posted
CNN  -- The state of Pennsylvania gave us Joe Montana , Broadway Joe Namath and Smokin ' Joe Frazier . That 's a lot of big-time Joes . But added together their moral authority would total a tiny fraction of that established over a half-century by Joe Paterno . If I did n't know Joe Paterno was a real person , I would swear he was invented , a character in a sports adventure novel written for boys in the 1950s . There he 'd stand on the sidelines , hands behind his back , squinting in the sunlight , Joe Paterno , legendary coach at State College , the beacon of moral and physical courage , the shepherd of lost boys , pater familias in a place called Happy Valley . An author could not invent a better name : Joe Paterno . St. Joe , father of a holy family of student athletes . JoePa . Papa Joe . Pater , as in Latin for father . Eternal paternal Paterno . Our father , who art in trouble , hollow be thy name . You hear it all the time : "  Football is a religion in Pennsylvania "  Or Texas or Florida  . To the Penn State students rioting in the streets Wednesday night , Joe Paterno was pope , a word that also means father . Not only does pope denote the Catholic bishop of Rome , it now can describe , according to the American Heritage Dictionary , any "  person considered to have unquestioned authority . " The sacred role of the father as protector of the family is central to many cultures , including the Italian-American . This is not just a theory for me . Above my desk are three photographs : one of my grandfather , Peter Marino , as a young political candidate in New York City ; another of the ship that carried his family from Italy to Ellis Island ; a third , a copy of the ship 's manifest , which lists him , at the age of 4 , with his mother , father and two older sisters . They have 12 cents to their name . When in 1972 I called my grandfather  our name for him was Papa !  to announce the birth of his first great-grandchild , I could hear his tears , and then his words : "  Remember , Roy , the most important thing in life is family . " How many of us as children have invested our hopes and dreams in the patriarch ? "  The father is head of the family , " goes the familiar theological injunction , "  as God is head of the church . " What happens , then , when little Tony Soprano discovers that his beloved father is also the head of a Mafia family ? La famiglia . What happens when a beloved father abandons a family , or shames it ? Most of us can remember with exquisite regret the moment that our faith in a father or father figure was shattered , a loss that can carry dark consequences . Most institutions , even the Mafia , want to avoid scandal . The lower or higher the moral authority of that institution , the more that avoidance of scandal takes priority . Princes of the Catholic Church hid knowledge of sexual predation within their ranks , not because they wished harm to children , but because knowledge of that scandal would stain the soul of the Church -- and undermine its good works -- forever . Consider the Penn State scandal in the same light . Why did n't "  leaders of men " call the police on Jerry Sandusky , now accused of sexual assault , one of their own ? Not because they wanted boys to be raped in locker rooms . Silence and inaction ruled because exposure of abuse threatened to tear down everything that JoePa had built up , not just a team or athletic program , but a story he had written for the university : that honor , sportsmanship , academic achievement and traditional Christian American values could attach themselves to a multimillion dollar sports enterprise . Joe Paterno as BMOC : Big Man On Campus . Forever and ever . Amen . The word "  fan " comes from "  fanatic . " The "  enthusiasm " that rocks a stadium derives from the Greek word meaning "  to have God in you , " a word that once carried the negative connotation of zealotry . If my connecting Penn State to the Catholic Church  and to the Mafia  strikes you as offensive or at least out of proportion , consider how Ancient Roman it all is . It is the Roman Catholic Church after all ; and the Italian crime syndicates organized themselves like the Roman Legionnaires , with heads and heads of heads . As for Penn State ? Just stroll around the ruins of the Coliseum in Rome . Bread and circuses has evolved into something a bit more civilized -- beer and football -- but the purpose remains the same : to entertain and distract through a quasi-religious communal experience , an emotional ritual that serves as a substitute for war . A famous sports editor , Stanley Woodward , told his reporters to stop "  godding up " the athletes , to quit converting sweaty football players into the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse . The time may have come , through the excruciating agony of innocent boys , to stop godding up the coaches , and to dismantle brick by brick the arrogance of those who would turn a sport into a religion . Commentators on sports television and radio have raised their sanctimonious voices to instruct us that this scandal is "  not about football . " That 's like saying the sexual abuse of altar boys is "  not about religion . " The scandal at Penn State turns out to be -- as it always is -- more about the cover-up than the original crimes . The cover-up did n't work for Nixon , or Cardinal Law in Boston , or for Joseph Vincent Paterno . If JoePa has been the pope of the Church of College Football , he turned the rest of us into acolytes . How many of us learned to bow down and obey , leaving our skepticism outside the church door ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roy Peter Clark .	Roy Peter Clark : Legendary Penn State coach Paterno is like a mythical paternal figure He says loyalty to him holds echoes of Catholic , Italian-American reverence for pope He says perhaps Sandusky sex abuse hushed for fear it would stain soul of Penn State "  church " Clark : Time to dismantle this "  church " and stop protecting its fathers from their sins
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- North Korea , formally called the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea , is also known as the Hermit Kingdom for a good reason . Chinese border guards patrol in Jilin province across from the North Korean border on March 21 , 2009 . For decades , it has been shrouded by a veil of secrecy that has prevented us from better understanding this important nation . As journalists we seek out the realities of life there , beyond the myths and hype , but that is difficult because the DPRK is generally inaccessible to journalists . The gap between reality and illusion remains profound . Journalists , such as the two Americans being detained in North Korea , do travel to the border between China and North Korea to get a sense of what life is like in the isolated nation of 22 million people . The circumstances surrounding the journalists ' arrest are still unclear . "  North Korea is such a difficult country to enter for a foreign reporter that the temptation to slip across the frozen river border is considerable , " said former CNN correspondent Mike Chinoy , author of "  Meltdown : The Inside Story of the North Korean Nuclear Crisis . " "  If that 's what they did , however , it was extremely foolhardy and really pushing their luck . " China and North Korea share a 1,415-kilometer  880-mile  border that mainly follows two rivers . The Yalu River defines the border on the northwest , the Tumen River on the northeast . By land , the two countries are linked by seven road crossings and four railway points . Over the years , I have visited three towns on the Chinese side of the border . From a narrow river crossing at the border town of Tumen , Koreans cross on foot and in trucks . Those going back into North Korea carry bags full of food and household wares , even bicycles . Some of those coming into China ferry logs and minerals . From across the Yalu River in China 's Dandong City in October of 2006 , I had a glimpse of Sinuiju , a North Korean border town of some 350,000 people . Using a long camera lens , I saw school children learn to roller skate , and residents celebrating what looked like a wedding . Still the city 's decrepit appearance hinted at stagnation and isolation . It was a stark contrast from the Chinese city , which was ablaze in neon lights and a bustling commerce and trade . North Korea 's public face is one of smiling children , clean streets , manicured gardens , spectacular scenery and a stoic people united under the aegis of Kim Jong Il , known among Koreans as the "  Dear Leader . " I saw it up close twice , in 1996 and 2002 , when I had the chance to visit the most reclusive nation on earth . We were typically greeted by polite officials and smiling children and invited to watch spectacular performances with a cast of thousands . North Korea , however , remains isolated , diplomatically and economically , led by an erratic leadership that behaves out of fear and insecurity . Diplomatic sources in Beijing suggest that China is getting fed up with North Korea 's inability to preserve social stability and with its erratic behavior in the multi-national efforts to deal with North Korea 's nuclear program . Publicly , however , China sticks to the official line , often calling the two nations ' ties as close as "  lips and teeth " -- one can not function without the other . In my two visits to North Korea , I have detected conflicting signs -- one , of social instability and another of a tentative desire to experiment with reforms . In 2002 , the government tolerated some quasi-private businesses , raised civil servants ' salaries and deregulated prices of some commodities . But much of these tentative efforts to change seem to have been aborted and the country remains isolated and poor . What emerges is a nation , now considered a nuclear threat , desperately seeking respect and economic aid . That picture is now intertwined with the two detained U.S. journalists , Chinoy said . "  It will be interesting to see how the case is handled . North Korea has been in a generally more bellicose mood lately , " said Chinoy , who is currently a senior fellow at the Pacific Council on International Policy . "  The concern is that this incident could get caught up in the bigger picture of heightened tension between the north and the U.S. and the north and south . If it is not swiftly resolved , it will add to the complexity of the situation facing -LSB- U.S. President Barack -RSB- Obama , where he is under pressure from Seoul , Tokyo and some in Washington to get tough , while trying to find a way to get diplomacy with the North going again . " In recent years , waves of North Korean refugees have fled into China seeking food , jobs and freedom . In the border cities of Tumen , Yanji and Dandong , these refugees tell of misery and persecution . They live under the protection of relatives , friends and human rights activists . Here , people speak of a Korean "  underground railways " -- a network that smuggles desperate people across the border and eventually out of China . China is struggling to keep out the hundreds of North Korean immigrants and refugees , but stopping the exodus remains a tall order . A fundamental solution , analysts suggest , lies not in China but in North Korea , where many people are running away from humanitarian disasters and political persecution .	Secretive and closed off for decades , North Korea is known as the Hermit Kingdom By land , China and North Korea are linked by 7 road crossings and 4 railway points In recent years , N. Korean refugees have fled into China seeking food , jobs , freedom Tentative reforms have been aborted and North Korea remains isolated and poor
CNN  -- We 've all heard the old adage that travel is about the journey , not the destination . Now , a travel company in Taipei , Taiwan , is taking the concept so literally that it 's not even bothering to list the destinations on its newest city tour . That 's because not even the company knows where its customers will be heading once they 've booked a tour . The company is called Topology and its unique , experiential tour is called the Taxi Diary . ` We 're going where ? ' Though the results can range from mundane to memorable , the Taxi Diary concept is simple . Customers pay NTD1 ,000  $ 33  for the privilege of doing a ride-along in a local taxi for a four-hour stint . The tourists travel wherever the taxi is called upon to go by its normal customers . Topology -- the same company that let travelers to be a sweet potato mama for a day -- says the appeal of the tour comes from traveling to destinations entirely dictated by whoever hires the taxi . "  This idea came to me a long time ago when I was a passenger in a taxi , " says Peter Lin , Topology co-founder . "  That driver was so talkative that we chatted nonstop during the half-hour drive . He told me where to find great food in town . " "  Ever since , I 've thought letting taxi drivers and local commuters be city guides might be a good idea . " Topology 's Taxi Diary tour was launched last month . So far one traveler from the United States and one from England have tried the tour , according to the company . Those two tours ended up zipping past usual tourist spots such as Chiang Kai-shek Memorial Hall , Xinyi District and the Office of the President . They also took in places that are n't easily accessible to travelers , such as locations in New Taipei City , an hour from Taipei 's city center . Unknown alleys , dinner invitations Lin took a trial ride before the tour was officially launched . "  At first , it felt really weird , honestly , because we never sit in a taxi for such a long time and  never  meet people we are n't familiar with , " he says . "  But even for those of us who were born and raised in Taipei , we hit some alleys we 've never been to and saw scenes that we would n't see if we were on foot . It felt great . " Aside from new sights , Lin says the main draw of Taxi Diary is the chance to meet local people . "  Taiwanese are famous for our hospitality , so travelers can make friends with local commuters and the driver , " he says . "  One passenger invited Harry , our traveler from England , to her new house in the Linkou District and treated him a big meal with her family . " Finding the right drivers Finding taxi drivers willing to collaborate was challenging at first . "  We needed to convince drivers that this tour would n't impact their business , that it 's  actually  going to help due to the extra income they receive from the tour , " says Lin . Taxi Diary now works with five English-speaking taxi drivers . Signs displayed in each cab explain the tour concept to potential customers before they decide to hire the cab . Another bonus for the drivers , according to Lin , is exposure to foreigners . "  The drivers might not have too many chances to go abroad , but travelers can bring the world to them , " he says . "  Our taxi drivers are all happy to have the chance to connect to the world . " So what if there are n't a lot of passengers during a given tour ? "  This never happens , but our backup plan is to take travelers to traditional tourist spots and enjoy a local meal with the driver . "  Taxi drivers are the best tour guides -- they know Taipei so well and the meals they choose are always awesome . "  A journey is not about the sights , but about the insights gained from the experience and the people you meet . "  These are what make a journey unique and unforgettable . " Topology Taxi Diary ; NTD1 ,000  $ 33  for four hours ; discount of NTD350  $ 12  for the first three participants each month ; booking available online on the Topology website ; tours can accommodate up to two travelers .	A new tour in Taipei , Taiwan , allows tourists to do four-hour ride-alongs in local taxis Tourists go wherever local fares hire the cabs to go The appeal is going to unexpected locations and meeting chatty locals One English tourist was invited to a Taiwanese family dinner by a passenger in his taxi
Vladimir Putin was the first G20 leader to leave Brisbane . The Russian president 's jet lifted off soon as soon as possible -- after the final lunch of the summit meeting , but well before the final communique outlining the achievements of the summit had been announced . Given the mood of the summit , his speedy exit was hardly surprising . Putin had been a verbal punching bag for many of the G20 leaders , critical of Russia 's reported movement of new troops and weapons into independent Ukraine . READ MORE : Putin ditches G20 after verbal jabs Collective slight It started with a deliberate snub as he arrived -- welcomed at the airport only by a junior minister in Tony Abbott 's government . Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper greeted the Russian leader the next day with the words : "  I guess I 'll shake your hand but I 'll only have one thing to say to you -- get out of Ukraine . " European leaders , led by Britain 's David Cameron also had words for Putin , as did U.S. President Barack Obama . But Putin put on a happy face when he met Tony Abbott in front of the cameras on Saturday , despite the Australian leader 's comments only a few days previously -- accusing him , in person , of trying to "  relive past glories of the Soviet Union " in Beijing at the APEC summit a few days earlier . The Russian leader looked isolated throughout the Brisbane meetings , but he was n't the only leader to have a tough G20 . READ MORE : G20 agrees to boost growth Abbott 's travails The host , Tony Abbott also had a difficult summit . It began badly with his first comments to the cameras , as he sat with all G20 leaders at a private retreat . Instead of concentrating on the big global picture , the Australian prime minister chose to tell the most powerful leaders in the world about his own problems on the domestic front , including the difficulties of getting Australians to spend $ 7 in fees when they visited the doctor . As one delegate said later , imagine having to translate that to the Saudi leader at the meeting . Critics lined up to castigate the Prime Minister 's "  whinging " performance , with opposition leader Bill Shorten describing it as "  weird and graceless . " Carbon mis-step Abbott also pointed to his success in scrapping Australia 's carbon tax . Both the U.S. and Chinese presidents had just days earlier announced sweeping new carbon emission cuts to general praise around the world . Abbott was on the wrong side of the carbon debate throughout the summit , with his government trying to keep it off the official agenda , arguing that the main purpose of the meeting was economics . But , reportedly under strong pressure from both Europe and the U.S. , carbon emissions were part of the official final statement . Abbott also did not offer any financial support to Obama 's new $ 3 billion green fund to help developing economies combat the effects of climate change . Productive trip for U.S. . The fund was just part of a number of deals and initiatives announced by Obama during his three-country Asian tour . Trade deals and new climate change initiatives flowed from the U.S. camp , with the president clearly enjoying his trip , not to mention his rock-star treatment by students in Queensland and in Myanmar . Similarly , Chinese President Xi Jinping also had a good tour , starting with his own climate change initiatives announced at the APEC summit in Beijing , several new trade deals and a historic handshake with regional rival , Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe . Some commentators are suggesting it could be the beginning of a de-escalation of tensions between China and Japan over territorial disputes in the East China Sea . And it 's not over yet for the Chinese leader , who is staying in Australia for the time being . After addressing the country 's parliament , a "  speech of historical significance , " according to his Australian counterpart , he will next head to Tasmania , ticking off the last Australian state he has yet to visit . "  I do n't know whether I should get a certificate for that , " he joked . During his speech in Canberra , Xi announced a free trade agreement that will cover a raft of commercial and governmental deals between the two countries .	Russian President Vladimir Putin endures Ukraine criticism at global meeting in Australia Host Prime Minister Tony Abbott misreads mood on climate change U.S. and Chinese presidents enjoy comparatively successful trips
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Twenty-nine people convicted of various crimes , ranging from murder to being a public nuisance while drunk , were hanged in Iran , state TV said . A convicted Iranian drug dealer is hanged from a crane in the southern city of Shiraz in September . Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported earlier that 30 people would be put to death . It was not immediately clear if the last person 's life was spared . The Iranian judiciary 's statement said that all 30 were convicted of various crimes , which included : murder , murder in commission of a crime , disturbing public safety and security , being a public nuisance while drunk and being involved in illegal relationships -- relationships between men and women who are not married to each other . Kidnapping and using weapons while committing a crime were also among the charges . The statement also said that 20 of the convicts were convicted of drug and alcohol dealing , armed robbery and smuggling arms . The judiciary statement said that the convicts had their cases tried by the highest judicial authorities and were found guilty of the charges brought against them . The verdicts were final with their sentences carried out on Sunday . The judiciary said the hangings should serve as a warning to those who are contemplating committing such crimes , the agency reported . The statement also said that several other individuals are currently awaiting trial and their sentences will be carried out as soon as the verdicts are pronounced by the courts . According to Amnesty International , Iran executed 317 people last year , second only to China 's 470 . Iran 's government launched a campaign March 20 to increase public security and bring the crime rate down . Police cracked down on alleged drug dealers , whom they called criminal gang members , and alleged habitual criminals who use guns in the commission of their crime . Alleged weapons smugglers and people who break social and religious laws , including adulterers , were also targets . National television showed scenes of what were described as criminals being paraded publicly in chains as a deterrent to others . The wave of arrests has now subsided , as officials are now prosecuting the alleged criminals and sentencing those convicted . Journalist Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .	Twenty-nine convicts were hanged , according to Iranian state TV Convicts were found guilty of murder , rape , armed robbery and other charges Judiciary said hangings should serve as warning to those contemplating crimes
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal has been No. 1 in the world rankings before . In two stints , in fact . But it 's safe to say getting to top spot for a third time is a little extra special for the Spaniard . When Nadal reached the final of the China Open in Beijing , he was guaranteed of overtaking Novak Djokovic when the rankings are released Monday . The exclamation point for Nadal would be beating the defending champion in Sunday 's title match . "  This is  a great year , one of the best years of my career without any doubt , " Nadal said on the ATP Tour 's official website after Saturday 's semifinal opponent Tomas Berdych retired due to a back injury at 4-2 down in the opening set . "  It sure is special be back to the top position of the rankings after more than a half year without playing tennis . I worked hard every day with the right attitude I think , and because of that , I am today in this situation . I am number one today , but it 's not  assured  for the end of the season . " Not many , including Nadal , could have seen this coming . Last year , he suffered a shock second-round loss at Wimbledon and went on to miss seven months with a knee injury . There were whispers that he might never return to the tennis tour . He did , however , come back and since then has been almost unstoppable , capturing two majors in 2013 to lift his tally to 13 -- a mere four behind men 's record-holder Roger Federer . "  I wo n't go to sleep tonight feeling that I am the best player of the world . That 's something that I never thought , and I do n't think that now today , " said Nadal . "  I played a very complete season , and that 's why I am the best in the rankings today . " The 27-year-old 's record stands at a dazzling 65-3 , meaning he 's on course to put together one of the finest seasons ever in terms of winning percentage . Nadal suffered a first-round loss at Wimbledon this year to Steve Darcis amid speculation his famous knees were bothering him again . With his form uncertain heading into the US Open Series , though , Nadal captured the Canadian Masters in Montreal and Cincinnati Masters before finishing his North American road trip with an emphatic win at the U.S. Open . There he downed Djokovic . Whereas the Australian Open champion once owned a seven-match winning streak against Nadal , he has now lost six of their last seven tussles . "  I know tomorrow I going to have a very tough opponent , " Nadal said . "  I need to play my best , playing aggressive , playing without mistakes , being solid with my serve . If these kind of things are not happening , I will not have chances . "  I know what I have to do but it 's very difficult to do it , because the level of the opponent is unbelievable . " The Serbian reached the China final for the fourth time in five years after beating French fifth seed Richard Gasquet 6-4 6-2 in Saturday 's second semifinal , and will be seeking to add to his titles from 2009 , 2010 and last year . Nadal won the tournament back in 2005 , the year after it was reinstated to the ATP Tour calendar . The only major tournament Nadal has n't won -- apart from his majors , he possesses an Olympic gold in singles and has won multiple Davis Cups -- is the ATP 's year-end championships . But he 'll likely be the favorite for the November event in London . Although Djokovic relinquished his No. 1 ranking -- he has held it for 101 non-consecutive weeks -- he will lead Serbia when it faces the Czech Republic in the following Davis Cup final . Meanwhile , world No. 1 Serena Williams will face Serbia 's Jelena Jankovic in the final of the women 's event in Beijing . Williams crushed Polish third seed Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2 6-2 on Saturday , while Jankovic defeated last weekend 's Tokyo winner Petra Kvitova 6-7  7-9  6-1 6-1 . Williams is seeking to add to her 2004 China triumph , with the American aiming to win her 10th title this year -- the best on the WTA Tour since Justine Henin managed the same number in 2007 . Former world No. 1 Jankovic , seeded eighth this week , won the Beijing title in 2008 and was runner-up the previous year . She is one of only two active players to have beaten Serena four times or more -- the older Williams sister Venus is the other . "  She 's the best player in the world right now , " Jankovic said of the U.S. Open champion . "  She 's in unbelievable form . Even though I have beaten her in the past I think she 's the most difficult player to play against . "	Rafael Nadal returns to top spot in the world tennis rankings , overtaking Novak Djokovic Nadal last held the No. 1 ranking in June 2011 , before he was caught by Djokovic Nadal 's achievement comes after he missed seven months with a serious knee injury The Spaniard won two majors in 2013 to lift his tally to 13 , four behind Roger Federer
CNN  -- The London-based leader of one of Pakistan 's most powerful regional parties was arrested at his home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe , officials of his party said . Altaf Hussain , leader of Pakistan 's Mutahida Qaumi Movement , was arrested by London 's Metropolitan Police , MQM Senior Deputy Gov. Nadeem Nusrat told reporters in Pakistan . Hussain , 60 , leads MQM from the United Kingdom , where he sought political asylum in 1991 . MQM is the fourth-largest party in the Pakistani Parliament , holding 25 out of 446 seats , though it is a greater force in Sindh province , including Pakistan 's largest city , Karachi . Metropolitan Police said they arrested a 60-year-old man at a home in northwest London on suspicion of money laundering Tuesday morning , but they did not release his name . Hussain has been ill and was preparing to leave his home to get checked at a hospital when he was arrested , Nusrat said . "  Workers and supporters all over the world , including Pakistan , are very concerned and worried for his welfare , " Nusrat told reporters . Metropolitan Police said the man they arrested "  has an existing medical condition , " and that they were taking him to a hospital for a previously scheduled medical appointment . "  He will remain in custody of officers throughout , " the police said in a written statement . Details of the money laundering allegations were n't immediately available . Faisal Subzwari , a senior MQM politician , told CNN the party is cooperating with the Metropolitan Police investigation . After news of the arrest , MQM called for protests in Karachi , which turned violent . The party condemned the violence , blaming "  miscreants , " who have nothing to do with MQM , for what happened . The Prime Minister 's office similarly condemned the violence . "  Though , people are restive over the arrest , Law does not warrant the loss of people 's lives and properties on the pretext of reaction to the incident . The Prime Minister has directed the Government of Sindh and the law enforcement agencies to ensure the safety of lives and properties of people in Karachi , " it said in a statement . MQM is based in Karachi and is a force in Sindh province 's politics . It has the second-largest contingent in the provincial assembly , with 37 out of 130 seats . It styles itself as a voice for the downtrodden , the middle class and immigrants from nearby India , but political rivals accuse the party of using heavy-handed tactics , including intimidation , to stay in power . Hussain sought political asylum in the United Kingdom in 1991 because of an attempt on his life , the party has previously said .	NEW : MQM and the office of Pakistan 's Prime Minister condemn violence in Karachi Altaf Hussain , 60 , leads Pakistan 's Mutahida Qaumi Movement from the UK He was arrested at his London home Tuesday in connection with a money laundering probe MQM , a force in Sindh province , has second-largest contingent in the provincial assembly
Hong Kong  CNN  Zuo Zhijian says the heavy crush of bodies around him on the Shanghai waterfront left him unable to move his legs . "  I also had someone grabbing my hair from the back , struggling and breathing heavily , " Zuo said . "  A girl in front of me held me desperately and said , ` Help me , help me , please . I ca n't make it anymore . ' There was also a girl completely motionless underneath . " Zuo was one among many people caught up in the stampede on the Bund , an area along the Huangpu River in China 's most populous city that draws big crowds for New Year 's Eve festivities . He described his traumatic experience on Weibo , a Chinese social media platform on which he 's a verified user . The stampede , which began roughly 25 minutes before midnight , killed 36 people and injured 47 others , the Shanghai city government said . Many of the victims were female students , state media reported . ` Girls crying and shouting for help ' "  I was surrounded by the sounds of girls crying and shouting for help with their last strain of effort , and of people fighting and throwing curses at each other , " said Zuo , who works in the media sector . Another witness , 28-year-old Tian Ye , who works in import-export logistics , told CNN how he 'd gone down to the waterfront to enjoy the festivities because he lives nearby . Instead , he found himself only about 30 meters  about 100 feet  from the scene of the deadly crush . "  When me and other young men saw people had fainted , we rushed there to do CPR and carried them to the ambulance and police cars , " he said . The stampede lasted only about 30 seconds , he said , but it took about 10 minutes to carry everyone out . "  There were way too many people stuck down there without a clear entrance or exit ; people got stuck and panicked . A lot of police gathered in that central area , but more police could have eased the consequences , " he said . "  When someone fell down , people behind would think the crowd is moving , so more people were moving forward and falling . " He blamed what happened on overcrowding , people 's lack of awareness of how to protect themselves , and on heavy traffic that blocked ambulances from getting to the scene sooner . "  But I 'm happy to see everyone around me fighting to help others after the tragedy , " he added . "  No conspiracy , no predesign , it 's a tragedy triggered by multiple factors . We tried our best , wish them rest in peace . " Unconscious victims A third witness , Xiao Ji , said he was at the side of the mass of people as a night of celebration turned into scenes of horror . "  I stared for a while and then started pulling people out of the crowds , " Xiao , who works at a technology company , said on Weibo . Exhausted after hauling two people out of the crush , he said all he could do was "  hold their hands and try to cheer them up a little bit . " In the chaos described by Xiao , some people were trying to revive unconscious victims and others were simply wailing . Police officers were also trying to help . After he regained strength , Xiao says , he joined in again . A photo from China 's state-run news agency Xinhua showed people receiving treatment as they lay in the middle of a crowded street . Cause under investigation The terrifying crush left a grisly aftermath . "  People lying on the ground were a complete mess , " said Zuo . "  Their faces became unrecognizable . " It remains unclear what caused the stampede . Authorities are investigating what happened . Xinhua cited one unidentified witness as saying that people started scrambling after coupons that looked like dollar bills were thrown from the third floor of a building . But the Shanghai police said their investigation had ruled out this possibility . Police said that based on surveillance camera footage , the items were tossed about 10 minutes after the stampede and did not cause much commotion . They were coupons from a bar on the Bund . Zuo , Xiao , Tian and other witnesses also made no mention of the coupons in their accounts . And the English-language newspaper Shanghai Daily cited witnesses as saying that the stampede started "  when a large number of people trying to move up to the riverfront esplanade were blocked . " CNN reached out to Zuo and Xiao for further comment , but Zuo did n't immediately respond and Xiao declined to talk to the media . Event moved after problems Local officials had this year moved a popular New Year 's Eve light show from an open area of the Bund to a more enclosed area , citing safety concerns , Shanghai Daily reported . "  Last year , officials were caught off-guard when nearly 300,000 people turned up for the New Year countdown at the Bund , which led to traffic chaos , " the newspaper said . Officials canceled another New Year 's celebration late Wednesday in front of Beijing 's tallest skyscraper , citing safety concerns . Even with the light show and official countdown called off , many revelers remained at the location and had their own countdown there . Flowers laid at the scene The Shanghai stampede prompted scenes of anger and grief . Video from the Reuters news agency showed people sobbing in a hospital waiting room . One woman told state broadcaster CCTV that relatives had been waiting for hours for information about their loved ones . A photo from Agence France-Presse showed people facing off with security guards at a hospital . Dozens of people gathered at the scene of the stampede Thursday , laying bouquets of flowers on the ground . Police cars lined an intersection near where the deadly chaos took place . Chinese President Xi Jinping requested "  an immediate investigation " into what happened and said "  a profound lesson should be learned " from the events , Xinhua reported Thursday . Zuo spelled out what he learned from the terrible end to 2014 : Do n't attend big gatherings like that ever again . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote in Hong Kong and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Steven Jiang , Serena Dong , Yuli Yang , CY Xu and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report . Journalist Connie Young also contributed .	Shanghai police rule out rush for "  dollar coupons " as cause of stampede "  I was surrounded by the sounds of girls crying and shouting for help , " one man says Thirty-six people are killed , 47 injured , government says ; Many victims reportedly students
CNN  -- Bayern Munich 's momentous season continued on Saturday as they beat Freiburg 1-0 at the Allianz Arena to secure a new points record in the Bundesliga . Despite making 10 changes from the side which thrashed Barcelona 4-0 in the Champions League semifinal first leg on Tuesday , Jupp Heynckes ' still came out on top to record their 14th straight league win . Xherdan Shaqiri scored from a free kick in the 35th minute to give Bayern 84 points for the campaign , three more than the record set by Borussia Dortmund last season . "  I had warned my team about Freiburg before the game.They have developed very well over the last few years and that was a tough bit of work , " Heynckes said . "  But compliments to my team , they were very professional and very clever . " Watch : CNNFC Bayern , who wrapped up a 23rd league title earlier this month , play Barcelona in the second leg of the Champions League semifinal on Wednesday . Borussia Dortmund also followed up a stunning midweek performance against Real Madrid with a win , beating Dusseldorf 2-1 . Jurgen Klopp 's side , who take a three-goal advantage into Tuesday 's second leg Champions League tie at the Bernabeu , remain 20 points behind Bayern and eight points ahead of Bayer Leverkusen . The Bundesliga 's third-place side posted a 1-0 home win against Werder Bremen . Stefan Kiessling 35th-minute spot kick secures Sami Hyypia 's side a spot in next season 's Champions League . Fourth-placed Schalke play Hamburg on Sunday . Wolfsburg notched up a second successive league victory beating Moenchengladbach 3-1 to move up to 10th in the table . At the foot of the table , Greuther Fuerth 's relegation was confirmed on Saturday after 16th-placed Augsburg beat Stuttgart 3-0 . Relegation-threatened Hoffenheim also won on Saturday , beating Nuremberg 2-1 to keep their survival hopes alive .	Bayern Munich beat Freiburg 1-0 to overtake league points tally set by Dortmund in 2012 Bavarians now have 84 points from 31 games and stretch winning streak in league to 14 Second-placed Dortmund also win away at Dusseldorf
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A judge on Friday ordered actress Lindsay Lohan to remain in a drug rehabilitation program until January 3 for a probation violation . Lohan acknowledged in a series of Twitter messages in September that she failed the test and has a drug problem . "  Substance abuse is a disease , which unfortunately does n't go away over night , " Lohan wrote . "  I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps . " Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Elden Fox sent Lohan to jail four weeks ago , but another judge overturned the decision to deny the actress bail later that day . Lohan , freed on $ 300,000 bail after 14 hours in jail , voluntarily checked into the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , California , three days later . Defense lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley told CNN late Thursday that an online report that Lohan had left rehab was "  totally untrue . " The Beverly Hills courthouse has been the scene of several Lohan appearances over the past year related to violations of her probation for a 2007 drunken driving conviction . In July , Judge Marsha Revel ordered the actress to serve 90 days in jail and 90 days in rehab for violating her probation . The sheriff released her from jail after just 13 days because of overcrowding , and her rehab stint at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center ended after 23 days . "  She has learned her lesson , " Holley told Fox as the judge agreed to let her out of rehab early on August 25 . Fox allowed Lohan to live in her West Hollywood , California , home as long as she followed a new set of rules , including regular drug testing . If she was successful for just 67 days , her supervised probation would end , he said . "  She 's very serious about her sobriety , " Holley said . "  She looks forward to proving to the court that she is taking this seriously . " However , Lohan failed a drug test less than a month later , triggering Friday 's probation violation hearing . Lohan 's legal troubles began when she was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence , and in the second incident , she was charged with cocaine possession . The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills , California . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu , California , drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica , California , police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan 's acting career , which started at age 10 on a soap opera , took off on the big screen a year later , when she played identical twins in Disney 's remake of "  The Parent Trap . "	NEW : Lindsay Lohan ordered to remain in drug rehab program Her probation officer says Lohan failed a drug test in September Lohan acknowledged in September she has a drug problem The actress has spent the past 24 days in drug rehab
CNN  -- French league leaders Paris St Germain have confirmed the appointment of Italian Carlo Ancelotti as their new coach on a two-and-a-half year contract as a replacement for Antoine Kombouare , who left the club earlier on Friday . Ancelotti has been out of work since being sacked by Chelsea in May -- despite leading the London club to the English Premier League and FA Cup double in 2010 . He replaces former PSG player Kombouare who , despite leading the club to the top of the Ligue One table , has been sacrificed by PSG 's mega-rich Qatari owners who were keen for a bigger name to take over as coach . Out with the old and in with the new in 2012 The 52-year-old Ancelotti , who twice won the Champions League while in charge of AC Milan , is reported to be the highest-paid coach in French football history and his first match in charge will be a friendly against Milan in Dubai on January 4 . Ancelotti told a news conference : "  I am delighted to be here as coach of Paris Saint-Germain and I think I can do a great job to help PSG become a big club in Europe . "  The club has everything to succeed and has enormous ambition . I will do my best to learn French in the best possible way , although I 'd rather continue to speak in Italian for the moment , " continued Ancelotti -- who also confirmed that former French international Claude Makelele will be his assistant at the club . Kombouare , 48 , issued a statement on his departure , saying : "  I thank everybody who offered me support over these last few days . "  I leave Paris Saint-Germain with a sense of unfinished business but with the feeling of having given everything for the club . " Ancelotti 's appointment has increased speculation that David Beckham , who played for both Ancelotti , and PSG 's sporting director Leonardo , at AC Milan , could be the next big name arrival in the French capital . However , Beckham 's agents released a statement saying : "  There is no agreement with PSG at this time , an offer does not make a contract , we continue to hold negotiations with a number of clubs . "	Carlo Ancelotti has been appointed as the new coach of French side Paris St Germain The 52-year-old Italian has signed a two-and-a-half year deal with the big-spending club Ancelotti will replace Antoine Kombouare , who left his position earlier on Friday
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's memorial service will take place Tuesday morning in the Staples Center , the 20,000-seat coliseum in downtown Los Angeles where Jackson rehearsed his show the night before he died , according to a person who has been briefed by a representative of the family . Michael Jackson was rehearsing at Los Angeles ' Staples Center . His memorial will now be there . No other details about the service , set to begin at 10 a.m. Tuesday , have been revealed . Thursday , CNN learned the family trust created by Jackson to receive all of his assets includes his mother , his children and a list of charities , according to a person with direct knowledge to the contents of the trust . Katherine Jackson 's 40 percent share would go to Michael Jackson 's three children after her death , the source said . The children -- ages 7 , 11 and 12 -- will also share 40 percent of the estate 's assets and the remaining 20 percent will benefits charities designated by the executors of the will , the source said . Jackson 's will did not specify where he wished to be buried . Many of his fans had hoped they 'd get a chance to pay last respects at Neverland Ranch , which Jackson purchased in 1987 , filled with animals and amusement rides , and named after the fictional world in J.M. Barrie 's "  Peter Pan . " Planning had been under way for a motorcade to carry Jackson 's body from Los Angeles to the ranch in Santa Barbara County , California , which state and local officials suggested would be difficult and costly . A public viewing at the ranch on Friday also had been under consideration , law enforcement sources said . Gregory Son , a 31-year-old musician , was among many fans who had planned to ride to the ranch to say goodbye to Jackson . "  I think he was a modern-day prophet , " Son said outside Grauman 's Chinese Theater in Hollywood . "  We kind of lost our father . " DEA joins investigation On Wednesday night , a federal law enforcement official said Wednesday night that the Drug Enforcement Administration had joined Jackson 's death investigation , once again fanning speculation that drugs may have been involved in the pop icon 's passing . Two law enforcement officials separately confirmed the DEA probe , saying agents would look at various doctors involved with Jackson , their practices and their possible sources of medicine supply . Neither official wanted to be identified because they could not comment publicly on the matter . Officially , a DEA spokeswoman referred questions to the Los Angeles , California , police department -- which would not confirm the involvement . "  We routinely offer assistance to any agency regarding the Federal Controlled Substance Act , " said Sarah Pullen of the DEA . "  However , at this time , we have nothing further to comment about the death of Michael Jackson . " Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died on June 25 at his rented estate in Holmby Hills . The cause of his death , at age 50 , was pending toxicology results . On Wednesday , police released a car belonging to Jackson 's cardiologist , Dr. Conrad Murray . They had impounded the vehicle Friday , saying it might contain evidence -- possibly prescription medications . Police did not say whether they found anything . Murray 's lawyers issued a statement , asking the public to reserve judgment about the cause of death until the coroner 's tests are complete . "  Based on our agreement with Los Angeles investigators , we are waiting on real information to come from viable sources like the Los Angeles medical examiner 's office about the death of Michael Jackson , " the statement said . "  We will not be responding to rumors and innuendo . " The comments were in reaction to a claim by a nutritionist who said Jackson suffered from severe bouts of insomnia and pleaded for the powerful sedative , Propofol , despite knowing its harmful effects . "  I told him this medication is not safe , " said Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse . "  He said , ' I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep . ' " Will nominates Jackson 's mother as kids ' guardian Meanwhile , details of Jackson 's will -- written on July 7 , 2002 -- showed that the singer estimated his estate to be worth at least $ 500 million . In it , he nominated his mother , Katherine Jackson , as the guardian of his three children . If his 79-year-old mother is not living , "  I nominate Diana Ross as guardian , " Jackson stated . Singer Ross , 65 , is a lifelong friend of Jackson 's . The will said Jackson "  intentionally omitted " his former wife and the mother of his two oldest children , Debbie Rowe . It will be up to a court to decide who gets custody of the children , ages 7 , 11 and 12 . Rowe has not publicly indicated whether she will challenge the Jacksons for custody . The two men whom the will named as executors immediately filed a request to take control of the estate . One is John Branca , who represented Jackson from 1980 until 2006 and was hired again before the singer 's death . He helped acquire Jackson 's music catalog , which is worth millions . The other is music industry executive John McClain , a longtime Jackson friend who has worked with him and his sister Janet . The men said in their filing in Los Angeles Superior Court that control of the estate would allow them to tend to Jackson 's numerous outstanding debts , legal cases and business obligations . Judge Mitchell Beckloff held an emergency hearing Wednesday morning and decided there was no urgency to replace Katherine Jackson -- whom he appointed temporary administrator earlier this week . Another hearing has been set for Monday . -- CNN 's Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Michael Carey , Paul Vercammen , Carol Cratty and Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	NEW : Michael Jackson trust includes mother , children , charities Michael Jackson memorial to be Tuesday at L.A. 's Staples Center The Drug Enforcement Administration has joined Jackson 's death investigation Speculation about the role of drugs has been swirling since Jackson died
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush on Monday signed a bill that will pay for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan through the remainder of his presidency and into spring 2009 . President Bush on Monday said the men and women of the armed forces deserve "  our unflinching support . " The supplemental spending bill provides nearly $ 162 billion in war funding without the restrictions congressional Democrats vowed to put into place since they took control of Congress nearly two years ago . After signing the bill , Bush said the men and woman of the armed services are owed "  our unflinching support , and the best way to demonstrate that support is to give them the resources they need to do their jobs and to prevail . " Bush also said he appreciated that "  Republicans and Democrats in Congress agreed to provide these vital funds without tying the hands of our commanders and without an artificial timetable of withdrawal from Iraq . " Watch as Bush thanks Congress " "  This bill shows the American people that even in an election year , Republicans and Democrats can come together to stand behind our troops and their families , " Bush said . He also touted the success of the "  surge " strategy he implemented last year . "  Our troops have driven the terrorists and extremists from many strongholds in Iraq . Today , violence is at the lowest level since March of 2004 , " he said . "  As a result of this progress , some of our troops are coming home , as a result of our policy called ` Return on Success . ' We welcome them home . " White Houses spokeswoman Dana Perino called the bill a victory for the president . "  Because we have seen success in the surge , perhaps Congress decided that it was OK to allow the commander in chief to be able to move forward as he saw fit , " said Perino , noting the $ 162 billion was the same amount that the president had requested . The supplemental spending bill also contains a new GI Bill that expands education benefits for veterans who have served since the 9/11 attacks , provides a 13-week extension of unemployment benefits and more than $ 2 billion in disaster assistance for parts of the Midwest that have been hit by record floods . The signing comes two weeks before the deadline that Defense Secretary Robert Gates had established for the funds . Gates said he would consider laying off Defense Department employees to balance the Pentagon 's books if legislation was not signed by July 15 . Watch a progress report from the U.S. ambassador to Iraq " House Democrats had tried to include restrictions on war funding when they drafted the bill , but they were unable to overcome procedural hurdles that Republicans put up . A compromise version of the supplemental bill was later negotiated between Democratic and Republican leaders that included the war funding along with the GI Bill , unemployment benefits and disaster relief -- three top legislative priorities for the Democrats that Bush and congressional Republicans originally resisted . "  At a time when 2 million men and women have fought in Iraq and Afghanistan and when our troops have had to endure multiple deployments , stop-loss policies , insufficient equipment and an unclear strategy , giving them the opportunity to fuel our future economy is the least we can do , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said of the GI Bill after the Senate sent it to the president 's desk Thursday night . Congressional Democrats regained control of the House of Representatives and Senate after the 2006 midterm elections in large part to due to displeasure over the Iraq war . But Democrats -- lacking the 60 votes to overcome GOP filibusters in the Senate , let alone the two-thirds majorities in both the House and Senate to override a presidential veto -- have been unable to pass significant restrictions on war funding because Republicans , for the most part , have stuck with Bush on the war .	NEW : White House spokeswoman calls bill a victory for President Bush Bush signs supplemental spending bill with $ 162 billion for wars Legislation funds Iraq and Afghanistan wars through spring 2009 without restrictions Bill also contains veteran education and unemployment benefits and disaster relief
London  CNN  -- Sixty years ago Monday , a 25-year-old woman visiting a remote part of Kenya got a message that her father had died . She cut her trip short and flew home to London . Prime Minister Winston Churchill met her at the airport -- because with her father dead , she had become Queen Elizabeth II . Celebrations of her Diamond Jubilee , marking six decades on the throne , officially begin Monday and continue through June , when London will mark the anniversary of her coronation with festivities including up to 1,000 boats sailing up the River Thames . On Monday , the queen thanked the public "  for the wonderful support and encouragement that you have given to me and  husband  Prince Philip over these years . " She said in the open letter that she planned to "  dedicate myself anew to your service . " She called on people to "  give thanks for the great advances that have been made since 1952 and to look forward to the future with clear head and warm heart " in a brief letter that she signed simply "  Elizabeth R. " She was honored with a 41-gun salute in London 's Hyde Park Monday , and a 21-gun salute in Edinburgh , Scotland . Two new photographs of the queen were released Monday as part of the Diamond Jubilee celebrations , showing her wearing a necklace worn by Queen Victoria in her own Diamond Jubilee portrait in 1897 . She is the oldest British monarch in history , but has not yet passed her great-great-grandmother Victoria as the longest-reigning one . Elizabeth II was not in line to the throne when she was born April 21 , 1926 . But the fate of Lilibet , as she was known to her friends , changed when her uncle Edward abdicated the thone to marry Wallis Simpson , an American divorcee . That made Elizabeth 's stuttering father George king , and Elizabeth became queen when he died aged 56 following a lung operation . The queen seems to have inherited her mother 's longevity . Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother , as she was known once George VI died , lived to be 101 . The British monarch has no political power but Elizabeth has immense power as a figurehead . She is officially the head of state of 16 countries that used to be part of the British Empire , has met presidents and prime ministers , and has seen the world change beyond recognition during her reign . Following the queen 's visit to Ireland in 2011 -- the first by a British monarch since Irish independence -- Prime Minister David Cameron described the effect Elizabeth is able to have when she chooses . At a state banquet , "  suddenly she started speaking in Irish , in Gaelic , " Cameron recalled . "  It came as a complete surprise to everybody including the president  of Ireland ,  who looked around the room and mouthed the word ` Wow . ' It was that kind of moment . You do n't often get people at state banquets saying ` Wow , ' but it was a wow moment . " CNN Royal Correspondent Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : The queen is honored with a 41-gun salute in London She thanks the public for their "  wonderful support and encouragement " Celebrations of her Diamond Jubilee will continue through June Elizabeth became queen in 1952 on the death of her father George VI
MILAN , Italy  Reuters  -- A new theory that Leonardo 's "  Last Supper " might hide within it a depiction of Christ blessing the bread and wine has triggered so much interest that Web sites connected to the picture have crashed . Speculation over hidden meaning in Leonardo da Vinci 's famous fresco has crashed several Web sites . The famous fresco is already the focus of mythical speculation after author Dan Brown based his "  The Da Vinci Code " book around the painting , arguing in the novel that Jesus married his follower , Mary Magdelene , and fathered a child . Now Slavisa Pesci , an information technologist and amateur scholar , says superimposing the "  Last Supper " with its mirror-image throws up another picture containing a figure who looks like a Templar knight and another holding a small baby . "  I came across it by accident , from some of the details you can infer that we are not talking about chance but about a precise calculation , " Pesci told journalists when he unveiled the theory earlier this week . Websites www.leonardodavinci.tv , www.codicedavinci.tv , www.cenacolo.biz and www.leonardo2007.com had 15 million hits on Thursday morning alone , organizers said , adding they were trying to provide a more powerful server for the sites . In the superimposed version , a figure on Christ 's left appears to be cradling a baby in its arms , Pesci said , but he made no suggestion this could be Christ 's child . Judas , whose imminent betrayal of Christ is the force breaking the right-hand line of the original fresco , appears in an empty space on the left in the reverse image version . And Pesci also suggests that the superimposed version shows a goblet before Christ and illustrates when Christ blessed bread and wine at a supper with his disciples for the first Eucharist . The original Da Vinci depicts Christ when he predicts that one among them will betray him . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Theory says Leonardo 's "  Last Supper " might hide depiction of Christ Mounting interest in theory has crashed Web sites connected to the picture New image is produced by superimposing mirror image over original
Allan Levene really -- really -- wants to serve in Congress . So much so , that he plans to run in four states : Georgia . Minnesota . Michigan . Hawaii . It 's puzzling , but the Republican freely admits his strategy increases his odds of winning a House seat . As he sees it , all roads lead to Rome . "  No matter where you win a seat in Congress , you go to the same building . You do the same work , " he said . "  You can work for your constituents , which all have similar needs , but the key is you go to Washington and help solve the country 's problems . " Legally , his strategy is possible . But it likely will be a logistical nightmare . Running a congressional campaign as a political newcomer is tough enough . Multiply that by four and add a society that 's quick to shun "  carpetbaggers " -- people who move to a state to run for office -- and you get what some experts predict to be a waste of time and money . It appears Levene may be the first to try the unusual tactic . But what if he succeeds ? Is he blazing a trail for a new campaign model ? Jumping through the loophole The Constitution lists only a few requirements for a House member : Be at least 25 , a U.S. citizen for at least seven years and a resident of the state when elected . But the Constitution says nothing about primaries or the nominating process , and that 's the heart of Levene 's strategy . The top 12 campaign questions of 2014 Leaving out a rule that would prevent multi-state campaigns was an understandable omission by the Founding Fathers , Levene said . How could they have envisioned such an approach ? "  Back then they could n't fly from state to state , " he said . In Levene 's case , all four races are open , meaning there 's no incumbent . Two districts  $ " the ones in Georgia and Minnesota  $ " are considered safe for Republicans , while the other two are considered safe for Democrats . The four states only require candidate residency at the time of the general election , not the primary . They also do n't have laws prohibiting candidates from running in the primary if they 're attempting to get on primary ballots in other states . The Federal Election Commission tracks the money side of federal campaigns . It told Levene his mission was legal as long he kept his fundraising separate in each state , meaning he could n't raise money in Georgia and spend it in Minnesota . The FEC told CNN it has n't issued specific guidance on that kind of campaign strategy . ` All politics is local ' Levene , an avid blogger with some unorthodox ideas , has already created websites for each of his campaigns . But his true focus is on Georgia 's 11th Congressional District , whose current representative , Republican Phil Gingrey , is running for the Senate . Of the four states , Georgia holds its primary first , on May 20 . If Levene does n't win the GOP nomination , he 'll campaign in the other states . Minnesota , Michigan and Hawaii have nominating contests in August , just days apart from each other . Jordan Powell , a Republican political consultant based in Texas , said he 's never heard of someone trying to run in multiple states and argued it 's not a "  viable political strategy . " "  There 's two problems : There 's the practical day-to-day issues , like scheduling , fundraising , meetings , etc , " Powell said . "  If you get past that , you still have a problem , to me , with voters about political opportunism . " CNN Poll : GOP has edge in early midterm indicator A number of people , including Powell , brought up a common saying coined by former House Speaker Thomas "  Tip " O'Neill : "  All politics is local . " "  It 's very much true in Hawaii , " said David Chang , chairman of Hawaii 's Republican Party . "  People care what high school you went to , what nationality you are , what your last name is , how many generations your family has been in Hawaii , whether you know my auntie and uncle . " "  Being from the mainland and running for the office Hawaii , you have an uphill battle because of those dynamics , " he added . Levene has n't lived in Hawaii ; he has only visited the state . But he says he still has a plan specific to the Aloha State . He wants to bring more IT jobs and companies from California and make the island known for being more than a tourist hub . "  It 's clear that you need a noisy , loud congressional mouthpiece . I am noisy and I will put Hawaii on the map , " he writes on his Hawaii website . Born in London , Levene , 64 , first came to the United States when he was 21 and eventually became a naturalized citizen . He pursued a career in the IT industry and is now settled in Georgia , but he has lived in Michigan in the past , which is why he chose the Wolverine State as one of his "  four . " As for Minnesota , the 6th Congressional District has been a Republican stronghold for the past decade . Its current representative , Michele Bachmann , is retiring . Levene is attracted to races that would essentially guarantee him a general election victory if he wins the primary . "  The election process is about winning first and foremost , " he said . But three well-known Republicans have already been vying for the seat for months . "  The runway for candidates who are serious about it literally started the day Congresswoman Bachmann announced her retirement , " said Keith Downey , chairman of the Minnesota Republican Party . Downey had not heard of Levene 's plan to run in the state , but found it difficult to see voters gravitating toward an outsider . "  I would imagine , like in most places , Minnesota voters are a little more comfortable voting for their own and having some past connection to a candidate , " he said . Copycats in the future ? Levene is surely hedging his bets . But what if his plan works ? A source who worked to get Democrats elected to the House last decade seemed open to the idea . "  I wish we had known about that . Maybe we could have gotten even more Democrats elected , " the source said , somewhat jokingly . The source , who asked not to be identified , added the tactic could come in handy for candidates running in districts along state borders . 7 keys to the 2014 midterms Others had a hard time imagining the strategy becoming one for the textbooks . Powell said "  some of the practical decisions would be easier " in such a scenario , but the candidate would still have a "  messaging problem . " "  You 're still looking like you just desperately want to be in Congress , regardless of the district or the issue , " he said . Such an image does n't pass "  the smell test " with voters , he added . Another House campaign strategist , who asked not to be identified in order to speak more freely , had also never heard of the multi-state approach but said "  it 's something that a credible strategist would never recommend for any candidate . " "  You 're opening yourself up to several attacks , " the source said . ` Just ideas ' Levene realizes he will run into criticism and said he 's prepared to take on his opponents . "  I 'm not carpet bagging in the sense that I want to take advantage of the district that I 'm running for , " he said . "  I will work very hard for whichever district that I 'm elected to . " For Levene , he believes he must get elected to carry out his ideas $ " which include carving out a back-up territory for Israel inside of Texas , and creating a pathway for thousands of Chinese nannies to come to the U.S. and teach children how to speak Mandarin . "  Having ideas without going to Washington means they 're just ideas , " he said in his Americanized British accent . "  No one will pay the slightest bit of attention . " He also wants to eliminate corporate income taxes . To combat "  career politicians , " he wants to void pensions for members if they do n't leave office after four terms in the House or two terms in the Senate . Part of his rush to get elected stems from his expectation to live for only one more decade , a prediction based on family history . He 's also convinced the U.S. currency will collapse by 2020 . "  My job is to stop that from happening . " If he does n't win any of the races , he and his wife plan to liquidate all their real estate and other assets , buy Swiss francs and simply wait until the economy gets better . "  If what I want to do does not resonate with the public , then the public will choose somebody else , " he said . "  And that 's OK . "	Allan Levene wants to run for Congress in Georgia , Minnesota , Michigan and Hawaii Constitution and state laws do n't preclude the strategy Experts mostly say it could be a waste of time , but it could set a new campaign model It 's believed Levene is the first to try the approach
Jeddah , Saudi Arabia  CNN  -- The woman in the photograph 's face is almost entirely covered by an ornate mask-like piece of traditional Saudi jewelry . Almost like a niqab , it leaves only her eyes showing . Perhaps surprisingly , she is also wearing an industrial hard hat and safety jacket , and the photo is called "  I Am A Petroleum Engineer . " It is one of a series by the Saudi artist Manal Al-Dowayan commenting on the jobs that Saudi women do . "  We have this debate in Saudi about women 's employment , and some people say women should only work in jobs that ` suit their nature , ' " said Al-Dowayan . "  It 's a completely irrational discussion because who decides what suits their nature ? I started photographing amazing women working in all kinds of jobs to show that the argument is invalid . " Other photos in the "  I Am " series feature a Saudi woman doctor , computer engineer , TV producer , scuba diver , architect and interior decorator , all in similar poses with their faces partly covered . Al-Dowayan challenges Saudi customs in other works too . For "  Esmi  My Name  , " she asked hundreds of women to write their names on wooden balls , which she strung from the ceiling . It was her way of breaking taboo that prevents men from saying the names of women in their lives . Despite the controversial nature of her work , Al-Dowayan says she has had very little negative reaction at home . "  Whenever I do a work , people around me and my galleries get very worried , but in reality there 's incredible room for dialogue in Saudi Arabia . "  These are issues that have been discussed many times , and I 'm just bringing them into contemporary art , " she said . Al-Dowayan is one of 17 Saudi artists featured in the Edge of Arabia exhibition , which this year was shown in Jeddah for the first time after appearing in cities around the world since 2008 . It is the first major contemporary art exhibition ever shown in Saudi Arabia . "  Saudi art is absolutely booming , " she said . Many artists are gently pushing at boundaries and limits of expression in the socially conservative country . At Edge of Arabia , Ahmed Angawi built a giant ball from 3,600 microphones . He wants to place the microphones out on the streets of Jeddah , his home city , for a year to collect people 's random thoughts . "  In my mind , I was thinking , if I gave a microphone to Jeddah , what would Jeddah say ? " he said . "  What would it express ? " "  You need to talk and engage to get people involved to evolve as a society . People are afraid of talk . Much more , we should be afraid of silence . " But , he says , freer expression in Saudi will come as part of a gradual change . "  I firmly believe in change . But I firmly believe  in  change with an essence . You want it to be very natural . Sometimes fast change will affect people wrongly in the region . " The Edge of Arabia show came under the banner We Need to Talk , and was aimed at encouraging dialogue between artists and the community . "  Our aim is to deliver a message , " said curator Mohammed Hafiz , 36 . "  We want to let the world know what Saudi Arabia is all about , through the eyes of its artists . We know that we have a voice that we want people to listen to . We have thoughts and experiences to share . " Beyond Edge of Arabia , there are signs that the art scene is on the up and not afraid to say what it thinks . More on Inside the Middle East : Gaza music students find smart ways around travel ban Alaa Balkhy , a 23-year-old designer running a business called Fyunka , selling bags , T-shirts and notebooks , believes that Saudis are finally becoming proud of their own arts and culture . "  People are starting to appreciate each other within Saudi society and the art scene , " she said . "  If you see something made in Saudi people relate to it now . "  It 's very new . It 's growing and it 's amazing how fast it 's growing . "  We are trying to put a positive Saudi on the map . We really want to change the stereotype , and step by step we are doing it . " Balkhy 's first design was a bag called "  Daddy I want a Birkin , " an ironic nod to Saudi 's love of shopping for luxury goods , such as the expensive Hermes Birkin bag . Her designs are now sold through an online boutique in London , as well as in nine Gulf countries . She said : "  People are pushing the limits , but doing it step-by-step so people do n't get a big shock at once . "  We do n't have much freedom of expression or freedom of speech , but it 's amazing how people are saying what they want to say through social media and blogs , whether it 's a video , a YouTube show , an article , a design piece or an artwork . "  People will always find a way to express themselves . It 's human nature to want to say what 's on your mind . "  If people ca n't express themselves directly , they will do it indirectly . " More on Inside the Middle East : My Syria , by ` greatest living ' Arab poet In addition to the limits to expression , Balkhy faces practical restrictions through the ban on women driving and the guardianship laws , which means she must get permission from her father to travel and for many other daily activities . "  There are a lot of challenges to running a business when you are a girl in Saudi , " she said . "  I imagine it would be easier if I could drive , but I 'm proud that I 've achieved so much without . "  My dad gives me all the permission to travel I need , but it saddens me that some girls have so much potential to creating something , but their families and society are so limiting . "  I 'm 23 and my little brother is 18 , but in Saudi he is a grownup and I 'm not . "	Edge of Arabia show in Saudi Arabia for the first time after three years touring the world Art is booming in Saudi and reflects a new national pride , say artists Artists gently pushing at social boundaries in conservative country
CNN  -- A U.S. journalist missing in Syria for nearly six months is most likely in Syrian government custody , according to the GlobalPost , an online international news outlet , and the man 's brother . Gunmen kidnapped James Foley on November 22 and his family has since worked to obtain his release . Foley , a free-lance journalist , contributed stories to the GlobalPost . According to a GlobalPost story on Friday , its CEO and president , Philip Balboni , said in a speech marking World Press Freedom Day that the outlet has a "  very high degree of confidence " that Foley was "  most likely abducted by a pro-regime militia group and turned over to Syrian government forces . " "  We have obtained multiple independent reports from very credible confidential sources who have both indirect and direct access that confirm our assessment that Jim is now being held by the Syrian government in a prison or detention facility in the Damascus area , " Balboni said . "  We further believe that this facility is under the control of the Syrian Air Force Intelligence service . Based on what we have learned , it is likely Jim is being held with one or more Western journalists , including most likely at least one other American . " Another American journalist , Austin Tice , also is missing in Syria . READ MORE : Missing American journalist 's parents : Send our son home from Syria for Christmas According to the report , Balboni said that GlobalPost representatives were meeting with the Syrian ambassador to Lebanon in Beirut to muster support . The ambassador has delivered letters to the Syrian ministries of defense , interior , information and foreign affairs , GlobalPost said . Michael Foley , James Foley 's brother , told CNN that information from "  highly credible sources " indicates that "  the Syrian government is holding him right now . " He would n't elaborate . The Syrian government , however , has so far not acknowledged knowing of Foley 's whereabouts . "  We continue to explore all avenues privately and through diplomatic channels to convince the Syrian government to release Jim so that he can return to his family , " Balboni said . "  We remain hopeful and totally committed to bringing Jim Foley home safely and as quickly as possible . " GlobalPost said Foley was in a car heading for the Turkish border when , an eyewitness said , an unmarked car intercepted the journalist . "  The witness said men holding Kalashnikovs shot into the air and forced Foley out of the car . That was the last anyone heard from him , " GlobalPost reported . Foley was taken along with others in Libya in 2011 . He and three other journalists were released by the Libyan military in May 2011 . READ RELATED : Officials : Four Italian journalists released from captivity in Syria CNN 's Pauline Kim contributed to this report	Foley went missing in November after his car was stopped by gunmen GlobalPost officials have been meeting with Syria 's ambassador to Lebanon He might be in a government facility in the Damascus area , the news outlet says
CNN  -- The number of people with dementia globally is estimated to nearly double every 20 years , according to a report released Monday for World Alzheimer 's Day . It 's common for people with Alzheimer 's or other types of dementia to wander from their homes . Much of the growth will be fueled by longer life spans and population growth , especially in developing nations . "  Over the next 20 years , the numbers of people with dementia are anticipated to increase by 40 percent in Europe , 63 percent in North America , 77 percent in the southern Latin America ... and 89 percent in the developed Asia Pacific countries , " the report said . "  In comparison , the percentage increase is expected to be 117 percent in East Asia , 107 percent in South Asia , 134-146 percent in the rest of Latin America , and 125 percent in North Africa and the Middle East . " By 2010 , an estimated 35.6 million people around the world will be living with dementia . The number is expected to hit 65.7 million in 2030 and 115.4 million in 2050 . One in seven Americans age 71 and older , or about 3.4 million , have dementia , according to the National Institutes of Health . In this age group , 2.4 million people have Alzheimer 's disease , NIH research has shown . Alzheimer 's disease is the most common cause of dementia , according to the Mayo Clinic . Some of the causes of the disease are believed to be genetic , while others are thought to be preventable . Studies have shown that physical exercise , the kind that keeps the heart healthy , also keeps the brain healthy , according to the National Institutes of Health 's Cognitive and Emotional Health Project . Mental stimulation can help too . "  Our brains can be made stronger through exercise , " Andrew Carle , assistant professor in the department of health administration and policy at George Mason University , told CNN late last year . "  In the same way physical exercise can delay many of the effects of aging on the body , there 's some evidence cognitive exercise can at least delay the onset of Alzheimer 's . " A combination of antioxidants , supplements and curry may also help . Vitamins A , C , and E are antioxidants , which prevent cell damage and are believed to slow down diseases of aging , said Edythe London , a professor of psychiatry and pharmacology at the University of California , Los Angeles . "  There are studies that suggest antioxidants might prevent dementia , " she said . Fish oil and phosphatidylserine supplements may also help . Aging brains show signs of inflammation , and fish oil has anti-inflammatory properties , said Gary Small , director of the UCLA Center on Aging . Phosphatidylserine is a lipid found naturally in the body and is a major component of cell membranes . Small said he 's not 100 percent convinced these supplements will help stave off dementia , but they 're worth a try . There 's also curry . Small said that as he gets older , he might try eating more foods with curry in them . "  Some studies in Singapore show that those who ate curry once a week had better memory scores , " he said .	Number of people with Alzheimer 's estimated to nearly double every 20 years Report : By 2010 , around 35.6 million people globally will be living with dementia Studies show mental stimulation and exercise can help delay onset of dementia
