Designer Ralph Lauren is making model-related headlines again . The last time this happened , it was when the iconic American brand digitally altered model Filippa Hamilton into a biologically impossible state , rendering her waist and pelvis in miniature and leaving the rest of her body normal-sized . Astute critics noticed and spoke up . It did n't help matters when Hamilton herself stated that she was allegedly fired by the brand for being "  too fat " by fashion world metrics . More recently , however , the Ralph Lauren brand has made attempts to improve its image and hired Australian plus-size model Robyn Lawley , who stands 6-foot-2 and wears a size 12 , for a print campaign . After the public relations nightmare with Hamilton , many have heralded this choice as a positive sign of improvement in a fashion industry that overwhelmingly hires and promotes models who are far thinner than the average American woman . We asked , you answered : Are we really ready to take a look at ` real women ' ? As is often the case when any plus-size model makes news , many are eager to hold this up as a victory for "  real women , " that anonymous majority who so rarely get to see themselves portrayed in fashion images . But do n't get too enthusiastic with the back-patting just yet . This is not a revolutionary moment , any more than it has been any other time a mainstream designer has plucked a nonwaifish model from the depths of the plus-size-modeling dungeon and made her , however briefly , a public curiosity . Fashion is famously fickle , and if Ralph Lauren has chosen to showcase this particular model at this particular moment , it may have nothing to do with making some grand political statement or a significant change of heart and everything to do with generating buzz . Of course , I ca n't know the brand 's intentions for certain . But in the larger context , even widespread use of plus-size models does n't signal the evolution of a movement away from the impossible feminine physical ideal ; it 's just taking that ideal and making it a tiny bit bigger . It is the business of both fashion and its models to represent fantasy , and even plus-size versions are regularly digitally altered . Like their smaller peers , these models also have their skin smoothed , their waists and thighs whittled and their many human imperfections , from cellulite to flyaways , fully erased long before their image ever hits the side of a bus or the page of a magazine . Even plus-size models are still perfectly proportional and almost impossibly beautiful . They still present an aspirational standard that is unattainable if only because the resulting image does n't resemble the real-life model . ` Fatshion ' bloggers find beauty in all sizes So Lawley is slightly more accessible than Hamilton . This is like observing that it would be easier for us to flap our arms and fly to the moon than it would be to fly to Mars ; the moon might be closer , but we 're still not going to get there . And neither are the vast majority of American women . There 's nothing wrong with fantasy . Fantasy is fun , and the fashion industry does it as well as Hollywood . Why ca n't we relate to fashion images for what they are -- imaginary worlds with beautiful people who do n't really exist ? Why insist that they represent reality in some way ? Why are we so in love with the idea of seeing "  real women , " whatever that represents ? We 've all seen what happens when actual "  real " bodies make news . The most recent whipping girl for the crime of failing to be perfect is Lady Gaga , whose recent photos from a concert in Paris have had practically everyone on the planet hypothesizing how she could allow herself to suffer such a horrible fate as to put on a few pounds . Critics and fans have suggested everything from drug abuse to pregnancy . Gaga , for her part , simply credits eating a lot of tasty food at her father 's restaurant . ` Half ' : One woman 's struggle with weight loss Lady Gaga has unashamedly shown off her body onstage in spite of her changing weight , refusing to apologize , and the response has ranged from shock , to disgust , to "  concern , " to schadenfreude-driven laughter . Gaga has since responded by launching a new section on her website entitled "  Body Revolution , " kicking things off by sharing pictures of her own body  and acknowledging the eating disorders that have shaped her  while soliciting fans to share their own insecurities . It is telling that the initial public response was not to applaud Gaga for being "  real , " but to shame her for being imperfect . We do n't like to be reminded of how much effort it sometimes takes to meet the ideal , even for those whose profession hinges on maintaining a certain appearance . We like to think it 's easy and natural ; we like to think anyone who fails at it just did n't try hard enough . But real bodies , like reality itself , are complicated and diverse , as well as unpredictably changeable . For all our vocal support in favor of seeing so-called "  real women , " we forget that all women are real , no matter their size or their shape or their age or whether they are conventionally attractive . Real women are everywhere . The biggest problem with this nebulous concept of "  real women " and our desire to see more of them is that it is intrinsically hypocritical . The truth is , we want to see "  real women " when they look like Robyn Lawley in a Ralph Lauren ad , coiffed and digitally altered into that brand 's iconic and immaculate horse-riding fantasy world . We do n't want to see "  real women " when they look like us . Maybe that 's the disconnect we ought to be working on , instead of applauding Ralph Lauren 's choice of models on one side while condemning Lady Gaga for being , well , "  real " on the other . Do you think the public really wants to see non-model types in ads and entertainment ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below .	The Ralph Lauren brand is attracting attention for hiring a "  plus-size " model Lauren 's company previously drew attention for digitally altering bodies Lady Gaga 's weight gain has been the subject of much scrutiny Gaga has launched a "  Body Revolution , " sharing photos and revelations about her own body
Rolling Stone  -- The past month has been a time of frenzied activity for Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band . They taped two TV appearances , played special gigs at the Apollo Theater and SXSW , and launched a world tour in support of Springsteen 's new LP , "  Wrecking Ball . " Late last week , Rolling Stone chatted separately with E Street Band guitarists Steven Van Zandt and Nils Lofgren about the new E Street Band and how they 're carrying on after the loss of Clarence Clemons . Rolling Stone : You guys almost always do rehearsal shows before launching a big tour . Why did n't those happen this time ? Nils Lofgren : Previously , the rehearsal shows were kind of a last-minute thing . I think probably what happened is that we were putting our own show together , which inevitably heads towards rehearsal shows . But because of the new record , we made commitments . We did the Grammys , two nights on "  Jimmy Fallon " and the Apollo Show . Next on the horizon was the SXSW show . All of a sudden it was like , "  Gosh , we have five different shows to prepare . " Bruce always takes the time to slant the shows to the occasion , and we had to get our own show up and we just ran out of time . Steven Van Zandt : It was interesting to witness our own extremes with the Apollo Show and the SXSW show . We went from emphasizing soul music at the Apollo to flipping 180 degrees for a Woody Guthrie celebration at SXSW . It was quite interesting to have that reinforced and have it be totally integrated in the work -- not doing either extreme as a sort of specialty , gimmicky show , but actually having those roots so firmly planted in the material -- and to be reminded how wide and varied the identity of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band actually is at this point . It 's some kind of example of Americana in all of its forms . Rolling Stone : It was a pretty bold move to debut the new band and new show at the Apollo , considering it was being broadcast live . Van Zandt : To do our first show as a broadcast , that 's real balls . I 'm proud of us for pulling it off . It was pretty close to flawless , I have to say . Keep in mind , we have a brand new five-piece horn section . We 're still working on horn parts . We 're still working on vocal parts with the singers . We have a couple new people involved . I took it for granted , but they were probably a bit nervous . They did great , though . We spent a lot of time thinking about this show and talking about it . The horn section was a good answer to the unanswerable : "  How do you replace Clarence Clemons ? " Well , you do n't . It 's real simple . The same way you replace Danny Federici . You do n't . You have somebody else playing those parts , but you have to do something else , you have to morph it into a hybrid of what you were . It 's not going to be the same . Rolling Stone : How long ago did rehearsals begin ? Lofgren : They 've been off and on , but we got together in the second week of January . We had to address what was in front of us , which was a lot , and kind of take our time and experiment and let things evolve . There 's so many changes . Certainly the biggest change of all is Clarence , which is a terrible loss . I 've been in the band for 28 years , and I 'm pretty sure it 's accurate to say that the band has never gone on the road with three-and-a-half albums of new material . When Bruce put out the "  Darkness On The Edge of Town " package , there were 23 unreleased songs and they never toured behind that . And then you had 11 new songs . All this material is really valid and great and we 've never integrated it into our show , which is already hundreds of songs that we have n't presented in over two years . It was an abnormal amount of new material to disseminate . It 's just a giant , beautiful jigsaw puzzle of music . Van Zandt : Usually we start rehearsals two weeks before the first show and kick around some ideas for the set , maybe do six rehearsals , period . Each tour has its own energy , and the writing is the script for the show . It 's like a Broadway show or a movie . You have to start with the script , and that 's always a new album for us . We 've never been a nostalgia band . Every single time we go out , we 're saying something new , something that 's been on Bruce 's mind in that period . In this case , instead of our usual five or six days , we did 10 or 12 . We probably had 40 horn charts . That 's a lot of work just to outline the charts , never mind tweak them and really get into the details of arranging , which , of course , I love to do , and Bruce is also really good at . So that 's going on , and we have to integrate this new album , adapt it -- in this case , a little more adaptation , because it was a solo album . This is the first time this has ever happened , where he 's touring with the E Street Band behind a solo album . But it 's good , and we had the whole new album down in two days . Then you start kicking around ideas and doing older things . "  My City of Ruins " ended up playing a major role in this show , really for the first time . It 's always been an emotional song but sort of a specialty song , maybe an encore . This time it ended up playing a very , very different and central role . This is the most difficult task ever . How do you address Clarence and Danny ? How do you address that ? You talk to ten different people and they 're going to have ten different ideas . But it 's really not easy . You 're trying to do something that 's very , very emotional , and at the same time , you do n't want to make the show a funeral . You want to make sure the show is a celebration of life . It 's a very delicate , very fine line to walk . And  Bruce  comes up with this rap -- it 's so f ****** great , and so perfect . I 'm awestruck . This guy still inspires me after 45 f ****** years of doing this . I 'm like , "  Jesus Christ , that 's so f ****** good , so important . " It 's such an important moment in the show ... It 's probably the best start of a tour , I think ever , honestly . Rolling Stone : I 'm sure it was hard the first time you walked onstage without Clarence . Lofgren : The first time that hit me the hardest was the Grammys . I 'm standing there , and there 's nobody to my right . It hit me hard . That 's someone I 'll miss the rest of my life , but I still love playing and it does n't take away from the power of the songs of the band . Van Zandt : It 's emotional for me to walk onstage without Clarence , and it always will be . I still honestly once in a while get that feeling with Danny . I look over there and say , "  Oh yeah , Danny 's no longer ... " That 's never going to change . So I think the more people onstage , the more that helps . The more the configuration is different , the more that eases your emotional pain . In other words , you 're not trying to replace them , you 're doing a different thing . Through the years , since we started playing in 1965 , you do a lot of different things . I 've been in horn bands . I 've been in country bands . You go into 100 different configurations in your life . Now it feels like another one . It 's almost like you 're in a different band , in a sense , even though the core of the band is still there . See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Steven Van Zandt and Nils Lofgren chatted about the new E Street Band Van Zandt : "  Each tour has its own energy , and the writing is the script for the show " Lofgren : " -LSB- Clarence Clemons is -RSB- someone I 'll miss the rest of my life "
CNN  -- A federal appeals court has blocked an Oklahoma voter-approved measure barring state judges from considering Islamic and international law in their decisions . The three-judge panel at the 10th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld an earlier injunction preventing State Question 755 from being certified until the free speech questions are resolved . The decision Tuesday allows a lawsuit brought by Islamic-American groups to move ahead to a bench trial . "  The proposed amendment discriminates among religions , " said the judges . "  The Oklahoma amendment specifically names the target of its discrimination . The only religious law mentioned in the amendment is Sharia law . " A federal judge last summer had issued a temporary restraining order in favor of the Council of American-Islamic Relations  CAIR  , which had sued to nullify the law completely . The amendment would require Oklahoma courts to "  rely on federal and state law when deciding cases " and "  forbids courts from considering or using " either international law or Islamic religious law , known as Sharia , which the amendment defined as being based on the Quran and the teachings of the Prophet Mohammed . In bringing suit , CAIR argued that the amendment violates the establishment and free-exercise clauses of the First Amendment 's guarantee of religious freedom . The group 's local leader , Muneer Awad , has said the amendment passed in November 2010 under a campaign of fear and misinformation about Islam . "  This is an important reminder that the Constitution is the last line of defense against a rising tide of anti-Muslim bigotry in our society , and we are pleased that the appeals court recognized that fact , " Awad told CNN after Tuesday 's announcement . The appeals court said voter initiatives normally should be given great deference by the courts but concluded the Oklahoma measure would be applied selectively . Ballot supporters "  do not identify any actual problem the challenged amendment seeks to solve , " said the 37-page ruling . "  Indeed , they admitted at the preliminary injunction hearing that they did not know of even a single instance where an Oklahoma court had applied Sharia law or used the legal precepts of other nations or cultures , let alone that such applications or uses had resulted in concrete problems in Oklahoma . " State Question 755 , also known as the "  Save Our State " measure , was approved by a 7-3 ratio . It was sponsored by Oklahoma State Reps. Rex Duncan and Anthony Sykes , both Republicans . "  The fact that Sharia law was even considered anywhere in the United States is enough for me " to sign on , Sykes told CNN last year . "  It should scare anyone that any judge in America would consider using that as precedent . " Sykes said his concern was compounded by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan 's comments during her confirmation hearings in June 2010 that she would be willing to consider international law when hearing cases before the court . As written on the ballot , the measure states it would amend a state constitution section dealing with the state courts , making them "  rely on federal and state law " when deciding cases , forbidding them "  from considering or using international law " and "  from considering or using Sharia Law . " The ballot then briefly described international law , which "  deals with the conduct of international organizations and independent nations , such as countries , states and tribes , " and Sharia , which is "  based on two principal sources , the Koran and the teaching of Mohammed . " "  Shall the proposal be approved ? " the ballot read , instructing voters to respond "  yes " if they 're for the proposal and "  no " if they 're against it . Saleem Quraishi , president of the American Muslim Association of Oklahoma City , runs the Islamic Center at the Grand Mosque of Oklahoma City . He said there are more than 5,000 Muslims in the city . While there are no exact numbers for the Muslim population in the state , it is not among the larger communities , said Ibrahim Hooper of CAIR . "  It 's just fear-mongering ; it 's nothing , " Quraishi told CNN . "  What 's Sharia law have to do with Oklahoma ? " The Oklahoma controversy stems from a New Jersey legal case in which a Muslim woman went to a family court asking for a restraining order against her spouse , claiming he had raped her repeatedly . The judge ruled against her , saying that her husband was abiding by his Muslim beliefs regarding spousal duties . The decision was later overruled by an appellate court , but the case sparked a nationwide firestorm . The issue spread to Oklahoma , prompting the ballot initiative . Tuesday 's ruling deals only with the injunction stopping certification and enforcement of 755 . There was no indication when the federal district judge would hear the larger merits of the Oklahoma case and issue a ruling , but that could be some months away . The losing side could then try again at the federal appeals court , then possibly to the U.S. Supreme Court . The appeals case is Awad v. Ziriax  10-6273  . CNN National Security Producer Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	Federal appeals court blocks an Oklahoma voter-approved measure The measure would ban state judges from considering Islamic , international law Council of American-Islamic Relations says measure violates First Amendment freedoms Legislator on possibility of judge factoring in Sharia law : "  It should scare anyone "
CNN  -- Security forces rescued two tourists Saturday , just one day after they were kidnapped in a remote region of northeast Ecuador , the Interior Ministry said . The Interior and Environment Ministries offered slightly different accounts of what happened . According to both , the tourists were part of a group that was attacked Friday . Others in the group were let go . The attack occurred either inside or near the Cuyabeno Wildlife Reserve , which is located in the northeast province of Sucumbios near the border with Colombia . Including the two who were kidnapped , the tourist group totaled seven people , according to the Interior Ministry . The Environment Ministry , however , said that just five tourists -- including the two who were taken -- were attacked . The Environment Ministry identified those kidnapped as an Australian woman , 32 , and a 23-year-old woman from England . According to reports from people in the area , the attack was carried out by members of a group that calls itself the "  Black Eagles , " the Environment Ministry said . The Interior Ministry reported only that it was likely a Colombian group that took the tourists . Authorities in both countries worked the case . With global instability , who wants to be a tourist ? American tourists kidnapped in Egypt	NEW : The women , ages 32 and 23 , were taken in the province of Sucumbios NEW : They were part of a group that was attacked Friday NEW : Others were let go
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraq 's Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who fled the country months ago , was sentenced to death Sunday , an official said . The verdict came on a day when a wave of violence across Iraq left at least 79 people dead and 270 wounded . Together , the death sentence and the violence raise questions about the stability of the country just nine months after U.S. troops were withdrawn . Al-Hashimi was sentenced to hang "  because he was involved directly in killing a female lawyer and a general with the Iraqi army , " said Abdul Sattar al-Berqdar , a spokesman for Iraq 's Supreme Judicial Council . "  There are many other charges against al-Hashimi , but this is one of the charges he was convicted of , " al-Berqdar said . Al-Hashimi denies the charges , which include the accusation that he ran death squads . He called the accusations part of a "  black comedy " in February . Attacks on Iraqi police , army kill dozens "  Everybody knows that my case is a political case , from beginning to end , and that the charges against me are fabricated and far from the truth , " al-Hashimi said in May . The death sentence raises the stakes in the controversy around Iraq 's top Sunni Muslim politician , who accuses the country 's Shiite Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki of pushing the country towards a religious divide . The arrest warrant for al-Hashimi was issued soon after his Iraqiya party announced it would boycott Parliament , saying al-Maliki was cutting it out of the decision-making process . His Sunni-majority party has since ended its boycott , though al-Hashimi remains a fugitive . One of his political allies said Sunday that he did not receive a fair trial because he was not in Baghdad for it . Nada al-Jabouri , a lawmaker in Iraqiya bloc , also criticized the timing of the sentence , as "  Iraq is preparing for a big national reconciliation in the near future in order to achieve stability in this country . " "  This will not help , " al-Jabouri said . Iraq 's Central Criminal Court sentenced al-Hashimi 's son-in-law Ahmed Qahtan to death alongside the politician . Qahtan is not in custody either . The death sentences are not final and can be appealed , Judicial Council spokesman al-Berqdar told CNN . Interpol issued a "  red notice " for al-Hashimi in May , "  on suspicion of guiding and financing terrorist attacks in the country . " The notice calls on the 190 countries that belong to the international police organization to help locate and arrest him at the request of the Iraqi authorities . No apparent action has been taken to arrest him since the notice was issued four months ago . Al-Hashimi is now living in a Turkish government guest house in Istanbul . Before that , he lived in Iraq 's semi-autonomous Kurdistan region and also traveled to Saudi Arabia and Qatar at the invitation of those governments . In February , Iraq 's top judicial committee accused al-Hashimi 's security detail of carrying out 150 attacks against security forces and civilians from 2005 to 2011 . Al-Hashimi said the nine-judge council was under the control of the Shiite-dominated central government and denied the charges . Charges against al-Hashimi appear to be based on the purported confessions of three men , identified as the vice president 's security guards . Iraqi state television aired video of the confessions in December , but CNN has not been able to verify the men 's identities independently . Among the confessions was one by a man who detailed roadside bombings and shootings that targeted government and security officials in 2009 . The person speaking said orders at times came directly from al-Hashimi and at times through his son-in-law , Qahtan , who is also a senior member of his staff . Al-Hashimi did not immediately respond to the sentencing on Sunday .	NEW : More than 79 people were killed in violence across Iraq Iraq 's top Sunni politician is convicted over the killing of two people He 's accused of other crimes , including running a death squad He says the charges are politically motivated
Atlanta  CNN  -- A North Georgia man is charged with murder after authorities say he put vodka in his 4-month-old 's baby bottle , leading to her death -- an incident that his public defender says was an accident . The infant girl died June 8 , 2011 , after she drank the vodka . Just over a year later , a DeKalb County grand jury indicted her father , Keith Antonine Furlow , on felony murder and second-degree cruelty to children , according to the court document filed Thursday . "  We 're at a point where we are just pursuing justice for this infant little girl , " District Attorney Robert James told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Friday . James earlier told CNN Atlanta affiliate WSB that authorities do n't see any way the baby could have consumed the vodka , unless it was given to her by the now 20-year-old Furlow . "  Obviously , at that age , a child is n't old enough to get up and go pick up a bottle herself . Children at four months old are fed whatever it is they consume , " the district attorney said . "  So the evidence , we believe , would show that he actually fed this baby the vodka . " Furlow , of Stone Mountain , a community about 15 miles east of Atlanta , has not yet been formally arraigned on the charges . When that happens , he will plead not guilty , according to Corinne Mull , an attorney with the DeKalb County Public Defender 's Office representing him . "  Everything is n't always as it seems , " Mull said Friday in defense of her court-appointed client . "  Accidents happen . " The district attorney explained Friday that Furlow is being charged with felony murder because he is accused of killing his daughter while committing child cruelty . The latter charge states that Furlow , "  with criminal negligence , caused ... cruel and excessive physical pain by feeding a four month old an alcoholic beverage , " according to the indictment . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Keith Furlow , 20 , is charged with felony murder and cruelty to children A district attorney says Furlow "  fed " vodka to his baby , who died as a result Furlow 's public defender says the 4-month-old 's death was an accident
CNN  -- George Venizelos , the FBI 's assistant director in charge , asserted Thursday in a written statement that the recently arrested "  Sulaiman Abu Ghaith held a key position in al Qaeda , comparable to a consigliere in a mob family . " This is overblown . Though he was Osama bin Laden 's son-in-law , Abu Ghaith is far from a big fish in al Qaeda . Bin Laden had quite a number of sons-in-law , having sired some two dozen children with five wives . On Friday , Abu Ghaith pleaded not guilty in federal court in downtown Manhattan to charges of conspiracy to kill Americans . But the significance of Abu Ghaith 's court appearance was not that he is a big player in al Qaeda . It 's that the Obama administration has shipped him to New York for trial rather than sending him to Guantanamo to face a military commission , as has been the case with other members of bin Laden 's inner circle . Nothing in his past suggested Abu Ghaith was suited to play any operational role within al Qaeda . Before he joined al Qaeda a few months before 9/11 , Abu Ghaith had been a high school teacher in his native Kuwait ; he did n't have any experience fighting in other holy wars as most of al Qaeda 's leaders had . Abu Ghaith took on the role of spokesman of al Qaeda at the time of the 9/11 attacks , but that did n't mean that he had any operational role in them or even knew they were going to happen . In a private al Qaeda videotape that was discovered by U.S. forces in Afghanistan after the fall of the Taliban , bin Laden is seen gesturing at Abu Ghaith and observing that his spokesman was not clued in on the 9/11 plans . Abu Ghaith appeared in another videotape that al Qaeda publicly released a month after 9/11 , sitting next to his father-in-law as bin Laden gloated about the success of the attacks . Around the same time , Abu Ghaith also released a tape that publicly warned "  Muslims in the United States and Britain ... not to travel by plane . We also advise them not to live in high-rise buildings and towers . " A year later , Abu Ghaith fulminated "  Al Qaeda has the right to kill four million Americans , including one million children , displace double that figure , and injure and cripple hundreds and thousands . " But these are the words of a blowhard , not a man of action -- something that is underlined in the indictment against Abu Ghaith that was unsealed on Thursday . It charges him with conspiring to help al Qaeda by making speeches and persuading others to join the group but makes no allegations whatsoever of involvement in any actual terror plots . After the fall of the Taliban in Afghanistan in the winter of 2001 , Abu Ghaith , along with much more serious players in al Qaeda such as Saif al-Adel , the military commander of the group , fled from Afghanistan to Iran , where they remained under some form of house arrest for around a decade . Abu Ghaith 's decision to leave Iran to travel to Turkey led to the chain of events that resulted in him being taken in to custody by U.S. officials in the Middle East and then transferred to New York for trial there rather than incarceration at Guantanamo , Cuba . This is a sound decision for several reasons : First , the Obama administration 's stated goal is to close Guantanamo , not to add prisoners there . Second , the conviction rate since 9/11 in these kinds of terrorism cases is 100 % in New York courts when it comes to allegations of any kind of involvement in al Qaeda or its allied organizations . The New America Foundation maintains a database of all the jihadist terrorism cases in the U.S. since 9/11 . Of the 39 cases in New York State since 9/11 , 20 defendants pleaded guilty and 15 were convicted , while four await trial . By contrast , the military commission system in Guantanamo is largely untested . The operational commander of 9/11 , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , was arrested in Pakistan a decade ago but still has yet to face trial in Guantanamo . It 's quite possible that the process may take many more years before his trial even begins . Indeed , of the 779 prisoners who have been held at Guantanamo , only six have been convicted according to a recently released study by the Congressional Research Service , which performs research on behalf of members of Congress . In other words , while courts in New York have convicted alleged terrorists at a 100 % rate , less than 1 % have been successfully tried at Guantanamo . In addition , the few convictions in Guantanamo have in some cases been overturned ; for instance , that of Salim Hamden , who was bin Laden 's driver . In other cases , the sentences handed down have been very short compared with those in civilian trials of alleged terrorists in the U.S. David Hicks , an Australian detainee at Guantanamo , plea bargained his way out of the camp with time served and nine months in an Australian prison . Perhaps because of his relatively minor role in al Qaeda , the announcement that Abu Ghaith will face trial in Manhattan has not produced so far any of the "  not in my backyard " response we saw when the Obama administration announced in late 2009 that it was planning to put Sheikh Mohammed on trial in Manhattan . The political storm this unleashed forced the Obama administration to backtrack and to announce two years later that Sheik Mohammed instead would be tried by a military tribunal at Guantanamo . If Abu Ghaith 's case goes forward without a backlash in New York and a conviction is secured , as seems all but certain , we can be sure that he will not be the last alleged member of al Qaeda seized overseas who will be sent to the Southern District of New York to face trial -- rather than go before a military tribunal at Guantanamo Bay and all the uncertainties that such trials have hitherto encountered .	Peter Bergen says role of Osama 's son-in-law has been exaggerated He says it 's a good thing he will be tried in New York , not sent to Guantanamo New York courts have a perfect record of convicting al Qaeda members since 9/11 , he says Bergen : Hardly anything has been accomplished by Guantanamo military panels
Jerusalem  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu offered a "  good cop-bad cop " approach to Iran 's nuclear ambitions on Wednesday , with Obama calling for more diplomacy while endorsing Israel 's right to defend itself as it sees fit . The two leaders met for more than two hours on Obama 's first visit to Israel as president , part of a Middle East swing that he said was intended to assess the seemingly intractable impasse between the Israelis and Palestinians over how to live next to each other . Other issues discussed on Obama 's first foreign trip of his second term included the civil war in neighboring Syria . There have been unconfirmed reports of chemical weapons being used in the conflict , which Obama labeled a "  game-changer , " if true , regarding limited U.S. involvement so far . With the visit , Obama sought to assure Netanyahu and Israelis of his commitment to their security and strengthen what has been a strained personal and working relationship with the prime minister . The two are each beginning new terms in power . 5 things to know about Obama 's first presidential visit to Israel In what Netanyahu called a key development , the leaders announced new talks on extending U.S. military assistance to Israel for another 10 years past the current agreement that expires in 2017 . They also sounded united on other major issues . Both countries have accused Iran of secretly working toward building a nuclear weapon , and Netanyahu made clear Wednesday after his talks with Obama that he believes the president is equally committed to preventing a nuclear-armed Iran . Obama pushed at a joint news conference for continued diplomatic efforts , including negotiations and sanctions , intended to get Iran to comply with international safeguards against nuclear arms . "  The question is whether the Iranian leadership will seize that opportunity , " Obama said before playing off a memorable Cold War line by Ronald Reagan about the Soviet Union : "  We ca n't even trust yet , much less verify . " At the same time , he insisted that "  all options " remain open -- code for a military strike to disable the Iranian program . Obama also made clear that Israel has the right to defend itself as it sees fit , which amounted to a diplomatic signal that Washington would not stop a unilateral Israeli strike at some future point if no progress occurred . Opinion : Obama 's Israel trip is about legacy Netanyahu responded with thanks , saying Obama spoke of "  the great transformation that has occurred in the life of the Jewish people with a rebirth of the Jewish state " that has grown from a once powerless population into a nation that has "  both the right and the capability " to defend itself . "  I know that you appreciate that Israel can never cede the right to defend ourselves to others , even to the greatest of our friends , and Israel has no better friend than the United States of America , " Netanyahu added . Both leaders also said they had a "  common assessment " on how much time remained before Iran could build a nuclear weapon . Though Netanyahu indicated his "  red line " for action might be sooner , referring to what he called a "  point of immunity " when Tehran completed enriching enough uranium for a weapon . Iran has rebuffed calls to halt its production of enriched uranium , saying it has a right to produce peaceful nuclear energy . But the International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , has said it can no longer verify any peaceful nature of Iran 's nuclear program . Poll : Most Americans say Israel is a friend Most Americans consider Israel an ally or at least friendly to the United States , according to a new CNN/ORC International poll released Tuesday . However , respondents split -- 49 % -49 % -- on whether the United States should support Israel if it unilaterally attacks Iranian nuclear facilities to prevent Tehran from developing nuclear weapons , the survey showed . On Obama 's first day in Israel , Palestinian activists erected a tent city outside Jerusalem in the West Bank to protest his visit and continued Israeli construction of settlements in what they consider an occupied territory . Meanwhile , demonstrators in Gaza protesting Israeli and U.S. policies toward Palestinians burned flags of both nations as well as a picture of Obama . Israeli president : No doubt Obama has Israel 's back The topic of settlements , a sticking point in the stalled Middle East peace process , never came up at the news conference by the leaders , showing the sensitivity of the issue . "  I purposely did not want to come here with some big announcement " that might not match up with reality on the ground , Obama told reporters . The Israeli-Palestinian dispute Both leaders said they discussed the Israel-Palestinian stalemate and Syria , further complicated by accusations that chemical weapons were used this week . Israeli Justice Minister Tzipi Livni told CNN on Wednesday that "  it is clear for us here in Israel " that chemical weapons have been used in Syria . When pressed during an interview , Livni would n't say whether there was evidence that the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad directed their use . She said the development poses a direct threat to Israel because "  the appearance is that it 's not going to be only in Syria , but that Hezbollah can reach all these chemical weapons and use them against Israel in the future . " Israelis have long been concerned that Hezbollah , Israel 's foe in neighboring Lebanon , could gain possession of Syrian chemical weapons if the al-Assad regime is further destabilized . Obama repeated U.S. warnings to the Syrian government to keep chemical weapons off the battlefield or out of the hands of groups such as Hezbollah . He said he has ordered an investigation into whether the Syrian government used chemical weapons against its own people , adding he was "  deeply skeptical " of any claim the opposition had done it . "  Once we have established the facts , I have made clear that the use of chemical weapons is a game-changer , " Obama declared , stopping short of saying what he would do if Syria had crossed his "  red line " for stronger action . CNN Poll : Most say Israel a friend Critics , including Republican opponents , say Obama has failed to show necessary global leadership by providing military aid to the Syrian opposition or offering help like establishing a "  no-fly " zone over Syria similar to NATO steps taken in Libya during the Arab Spring uprising . Earlier , Netanyahu and Israeli President Shimon Peres greeted Obama at an arrival ceremony in Tel Aviv , where Obama said his visit was " an opportunity to reaffirm the unbreakable bond between our nations , to restate America 's unwavering commitment to Israel 's security , and to speak directly to Israel and to your neighbors . " In a quip to Netanyahu , Obama said , "  It is nice to get away from Congress , " reflecting the chronic political infighting in Washington . Obama 's first stop Wednesday was at an Iron Dome missile defense launcher in Tel Aviv . Designed by Israel and funded by the United States , the battery was deployed at the height of November 's fighting between Israel and Hamas . It intercepted a rocket headed for Tel Aviv , Israeli ambassador to the United States Michael Oren said . Afterward , the president went to Jerusalem to meet separately with Peres and Netanyahu . A shaky relationship Obama 's relationship with Netanyahu has never been warm , and the Israeli prime minister supported Republican challenger Mitt Romney -- a former business colleague -- in last year 's presidential election . In his first term , Obama got off to a rocky start with Netanyahu by pushing for a freeze on Israeli settlements , but his vocal support for the Israeli prime minister through the November crisis with Hamas and U.S. financial support for the Iron Dome anti-missile program could pave the road for greater trust in the relationship . White House officials said Obama was not bringing a new peace initiative and lacked optimism that enough solid ground existed to try to revive direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians over the declared goal of both sides for separate , neighboring states . Israeli minister says she hopes U.S. helps restart peace talks Most of all , the president 's aides said , Obama wanted to assess how prepared -- if at all -- Netanyahu and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas were to return to negotiations . Palestinians want Obama to prove there were consequences for Israel 's continued construction of new settlements in what they consider to be disputed areas . Their grievances are evident in more personal ways : Posters on Ramallah streets sarcastically advise Obama not to bring his smartphone because Israel does not allow 3G or better service in the Palestinian territories . Before meeting Peres on Wednesday , Obama and the Israeli president planted a magnolia tree descended from those at the White House to symbolize the deep roots of the relationship between their nations , the White House said . The two leaders also were serenaded with the song "  Tomorrow " by three young Israelis who dedicated it "  from all the children who dream of peace . " The U.S. and Israel and the art of relationship maintenance CNN 's John King and Jessica Yellin reported from Israel , and CNN 's Paul Steinhauser and Ashley Killough also contributed to this report . It was written by Tom Cohen in Washington .	NEW : President Obama , Israel 's prime minister have a "  common assessment " on Iran NEW : The two leaders will open talks on extending U.S. military aid to Israel beyond 2017 Palestinians protest Obama 's visit , as well as U.S. and Israeli policies Obama will also visit the West Bank and Jordan during his Middle East trip
London  CNN  -- Built on a temporary site and made entirely from recycled shipping containers , London 's latest retail park lays claim to be the world 's first ever "  pop-up " shopping mall . The aptly-named "  Boxpark " opened for business today along a vacant strip of east London 's fashionable Shoreditch High Street . It is composed of 60 standard-size shipping containers , stacked two stories high and five rows wide . The park , which has taken a year to complete , is the brainchild of British entrepreneur Roger Wade , who made his fortune in the 1990s with another box-themed venture -- the urban fashion label "  Boxfresh . " "  These containers have a strong symbolism for me , " says Wade , during an interview inside one of the site 's impressively refitted "  shoebox " shops . "  When I first started out selling clothes on a market stall , I dreamed of the day I 'd be shipping my wares off to Hong Kong inside one of these , " he remarks . "  Now I think it 's fitting that something so closely associated with global trade has ended up itself as a shop . " But while Wade spends time enthusing about his love of the iconic sea cans ' "  industrial aesthetic " -- he 's also keen to stress that the Boxpark , which has a temporary lease of five years , is more than just a hip new retail experience . "  This is probably the most environmentally friendly shopping mall ever built , " he says . Despite the fact that the park does not boast sophisticated insulating technology or even a small array of solar panels , the simple fact that it 's made from recycled materials adds credibility to Wade 's claim . "  When people talk about the energy efficiency of buildings , they tend to focus on operational carbon emissions . That is to say , how much energy the building consumes once it 's up and running , " says Anna Surgenor , senior technical adviser at the UK 's Green Building Council . "  But what often gets overlooked are the 'em bodied ' carbon emissions -- all the carbon released into the atmosphere when the building materials were manufactured in the first place , " she adds . Surgenor illustrates her point by way of the Angel Building in London which , she says , saved 7,400 tons of embodied CO2 by retaining and adapting the existing concrete structure of the site 's previous building . "  This saving is equal to approximately 13 years of operational energy use , " she notes . According to a 2008 UK government report on low-carbon construction , the manufacture of building materials for use in the UK creates 45.2 million tons of CO2 emissions a year , equal to roughly 7 % of the country 's total emissions . And carbon 's not the only thing to impact the environment when it comes to the sourcing and manufacture of building materials . "  Chopping down timber , polluting water streams , degrading the landscape by digging up mines ... all these things affect biodiversity and harm the environment , " says Surgenor . "  This is why it 's so important architects think about how they can use recycled materials during the design process . " Back at the park , a frenzy of journalists are sampling tasters from rows of boutique eateries , coffee shops and a juice bar , each with colorfully decorated interiors that belie their miniature scale . "  The great thing is , if one of these shops does n't feel it 's getting the most out of this location , they can potentially move to another part of the country with a vacant bit of land , without having to close down or dismantle a thing , " says Wade . For him , the park represents a convenient alliance of economy and ecology , providing a cheap exciting retail space without extensive plundering of resources . "  Also , after five years , we 'll return the land back to its owners in exactly the same condition as we got it , and then the community can decide if it wants a more permanent retail space there , " he says . While the Boxpark may be the first "  pop-up " shopping mall made from shipping containers , it 's certainly not the first building project to capitalize on their structural appeal . "  There are about 400 established architectural projects making use of shipping containers around the world , " says Slovenian architect Jure Kotnik , who has written two books on the subject and is curating an international exhibition on "  container architecture " currently on display at the AIA in Seattle . "  From Volvo , Puma , Rolex , Nike to Ikea -- loads of big names have been turning shipping containers into shops or spaces that they think will enhance their brand image , " says Kotnik . "  I think in part because it is a universal symbol ... it 's also become increasingly cool . " The 31-year-old architect believes that the containers have an inherently strong associated link with architecture . "  They resemble building blocks , and when they 're stacked up along the port in little towers , it creates a neighborhood feel . " According to Kotnik , containers have been used for decades as makeshift residences and market shops in places like Africa , but it 's only in the last 10 years that architects have "  added value " by creating high concept designs out of them . "  In some ways I 'm surprised it 's taken the mainstream architectural community so long to utilize containers in this way -- as their modular , standardized shape lends itself so well for creating interesting buildings , " he says . Kotnik imagines that there will soon be more sustainable building materials available on the market and that this may ultimately diminish the popularity or need for his beloved containers . But at least for now , he says , "  if you need a strong , relatively cheap , easily mobile structure , there 's few things better . "	London 's "  Boxpark " shopping mall has been built from 60 shipping containers Park 's founder says mall offers sustainable alternative to conventional retail outlets Mall 's shops can relocate to another part of the country if business is slow Recycled containers save "  embodied " carbon cost linked to construction of new buildings
Gov. Chris Christie has a big decision to make come December : Anger the governor of Iowa , who holds significant power in the first-in-the-nation presidential primary contest , or anger basically everyone else . The New Jersey governor , who 's seriously mulling a bid for president , will have to decide whether to veto a bill that would ban the use of pig gestation crates , small metal containers that confine breeding sows for essentially their whole adult lives . Critics consider the crates a form of animal cruelty -- the pigs are n't able to turn around in the limited space -- while advocates say they prevent sows from accidentally lying down or stepping on piglets . What are gestation crates ? Despite having strong , bipartisan support in the state legislature , Christie vetoed a version of the bill in 2013 . He 's now facing mounting pressure from activists and celebrities , including Bill Maher , Danny DeVito , Martha Stewart and Edie Falco . The conservative news outlet National Review published a column by Bruce Friedrich , director of advocacy and policy for Farm Sanctuary , a national farm-animal protection organization , outlining a conservative case for Christie to ban the practice . But for Christie , the problem comes down to politics . While New Jersey 's pork industry is n't very big and the ban would largely be symbolic , the pork industry is huge in Iowa .  There were 9,000 pigs in New Jersey last year , compared to 20.5 million in Iowa , according to the USDA . Gov. Terry Branstad , who recently won re-election in the Hawkeye State , told the Associated Press that he urged Christie to veto the bill last year . "  I called him to tell him how bad I thought it would be and how the people that are involved in pork production , that really understand this , feel this would be very bad , " Branstad said , reiterating the argument that the crates protect baby pigs from much larger adult pigs . Branstad said they discussed the most recent version of the bill when Christie was in Iowa last month for a fundraiser for Iowa Republicans . It 's unclear what Christie will do with the bill . Last year , in his veto message , Christie said the decision should be made by the state 's Department of Agriculture . "  The proper balancing of the humane treatment of gestating pigs with the interests of farmers whose livelihood depends on their ability to properly manage their livestock best rests with the state 's farming experts â $ " the State Board and the Department , " he said . Confronted about it at a town hall earlier this year , Christie said he felt that farmers had a better argument than animal rights activists . "  If a bill comes back , I will certainly consider any additional evidence that people want to put in front of me , " he said .	Chris Christie is facing pressure from Iowa on a controversial bill involving pigs The bill would ban pig gestation crates , a practice deemed cruel by animal rights activists The Iowa governor is urging Christie to veto the legislation
SOWETO , South Africa  CNN  -- It 's late Sunday morning inside a cavernous Salvation Army Church in Soweto , South Africa . Services , complete with African and traditional music , have just finished and a catchy drum beat with a distinctly American hip-hop sound is coming from the stage . Laura DiFilippi , 12 , gets ready to board the bus in Bushwick , Brooklyn , to go to the airport . The group of teenagers dancing around the drums is 8,000 miles and an 18-hour plane ride from their New York home . They are mostly from Bushwick , Brooklyn -- a community of about 109,000 people only five miles from Manhattan . For some of these kids , it 's their first time away from home . Unfamiliar with Bushwick ? It 's mostly a working class neighborhood where families have often struggled . For years it was a community with a thriving drug trade , severely under-achieving schools , extreme poverty and a staggering rate of teenage pregnancy . It was ravaged by fires and looting during the summer of 1977 and hit hard by the crack epidemic in the 1980s . Bushwick is recovering now , but half of the children under age 18 still live below the poverty line . A quarter of the adults never make it past the ninth grade and more than half never graduate from high school . The children on this trip to South Africa are what educators and social workers call "  at-risk " -- at risk of having babies as teenagers ; at risk of never finishing high school or achieving their dreams ; at risk of never knowing the world beyond their neighborhood . Thirty of these children , between the ages of 12 to 16 , have been paired up with college-aged mentors and brought to South Africa by Malaak Compton-Rock , the wife of comedian Chris Rock . She brought them to volunteer -- to serve the impoverished and the AIDS orphans in this country with the highest HIV-infected population in the world . Watch the kids ' video diaries from South Africa " Compton-Rock has carved her own niche in espousing service -- giving back . She often quotes her mentor Marian Wright Edelman , founder of the Children 's Defense Fund : "  Service is the rent we pay for living . " The South Africa trip is Compton-Rock 's brainchild -- to broaden the horizons of young teens and give them perspective on their own lives . Watch : The kids witness devastating effect of AIDS in South Africa " "  I believe by traveling you open up your life , " Compton-Rock tells a crowd gathered for a press conference the morning after the group has arrived . "  You do n't think locally , you start to think globally and internationally and I think it gives you a sense of confidence . " She also wants the children to know , "  that in the United States of America , even in Bushwick , we have certain services that I want the children to understand that they need to take advantage of . " Compton-Rock is talking about access to free public education , food , knowledge and social mobility -- elusive things for South Africa 's impoverished and particularly so for 1.4 million AIDS orphans there . One of the mentors on this trip is 20-year-old Alicia Gerald . "  I know that in my own experience , " Alicia says . "  Just having someone put their hand out and say ' I believe that you can be great , ' has really helped me rise to those expectations . " Photos : Meet some of the kids " Alicia is from Bedford-Stuyvesant , a troubled community just blocks away from Bushwick . It 's also where Compton-Rock 's husband grew up . Compton-Rock has required all of the children selected for the trip to sign one-year contracts to become "  global ambassadors . " As ambassadors they are required to tell their friends and neighbors about their experiences -- through writing , blogging , photographs and speeches . The idea , Compton-Rock explains , is that if a child is given a unique opportunity , she or he , is "  obligated to bore a hole and take someone through with you . " Among the children on Compton-Rock 's "  Journey for Change " mission is Laura DiFilippi , a quiet girl who 's overcome a lot of challenges in her 12 years . Constant moving and instability in her family life meant it was tough to find the documents needed for travel . For a while , it seemed as thought she would n't be able to get her U.S. passport . With the help of Compton-Rock 's assistant , Cece Falls , Laura got the paperwork done and her passport was issued just 24 hours before the kids piled onto the bus for the airport . There is also 15-year-old Jeremy Baker , with a broad smile and slight frame . He is growing up in the projects with four siblings and hits the basketball courts every morning before breakfast during the summer . His dream ? "  Senior year I 'd get a scholarship to Connecticut , UConn , play there , " says Jeremy . "  Then , like after my sophomore year in college , go to the NBA , get drafted by Detroit . " It 's a dream of many young black men , but a recent study suggests only .03 percent of the youngsters playing ball as seniors in high school actually make it to the NBA . Another young man , who makes magic with the drums and also smiles broadly , is 14-year-old Jonathan Severe . Compton-Rock snaps pictures while dancing to the beat and tapping on a nearby African drum . She is shaking her head in both joy and disbelief , clearly thrilled by what she sees . It 's been less than 48 hours since the group has arrived ; they have n't even begun their service yet , and already the young man is opening up in a way she had never expected . Jonathan said maybe six words during his interview for entry to the program , and despite Compton-Rock 's best mothering skills he never lifted his eyes from the floor . His grandmother came with him to the interview and kicked his leg under the table to get him to speak . It did n't work . He barely spoke and when he did , you could hardly hear him . It was n't easy for Compton-Rock to decide to take him to Africa . Her selection committee feared he did n't have the communication skills needed to be an ambassador . Two days into the trip and Jonathan is effusive . I literally have to cut him off in interviews to get a word in . To see that , so early on , has been one of the thrills of this trip for me . Two days in and I can already tell this experience will be life-changing for all of us . What will they learn and discover about themselves , and the world ? I 'll let them tell you . All the kids have been asked to blog about the joys and the challenges , the things they 're learning and the disappointments . We 're taking photos and documenting every step they take in South Africa . The Bushwick kids came to make a difference in the lives of these vulnerable kids in South Africa . It will be equally interesting to see how South Africa 's children make a difference in the lives of these children from Bushwick .	Thirty kids from Bushwick , Brooklyn , took part in "  Journey for Change " Malaak Compton-Rock spearheaded the mission to empower "  at-risk " youth Kids , ages 12 to 15 , volunteered to serve the impoverished , AIDS orphans Kids were required to sign one-year contracts to become "  global ambassadors "
China 's skylines could look a lot more uniform in the years to come , if a statement by a Beijing official is to believed . The backlash against "  weird buildings " escalated earlier this week when the capital 's vice mayor , Chen Gang , announced that the city would be taking a greater role in influencing its structures ' aesthetics . The city plans to implement "  building ordinances to govern the city 's building size , style , color and materials , " Chinese state media reported . China 's cities , with their huge growth and increasingly bold architectural choices , have been a boon to the architecture industry over the past decade or so , with eye-catching structures popping up across the country . However , following Chinese President Xi Jinping 's remarks , which call for an end of "  weird architecture , " to a symposium in October , it seems as though there might be a politically-motivated directive at hand . The comments were widely reported in Chinese media . Chen 's announcement is ostensibly to allow urban planning a greater hand in creating public spaces and "  a better cityscape " for residents . When contacted by CNN , the municipal government declined to comment further . "  Like a pendulum " Some are not concerned . Pritzker-prize laureate Rem Koolhaas , whose landmark CCTV building in the capital is often used as an illustration in media reports of so-called "  weird architecture " told CNN that there have been previous , similar edicts . "  There have been periods  in China  where ordinances existed , there were mayors who insisted  to put  Chinese roofs on modern buildings but it 's like a pendulum , " he said while attending a design conference in Hong Kong . He says he 's holding off making judgment until the updated ordinances were expanded upon . "  I 'd like to see  the rules when they are announced  . There was a rule that buildings had to be grey , and the CCTV building is grey , and I do n't think it is diminished because of that . " Koolhaas is quick to clarify that the "  weird buildings " remarks were not directly aimed at his flagship China project . "  The media has made that connection . No more weird buildings , it 's understandable if you look around and I do n't feel that CCTV is a weird building so that 's my comment . " Stifling creativity Hong Kong-based architect William To , project director at the Hong Kong Design Centre , however , decried Chinese attempts to rein in creativity . "  Would n't  the ordinances  make everything pretty much the same ? Then they 're not giving the young creative industries a chance to come up with new ideas or innovation . " To said that the proposed rulings would stifle what has been a playground for architects . "  That 's setting parameters on creativity and this will limit or kill a lot of great ideas . From creativity there should n't be boundaries . For new ideas and new projects to take shape , thinking out of the box is essential . By putting parameters you 're limiting  architects  to remain in the box . Cheng Taining , from the Chinese Academy of Engineering , says that China 's unorthodox skylines are the result of a "  judgment imbalance , " according to the China Daily . "  These weird buildings are too alienated from basic architectural norms and ... have become super-sized art installations that jump on the desire and vanity bandwagon , " he told the paper .	Beijing authorities announce plans to place restrictions on new building designs , materials Vice-mayoral announcement comes shortly after President Xi Jinping called for no more "  weird buildings " Architecture in Chinese cities has become increasingly bold and outlandish Experts are divided on the potential impact of the planned building ordinances
JOHANNESBURG , South Africa  CNN  -- A mother whose daughter and granddaughter attend Oprah Winfrey 's school in South Africa considers the talk-show host heaven-sent , despite allegations of abuse being investigated there . Oprah Winfrey cuts the ribbon at the opening in January of her Leadership Academy in South Africa . "  Oprah is an angel , she is God-sent , " Masechaba Hine said Wednesday from her small home in gritty Soweto township . "  She came to my rescue when my husband was not working . " Hine 's daughter Palesa and her granddaughter Alebohang , both 14 , were among the 152 students chosen to be the first class to attend the high-tech , high-profile Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls when it opened in January . Her faith remains unshaken by the news that South African police have opened a criminal investigation into allegations that a dorm parent mistreated students at the school . Hine said her children "  have no problems about the school , they are happy about everything . " Investigators declined to provide details of the alleged abuse , but the academy 's CEO , John Samuel , said in a statement issued earlier this month that an internal inquiry was launched based on a claim of misconduct involving a dormitory parent . Watch why school is being investigated " According to an article in The Cape Argus , a Cape Town newspaper , the dorm parent allegedly grabbed a pupil by the throat and threw her against a wall , the girl claimed . Girls at the school also claimed that the matron swore and screamed at the girls and assaulted them , the newspaper reported Saturday . The newspaper said one of the pupils ran away from the school , blaming the alleged abuse . Winfrey personally selected the school 's students , all of them straight-A students from underprivileged backgrounds . The students get free tuition , free uniforms , free accommodation and free meals at the school in Henley-on-Klip , near Johannesburg . In Hine 's case , her children 's status as the "  poorest of the poor " that the school aims to serve was clear-cut : Hine supports the five people who live in her small two-bedroom Soweto home on the $ 50 a week she makes from a fruit and vegetable stand . Hine also is caring for two other orphans -- a niece and a younger granddaughter -- as well as Palesa and Alebohang , whom Hine took responsibility for when her own mother died of AIDS . Along with the money she scrapes together , the family survives on food baskets they receive once a month from a charity . Hine attended an emergency meeting with Winfrey when the talk-show host came to the school two weeks ago . "  She was emotional , she was crying when she was talking about her daughters . It is not our daughters anymore , it is Oprah 's daughters , " Hine said . Winfrey did not give the parents details of the allegations other than to say that the dormitory parent "  did n't treat the girls the way she likes , " Hine said . She said parents were told at the start of the meeting that Winfrey "  does not want the thing to be in the media . It was a private meeting . " The controversy that now surrounds the school now offers a sharp contrast to the glitter and air of limitless hope when Winfrey brought a gaggle of Hollywood stars with her to officially open the well-appointed school . The criminal probe was opened after a team of three American experts hired by Winfrey gave police the results of their initial investigation , police said . "  We came to the conclusion that there were criminal elements and then we opened the case for investigation , " said Police Superintendent Lungelo Dlamini . Dlamini told CNN that the team of U.S. experts hired by Winfrey to conduct the internal investigation included Robert Farley , a retired Cook County , Illinois , detective . He said two American social workers were also on the team . Previously , Winfrey -- who has spoken publicly about the abuse she suffered as a child -- issued a statement on October 17 saying , "  Nothing is more serious or devastating to me than an allegation of misconduct by an adult against any girl at the academy . " In the statement , Samuel said South African child protection services were notified and the dorm parent was removed from the campus . "  We have engaged professional investigators of the highest standing from South Africa and the United States to conduct a fair and impartial inquiry into these claims , " the statement said . The school 's head has agreed to take a paid leave of absence pending the results of the investigation , although she is not the subject of the allegation , Samuel said . The national prosecuting authority is deciding whether criminal charges will be filed . In an October 23 statement , Samuel referred inquiries to the South African Child Protection Services Unit . E-mail to a friend	Dorm parent accused of abuse at Oprah Winfrey 's South African school One mother of student supports Winfrey : "  Oprah is an angel " Allegations under investigation by Americans , South Africans
U.S. intelligence agencies fear Edward Snowden has achieved celebrity as a leaker and could be inspiring others to disclose classified national security information . One indication of that may be in new documents published this week by the Intercept , the website begun by Glenn Greenwald , who published Snowden 's leaks . Government officials believe the documents , labeled "  Secret , " came from a Pentagon-run computer network called SIPRnet that government agencies used to share classified information . Investigators are looking for the leak . Rep. Adam Schiff , a member of the House Intelligence Committee , called it the "  copycat phenomenon " and noted it was a big concern . "  The degree that people have been lionizing Snowden , it encourages people to make a name for themselves by leaking , " Schiff told CNN in an interview . Schiff said the issue has come up in intelligence briefings that he could n't talk about . "  It 's a concern we 've discussed : That Snowden has become the model for other leakers , " he said . Snowden inspired by others Snowden has said that he was inspired by others who disclosed secrets , including Daniel Ellsberg , who leaked the Pentagon Papers in 1971 . He also has said that he considered the former Army private , now called Chelsea Manning , a hero . Manning leaked hundreds of thousands of classified documents to the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . Like Snowden is now by the Obama administration , Ellsberg was demonized at first by the Nixon administration . Decades later Ellsberg is widely praised for revealing the government 's secret dealings in Vietnam and neighboring countries . Snowden , who has lived in exile in Russia for a year to avoid U.S. criminal charges , has encouraged others to come forward . In the year since his leaks on U.S. surveillance practices , the Obama administration has tried to improve security at the agencies handling the nation 's secrets . NSA security tightened The National Security Agency , where Snowden worked as a contractor , has tightened its computer security aiming to ensure no one can carry out a theft of the size of which was attributed to Snowden : 1.7 million documents . The Director of National Intelligence has issued rules across all related agencies to try to better track contact with the media . At the same time , the administration is bowing to countervailing pressure to limit how prosecutors pursue leak investigations . It is now reining-in aggressive tactics , such as declaring journalists co-conspirators with leakers and subpoenaing journalists to reveal sources . The spate of leak scandals stems in part from the government 's move since the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks to more broadly share information . Some of the 9/11 hijackers were being tracked by one or more federal agencies . But the failure to share information across various agencies is one reason why the 9/11 attacks succeeded , officials have said . Schiff said the lesson learned then was to "  break down the silos " of information . That effort , perhaps went too far . "  Beginning with Manning , you see people having access to things they had no reason to access to , " Schiff said . "  The pendulum is clearly swinging back in the other direction . " Millions get clearances A recent GAO study concluded the Pentagon approved as many as 3.2 million people for access to secret and higher-level classified information between 2006 and 2011 . Schiff said there were far too many people with security clearances . At the same time , he said the government 's national security work requires some secrecy . Revealing the methods by which security agencies try to prevent terror could show terrorists how to evade detection and thereby increase the risk of a disastrous attack . Intelligence agencies are "  kind of damned if they do and damned if they do n't , " he said . Obama , Congress working on changes to NSA Opinion : NSA and your phone records : What should Obama do ? Review board finds potential abuses in NSA phone , internet surveillance	Intel agencies fear Edward Snowden has achieved celebrity as a leaker They want to know if that means he 's inspiring others to disclose national security information New documents published this week by Glenn Greenwald raise new questions
CNN  -- Thirty was not a good year for Michelle Jackson . A few weeks before her birthday , she lost her job . Then her husband left her -- with a 1Â 1/2 - year-old at home . So it 's understandable that as her 40th birthday approached , the Milwaukee resident was nervous . Sure , she had a new job that she loved and her husband had returned . But the medical data analyst was more than 150 pounds overweight , despite working every day with experts who stressed the importance of staying healthy . Around her 38th birthday , Jackson came across an article about weight loss . It discussed aging and how middle-aged women have to work out three times a week just to maintain their weight . After 40 , Jackson remembers reading in horror , metabolism slows and the pounds do n't come off as easily . Unfortunately , says CNN 's diet and fitness expert Dr. Melina Jampolis , that 's not a myth . Jampolis says she sees evidence of it all the time in her practice -- women over 40 who are attending spin class every day and restricting calories , frustrated because they ca n't drop five pounds . There 's nothing magic about the age of 40 , Jampolis says . But in the premenopausal years , a woman 's sex hormones start to change . The body produces less healthy estrogen , and more estrone -- a type of estrogen that comes from your body 's fat tissue . More estrone leads to insulin resistance and a loss of muscle mass . And with their hormones going crazy , women start to crave carbohydrates and sweets . "  It 's like PMS on steroids , " Jampolis says . "  The best thing to do is a preventative attack in your 30s . It 's going to be much , much harder to lose the weight in your 40s . " Jackson decided to take control of her upcoming milestone . "  At the time I was 38 .  I thought  , ` I 'm going to turn 40 regardless . Why do n't I accomplish something in two years instead of being in the same place ? ' " She launched her mission : "  Fit By 40 . " But starting a new lifestyle was easier said than done . "  I 'm regarded as a pretty great home cook and take a lot of pride in that , " Jackson wrote in her iReport submission . "  I 've also never been any good  with  sports -- physical sport typically conjured feelings of embarrassment . It was daunting to consider eating differently and exercising regularly because I was contemplating something larger : losing the compliments on my cooking and facing embarrassment at the gym . " Always data-obsessed , Jackson started using SparkPeople.com to plot her weight along a goal line . She cut her calories to 1,600 a day and started logging 30 to 45 minutes at the gym three times a week . Jampolis says weight training needs to be a priority for women before and after 40 . More muscle leads to a higher calorie-burn -- essential when your metabolism decides to limp along . Also important is eating a healthy diet , Jampolis says . Vegetables , fruits and grains should be spaced out between several servings of lean protein . "  Women are super busy in their 30s ; they 're usually raising kids or kicking butts in their career , " she says . "  They really need to put  the focus  back on themselves to make a smooth transition to their 40s . " On the new plan , Jackson 's weight dropped at a steady rate . Since March 2011 , she 's lost more than 100 pounds . Along the way , she realized she had always known how to get healthy . The problem was n't a lack of information . The problem was motivation . "  If you had asked me when I was at my heaviest how being heavy had impacted me , I would have said , ` not at all , ' " Jackson says . "  I was comfortable in my own skin . " She did n't consider herself unhealthy at 330 pounds . Yet after losing weight , she stopped snoring , went off her asthma medication , felt less pain in her knee while walking and threw out the acid reflux medication she used to take before bed . "  Michelle is a driven , determined and strong-willed force , " her friend and co-worker Krissy Fischer says . "  When she committed to weight loss , there was no doubt she would succeed . Michelle was never shy , but she has become even more confident , outgoing and self-assured as she has lost weight . " Jackson wo n't reach her goal weight of 164 pounds -- a healthy body mass index for her 5-foot-8 frame -- by her birthday in February . She could add more intense workouts or drop her calorie intake , but she wants to maintain a lifestyle she can keep up for the rest of her life . As her big birthday approaches , she is n't nervous anymore . "  I 'm excited for it , " she says . "  I 've taken 40 into my hands . " Share your weight loss story on iReport	Michelle Jackson got nervous about her weight as her 40th birthday approached Women 's metabolisms slow in the premenopausal years because of hormone changes Weight training and eating a balanced diet is important to stay healthy after 40
CNN  -- CNN Hero Wilma Melville is helping rescued dogs find new life as rescuers themselves . She and her nonprofit , the National Disaster Search Dog Foundation , partner shelter dogs with firefighters and train them to save lives after a disaster . Since 1996 , the group has trained 131 search-and-rescue teams around the country -- for free -- and responded to 80 disasters across the world , including the September 11 attacks and the Japanese earthquake earlier this year . CNN 's Lan Trinh recently spoke with Melville about the group 's efforts . Lan Trinh : What characteristics make a good search dog ? Wilma Melville : We look for a dog with high energy , an ability to focus . The dog has to have what we call drive . He wants a job . ... In addition to that , he has to like other dogs  and  be affectionate with humans . He has to not care about peculiar footing under his feet , slippery stuff , moving stuff . ... He has to not be noise-sensitive . And if he is startled , he does n't run away or freak out . Trinh : In 1995 , it could take three or four years to train a search dog and his handler . Your group has shrunk that training time to about a year . What are you doing differently ? Melville :  People  were raising puppies with the hope that the puppy would have all the characteristics needed to become a search dog . ... I thought , "  Where can I get a dog that 's about a year old with the characteristics needed in a disaster search dog ? Where can I get a dog like that ? " And I thought , "  Maybe in a shelter . Maybe the Humane Society . " ... A little math will show you that if a dog can work until he 's about 10 years of age , and he 's 2 or 3 when he begins his job , he has maybe six or seven years of working life . At the rate that we were producing teams in 1995 , they would be retiring at the same rate we were producing them . Trinh : Most of your search dogs come from shelters . What happens to dogs that get selected but do n't have what it takes to make it through the entire training program ? Melville : If we do take a dog into our program , we say to him : "  You have lifetime care , buddy . You 've tried hard , but if one or two characteristics are missing and you ca n't make it through the six - to eight-month training , we 'll provide lifetime care . " This means a loving home , a good home , and staying with that home and with that dog for the lifetime of the dog . Trinh : What personal satisfaction do you get from doing this work ? Melville : The personal satisfaction is making a huge difference in the way dogs are trained for canine disaster search plus the quality of teams that are produced . One can accept mediocrity in a restaurant or in a retail store , but one can not accept mediocrity in those dogs and handlers that are searching for people that are possibly alive . The window of time to locate that person alive is very small . The relief that onlookers have when a dog is searching is immense . Trinh : Do you think you have a sixth sense for dogs ? Melville :  laughs  Certainly , I 've been with dogs all my life . I do n't remember a time that I did n't have a dog . But much of what I know has been learned and with the right attitude . ... I think the dog tries much harder to understand us than we do him . We 're a little behind in that area . Read the full story on CNN Hero Wilma Melville : To the rescue -- finding a purpose for rejected shelter dogs	The National Search Dog Foundation has trained 131 rescue teams since 1996 Most of its rescue dogs come from shelters , says founder and CNN Hero Wilma Melville The group provides lifetime care for the dogs -- even those that do n't get through the training
Mashable  -- In an update to one of the more iconic "  year-end " magazine editions , People has launched a "  Sexiest Man Alive on Facebook " campaign to complement its "  Sexiest Man Alive " issue , which hits newsstands later this month . For the campaign , People has chosen five celebs that are n't just "  sexy "  as defined by the editors , we presume  , but also have a big presence in social media . Notably , the Old Spice guy is on the list , as well as Vin Diesel  who we 've long noted is disproportionately popular on Facebook  and NFL social media super user Chad Ochocinco . Enrique Iglesias and "  Jersey Shore 's " Pauly D round out the five celebrities that People 's Facebook fans can vote for through November 10 . The winner will be revealed in the "  Sexiest Man Alive " issue -- the 25th edition of the feature . While hardly the most innovative application , we imagine it will be a win for People -- which also recently launched its iPad app -- as its social media obsessed nominees encourage their fans to vote . Who do you think should take the title ? Let us know in the comments . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Peopke magazine launches campaign on Facebook to complement "  Sexiest Man Alive " issue Magazine chose five celebs that are n't just "  sexy " but have presence in social media Facebook fans can vote for their favorites through November 10
CNN  -- Sir Philip Green is the retail king of Great Britain , but can his empire of clothing stores conquer the U.S. ? The launch of his flagship Topshop store in New York was delayed and coincided with the height of recession two years ago , but the self-made billionaire still believes he can crack America . "  There 's nothing I have seen that tells me we ca n't get this brand to work in America , " says Green . Green 's Arcadia Group has over 2,500 outlets in the UK , including affordable fashion chain , Topshop , and employs over 44,000 staff . His transformation of Topshop from cheap high street shop to a fashion-forward brand has grabbed the attention of supermodels , fashionistas and the queen of fashion , U.S. Vogue editor-in-chief , Anna Wintour . A good combination to grow a brand in the U.S. "  Philip has a larger than life personality ...  He  has been very successful in attracting attention for Topshop , " says Wintour . "  Asking Kate Moss to design a collection that really put the spotlight on Topshop in a way that had n't before , so that was a very smart move . " The supermodel is no-longer connected to the brand , but the New York store has weathered the recession and built up the brand despite some misgivings from Green himself . "  Being honest , would I rather be a hundred meters further north in Broadway ? Yes , I would , " he says . "  Is it the furthest south a retailer has taken on that 's never traded in America ? Did we take a site that was horrid , did it have risk in terms of where it is , how far down SoHo it is , getting people to come down there ? " They may be rhetorical questions , but despite the calculated risks Green and his Arcadia Group remains an emerging player in the U.S. retail scene where so many British companies have tried and failed before : a common joke in the rag-trade says that the only way to make a small fortune in America is start with a large fortune . "  It is a bit of a gamble because it 's such a sophisticated market , but the risks are worth the rewards , " says Isabel Cavill from Planet Retail . "  The U.S. is still the largest retail market in the world . " Cavill cites the lack of brand awareness , too rapid expansion and badly thought out partnerships with U.S. chains as typical reasons why British and other foreign brands have failed to make much of a dent in the U.S. . Last year profits of Arcadia Group were more than healthy -- around $ 440 million in 2010 -- but faced with the U.S. market , "  we are a pimple in terms of one brand , in terms of scale , of what the size of the opportunity could be , " Green says . "  Naturally if we want to build a global business , we have got to develop so I think from an investment strategy , from size of the marketplace , from what I think we need to do with the brand ,  we need  to move the needle as they say . " Doubling the size of Topshop sounds a big ask , he says , but "  there 's good acceptance of the product , there 's good acceptance of the brand , there 's work to do but I think we 've got a shot . " Opening new stores in other big cosmopolitan cities in the U.S. is the immediate plan ; one that Wintour believes would be successful . "  The American retail market is different from the British one , " she says . "  Philip does n't take unnecessary risk but with everything being so positive in the States and the economy picking up , I 'm really hopeful that he 'll expand across the country . "  America is a more casual country  than the UK  . You go outside of the more fashionable cities you tend to see a lot of jeans and sweatshirts , it 's less responsive to what Topshop stands for . "  I 'm confident that with Philip 's expertise he will conquer the United States the way that he has conquered Britain . "	British retail billionaire Sir Philip Green aims to make his fashion brand big in the U.S. Editor-in-chief of American Vogue thinks Green will be successful where many others have failed Green 's Topshop has a flagship store in Manhattan with expansion plans to other U.S. cities
CNN  -- Our bikes rattle over the cobbles as we leave Grote Markt in central Ypres and nose our way toward the Menin Gate . On July 9 , this stone arch memorial to the thousands killed in battles around this pretty Belgian market town between 1914 and 1918 , will see the riders of the Tour de France pass through . The centenary of World War I looms large over this year 's Tour and organizers have ensured that the race pays fitting tribute to the millions who lost their lives on the Western Front . Stages also go through the Somme and Verdun , key sites where Allied and German forces engaged in a brutal war of attrition . These stages are also a fitting way to commemorate riders of the prewar races who lost their lives in the fighting . Lucien Petit-Breton , Francois Faber and Octave Lapize , winners of the tour in 1907/8 , 1909 and 1910 respectively , were all killed in action . Marcel Kerff , who raced in the first Tour in 1903 , was among the first Belgians to be killed in August 1914 . Cycling a way of life This year is the first time that the Tour passes through Ypres and , despite the air of remembrance , excitement is building . Cycling is a way of life here , with the "  Cobbled Classic " Tour of Flanders tackling some of the pretty , winding country lanes of the surrounding region . My guide , Jerome , fully kitted out in Lycra , hands me gingerbread for much-needed energy as we read the myriad names on the walls of the Menin Gate before we take on another cobbled lane and leave the town behind . The route to Arenberg follows wider , main roads , so Jerome leads us away from the traffic to explore the excellent tourist riding routes that the local government has signposted . Soon , we 're heaving up a 12 % gradient climb to the top of one of the few hills in this flat region . The views back to the spires of the churches in Ypres are huge and it 's easy to see why this high ground was treasured by the Germans during the war . It allowed them to launch massive attacks on the town , which was flattened by artillery and completely rebuilt during the 1920s . Loudest explosion ever We press on , cycling to the Pool of Peace , a pretty pond surrounded by trees that 's just one of a number of craters created after a series of huge explosions under German lines in June 1917 . At the time it was the loudest explosion ever and its noise could even be heard in London . Across the road from this once barren place is Lone Tree Cemetery , a beautifully maintained spot where Allied miners killed in the explosions were laid to rest . It 's hard to square such chaos and noise with the peace and quiet that abounds in this now green corner of Belgium . Back in Ypres after a 45-kilometer  28 mile  ride that also takes in a thigh-stinging cobbled climb to the towering French Memorial at the top of Kemmelberg , I call in at the In Flanders Fields Museum  +32 57 23 92 20  to meet researcher Annick Vandenbilcke . Her team is currently pulling together a display detailing the history of sports and WWI , with cycling a large part of their focus . In the hushed reading room , she explains about Belgian troops cycling into battle in the early days of the war . She shows me photos of soldiers and their trusty steeds . With the dawn of war , racing bikes were replaced by more stout models , as a modern form of cavalry briefly held sway over the Western Front . Battlefield perspective The next morning I opt for a leisurely ride to see more of the key battlefield sights and cemeteries . I ease my bike out of Ypres and follow the designated Peace Route , which takes in the Tyne Cot  Allied  Cemetery , the ruins of the much fought over Hill 60 , the superb Passchendaele 1917 Museum  +32 51 77 04 41  and Langemark , where German troops lie buried . This ride is much less taxing than the Tour de France/Spring Classic route I tried the day before and my guide Patrick and I are able to ride side-by-side along a series of well maintained cycle paths . Fellow riders are scarce , most tourists preferring to take a bus tour . Riding up to these historic spots , however , affords a better idea of just what the soldiers who fought so valiantly would have gone through . This close to the ground , stopping every 10 minutes to see another cemetery , another crater , it 's possible to see how small the gains were for both sides , how futile the loss of life for barely 20 feet of land . The Tour may only zip through Ypres and Flanders , but anyone with more time than the world 's speediest cyclists would do well to rent a bike and enjoy a leisurely trip around this historic countryside . Well marked routes , peaceful resting spots and a sense of remembrance at every turn make this a good way to reflect on the centenary of one of the most vicious wars in history . Alternative WWI bike rides An excellent circular route runs from Albert to La Boiselle and Poizieres taking in the Thiepval memorial before heading to Beaumont Hamel and the new Newfoundland Memorial and trenches . The end point , in Albert , features the stunning Basilica with the Golden Virgin . Another ride from Le Cateau to the cemetery at Le Pommereuil and then Maison Forestiere follows in the footsteps of WWI poet Wilfred Owen . It takes in a memorial to Owen and his grave in Ors , where he fell in the last days of the war . Also recommended is the ride from Peronne , where the Museum of the Great War is housed in a beautiful chateau . It takes in key Battles of the Somme sights , including the South African Memorial at Delville Wood and the memorial museum at Longueval . For more information visit Cycling in Flanders . Joe Minihane is a freelance travel writer . When not cycling stretches of the Tour de France , he can be found in London , New York or wild swimming across the UK for his blog Waterlog Reswum .	This year 's Tour de France travels through Flanders region of Belgium to pay tribute to the millions who died in World War I Annual "  Cobbled Classic " Tour of Flanders tackles the region 's country lanes Riding rather than driving to historic battlefields gives better idea of what soldiers would have gone through Some Belgian soldiers cycled into battle in World War I
CNN  -- Feeding India 's hungry school children is an undertaking unparalleled anywhere -- the $ 22 billion-a-year scheme provides a hot meal to an estimated 120 million students every school day . Reetika Khera , an economist at the Indian Institute of Technology Delhi who has studied the scheme , credits the "  very ambitious , very large and very popular " program with having a huge impact on student enrollment and attendance in a country in which , according to official government figures , nearly half of all children are malnourished . But the tragic deaths of at least 22 children and hospitalization of 24 more after eating a school meal in India 's northeastern Bihar state highlight the failings of the program to provide healthy -- or even safe -- meals , in some parts of the country where governance , accountability and poverty remain entrenched issues . Read more : Principal on the run , children recover The students became ill immediately after eating the meal of rice and potatoes in the village of Dahrmasati Gandawan on Tuesday . The circumstances leading up to the contamination , which has provoked violent protests in the region , remain murky , with the school 's principal and her husband having absconded and currently being sought by authorities , area police chief Sujit Kumar told CNN . But Bihar state Education Minister P.K. Shahi has said the children were poisoned by an insecticide that was in the food . Officials believe the substance involved was organophosphorus , a chemical that the U.S. Center for Disease Control and Prevention says is commonly used in agriculture . Khera said the national school meal program had its origins in a landmark decision by India 's Supreme Court in 2001 that decreed all government schools were required to provide free meals to students below the age of 13 . Until that point , the schools had been discharging their commitments to child nutrition "  by giving children 3kg of wheat or rice every month in lieu of giving them meals , " she said . "  The court said ` This will not do . ' " Within a year , most states had implemented systems to offer daily meals to their students , but in Bihar -- one of India 's poorest states she said , with a track record of poor governance and social welfare -- it took two years to start providing the service . "  Bihar is always a little bit behind everything , " she said . "  Around 2004-5 , they started rubbing their eyes and waking up and saying , ` Okay , we 've got to get on this thing . ' " Read more : Feeding school children in Bangalore On the whole , the program -- aimed at achieving educational and nutritional goals in one swoop -- has been hailed as a success , with studies showing significant increases in enrollment and attendance , particularly among disadvantaged groups , such as girls , dalits and adivasis , said Khera . "  By and large , it is a very important program and it has had a very good effect . " But the quality of the service has varied greatly across the country . Some states , such as Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu , developed sophisticated programs to deliver a quality service . By contrast , a 2010 study by India 's Planning Commission reported that more than 70 % of children in schools surveyed in Bihar were unhappy with the quality of their meals , three-quarters of the schools reported they lacked proper utensils , and many schools in Bihar complained of receiving their food supplies on a haphazard basis , resulting in hygiene issues . "  Problems still remain , especially in states like Bihar , Jharkand , Uttar Pradesh , West Bengal , " she said . "  There is a very serious problem of administrative capacity and law . The implementation is poor , the money they put into the program is very little and so the quality of the food that is provided in this region is a general concern . They 're still struggling with issues that a place like Rajasthan was dealing with 10 years ago . " The fact that there were no answers days after the tragedy was "  a reflection of the lackadaisical attitude of the Bihar government , " she said . "  Bihar needs to put mechanisms in place that will allow it to monitor these meals more effectively . " Further complicating the picture , she said , was the role of private contractors in the food supply chain , motivated by the promise of profiting from the government-funded programs . "  When you bring in contractors to supply meals , these people only come in it for the money . And when they come in for the money , they 're going to skimp any way they can -- by cutting corners , " she said . CNN-IBN , CNN 's sister network , reported Bihar 's education minister P.K. Sahi as claiming the school principal 's husband was the supplier of the food for the school meals . CNN has been unable to verify his claims with the principal or her husband , who authorities say have "  absconded . " Khera said that while contaminated school meals were not unheard of across the country , an incident on this scale would hopefully serve as a wake-up call to authorities to improve the service where it was required . "  But it 's hard to see that happening , because there 's a general problem of a lack of accountability , particularly in this state , " she said .	India provides a free hot meal a day to every student below the age of 13 It is the largest program of its kind , feeding 120 million children every school day The scheme is designed to tackle education and nutrition in one swoop But the quality of the food varies wildly , with some states providing substandard meals
CNN  -- Oklahoma civil rights activist and educator Clara Luper -- was best known for organizing a 1958 sit-in at a segregated Katz Drug Store in downtown Oklahoma City -- died Wednesday night at her home in Oklahoma City . She was 88 . Luper , who was celebrated as a pioneer of civil rights in Oklahoma , organzied a protest that lasted several days and ultimately resulted in the integration of 38 Katz Drug Stores in Oklahoma , Missouri , Kansas and Iowa . Oklahoma City Mayor Mick Cornett requested that all flags on city property to be flown at half staff in honor of Luper and her contribution to the city . In a statement issued from his office , Cornett described Luper as a "  great Oklahoman and a great American . " "  While her accomplishments are too many to list , her legacy is easily defined , " Cornett said in the statement . "  She made Oklahoma and the United States of America a better place to live and was a shining example of the distinctly American idea that while we might hail from many cultures , we are one people . " Throughout the 1960s , Luper worked with the local chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , to stage sit-ins and non-violent protests which ultimately led to the desegregation of restaurants in Oklahoma City . In an interview with CNN affiliate KWTV , Luper 's son , Calvin , said his mother was surrounded by family at the time of her death . He added , though she 's known for organizing the single sit-in , his mother was dedicated to making the life of citizens in Oklahoma better . "  Now we have to step up to the plate and accept the responsibility and do what Mom wanted us to do , and that would be to carry on her legacy of honesty and do anything else that would make our city and state a great place . " Luper is survived by her two daughters , a son and grandchildren .	Clara Luper died Wednesday at 88 Luper was an active member of the Oklahoma NAACP She is survived by her daughters , son and grandchildren In 1958 , Luper organized a sit-in at a Oklahoma City drug store
CNN  -- My neighbor recently discovered a four-digit passcode that unlocks the front doors to our apartment building . He shared the code with me , as well as with his girlfriend , buddies and a few other neighbors . I shared it with some people , and so did others . Within a few weeks , the building 's security system was buzzing constantly for people who did n't actually have one of the dozen or so physical keys given to tenants . My apartment building 's security is not all that different from the password-protected login system that forms a chain-link fence around Facebook , Google , iTunes or any other Internet service . Passwords are often shared among family , friends and spouses , and people typically use the same passwords for everything . Many experts say passwords are cybersecurity 's weak link . To minimize identity theft , the Obama administration is urging Internet companies to agree upon and adopt a standard , reliable identity-verification system that people can use for any website . Each person would choose one company , perhaps their e-mail service provider , to handle credentials for sensitive personal or financial information on other sites . In this hypothetical digital world , someone could buy books on Amazon.com using a Google account , while another person could sign up for a social network using a PayPal account . Because the U.S. government is involved , Americans might be able to download their tax forms by signing into , say , their Microsoft accounts . President Obama introduced the initiative in spring 2011 , and development of the technology seems to be moving at the speed of Washington , not Silicon Valley . Almost a year later , there 's no consensus among Web companies and government about what exactly this should look like and when we should expect to see it . Some websites have already embraced an idea similar to what is being proposed , without the government giving them a push . For example , users of TripIt , a travel organizer from Concur Technologies , can log in using their Facebook , Google or Yahoo accounts . But this typically involves small utilities piggybacking on the networks of larger companies . The biggest Internet players , such as Amazon , Apple , Facebook and Google , do not play well with each other . Instead , Facebook and Google boast about how quickly they are convincing users to volunteer their personal information in setting up profiles . Apple regularly mentions how many credit cards its iTunes service has on file -- at last count , more than 225 million . People involved in the government initiative said the major players have informally expressed interest . But a Google spokesman declined to make executives available for comment for this story . A Facebook spokesman declined to comment and a PayPal spokeswoman did n't respond to a request for comment . These companies may view their respective platforms as a competitive advantage , said Don Thibeau , the executive chairman for the OpenID Foundation . His organization has been trying to provide a sort of universal login system that includes Google and Yahoo , but some users find the system 's row of tiny buttons confusing . OpenID will launch a simplified , single-button alternative called Connect in the next few months , Thibeau said . Thibeau said he believes technology companies may eventually realize the limits of their identity silos . Similar to how people can now send text messages to friends on different cellular networks , or how a Mac user can open a Microsoft Word file , Internet login systems should one day standardize , he said . "  This notion of standards , as boring as it is , is really the plumbing of the Internet economy , " Thibeau said . "  It turns out that you can only go so far with business and Internet services until you come up with standards . Standards build markets . Standards help the pie grow bigger . " Internet giants have not been eager to unite on their own . For various reasons , having the government involved either provides the best possibility for bringing rivals together or will poison the well , according to people involved . Companies and citizens alike can sometimes have an allergic reaction to government intervention , especially when privacy is involved . When President Obama announced last year that he was handing over the keys for an online identity initiative to the U.S. Commerce Department , talk of an "  online driver 's license " ensued . Observers say that 's not an apt analogy because the identity system , as proposed , would n't be required for using the Web , nor would it be issued by the government . But the idea of a government-controlled database spooked many people . What Obama 's proposal describes is a series of security problems on the Internet , such as insecure passwords and people handing over sensitive data to dozens of companies , as well as some vague suggestions for how to solve them . "  It 's not a piece of legislation , " said Aaron Brauer-Rieke , a fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology , an Internet privacy group in Washington . "  Instead , it 's the federal government saying here is our vision of how to improve identity on the Internet . " A year ago , Jeremy Grant inherited the project . He is a senior executive for the Commerce Department 's National Institute of Standards and Technology , and he is playing government liaison to tech companies and privacy advocates as part of the National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace , or NSTIC . The government 's prospective standard for online identity is not expected to result in a law , as long as companies can come to an agreement among themselves . The system could be regulated by the Federal Trade Commission , said people involved in the planning . "  The way that Washington tends to affect change is to either pass a law or to pass a regulation to make something happen , " Grant said . "  NSTIC is a bit of a policy experiment . " After failed government experiments , the United States has observed that an online ID has to be driven by companies , not countries , and has to keep Internet anonymity intact , Grant said . "  We could , on paper , come up with what would be the perfect mousetrap , and no one would want to buy it , " Grant said . "  The federal government does n't care if you 're a dog -LSB- online -RSB- or not . Anonymity and pseudonymity have always been hallmarks of the Internet . " Bidding will begin this month on NSTIC pilot programs that should launch in the summer to demonstrate what an online identity framework could look like , Grant said . The government will carefully determine what safeguards will be implemented in the identification process and the punishments for violators , he said . Some sites could begin launching NSTIC login options in about two years , he said . Others were not so optimistic . Persuading every major Internet company and then every Web user to sign up will be a massive undertaking , said Brauer-Rieke , from the Center for Democracy and Technology . "  The work of herding cats is just beginning , " he said . Because this is such an unusual policy experiment , the government can not point to a similar program in the past that has been successful , said Thibeau , who is also the chairman of the Open Identity Exchange , which counts AT&T , Google , PayPal and Verizon among its members . Also , other countries may object to an initiative led by the United States , he said . What this system will look like remains undefined . People may have to type in a temporary password received via text message , answer quiz questions or identify friends in photographs , according to people involved in the initiative . NSTIC could even require a hardware dongle that users plug into their computers , though that 's unlikely as people increasingly move to mobile devices that do n't have standard inputs , they said . Just about everyone involved is in agreement that today 's model of people picking their own passwords will not survive much longer . "  The greatest threat to security and the greatest threat to privacy are passwords , " Thibeau said . "  Passwords are really yesterday 's news . "	Obama administration is proposing a standardized login system for the Web People would choose Facebook , Google or another site as their provider The identity-verification system would then work on any website Because the government does n't plan to write a law , this is a policy experiment
CNN  -- Imagine taking a peaceful flight , gliding along without much noise or any fuel , effortlessly descending into the airport without a trace of emissions . Sounds like a dream ? It is . But one we can imagine in the not-so-distant future . E-Fan , the brainchild of parent Airbus Group , is a prototype hybrid electric motor glider which will first be used for training pilots for their license at a school in Bordeaux , France , by 2017 . It debuted with its first public test flight in April 2014 , and the two-seater electric aircraft is powered by two batteries , producing 60 kilowatts of power , which will be able to run for half an hour . The E-Fan has been a continuous journey of evolution , says chief technical officer Jean Botti . "  This is a learning curve to get to the big ones in the future . " It started five years ago when Airbus Group experimented with the Cri-Cri , a tiny plane based on the 1970s Cri-Cri , one of the smallest twin-engine planes in history . Besides the benefits of noise and emissions reduction , the reduced cost of training pilots with the E-Fan is incredible , says Botti . It costs about two cents per hour to fly the electric plane , a number which is up to 20-50 times cheaper than the normal fuel costs of today 's aircraft , he says . Ultimately , these savings will get passed on to the customer , explained Botti , as the electric-powered flight training becomes a reality . What 's ahead for electric ? Eventually , the company has its eye on building planes for regional flights , with up to 90 people flying for three hours , although this is still 15-20 years away , says Botti . "  We 're not talking about replacing the A380 , " he says . But the shorter-term goals also include helicopters with hybrid electric technology . For Airbus Group , much of the investment is being mobilized by the European Commission 's "  Flightpath 2050 " which aims to cut aircraft CO2 emissions by 75 % , and noise levels to be reduced by 65 % from their 2000 levels . The goal is to make tens to hundreds of these planes , and Airbus Group says it will be designed by schools with apprenticeship programs in order to help raise up the new engineers of tomorrow . The biggest challenge for E-Fan is developing new energy storage . "  We can not afford to stay with the state of batteries today . We need to go much higher in terms of efficiency , " says Botti , adding that the company 's new research center in Munich , Germany , will have the capacity to do just that . Alternative planes take off It 's not just Airbus looking to alternative aircraft to help save energy , cut fuel consumption and reduce noise . There are several others developing alternative aircraft with their own success . Recently , the Solar Impulse 2 , a fully solar-powered aircraft , was unveiled by a Swiss duo which will attempt to fly non-stop for 120 hours without any fuel next year . Made of carbon fiber , its predecessor , Solar Impulse , smashed aviation records as it succeeded in the first solar-powered overnight flight , lasting 26 hours in 2010 . Another creation is the Dutch-designed , German-built Antares 23E , an electric aircraft with 23-meter wings which can glide for 60 kilometers  37 miles  . The Antares 23E can climb to 3,500 meters on a single battery charge .	Electric hybrid motors signal a greener , quieter flight path Airbus group developing electric planes to train pilots by 2017 Company plans to have electric flights for 90 passengers in 15-20 years
CNN  -- Susan Atkins , a terminally ill former Charles Manson follower convicted in the murder of actress Sharon Tate , on Tuesday was denied a compassionate release from prison . Susan Atkins , Califorina 's longest-serving female inmate , is shown in her most recent mug shot . Atkins , 60 , has been diagnosed with brain cancer and has had a leg amputated , her attorney said . In June , she requested the release , available to terminally ill inmates with less than six months to live . The California Board of Parole Hearings ' decision -- posted Tuesday on its Web site -- came after a public hearing on Atkins ' request . It means the request will not be forwarded to the Los Angeles Superior Court that sentenced Atkins . The court would have had the final say on Atkins ' release . Her attorney , Eric P. Lampel , called the parole board 's decision "  unfortunate . " " -LSB- The board -RSB- ignored the vast majority of evidence presented , " Lampel said . "  There was a huge amount of pro-compassionate release testimony from many witnesses . It apparently fell on deaf ears . " Known within the Manson Family as Sadie Mae Glutz , Atkins and four others were convicted in connection with the deaths of five people , including Tate , in August 1969 . According to historical accounts of the murder , Atkins stabbed Tate , who was eight months pregnant , and scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home the actress shared with director Roman Polanski . By her own admission , Atkins held Tate down and rejected her pleas for mercy , stabbing the pregnant woman 16 times . Atkins ' request roused long-dormant memories of the two-day killing spree that terrorized Los Angeles and left seven people dead . It polarized those who were involved in the case -- and even those who were n't -- over whether she should die behind bars . Atkins told a 1993 parole board that Tate pleaded for her unborn child 's life as she held her down . "  She asked me to let her baby live , " Atkins said . " ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . " Three of Tate 's houseguests were also slain by the killers , as was a teenager visiting the home 's caretaker in his cottage out back . Atkins was also convicted in the earlier murder of music teacher Gary Hinman . One of the first people Atkins confessed to was Virginia Graham , who shared a cell with her before investigators determined the Manson Family was responsible for the murders . Graham said last month she believed Atkins should die in prison . "  She showed that poor woman absolutely no mercy , none , " Graham said . "  So why should anybody show her mercy at this time ? " Sharon Tate 's sister , Debra , has staunchly opposed Atkins ' release . "  She will be set free when judged by God , " Debra Tate has said . "  It 's important that she die in incarceration . " Los Angeles County District Attorney Steve Cooley said Monday he was strongly opposed to the release , saying in a letter to the board it would be "  an affront to people of this state , the California criminal justice system and the next of kin of many murder victims . " Cooley noted in his letter that Atkins was initially sentenced to death , like others in the Manson Family , including its leader , Charles Manson . Their sentences were commuted to life in prison in 1972 , when the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the death penalty laws as they were written at the time . California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Tuesday he was also opposed to releasing Atkins . "  I do n't believe in -LSB- compassionate release -RSB- , " the governor told reporters . "  I think that they have to stay in , they have to serve their time . " Even if Atkins is dying , Schwarzenegger said , "  Those kinds of crimes are just so unbelievable that I 'm not for the compassionate release . " Earlier , Suzan Hubbard , director of adult prisons in California , also recommended against granting Atkins ' request . Vincent Bugliosi , who prosecuted Atkins and other members of the Manson Family , said he supported her release , if only to save the state money . Through Monday , the cost for Atkins ' medical care since she was hospitalized March 18 totaled more than $ 1.15 million , and the costs for guarding her hospital room are more than $ 308,000 , said California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation spokeswoman Terry Thornton . Terminally ill inmates rarely are allowed compassionate release , records show . In 2007 , 60 such requests were made to the department , Thornton has said . Ten were approved . Atkins , who has been incarcerated since 1971 , is California 's longest-serving female inmate . According to a Web site maintained by her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse , she is now a born-again Christian . During her incarceration , the site says , Atkins worked to help at-risk youth , violent crime victims and homeless children , among others . The Web site does not mention Atkins ' illness . Lampel said last month Atkins is paralyzed on one side . "  She can talk a little bit , " Lampel said . "  She ca n't sit up in bed without assistance , and obviously she ca n't walk around because she 's an amputee . " Atkins has expressed remorse for her crimes . "  I know the pain I caused Mrs. Tate , " she said at a parole board hearing in 1985 . ln May , authorities dug for buried bodies at the Inyo County , California , ranch where Manson and his followers once lived , after police became aware that testing had indicated human remains might be buried there . Nothing was found , authorities said . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Manson follower , 60 , terminally ill , expected to die within six months Susan Atkins is bedridden , can barely speak Atkins stabbed pregnant victim Sharon Tate 16 times Atkins , who was convicted of five 1969 murders , has brain cancer
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- North Korean and South Korean military units exchanged gunfire near their border Friday , South Korean authorities said . No casualties were reported . The exchange happened after North Korean forces fired two rounds from a 14.5 millimeter machine gun at a South Korean military guard post near the border town of Chorwon , South Korea , about 73 miles  118 km  northeast of Seoul , according to an official at the Joint Chiefs of Staff . The South Korean unit responded with three "  warning shots " from a .50 - caliber machine gun and warned the North Korean guard post by loudspeaker to desist , the official said . The demilitarized zone at the location of the shooting is 1.3 kilometers  0.8 miles  wide . Chorwon was the scene of heavy fighting during the 1950-53 Korean War . North Korea on Friday threatened to retaliate against its neighbor for shunning bilateral military talks . The gunfire exchange apparently wo n't cancel reunions of families separated by the Korean War , which ended in a truce but no formal peace treaty . The weeklong reunions begin Saturday at Mount Kumgang , the two countries ' joint mountain resort in the North . North Korea has requested record shipments of rice and fertilizer in exchange for concessions on the reunions , the South Korean Yonhap news agency reported earlier this week . While there are occasional shooting incidents across the demilitarized zones , the tensest flash point on the peninsula in recent years has been the disputed maritime border in the Yellow Sea . There were fatal naval clashes there in 1999 and 2002 . In March this year , the sinking of a South Korean vessel killed 26 in what a South Korean and international investigation team concluded was a North Korean torpedo attack . North Korea continues to deny involvement . The prickly relationship between the countries since the Korean War has had periodic conciliatory moves and flare-ups . Friday 's incident occurred two weeks before the G-20 summit in Seoul . The G-20 includes industrialized nations and developing economies , which focus on economic issues and economic policy coordination . Authorities said a total of 50,000 police and riot police will be deployed during the summit on November 11 and 12 , according to Yonhap . Journalist Andrew Salmon contributed to this report .	The incident was at the border of North Korea , South Korea Incident reportedly occurred at a guard post The demilitarized zone at the location is not very wide
CNN  -- Al-Jazeera cameraman Sami al-Hajj arrived home in the Sudanese capital of Khartoum early Friday after nearly six years in the U.S. Navy prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Al-Jazeera cameraman Sami al-Hajj at a hospital in Khartoum after his release from Guantanamo Bay . "  I was so happy that I cried , " al-Hajj told the Qatar-based Arabic news network by phone from his hospital room , where he was taken after arriving at the airport . "  It is our right to be happy and to rejoice , but we also miss our brothers that we left behind and who live in very difficult conditions . " An official with the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum said the transfer brought to an end a matter that the United States and Sudan considered to be "  of great mutual concern . " Al-Hajj , a Sudanese citizen in his late 30s , was captured in Afghanistan in December 2001 by Pakistani intelligence officers and handed over to the United States , which accused him of being an "  enemy combatant . " A senior Pentagon official confirmed the journalist 's release . Al-Hajj was held without being charged or given a trial , Al-Jazeera reported . The cameraman was on a legitimate assignment and carried a work visa at the time of his capture , the network said . It also reported that the U.S. plane that carried al-Hajj had about 20 other former detainees aboard who also had been released from Guantanamo Bay . The plane dropped off a Moroccan national , identified as Al-Saeed Bou Jaadiya , the network said . Al-Jazeera aired video showing a bearded al-Hajj being carried from the plane in Khartoum by U.S. military personnel and laid on a stretcher . He was transported to Al-Amal Hospital . "  He was brought in here by ambulance and entered to the intensive care unit on a stretcher , " said Al-Jazeera Director General Wadah Khanfar from the hospital . "  He was exhausted and very sick , and he 's receiving the necessary care in the hospital . " Khanfar said he was awaiting word from doctors on his medical condition . In a statement , U.S. Charge D'Affaires Alberto Fernandez of the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum said the transfer "  is a result of many factors and the work of many hands . An important one was the cooperation between the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum and the Sudanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the National Intelligence and Security Service . " Al-Hajj had been on a hunger strike for more than a year and was being force-fed , said Zachary Katznelson , a lawyer who has worked on al-Hajj 's case since August 2005 and last visited him three weeks ago . "  Al-Hajj is remarkably thin , " Katznelson said . "  He looks like an ill man . " The journalist was conscious , but did not appear to speak to anyone as paramedics rolled his stretcher inside . Family members stooped to kiss him as the gurney passed . "  I would have hoped they were here with me now . I look forward to the moment , " al-Hajj said told Al-Jazeera before being reunited with his family . Earlier , al-Hajj 's wife spoke to the network about his release . "  Now I can think differently , " Asma Ismailov said . "  Now I can plan my life differently . Everything will be all right , God willing . " Al-Hajj 's young son , Mohammed , said he would "  kiss his head " when he sees his father . "  I 'll tell him that I love him and I need him . " The Sudanese government told Al-Jazeera that al-Hajj faced no charges in Sudan and is a free man . The network also said the United States placed some conditions on al-Hajj 's release , including one that prevents him from any political activity . Reporters Without Borders , which campaigned for al-Hajj 's release , said in a statement that the cameraman "  never should have been held so long . " "  U.S. authorities never proved that he had been involved in any kind of criminal activity , " the worldwide press freedom group said . The organization said al-Hajj was accused of gun-smuggling for al Qaeda and running an Islamist Web site , although no evidence supporting those charges was produced . "  We are delighted that Sami al-Hajj can finally be reunited with his family and friends , " said Joel Simon , executive director of the Committee to Protect Journalists . "  But his detention for six years , without the most basic due process , is a grave injustice and represents a threat to all journalists working in conflict areas . " E-mail to a friend	Sami al-Hajj arrives home in Sudan and is taken to hospital , network says Pakistani intelligence officers captured him in Afghanistan in December 2001 Al-Hajj was transferred to U.S. custody and held without charges or trial Al-Jazeera said he was on an assignment when he was apprehended
CNN  Hidden , but vocal , average Syrians are questioning one of the most feared terror groups in the world and attempting to hold them accountable for crimes committed against the civilian population . From an undisclosed location , a Syrian activist operating under the pseudonym Abu Rafiq spoke to CNN about the war taking place on one of ISIS 's main front lines -- social media . The targets of the grassroots offensive are foreign fighters , notorious for using their Twitter and Facebook accounts to encourage young people to join their jihad . "  We would like to deliver this message to those who are joining ISIS especially from Europe , America , and some Arab countries and make them understand this is not the way , and this is not humility and this is not Islam , " Abu Rafiq says , "  You ca n't just go and let some guy brainwash you and make you think you will go to paradise . " A handful of natives split evenly inside the ISIS strongholds of Raqqah and Abu Kamal recently launched the hashtags "  Scream from al-Raqqah " and "  Abu Kamal Under Fire " to heckle ISIS extremists and share photos and news from the occupied cities . Some of the images are grotesque ; one shows a decapitated man tied to a pole with his head in his lap , a warning of the consequences that may befall any who violate the terror group 's draconian rule . Other images seem to act almost as a proof of life -- a small sheet of paper held close to the camera with the name of Abu Rafiq 's group scribbled in blue ink , and in the background a recognizable landmark . "  We are hear  sic  and we continue to reveal ISIS 's crimes , " a caption on Twitter reads . Taking these types of photographs has already landed two of the activists in the custody of jihadis , according to Abu Rafiq who said that ISIS did not realize they were part of an organized opposition group and released them after a few days . But at least one endured torture at the hands of his captors , he said . "  The regime played the media card and ISIS did the same , and they are both very good at this , " Abu Rafiq said explaining the importance of press coverage . "  So I thought we have to do something about this , and all of the Syrian people thought the same , so I am one of those who joined against ISIS . " They were once taxi drivers and medical students , but now these activists are among the brave few engaging ISIS militants directly online -- questioning their beliefs and then posting the interactions for the world to see . "  Look at the murders of ISIS they cant  sic  even make excuses because they are brainwashed and they are like pieces on a chess board and when they are cornered they run away , " wrote one user above a screen shot showing his account had been blocked by an ISIS fighter after he badgered him online . The online taunting caught the attention of ISIS 's central command structure in Syria , and a sleeper cell was ordered to find and destroy the clandestine group , according to a letter Abu Rafiq claims was leaked to his organization . The team of activists has yet to see a crackdown , but remains vigilant . "  We are not scared . It is just a letter . Because when you take a photo in front of ISIS members you are risking your life to deliver the truth from on the ground , so we are used to it , " he shrugs . Abu Rafiq claims that some foreign fighters are defecting from ISIS , something reported by other activists and local media . He points to a literal sign of this trend -- a billboard warning truck drivers not to pick up or transport jihadis across the country . "  It shows how scared and worried they are because the number defecting is more and more , so they are telling drivers not to help them or take them anywhere , " he said . Abu Rafiq 's underground network is modest so far , but similar groups in the area that have more support and resources -- including one calling itself "  Raqqah is Being Slaughtered Silently " -- have been threatened with death for publishing reports on the ISIS operation in their hometown . "  Syrian people are very patient , but we have a limit , " he told CNN . "  What happens with Assad , it might happen with ISIS and with anyone else . I think that might happen very soon . "	Syrian activists are taking the fight to ISIS over social media They hope to counter the terror group 's online propaganda The online taunting has caught the attention of ISIS ' central command
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Zaza Pachulia is a sporting hero in his home country -- the basketball player has gone from shooting hoops in the Republic of Georgia to playing in the NBA in Atlanta , Georgia . Standing at 6 feet 11 inches tall , Pachulia looks like he was born to play pro basketball . Indeed , the sport is in his blood : His mother was a professional basketball player in the Republic of Georgia and once played for the Soviet national team . Growing up in the Georgian capital of Tbilisi while it was still part of the Soviet Union , Pachulia followed her example . "  My mom used to be a basketball player so I was really into it , " he told CNN . "  Plus of course my height made it easier for me to decide what kind of sport I wanted to play , so at the age of nine I went to my first basketball practice . " Five years later he was talent-spotted by the Turkish basketball federation , which was in Georgia accompanying the Turkish national team . Aged 14 Pachulia moved to Turkey to play with the development team for Istanbul club UlkerSpor . "  That was the biggest moment for my life and career , because in that situation , moving to another country for a 14-year-old kid , that was a serious thing , " said Pachulia . "  Plus I 'm the only child in my family so that was a tough call for my parents as well . With that move we basically made basketball our number one priority . " "  My goal was like to play in the NBA . I did n't want to leave my country , my people , my friends -- even my school . If I was going there I would go to reach that goal . " Pachulia nearly returned home the next year , following the death of his father , but he decided to stay in Istanbul . In 2000 , aged 16 , he graduated to the full team , becoming one of the youngest players in the Euroleague . In 2003 he entered his name in the NBA Draft and was selected by Orlando Magic . Since 2005 he has played for the Atlanta Hawks , but Pachulia retains strong ties with his homeland . Pachulia is involved in charity projects to help children in Atlanta and in his homeland to equip and train youth basketball teams . "  It 's definitely important to never forget where you 're coming from , where you were born and raised , " he told CNN . "  After the season I always go back to my country and try to make the kids happy . That 's the best feeling for me , when I see those smiling faces on the kids and you know how excited they are . I can tell you I feel the same way ... and that 's a great feeling . " At the end of the NBA season , Pachulia also returns to his country -- where he is captain of the national team -- to play basketball . "  Every summer I go back to my country , " he says . -LSB- I have -RSB- so many friends and family members . It 's so far from Georgia to Georgia that not everybody can afford to come here , people are working there or they ca n't leave family , so I miss them and they miss me . " "  I 'm so nervous and excited to play for the national team . It 's a great feeling in front of your fans , -LSB- in -RSB- the place where you were born and raised , and the friends come and see your game because you 're not going to see them until next summer , " he added . Last year , Pachulia bought an Atlanta restaurant and has introduced one of Georgia 's most traditional products to the menu -- its wine . "  A lot of people do n't know about my country but it 's really old . -LSB- There 's -RSB- a lot of history , a lot of tradition , especially from the wine side . Wine there is really one of the best in the world ... so that 's why I wanted to give people a chance to try this Georgian wine . " "  I 'm sure people will like it . There are some states actually selling it but we do n't have any in Atlanta , Georgia , so we are really excited to be one of the first restaurants to have Georgian wine . " Watch CNN 's week-long coverage live from Georgia at 1930 GMT | 2030 CET from 19 April . Mark Tutton contributed to this report	Zaza Pachulia is from the Republic of Georgia and plays basketball for the Atlanta Hawks He returns to his home country every summer He owns an Atlanta restaurant and has introduced Georgian wines to the menu He is involved in charity work in Atlanta and in his home country
A third successive year of California 's worst drought in a century has the Golden State 's reservoirs at record lows . Agriculture has been affected , hitting the local economy , while some small communities risk running out of water . But business is booming in California 's Orange County Water District  OCWD  , through a pioneering wastewater treatment facility that recycles used water -- or sewage -- and returns it to the drinking supply . The plant is expanding production from 70 to 100 million gallons per day , enough for 850,000 people , around one-third of the county population . As the OWCD output is mixed with the main groundwater supply it reaches over 70 % of residents . Global problem The facility is among the oldest and largest of its type in the world , and could represent a model solution for a global problem . The U.N. warns that half the world population will face water scarcity by 2030 , accelerated by climate change and population growth . Shortages on such a scale would threaten food production , as well as a health crisis through increased exposure to unsanitary water , which already kills millions each year through waterborne diseases such as cholera and diarrhea . But the introduction of reuse systems has been difficult , with a high degree of public skepticism . Orange County began recycling water for non-potable use in the 1970s , but only began contributing to the drinking supply in 2008 , combined with a comprehensive PR and education campaign to allay public fears . Operators now feel the system is well established and ready to scale up . "  It 's a watershed moment right now , we 're seeing widespread acceptance of these technologies , " OCWD General Manager Mike Markus said . "  As the shortages become more extreme and water supplies are cut , it has raised awareness that we need to find alternative resources . " The process works by re-routing a proportion of the 1.3 billion gallons of waste water generated in Southern California each day into a three-step treatment . The first is microfiltration of the treated waste water to remove solids , oils and bacteria , before the resulting liquid goes through reverse osmosis , pushing it through a fine plastic membrane that filters out viruses and pharmaceuticals . The water is then treated with UV light to remove any remaining organic compounds , before joining the main groundwater supply , which must pass strict quality controls to meet legal standards , and distribution to households . Read this : Machine makes drinking water from thin air The OCWD says the water exceeds all state and federal drinking water standards . Safety has also been established in pioneering projects around the world . Water-insecure Singapore , previously reliant on imports , now delivers 30 % of its needs through the NEWater reclamation facility . Although only a small amount is added to its reservoirs , the output surpasses WHO standards for potable use to the extent that a high proportion is directed for industrial uses requiring ultra-clean water . One of the world 's earliest schemes , in Windhoek , Namibia , has been in operation since 1968 and has tackled both shortage and water-borne diseases . Over half of the Sub Saharan African population faces water insecurity , and the greatest health risk , diarrhea , kills over a million people each year in the region . But research showed that in the 1970s disease occurred at lower rates for people supplied by the Windhoek plant than through conventional treated sources . "  Standards are stricter because of the novelty of the technology and process , " says Benedito Braga , President of the World Water Council . "  The quality from sewage is very good , as good or better than the tap water in any city in the developed world . " The message is now being heeded and the model is spreading . California has put $ 1 billion into funding recycling for potable use  $ 800 million of that in low-interest loans  , with new initiatives launched in Los Angeles , San Francisco and San Diego . Texas , parts of which are also severely affected by drought , aims to generate 10 % of all new supplies through reclaimed water by 2060 . A facility in Big Spring has introduced the first "  Direct Potable Reuse " scheme in the United States by sending recycled water to the final treatment plant without passing it through groundwater reserves . Dealing with disgust In each case , public relations are key , as recycled water schemes have been historically shot down by public disgust at the concept . This was most vividly shown in the Australian city of Toowoomba in 2006 when local activists represented by the group "  Citizens against drinking sewage " defeated plans to introduce reclaimed sources , citing health risks and emotive factors . But Australia also shows the extent to which attitudes have changed . After a three-year public trial , the city of Perth will receive up to 20 % of its drinking water from reclaimed sources in coming decades , with a reported 76 % public support . A network of similar programs is being established across the country , according to the Australian Water Recycling Center of Excellence . Psychologists say the aversion is deeply held and difficult -- but not impossible -- to overcome . "  The disgust comes from intuitive concepts of contagion , " says Dr. Carol Nemeroff of the University of South Maine , who has studied reactions to reclaimed water . "  It is magical in nature , the same type of thinking that underlines voodoo practices . " "  One of the best ways to get past it is perceptual cues -- if you can see sparkling fresh , clear water , and taste it that helps to overcome the concept ... the contagion type thinking decreases with familiarity , " says Nemeroff , adding that necessity can also be a key driver . "  If you 're desperate you 'll override anything for survival . " Energy and cost In Orange County and other facilities , mixing the output with groundwater is a largely unnecessary , confidence-building measure to allay public fears . But as awareness improves , operators hope to move from indirect to direct potable reuse , which would bring down energy use and costs , while avoiding the counter-intuitive step of re-contaminating purified water . "  The main cost is energy and that is coming down all the time , " says Mike Markus . "  Improvements in membrane technology allow us to use less pressure to do the same thing . " The energy cost of reverse osmosis has come down by 75 % since the 1970s , he says , while emerging technologies such as Aquaporin may reduce it further . Even now , the cost is favorable compared with desalination or imported water in California . Markus hopes such advances will allow for the creation of portable modular units that can be cheaply transported to the areas of the world with the greatest need . Campaign group Water Reuse does much of its work in education outreach , through messages such as the "  Downstream " concept , that all water is ultimately recycled . "  It 's the same water now as when dinosaurs walked the earth , " says executive director Melissa Meeker . "  It 's about understanding the water cycle and how we fit into it . Once people think about it , they become more open-minded . " If costs continue to fall and public acceptance continues to grow , waste water can become a major defense against the projected scarcities of this century . The World Water Council projects that recycled sewage will be a normalized source of drinking water in cities around the world within 30 years , and much of the infrastructure and technology is already in place . It 's up to us now to get used to it .	U.S. and beyond increasingly looking to reusing sewage water for drinking Half the world population will face water scarcity by 2030 Reused water is completely healthy , but psychological barriers remain Singapore produces large amounts of high-quality recycled water
To become Google 's first female engineer in 1999 -- and , eventually , one of the most powerful women in tech -- Marissa Mayer had to get comfortable with risk . "  I always did something I was a little not ready to do , " she said last year while speaking on her best decisions in a talk with NPR Correspondent Laura Sydell . "  That feeling at the end of the day , where you 're like , ` what have I gotten myself into ? ' I realized that sometimes when you have that feeling and you push through it , something really great happens . " If the 37-year-old still makes career moves by her tried-and-true process , then she 's likely anticipating something great to occur in her new role as Yahoo 's CEO . Mayer 's hiring last summer , which accordng to Fortune made her the youngest head of a Fortune 500 company , came as a surprise , and her high-wire decisions since have spread far wider than Yahoo 's campus . First , there was her brief maternity leave after she gave birth to her son in September . When the Silicon Valley star first announced that she was pregnant , on the very same day Yahoo revealed she was the company 's new CEO , some saw it as a progressive move and hoped Mayer would set a new standard for mothers trying to balance the competing demands of their corporate and familial roles . What they saw instead was a businesswoman eager to get back in the office and who said that having a new baby in her life was n't as difficult as she 'd been told . But the real critiques came last month when Yahoo 's HR department issued an e-mail telling staff that they will no longer be able to work from home , prompting an angry backlash and leading some to question Mayer 's judgment . While some found her position just , others hoping the new mom would create a more reasonable corporate culture interpreted the move as unfair , noting that Mayer approved the edict while building a nursery next to her office -- not an option for most working parents . But over her nearly 14-year career in the tech world , Mayer has consistently shaken up expectations . If we 've learned anything about this influential computer engineer-turned-corporate executive , it 's that she plays the game of business by her own rules . 1 . She does n't do stereotypes Part of the legend of Marissa Mayer is that she does n't fit into our assumptions of what it means to be a tech geek . Much has been made of her looks , which defy popular culture 's assertion that the best computer scientists are "  people with pocket protectors and thick glasses who code all night , " Mayer told Glamour magazine jokingly in 2009 . "  I do code all night ! I am the stereotype , but I also break the stereotype . " She also did n't grow up immersed in technology . Born in Wausau , Wisconsin , Mayer had a childhood filled with piano lessons , ice skating and ballet , plus debate and math club in high school , Vogue magazine reported in 2009 . The future tech leader told Newsweek the following year that she did n't even learn how to use a mouse until her freshman year at Stanford . She 's said that she had a natural interest in the brain and how it worked , and at first wanted to be a pediatric neurosurgeon . When she happened to take a computer science class for non-majors and discovered a major called symbolic systems , she was hooked , she told NPR 's Sydell last year . Soon she was climbing Google 's ranks , from programmer to vice president of local , maps and location services . But the press and public focused more on her posing for Vogue and reportedly shelling out $ 60,000 at a charity auction for lunch with Oscar de la Renta . A geek who loves fashion ? Who would 've thought ? But as Mayer told The New York Times in 2009 , "  I refuse to be stereotyped . I think it 's very comforting for people to put me in a box . ` Oh , she 's a fluffy girlie girl who likes clothes and cupcakes . Oh , but wait , she is spending her weekends doing hardware electronics . ' " 2 . Passion can trump gender With two degrees from Stanford , including a master 's degree in computer science , and a successful career in a male-dominated industry , Mayer is often held up as a woman to emulate . During her tenure at Google , Mayer 's been described as being a key influencer on products such as Gmail , Google Maps and Google 's minimalist search page . As a result , Mayer is frequently asked how she made it in an environment that 's seen as a boy 's club . "  People will say , how can we get more girls into computer science ? And I think that 's a hard question , because just asking the question , I worry sometimes can handicap progress , " she noted during a 2012 talk at New York City 's 92nd Street Y. "  I was really good at chemistry , biology , physics , calculus in high school , and my teachers were genuinely really supportive of that and they never said anything like , ` wow , you 're really good at this , and that 's unusual for a girl . ' They never really brought up the gender issue ... And I think I 've just always been very gender-unaware . " Her advice to other women seeking to follow in her footsteps is to find something that drives them and push past their preconceptions about gender roles . "  I 'm not a woman at Google , I 'm a geek at Google , " Mayer told CNN in 2012 . "  If you can find something that you 're really passionate about , whether you 're a man or a woman comes a lot less into play . Passion is a gender-neutralizing force . " And when it comes to feminism , Mayer shies away from the phrase . "  I do n't think that I would consider myself a feminist . I certainly believe in equal rights , I believe that women are just as capable , if not more so , in a lot of different dimensions . But I do n't I think have sort of the militant drive , and sort of the chip on the shoulder that sometimes comes with that , " she said in PBS and AOL 's "  Makers " documentary , launching a debate about her remarks . "  I think it 's too bad , but I do think that feminism has become in many ways a more negative word , " she added . "  There are amazing opportunities all over the world for women , and I think that there 's more good that comes out of positive energy around that than negative energy . " 3 . Burnout ? She 's not really buying it Mayer has long been seen as the employee who can outwork you on your most caffeinated day . But she 's said that she does n't believe in burnout in the typical sense . "  I actually have a very different philosophy about burnout , " she told BuzzFeed last year . "  I do n't think that burnout comes from not getting enough sleep or not eating enough square meals . I think that burnout comes from resentment . ... It is possible to work ` too hard , ' but you need to figure out what things it really is you need to stay fueled up , to stay energized , to not get resentful . " Mayer 's intensity at the office appears to have held up even as she 's become a mom . Her maternity leave was just a few weeks long , and she worked through it . Some critics wondered about the standard this might set in the corporate world , considering Mayer has resources that many other working parents do n't . Yet the Yahoo CEO is n't thinking about anyone else 's standards of parenthood , as she told "  Today 's " Savannah Guthrie when asked for her thoughts on being seen as a role model . "  I 've really been focused on the products , what we need to do , " Mayer said last month . "  There are so many great people at Yahoo , and so many great users that we want to serve well , that I really put my energy there . " 4 . She welcomes challenges One of Mayer 's mantras for making decisions in life is to a  work with the smartest people she can find , and b  go for a challenge that makes her feel like she 's in over her head . Say , for example , taking over struggling Web giant Yahoo . Yahoo 's undoubtedly hoping for a turnaround in both its finances and its products , one worth that $ 1.1 million bonus that Mayer was given . Optimistic observers are waiting to see Mayer apply some of the smarts and aesthetic sense she showed at Google . "  If Mayer were just another savvy Silicon Valley executive who 'd spent most of her career at one outfit and never run a company , she might feel like a quixotic choice for a big , troubled public company like Yahoo , " Time magazine 's Harry McCracken wrote last July . "  But she 's Marissa Mayer . She played a key role in making Google into ... Google . She 's famous for her obsessive focus on pleasing experiences , and the lengths to which she 'll go to measure whether something 's working for users or not . " 5 . If she needs to test 41 different shades of blue , she will Mayer told San Francisco magazine in 2008 that she 's "  a businesswoman first and foremost , " but her passion for perfection and focus on data has n't left everyone starstruck . Former staffer Douglas Edwards , who wrote "  I 'm Feeling Lucky : The Confessions of Google Employee Number 59 , " recalled feeling perturbed by Mayer 's emphasis on testing and data . He remembered one occurrence when he said she changed the results Google provided so they 'd appear in a sans-serif font , because she 'd seen research that those were easier to read . The Times similarly picked up on Mayer 's data-driven habits and perfectionism , such as when she wanted to test out 41 shades of blue for the toolbar on Google pages to see which one appealed the most to the user . Her managerial style was said to be so meticulous that Wired magazine put her on its 2012 list of "  brilliant " but tough tech bosses . Time will tell if this obsessive attention to detail pays off for Yahoo , and Mayer -- or whether her company 's problems are too big .	Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer : My best decisions involve risk It may not be conventional , but neither is Mayer As she 's shown in the past , Mayer bucks against societal expectations In the fields of tech and business , Mayer often makes her own rules
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin will have an opportunity to speak "  on the margins " of the G-20 summit in Russia , a White House official said . The development is a significant departure from what senior administration officials had said previously about Obama 's trip to the international forum in St. Petersburg , noting that there would not be an information meeting . The president left Washington on Tuesday night . The United States and Russia are currently squaring off over the bloody civil war in Syria . Obama has sought congressional authorization for a limited military strike to punish President Bashar al-Assad 's regime for its alleged use of chemical weapons against its own people earlier this month . Russia , a Syrian ally and major trading partner , has expressed doubts about whether those weapons were used at all . The Syrian regime denies it launched such an attack . Russia , along with China , would be expected to block any call for any military action against Syria by the U.N. Security Council . Obama also plans to meet formally with Chinese President Xi Jinping as well as French President Francois Hollande at the summit , the official said . Secretary of State John Kerry hinted at a Senate hearing on Syria on Tuesday that Obama and Putin would have an opportunity to talk at the G-20 . "  He will have ample opportunity to hear firsthand from President Putin , " Kerry said in response to a question about Russia 's involvement in Syria . "  I am confident they will have a discussion about it . " The White House last month formally canceled a formal Obama-Putin meeting that was to have taken place in Moscow during this trip , citing a lack of progress in relations since Putin regained the presidency a year ago . The decision came shortly after Russia decided to grant temporary asylum to Edward Snowden , the admitted leaker of U.S. surveillance secrets . Although the White House acknowledged at the time that Snowden 's asylum was a factor , a senior administration official told CNN that the meeting probably would have been canceled regardless . Obama on Friday will meet with Russian civil society leaders to discuss human rights and tolerance , a White House official said . Also invited to that meeting are groups representing human rights , the environment and LGBT rights . CNN 's Jim Acosta , Dan Merica Jake Tapper and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Russia and the United States at odds over Syria , which allegedly used chemical weapons The United States is weighing a possible military strike to punish Syria 's Bashar al-Assad Russia is a major Syrian ally and doubts whether chemical weapons were used as alleged Obama will also meet with Chinese and French presidents at G-20
CNN  For months , 20-year-old Christopher Lee Cornell had been on the FBI 's radar . Authorities said he left alarming posts on social media , talking about violent jihad . On Wednesday , agents arrested the Cincinnati man before he could put his alleged plot into action . Authorities say Cornell , who ostensibly tweeted under the name Raheel Mahrus Ubaydah , hatched a simple scheme . It was similar to the Paris attack on the offices of Charlie Hebdo , but at a key location -- the U.S. Capitol , said a criminal complaint filed by an FBI agent . The plan : Set off pipe bombs to put lawmakers and employees in panicked flight and then gun them down with an assault rifle as they ran across his path and that of an accomplice , Special Agent T.A. Staderman wrote . Cornell was ready to go , the agent said . He had made preparations with a partner . He had researched bomb-making instructions and by Wednesday , Cornell had bought two M-15 rifles with 600 rounds of ammunition . But the man Cornell believed was his partner was actually an FBI informant , a man in trouble with the law who worked with the agency to improve his legal standing . When they found out Cornell had the weapons , authorities made their move before Cornell could make his . A law enforcement official told CNN that there was never any danger to lawmakers . Around lunchtime , more than a dozen agents and local police stood at his parents ' house , where he had lived . "  We heard a pound on the door , " John Cornell , Lee Cornell 's father , told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Had he not opened it , they would have battered it in with a ram , he said . He had no idea why they were there , and the officers would n't tell him , he said . "  They just told us they had a search warrant . " They took the whole family in for questioning . "  Where is my son ; what is he being charged with ? " John Cornell wanted to know . "  They would n't tell us anything , " he said . In the fall , the informant told the FBI about someone he had been in touch with via Twitter , the criminal complaint said . At the end of August , Cornell had allegedly written him an instant message saying the two of them should carry out a lone wolf attack as a way of supporting ISIS . He did n't think ISIS or al Qaeda would give them an official sign-off , but he felt he did n't need it . " ... we already got a thumbs-up from the Brothers over there and Anwar al-Awlaki before his martyrdom and many others , " Cornell allegedly wrote . Al-Awlaki was a U.S.-born radical cleric associated with Yemen 's al Qaeda arm . He was killed in a drone attack in 2011 , but his legacy seems to have influence on would-be terrorists around the world . Cornell allegedly told the informant that he had been in contact with people overseas , and that he had aligned himself with ISIS . And he grew closer to the informant . "  I believe we should meet up and make our own group in alliance with the Islamic State here and plan operations ourselves , " Cornell allegedly messaged him . The anatomy of ISIS : How it is run The two met twice in person in Cincinnati , the complaint said -- two days in October and two in November . Cornell researched how to build pipe bombs and saved up money to buy weapons and ammunition , the complaint read . His father casts doubt on some aspects of the purchase . Cornell was unemployed and worked only seasonally for minimum wage . He was about $ 500 short of the money needed to make the purchase on his own . "  He had $ 1,287 saved up . These guns cost over $ 1,700 , " John Cornell said . He thinks someone else had to make up the difference and blames the FBI . He thinks his son was pushed into the plan . Cornell wanted to make his "  move " in December , the complaint said . He and the informant , posing as his partner , were to travel to Washington , scout out the Capitol and then detonate the bombs and open fire . Everything to know about the rise of ISIS In middle school and high school , Cornell had been a wrestler , his father said . After graduation , he lived at home and was unemployed , not yet knowing what he wanted to do . "  He very seldom left the house , " John Cornell said . "  He 's a big mama 's boy , you know . His best friend is his kitty cat . There 's no way he could have carried out any kind of terrorist plot , " Cornell 's father said . "  He did n't even drive ; he did n't have a car . " He had recently converted to Islam , which gave him inner peace , John Cornell said . And he had apparently stopped cutting his beard . On his mugshot at the Butler County Jail , it 's long and appears untrimmed . But an ISIS follower ? "  Heck no , " John Cornell said . "  There 's no way my son was involved with ISIS . " Later , he told CNN : "  I just want everyone to know that my son is not a monster . I 'm not just saying that because he 's my son . If I thought he was up to something , I would have beat his butt , and I would have been the first one to turn him in . " Mom will stay in jail until trial on ISIS-related charges Cornell graduated from Oak Hills High School in 2012 , where he was a "  typical student , " the school district said . His teachers remember him as a quiet , but not too shy , student who participated in class . "  Christopher was not a disruption or a discipline problem in school , " the school district said in a statement . "  His teachers were shocked at the news of his involvement in this situation . " According to the local police chief , Cornell had never been in serious trouble before either . He protested a ceremony in 2013 to commemorate the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , holding a sign that read "  9/11 was an inside job , " Green Township Police Department Chief Bart West told CNN . But he was not arrested or detained . Cornell was also a person of interest in a case of vandalism in 2013 , the chief said . Again , he was not charged . Cornell made a friend on the Internet , his father believes , and posted comments in defense of Muslims . "  Chris may have said some things out of anger , " John Cornell said . But he has a hard time believing his son encouraged armed jihad . Once , after his son stayed out with a friend once for two hours , John Cornell asked him where he 'd been . "  He said that he had went to a mosque , " John Cornell said . Then Chris moved out quietly . "  I never seen him leave , " his father said . His son left him a note in his former bedroom . It said he had decided to move in with a friend , who had also offered him some work . Since his son 's arrest , he says he and his wife have not heard anything from officials about where Cornell is . They say they love their son more than ever , and that they are heartbroken . "  He may be facing life in prison , " John Cornell said . "  Do you know how devastating that is ? " CNN 's Dave Alsup , Joe Sutton , Alexandra Field , Ryan Buckley and Teri Genova contributed to this report .	Christopher Lee Cornell , 20 , allegedly aligned himself with ISIS A source says the plan posed no threat to lawmakers ; the complaint said it was in its late stages "  If I thought he was up to something , I would have beat his butt , " father says
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Standing in his food shack under posters of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in a Caracas slum , 70-year-old Miguel Bigello relays his backhanded support for Barack Obama . "  For all the deaths he 's caused , he 's not touched Latin America , " he said . "  The other guy -LSB- Mitt Romney -RSB- is too radical . He will fight here for the oil . " The elderly man is an avid supporter of Chavez , his "  Comandante , " and in the small wooden hut sits a carving of the face of Che Guevara as well as a poster depicting Latin American independence hero Símon Bolívar . Postcard : Why ` Obamagic ' has worn off in Nigeria Bigello shares the view of his president . "  If I was from the U.S. , I 'd vote for Obama , " Chavez said buoyantly on state television just a week before he won his third six-year term two weeks ago , potentially extending his tenure to two decades . "  Obama is a good guy . " Venezuela is still hungover from its own presidential election and in this fervently political country -- mostly thanks to Chavez 's ubiquity , strength of personality and polarizing policies -- the U.S. election campaign offers some light relief after a trying few months . Map : The world weighs in on the U.S. election The contest between Chavez and Henrique Capriles , the Venezuelan opposition 's first real hope in 14 years , made the Romney-Obama matchup look like child 's play . Chavez welcomed his opponent to the ring in February by calling him a "  low-life pig " who would be "  pulverized . " There were no debates here as Chavez felt Capriles was below him . "  The eagle does not chase flies , " said a defiant Chavez . Postcard : Why Berliners , U.S. are kindred spirits The self-styled socialist leader 's supporters see Obama taking a leaf out of Chavez 's book . "  Obama is working for the people just like Chavez , " said Gomez Darwin , 42 , stood under a huge Che Guevara mural in a primarily Chavez-supporting Caracas barrio . However , it is the contenders ' world views which really matter here . Gloria Torres helped organize prayer vigils for Chavez as he suffered cancer last year . "  Obama 's policies towards Latin America have n't been aggressive , " she said , offering her support for the U.S. incumbent before adding : "  The other guy does n't seem to have any friendly intentions towards us ! " Venezuela has come up a number of times in Republican rhetoric during the U.S. race . Mitt Romney branded the Venezuelan government a "  threat to national security " earlier this year , adding that Chavez had spread "  dictatorships and tyranny throughout Latin America . " Postcard : Obama 's ` hope ' a mirage for hostile Pakistanis Romney 's running mate , Paul Ryan , added : "  In a Mitt Romney administration , we will not keep practicing this policy of appeasement ... We will be tough on -LSB- Cuban President Raúl -RSB- Castro , tough on Chavez . It 's because we know that 's the right policy for our country . " This antagonism from the Romney camp towards Chavez -- compared to Obama 's softer approach -- has attracted some of Venezuela 's more wealthy hard-line opposition . "  Romney named Chavez in his manifesto ; Obama did n't , " said Aixa Armas , eating breakfast at one of Caracas ' high-end hotels . "  Obama has closed his eyes to the problem , a regional problem , and he is too friendly with Chavez . " Postcard : War-scarred Baghdad has little faith in election The lubricant between Caracas and Washington is the world 's highest oil reserves on which Chavez sits . It is that wealth that has kept Venezuela 's economy from collapsing -- despite epic mismanagement which has led to the region 's highest inflation rate and a severe shortage of U.S. dollars . America is Venezuela 's biggest oil market and the Latin American country is among the top five exporters to the U.S. . "  The U.S. remains the only actual customer paying cash and at full-price , " said Russ Dallen , head trader at Caracas ' BBO Financial Services . "  Romney may want to use that leverage to stop subsidizing a thorn in America 's side . " Dallen adds that Venezuela , or at least the Chavez government , needs oil prices to stay high , and Obama may be a safer bet for that . "  Obama is more willing to tolerate high gasoline prices because gas at $ 4 a gallon makes people more willing to invest in alternative technologies and for those technologies to be more cost effective . " Postcard : Obama , Romney ignore Afghans at own peril Chavez is unlikely to be thinking in such depth . His support for Obama recently marks the apex of the 58-year-old strongman 's relations with Washington since coming to power in 1999 . The infamous nadir came in 2006 when Chavez stood at the United Nations lectern , theatrically sniffing the air . "  The devil came here yesterday , " he said , a day after former President George W Bush 's speech . "  It smells of sulfur still . " He then went onto describe Bush 's "  domination , exploitation , and pillage of the peoples of the world . " Chavez quipped two weeks ago that Obama would support him too , had he been born in Venezuela 's slums . After some shaky relations , Chavez is prepared to start again . "  With the likely triumph of Obama , and the extreme right defeated both here and there -LSB- in the U.S. -RSB- , I hope we can start a new period of normal relations . "	Hugo Chavez endorsed Obama , calling him a ` good guy ' Venezuela-U.S. relations have been rocky for more than a decade Romney 's harder stance on Chavez appeals to Venezuelan opposition America remains Venezuela 's biggest oil market
CNN  -- The United Nations on Friday made its largest appeal ever -- for more than $ 5 billion -- for relief aid to Syrians across the country . "  Syria as a civilization is unraveling , with as many as half of its citizens in need of urgent help as a result of this savage conflict , " said Antonio Guterres , the world body 's high commissioner for refugees , who announced the goal in Geneva . "  The funds we are appealing for are a matter of survival for suffering Syrians , and they are essential for neighboring countries that are hosting refugees . " More than 1.6 million Syrians have fled the country since the conflict began in March 2011 ; another 4.25 million are estimated to have been displaced inside it . UNHCR noted that it had appealed in December for $ 1 billion , but increased the figure after the number of refugees exceeded predictions . The announcement came as the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs predicted that 3.45 million inside Syria could have crossed its borders by the end of the year and another 6.8 million people remaining inside Syria will need aid . That 's nearly half of the nation , which has a population of 22.5 million . On Thursday , the European Union said it would contribute as much as $ 530 million to aid Syrians by year 's end . Two days after Syrian government forces seized control of the strategically important city of Qusayr from rebel forces it describes as "  terrorists , " the army sought to restore security and stability to surrounding villages , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported Friday . "  An official source told SANA reporter that units of our armed forces are continuing their missions in pursuing the terrorists ' remnants and inspecting operations , " it said . The U.N. Security Council urged on Friday that Syrian authorities protect civilians and allow humanitarian access to the town . UNHCR said this week that it had received reports that up to 1,500 wounded civilians were trapped in the town . At least 52 people -- including three women and four children and one under torture -- were killed Friday nationwide , the rebel Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . In addition , two French journalists working for Europe1 are missing in Syria , the French radio station said Friday , prompting fears that they may have been kidnapped . Reporter Didier Francois and photographer Edouard Elias were on their way to the northwestern city of Aleppo when they went missing , the radio station said . Lebanon 's official National News Agency reported that one person was killed and several were wounded in clashes in Tripoli . Deteriorating security conditions near the Golan Heights headquarters for U.N. peacekeepers in the region prompted Austria to say Thursday that it will pull out its 370 troops , more than a third of the force assigned to help keep Israel and Syria at bay . The announcement came amid fighting over the Quneitra crossing , Syria 's only access point to the Golan Heights . Rebel forces first captured but then lost control of the crossing in heavy fighting . On Friday , Russian President Vladimir Putin said Moscow was prepared to replace them , Russia 's Itar-Tass news agency reported . The developments come amid longstanding concerns that the conflict could expand to other parts of the region . U.N. spokeswoman Josephine Guerrero said Filipino and Indian peacekeepers will remain in the region to enforce the peace deal between Israel and Syria reached in 1974 , nearly seven years after Israel first captured Quneitra in the Six-Day War . Syria retook it in 1973 . Quneitra is important to the Syrian regime because it represents former President Hafez al-Assad 's attempt to liberate Israeli-occupied territory . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali contributed to this report .	The world body announces its largest appeal ever : $ 5 billion 1.6 million people have fled Syria as fighting rages on 2.45 million are displaced Those figures are predicted to grow
CNN  -- Two schools : one a football powerhouse , steeped in athletic glory , and the other a bastion of military tradition . Each have faced allegations in recent weeks of child sexual abuse -- in the case of Penn State , by a former assistant football coach ; at The Citadel , by an alumnus and former counselor at the college 's summer camp . And in each case , the schools did not notify law enforcement after allegations were made , drawing criticism for apparently choosing to protect the institution 's reputation ahead of protecting potential child victims -- something many find hard to understand . "  I think this is a pattern which is not surprising , " said Kirk Hanson , executive director of the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics and a social ethics professor at Santa Clara University in California . "  Institutions would like to find a reason that they do n't have to publicize their own failings . ... Institutions too often substitute their own interests for the interests of the victims . This is an institutional ethics problem , in general . " Retired Air Force Lt. Gen. John Rosa , president of The Citadel , apologized in a press conference Monday for not reporting to police an allegation against Louis Neal "  Skip " ReVille , 32 . In 2007 , The Citadel received an allegation from a former camper that five years earlier , ReVille had invited the boy into his room at The Citadel Summer Camp to watch pornography . Another camper was also present . They did not touch each other , but engaged in sexual activity , the college said . ReVille was arrested last month and faces at least six charges , including three counts of criminal sexual conduct with a minor and three counts of lewd acts on a minor , according to police in the Charleston , South Carolina , suburb of Mount Pleasant . Although police did not provide specifics , CNN affiliate WCBD reported ReVille was accused of molesting at least five boys . According to court documents , he has admitted guilt in at least three cases involving incidents between November 2010 and October 2011 . Meanwhile , at Penn State , legendary football coach Joe Paterno and university president Graham Spanier were fired after former assistant football coach Jerry Sandusky was arrested and charged with child rape and sexual abuse following the release of a grand jury report detailing alleged crimes between 1994 and 2009 . Authorities allege Sandusky accessed many of his victims through Second Mile , the charity he founded . Ohio State to Penn State : We support you One incident , allegedly the rape of a young boy , was witnessed by then-graduate assistant coach Mike McQueary in 2002 , in a shower in Penn State 's athletic facilities , according to the grand jury report . McQueary told Paterno what he had seen , and Paterno alerted the athletic director , Tim Curley , but no one notified police . Curley and Gary Schultz , Penn State 's senior vice president for finance and business , face charges of perjury and failing to report the allegations to authorities . In an interview with NBC on Monday night , Sandusky denied he is a pedophile and said he is innocent of charges he sexually abused young boys . He conceded that he should not have showered with any of them . Penn State 's football culture could inspire a reaction of "  we need to rally and protect that institution , " and The Citadel has a storied and proud military history , Hanson said , and "  one can imagine that there would be considerable hesitation " to report the allegations to police . "  This is the same mentality which has gotten the Catholic Church continually in trouble , " Hanson said . "  It 's the desire not to have a respected institution embarrassed and its reputation tarnished . It 's a desire to protect their own , and that 's clearest in the Penn State issue . " The parallels between Penn State 's situation and the sexual abuse scandal that rocked the Catholic Church are "  very pronounced , " he said . The fact that Paterno and Sandusky were revered in the Penn State community could also have played a role . Thomas Day , a Penn State graduate and Second Mile alumnus who is now a graduate student at the University of Chicago , told CNN that when he went home to State College , Pennsylvania , and heard about the investigation into Sandusky 's alleged acts , people 's "  reactions were all the same : How could they ruin this man 's name around town ? " he told CNN . It did n't seem to occur to them that the allegations could be true , he said . "  I do n't think it 's anything unique to universities , " said Ramon John Aldag , an expert on behavioral decision-making and organizational behavior at the University of Wisconsin-Madison . "  I think the same sorts of things happen in organizations in general and in life in general . " He referenced the "  bystander effect , " in which people know someone is being hurt and do nothing . A number of explanations can be given for that , including "  diffusion of responsibility , " in which the pressure on people to act is reduced because of the number of people who may share in the knowledge . In addition , there is "  pluralistic ignorance , " in which people assume everyone else may know something they do n't , he said . People may assume someone else is taking action , or that those above them are handling the situation , Aldag said . He cited the recent case of Wang Yue , a Chinese toddler who drew international attention after a security camera showed her being run over by two drivers and ignored by numerous passerby as she lay injured in the road . The 2-year-old girl later died , and the video sparked a global outcry about the state of morality in China . "  Criminal law imposes very few affirmative obligations on people , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  By that I mean criminal law is mostly about ` do n't do this , do n't do that . Do n't kill somebody , do n't do drugs , do n't engage in fraud . ' " But , he said , "  the law is much less clear or less frequently used to tell people to do things . " There are a variety of historical reasons for that , he said , but "  as a result , people have developed the idea that it 's safer to do nothing than do something . " Both Sandusky and ReVille are innocent until proven guilty , Hanson noted . But , he said , "  the difference between the legal and the moral  obligations  , while important , obscures the fact that every individual who sees the abuse , who sees an evil like this , should feel morally obliged to act in order to protect the victim and future victims . " People should consider that a person accused of molesting a child could continue to commit such crimes , he said . The whistle-blower effect may also have contributed to the lack of action , Aldag said . "  Whoever it is that would speak out , either going to the police or to the press , that person is essentially a whistle-blower , and we know that whistle-blower -- that 's a tremendous role to take on , especially if you 're in a situation where you 're probably going to cause huge harm to the university and people involved , and especially if you 're in a position without too much power , " he said . " ... They 're permanently scarred by this . " Sandusky interview infuriates critics "  The discussion of whistle-blowers over the last 25 years has struggled with this question of institutional interest and concern for individuals who are harmed by the behavior of representatives of that institution , " Hanson said . " ... There are many laws in the U.S. which simply require reporting it to the institution . It is an ongoing dilemma of whether that 's enough . Should we require , legally , individuals to report misbehavior not just to their institutions , but to police and public authorities ? " Pennsylvania is considering adopting a mandatory reporting law in the wake of the scandal . Hanson said such a law is already in place in California , requiring health care workers , teachers and others to report suspicions to police "  regardless of what their institution does . " The law was passed "  because of concerns like this -- ' I washed my hands of the responsibility because I told my boss , ' " Hanson said . "  As word of misbehavior goes up the chain of command , each level will have the temptation to sweep it under the rug , " he said . "  And they can frequently be pressured to ignore the behavior . ... "  What you hope will happen in the future is that anyone who witnesses a child being molested will take the personal responsibility to make sure the authorities are called and not just report it to the institution . "	Both Penn State and The Citadel are criticized for failing to report abuse allegations Professor : "  Institutions too often substitute their own interests for the interests of the victims " The phenomenon is not unique to universities , another expert says
New York  CNN  -- A Pentagon estimate that Afghanistan is home to nearly a trillion dollars in sought-after minerals is good news , but it provides no assurance that the nation is on its way to peace and productivity , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . Zakaria told CNN he is skeptical of the idea that you could "  divide $ 1 trillion by the population of Afghanistan to reach the conclusion that every Afghan will be rich ... the history of natural resources and mineral wealth is that it produces enormous corruption and mismanagement , and very often the money does not go down to the average person . " U.S. geologists reported Monday that Afghanistan has large supplies of iron , copper and gold , along with other valuable minerals but cautioned that quick riches were not in store . "  Turning the potential of Afghanistan 's mineral wealth into actual revenue will take years , " said State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley . Zakaria said , "  It can be made more effective . Australia has lots of natural resources , Canada has lots of natural resources , but you really have to create an honest and efficient government , which gets us back to the central problem in Afghanistan . " The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Wednesday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : The New York Times reported this week that Pentagon geologists had discovered what amounts to a potential trillion-dollar lode of minerals in Afghanistan ? What 's the significance of that finding ? Fareed Zakaria : Well I think it 's great work on the part of the Pentagon . I know the assistant secretary of Defense , Paul Brinkley , has been working on this . He 's done some amazing work in Iraq in getting their economy started . I think that it 's very important to find some viable economic model for Afghanistan . I have to say , however , that finding the minerals is the easy part . Creating a real economy that distributes the wealth that this produces in an effective and efficient and honest way is the much , much larger challenge . Think about the countries around the world that have great mineral wealth -- Nigeria , Russia , Zimbabwe . These are not places where the average person is doing well . Nigeria is the sixth-largest oil exporter in the world and its per capita GDP -LSB- Gross Domestic Product -RSB- is abysmal . CNN : The government in the hands of Hamid Karzai has been criticized for not being transparent and for not tackling corruption . Has there been any progress on that ? Zakaria : I think there has been some progress . Karzai has been willing to speak out and act in ways that he has n't before . His attorney general has brought charges and prosecuted people . Clearly not enough -- the government is riddled with corruption at every level -- but there is some movement . But I would say the first great challenge that Karzai faces is to make his government seem legitimate in the eyes of the people . And some part of that is about the government not being seen as corrupt , but some part of it is also about him creating a broad-based coalition -- and that means making sure that he 's not excluding from government , from patronage , from local councils , those people who have credibility and political support in their areas . The key to this government 's success or failure is if the Pashtun community -- which makes up 50 percent of Afghanistan and 100 percent of the insurgency -- sees the government of Hamid Karzai as their government as opposed to an alien force . That 's where the bulk of the work has to take place . For more on the region , read the "  Afghanistan Crossroads " blog CNN : It 's been reported that Karzai does n't believe that the war against the Taliban can be won on the battlefield ? Zakaria : I think that 's a fair statement , and I think he 's right . If the Taliban is to some extent an expression of Pashtun resistance to this government ... this is not an alien force coming from outside that you can defeat and they will go home to Saudi Arabia or wherever it is . Most of them , the vast majority , are Afghans , so you 're going to have to live with them . And that means while of course you have to defeat militarily the most radical , the most intransigent elements of the Taliban , you also have to make deals to include some of them , particularly in mid - and low levels in some kind of new consensual framework . So if what Karzai means is you 're going to have to share power with some Pashtuns who have been identified with the Taliban , I think he 's absolutely right . If you look at the end of civil wars , they almost always end in some form of negotiation . There 's very rarely complete annihilation or outright defeat of the opponent . Unlike wars between two states , in a civil war the people you 're fighting are people you 're going to have to live with the next day . The United States should not be allergic to the idea of political solutions to Afghanistan , because that is the only viable way we are going to get peace and stability . CNN : Is it your sense that there is conflict on this issue between Karzai and the U.S. ? Zakaria : Well the United States was opposed for a long time to the idea of any kind of deal making with the Taliban . Through most of the Bush administration , the was regarded as completely impermissible . ... I think there has been a change in recent months , and it should be encouraged . CNN : So you think the Obama administration is not wary of making concessions to the Taliban ? Zakaria : Well , it does n't seem to have same allergy to negotiations , but they 're not moving wholeheartedly on that front . For example , the crucial issue for many members of the Taliban is that they be taken off the U.N. blacklist , where they 're described as terrorists . Their view is that this is a national resistance movement . They 're not al Qaeda , and they were never part of al Qaeda , and we have been very reluctant to take them off the blacklist . We should be looking at that list very carefully , trying to figure out if there are people there we do want to try to negotiate with . If you do want to negotiate with them , one great prize you can offer them is to take them off the U.N. list . So we 've got to remember that there are real concerns that these people have about their own physical safety and security that need to be addressed . If we want to see them take some significant moves , we will have to take some significant moves as well and taking them off the U.N. blacklist is probably the most important . CNN : Is that the major obstacle to political stability in Afghanistan right now ? Zakaria : The ultimate obstacle to stability is that Pakistan remains a safe haven for some of the most violent and extremist groups in Afghanistan , including the Afghan Taliban and other terrorist organizations . ... What is worrying is the fact that there is renewed activity from these groups , and the working together of various terrorist groups . There are new reports that Lashkar-e-Taiba , which is the Pakistani terrorist organization that has operated mainly against India and was implicated in the Mumbai terror attacks , is now operating against Afghanistan and is responsible for some of the terrorist attacks there . ... There 's a report out from the London School of Economics this week that finds that there continue to be strong ties between the Pakistani military and these terrorist groups . That problem of the Pakistani connection remains at the heart of the Afghan situation . It 's very difficult to see how you can have a stable Afghanistan when you have safe havens in the neighboring country and the possible complicity of the military in that country . The Pakistani military still believes at some level that maintaining ties to these militants is what gives them leverage in Afghanistan . CNN : As you say , the Taliban would argue that they should n't be on the U.N. blacklist because they 're a national resistance movement , but are they sheltering al Qaeda ? Zakaria : Those elements that are sheltering al Qaeda should not be taken off the blacklist . But all the evidence I 've seen suggests that what remains of al Qaeda is entirely in Pakistan at this point and is being sheltered by groups in Pakistan , not in Afghanistan . ... There 's a lot of the insurgency that 's a local Afghan insurgency . Those are the people we should be trying to get to switch sides , not the ones who have deep connections with the radical groups in Pakistan or certainly not with al Qaeda . The key to the victory in Iraq was that you won over people in the middle , and you isolated the very extreme parts of the insurgency . We should making somewhat similar efforts in Afghanistan .	Pentagon estimates Afghanistan has nearly a trillion dollars worth of minerals Fareed Zakaria says such wealth often does not trickle down to most people He says key to success is a political settlement that legitimizes Afghan government Zakaria : U.S. , Karzai should woo away moderate elements of Taliban
London  CNN  -- It sits in the ancient heart of Rome and is an emblem of the city 's imperial history as well as an icon of Italy . But plans to restore Rome 's nearly 2,000-year-old Colosseum are causing rumblings among heritage workers and restorers , compounded by reports in December that small amounts of powdery rock had fallen off the monument . The current $ 33 million  25 million euro  restoration plans to restore the Flavian amphitheater , which once hosted spectacular shows and gruesome gladiatorial battles , are being sponsored by Diego della Valle , of luxury Italian brand Tod 's , in exchange for advertising rights . Restoration of the monument , which attracts up to two million visitors a year , is due to go ahead in March and will involve cleaning of the travertine exterior , the restoration of underground chambers , new gating , the moving of visitor service stations to an area outside of the building itself and increased video security . But members of the Restorers Association of Italy are unhappy about the plans , which they believe has sidelined them in favor of non-specialist restorers and which "  run the risk of causing irreparable damage to the monument , " according to the group 's President , Carla Tomasi . "  Having some of the best restorers in the world in Italy and yet turning to general enterprises is a choice that we do not share , and embarrasses both our work and the image of our nation in the world , in addition to causing risks to the monument , " Tomasi said . A ruling given late December 2011 by Italy 's Council of State in favor of the Ministry for Cultural Heritage and Activities is however allowing the restoration plans to go ahead . "  Italian law states that restorers can restore things like statues , ceramics , mosaics and decorative surfaces but not architecture , " said Rossella Rea , Director of the Colosseum , adding that the workers employed to do the restorations are in fact "  specialized in architectural restoration , they 're not just ordinary workmen . " Rea was also quick to stress that the reports of the Colosseum crumbling were false and that only 8cm of tuff -- a porous rock formed by consolidation of volcanic ash -- had come off , something "  that happens all the time to monuments . " But she also added that the Colosseum has suffered in recent years from underfunding caused by government cuts and that the revenue from ticket sales only covers the yearly upkeep of the city 's ancient sites , which include the nearby Forum and Palatine . Sponsorship , though difficult to obtain owing to sponsors having to pay VAT on donations , is much-needed . Sneska Quaedvlieg-Mihailovic is Secretary General of Europa Nostra , an organization dedicated to protecting cultural heritage in Europe . She said , "  We at Europa Nostra and anyone dealing with heritage would say that it 's wonderful to have private companies and individuals wanting to support heritage at a time when public budgets are being cut . " But she also warned against governments across Europe loosening restrictions on restoration work in the current economic climate , and of privately funded restoration plans not complying with strict guidelines . And while the current Colosseum project aims to improve visitor services in addition to cleaning and restoring the amphitheater , Quaedvlieg-Mihailovic believes that its underlying problems also need to be addressed -- the main one being the car traffic that surrounds the site and causes the exterior to be tarnished with pollution . "  You can do wonderful restoration works but you have n't yet tackled the things that will continue to cause damage and this is an issue at the level of the urban management of the city , " she said . "  It 's a problem that 's been discussed with the City of Rome for many years , " said Rea , adding that she hopes that with the building of a new subway stop near the Colosseum , the roads around the site will be closed to cars -- though heritage workers have long complained that vibrations from the nearby subway trains are also damaging the building . It 's an ongoing struggle , Rea said , but one she hopes will eventually be successful . After all , it 's only been 60 years since people parked their cars inside the amphitheater .	Plans to restore ancient Roman Colosseum meet with anger from Italian Restorers Association Restorers allege privately-funded plans will use non-specialist builders to clean and restore amphitheater Colosseum Director refutes claim , says restoration project is hiring architectural restorers , "  not just workmen . " Monument in need of funds and protection measures including cessation of car traffic around it
Washington  CNN  -- The case of a frequent flier labeled a "  frequent complainer " by one airline will soon get a Supreme Court review , testing consumer rights against corporate prerogatives . The justices will hold an hour of oral arguments Tuesday . Rabbi Binyomin Ginsberg claims his WorldPerks Platinum Elite membership was revoked after being told he had "  abused " his privileges , repeatedly filing complaints for upgrades and other benefits . Northwest Airlines , which was consumed by Delta Air Lines in a 2008 merger , said it had "  sole judgment " over the program 's general terms and conditions to make such determinations . At issue is whether Ginsberg has a right under state law to bring his case or whether it is preempted by a 1970s-era federal law that deregulated the airline industry . That law prohibits parties from bringing similar state claims against airlines relating to a "  price , route , or service " of the carrier . Ginsberg is dean of Torah Academy in Minneapolis and travels frequently to lecture and teach . He joined Northwest 's WorldPerks frequent flier program in 1999 and reached Platinum Elite statu s -- the highest level -- in 2005 . But in June of 2008 , Ginsberg claimed a Northwest representative called him and told him his status was being revoked on grounds that he "  abused " the program , according to court papers . Ginsberg said the airline also took away the hundreds of thousands of miles accumulated in his account . "  It did n't make sense . Initially , when they contacted me on the phone I thought it was a prank call , " Ginsberg told CNN . "  When I pushed for a reason and clarification , they told me it was because I was complaining too much . " A month after that call , Northwest sent the rabbi a letter noting that he had made 24 complaints in the past eight months , including nine incidents of his bag arriving late at the luggage carousel , according to court papers . "  You have continually asked for compensation over and above our guidelines . We have awarded you $ 1,925 in travel credit vouchers , 78,500 WorldPerks bonus miles , a voucher extension for your son , and $ 491 in cash reimbursements , " the letter said . "  Due to our past generosity , we must respectfully advise that we will no longer be awarding you compensation each time you contact us . " Ginsberg 's lawyers countered the rabbi and his wife had been averaging about 75 flights on Northwest each year , and that Ginsberg estimated that only about 10 % of the trips had resulted in a call to Northwest 's customer care . "  I do n't think I was a frequent complainer , " Ginsberg said . "  They should have taken their time and analyzed : Were my complaints legitimate ? Should they be doing something to improve their service and quality of product ? Instead of worrying , we 've got to shut up somebody who is complaining too much . " Later that fall , Northwest sent Ginsberg an e-mail , in which the airline quoted a paragraph from the fine print of the WorldPerks Program . It stated that Northwest could determine "  in its sole judgment " whether a passenger has abused its program , and that abuse "  may result in cancellation of the member 's account and future disqualification from program participation , forfeiture of all mileage accrued and cancellation of previously issued but unused awards . " Ginsberg sued for $ 5 million over a breach of contract in January 2009 , but a federal judge in San Diego dismissed the class action suit , agreeing with Northwest that the Airline Deregulation Act  ADA  preempted his claim . The airline 's lawyers also argued that the WorldPerks general terms and conditions did not require Northwest to provide frequent fliers with lengthy explanations or reasons for its decision to terminate or demote a member 's status in the program . But in 2011 , a federal appeals court in San Francisco reversed , and ordered reconsideration of Ginsberg 's class action claims . It said that when Congress passed the deregulation law , it did not intend to "  immunize the airline industry from liability for common law contract claims . " "  Congress did not intend to convert airlines into quasi-government agencies , complete with sovereign immunity , " said the three-judge panel . This dispute turns on a time-tested standard of contract law : the implied "  covenant of good faith and fair dealing , " the presumption that two parties will deal squarely with each other . Lawsuits are typically brought when one party feels the other is using technical excuses to breach its contractual obligations . That 's what Ginsberg 's lawyers will claim in Tuesday 's arguments . Attorney Adina Rosenbaum says the WorldPerks program in itself is not a "  service , " as defined by the federal law at issue , and therefore the rabbi 's claim is not preempted . "  The word ` service ' does not encompass every activity undertaken by an air carrier , " said Rosenbaum . "  If an airline owned a restaurant , ran a dry cleaner , or managed a sports team , it would not be immunized from following state laws relating to those activities simply because it is an airline . Rather the ` service ' referred to in the ADA is the service customers are buying when they buy an airline ticket : the service of providing air transportation . " But the airline counters the ruling from the appeals court was "  nothing short of mystifying . " "  Implied covenant claims ask a court to substitute state law for competitive market forces , contrary to Congress ' deregulatory intent " under the ADA , said Paul Clement , the company 's appellate attorney , who will press his arguments before the justices . "  This case arises in one of the discrete contexts in which  the federal Department of Transportation  retains substantial regulatory authority and capacity . If DOT determines that airlines are being deceptive or manipulative in exercising their discretion to remove abusive members of their frequent flyer programs  an unlikely prospect since the programs exist to reward and retain the most valued customers  , DOT has authority to act . Absent such a determination , there is no role for courts applying state law concepts of fundamental fairness and decency . " The Obama administration is supporting Northwest . Ginsberg -- who is still a frequent flier , but is no longer loyal to any one airline -- said he is hoping to get his miles back , have his status reinstated , and get fair compensation for what he claims to have endured . "  To me , it 's outright fraud . You ca n't take somebody 's mileage away when they 've accumulated it , " he said . "  We live in a country that was built on freedom and this to me is a tremendous abuse of freedom . " The case is Northwest , Inc. v. Ginsberg  12-462  . A ruling is expected by the spring .	Rabbi Ginsberg says he was told he complained too much Northwest Airlines kicked him out of the frequent flier program The rabbi lost all of his frequent flier miles as well The high court will look at consumer rights vs. corporate law
CNN  -- Rafa Benitez 's turbulent reign as Chelsea manager took another battering on the day his supposed successor , Pep Guardiola , agreed a deal to become the new manager of Bayern Munich . Benitez , who was appointed as Chelsea interim manager in November following the dismissal of Roberto Di Matteo , was left stunned after his team squandered a two-goal lead to draw 2-2 with lowly Southampton . European champion Chelsea is now 13 points adrift of Premier League leader Manchester United with 16 games remaining and has failed to win any of their past three games at Stamford Bridge . Guardiola agrees three-year deal with Bayern A 1-0 defeat by bottom side Queens Park Rangers was followed by a 2-0 loss in the League Cup against Swansea City . Benitez has managed just one home win in six attempts in all competitions since taking over , while he has triumphed in six of the seven away fixtures . But few expected Chelsea to drop points against a Southampton team which they had demolished 5-1 in the FA Cup on January 5 . Chelsea suffers home humiliation New signing Demba Ba and Belgian midfielder Eden Hazard had given Chelsea a comfortable advantage at the break as the Blues dominated . But Southampton , which has lost just two of its previous 12 league games , refused to accept defeat and launched a stirring fightback . Substitute Rickie Lambert headed home his 10th goal of the season with 58 minutes gone before Jason Puncheon netted a dramatic equalizer with 15 minutes remaining . The result leaves Chelsea in third place , six points behind Manchester City and just two ahead of London rivals Tottenham . James Gibson : The man who saved Manchester United -- twice Elsewhere , Manchester United booked its place in the fourth round of the FA Cup and a home tie against Fulham following a narrow 1-0 win over West Ham . Wayne Rooney , who missed a second half penalty , scored the only goal of the game after nine minutes . Arsenal will play second tier Brighton in the fourth round after edging out Swansea 1-0 courtesy of Jack Wilshere 's spectacular strike . Messi leads Barcelona to new record Meanwhile , Barcelona was held to a 2-2 draw in the first leg of its Copa del Rey quarterfinal by 10-man Malaga at Camp Nou . Malaga , which was soundly beaten 3-1 by Barca in La Liga last weekend , took a surprise lead through Manuel Iturra after 26 minutes . But Barca , which has not lost a domestic game this season , hit back through Lionel Messi and Carles Puyol to lead 2-1 at the interval . Nacho Monreal , a halftime substitute for Malaga , was then sent off with 15 minutes remaining to leave the visitor facing an uphill task . But with Barca seemingly coasting to victory , Ignacio Camacho popped up at the death to fire home and ensure the two teams will start level on January 24 . In Italy , Mattio Destro 's extra-time strike booked Roma 's place in the semifinals of the Coppa Italia . Destro scored the only goal of the game as Roma recorded a 1-0 win at Fiorentina to set up a last-four clash with Inter Milan . Valentine 's Day comes early for Epinal In France , Rennes sealed its place in the final of the French League Cup following a 2-0 win over league champion Montpellier . Julien Feret and Mevlut Erding scored the goals to set up a final clash with Saint Etienne on April 20 .	Chelsea only manages 2-2 draw at home to struggling Southampton Manchester United and Arsenal progress to fourth round of FA Cup with nervy victories Barcelona held to a 2-2 draw in Copa del Rey by Malaga Roma through to semifinal of Coppa Italia
CNN  When Selena was breaking concert attendance records at home and abroad , there were n't a lot of crossover pop stars who looked like her in the United States . There was Rita Moreno and Gloria Estefan and ... well , that 's about it . The March 31 , 1995 , death of the Mexican-American singer plunged many Latino listeners into mourning and brought her music to the attention of English speakers who would soon become fans . Selena Quintanilla-Perez started singing the Tejano music that eventually made her famous in her father 's restaurant in Lake Jackson , Texas . Her father Abraham taught the family band and named them Los Dinos after his own group from earlier years . Selena 's brother , A.B. , played bass , and her sister , Suzette , played drums . When the family moved to Corpus Christi , the group started getting gigs at local parties and weddings . Selena was only 15 when she won female entertainer of the year at the Tejano Music Awards . That got her a record contract , and several albums followed . She eventually married her guitarist , Chris Perez . In 1994 , she won a Grammy for best Mexican-American album for "  Selena Live ! " and seemed poised for mainstream stardom . When the president of Selena 's fan club shot her to death the following year in a Texas motel room , her first English-language album was months from release . Her death made international headlines . She was 23 years old . Twenty years later , her influence is still being felt . Her official Facebook page still has more than 2 million likes , and fans are remembering the singer who crossed barriers and made them sing and dance to her blend of Tejano music . Fans will celebrate her life and legacy at the commemorative Fiesta de la Flor in Corpus Christi in mid-April . Here are five things you may not know about Selena . Selena had to learn Spanish . A third-generation Texan of Mexican descent , Selena did n't grow up speaking Spanish . Neither did her husband , Perez , who played guitar in her band and fell in love with her on the road . In his book , "  To Selena , with Love , " Perez said they practiced speaking Spanish before their first big publicity blitz in Mexico . "  In Mexico , Selena mangled her conversations in Spanish like the rest of us , but not for long . " "  She said , ` It 'll be cool . You watch . I 'm going to learn Spanish and surprise everybody , ' " Perez wrote . "  She got better and better , to the point where I 'd have to ask her to slow down so that I could understand what she was saying . " She sold out the Astrodome . Selena performed several times at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo at the Astrodome to sold-out crowds of more than 60,000 people .  It was n't just any rodeo : Elvis Presley , Michael Jackson and the Osmonds have all played the event . "  We had 20 performances this year , " Leroy Shafer , assistant general manager of the show , told the New York Times in 1995 . "  We had Reba McEntire , George Strait , Clint Black and Vince Gill . She had the highest-selling show concert at our show this year , at 61,041 in the Astrodome . " Her album went to No. 1 . Her 1995 crossover album , "  Dreaming of You , " went to the top of the Billboard 200 the first week it was released . She was the first Latin artist to debut atop the list . "  There were supposed to be 14 tracks , but we had only recorded four of them , so we put together a tribute album of new and old songs , " Nancy Brennan , then vice president of A&R at EMI , told Texas Monthly . "  Making that album was the most difficult thing I have ever had to do , because we were listening to her voice all day and crying as we were mixing the songs . " "  Selena "  the movie  ignited Jennifer Lopez 's career . Starring as Selena in the 1997 movie of the same name , Jennifer Lopez became the first Latina actress to be paid $ 1 million for a movie role . Lopez was nominated for a Golden Globe for her performance . "  Getting to play the part of Selena was life-changing for me , " Lopez told Para Todos magazine . "  I got to immerse myself in her life , got to know her family , her home , her culture ... every part of her story . It was a special time in my life both professionally and personally . Playing her not only opened doors for me in the film world , but it inspired me to start my own music career . In a lot of ways , I would n't be where I am today if I had n't had that experience . " Selena 's killer is eligible for parole in 2025 . Yolanda Saldivar , the president of Selena 's fan club , was sentenced to life in prison in October 1995 for Selena 's murder . Saldivar must serve at least 30 years of her sentence before she is eligible for parole . Selena was meeting with Saldivar at a Corpus Christi motel to discuss her concerns that Saldivar had embezzled money from her when Saldivar shot her , according to trial testimony . Saldivar argued that she accidentally fired the shot , but the jury did n't buy it . CNN 's Victoria Moll-Ramirez contributed to this story .	Selena 's music attracted Latino fans in the U.S. and Spanish-speaking fans abroad She had to learn Spanish to conduct interviews in Spanish-speaking countries Her English-language album went to No. 1 on Billboard 's Top 200 chart after she died
CNN  -- Aftershocks rattled southern Taiwan in the hours after a magnitude 6.4 earthquake shook the island , but left it relatively unscathed . Thursday morning 's quake was followed by more than 15 aftershocks , the largest reaching 4.8 . Taiwan 's interior ministry reported 12 minor injuries -- nine in Kaohsiung county , two in Jia Yi county and one in Tainan county . The quake struck about 8:20 a.m.  7:20 p.m. Wednesday ET  in a mountainous region about 25 miles northwest of Taitung , on the southeast coast , and 40 miles east of Tainan and Kaohsiung on the southwest coast . The region includes Taiwan 's Maolin National Scenic Area and is still recovering from a direct hit by Typhoon Morakot that killed hundreds in August . The typhoon dumped more than two feet of rain , causing serious mudslides in the south , including one that buried the village of Shiao Lin under 50 feet of mud . Shuo Hong , an orthopedic surgeon in Taipei , about 155 miles away from the epicenter , felt the earthquake during a meeting at a hospital . "  We were debating whether or not to run for shelter , but the hospital is safe , " he said "  It is built to resist a 7.0-magnitude earthquake . "  It was shaking for about 20 to 30 seconds , shaking more than what we expected , " Hong said . Were you there ? Did you feel it ? The Taiwan Ministry of Interior and the National Fire Agency said electricity was cut off in parts of Kaohsiung county , Jia Yi city and Jia Yi county . Taiwan 's official news agency reported that a fire broke out in Jia Yi city . Residents in southern Taiwan reported cracks in some buildings and major bridges . Train service was also disrupted in some areas , Taiwanese media reported . Two small hotels near the epicenter that were contacted by CNN reported no damage , though the buildings shook for a few seconds during the quake . Albert Yu , communications manager of the humanitarian organization World Vision , told CNN he was about half-way through a 90-minute trip via high-speed train from Taipei to Tainan when the quake struck . Passengers did not feel the quake , he said , but operators stopped the train and announced what had happened before inspecting the tracks for stability . During the delay , Yu said people were calm , "  opening laptops ... and chatting with people around them . " Yu said World Vision "  has already been on high alert responding to the quakes in Haiti and Chile , so we 're closely monitoring reports in the earthquake in southern Taiwan . " Residents in Taipei , the capital , also felt the shaking . Earthquakes are far from uncommon on the nearly 14,000-square-mile island -- about the size of the U.S. states of Maryland and Delaware combined -- which sits across the juncture of the Eurasian and Philippine tectonic plates . A 6.4-magnitude earthquake struck the same general region in December . The island took a double hit on December 26 , 2006 , when earthquakes of 7.1 and 6.9 magnitude hit eight minutes apart . The largest recorded quake to strike Taiwan was an 8.0-magnitude quake in 1920 , but the worst earthquake disaster stemmed from a 7.1-magnitude quake in 1935 that killed more than 3,200 people -- followed by a 6.5-magnitude quake that killed more than 2,700 people three months later . More recently , a 7.6-magnitude earthquake killed more than 2,400 people in 1999 . CNN 's Christine Theodorou and Journalist Andrew Lee contributed to this report	NEW : Quake followed by more than 15 aftershocks , the largest reaching 4.8 6.4 quake rocks southern Taiwan at about 0120 GMT ; no immediate reports of deaths Quake hits northwest of Taitung , on the southeast coast Residents in southern Taiwan report blackouts ; train services disrupted
EW.com  -- Passion defies reason in "  The Deep Blue Sea . " And in this typically exquisite , nuanced , memory-infused work from master British filmmaker Terence Davies  "  The House of Mirth "  , we believe every minute of the torment of Hester  Rachel Weisz  , a cultivated woman who 's married  passionlessly  to a solicitous magistrate named Sir William  Simon Russell Beale  but is helplessly in thrall to Freddie  Tom Hiddleston from "  War Horse " and "  Thor "  , a younger , drink-prone chap who will never love her the way she does him . Never mind . Hester leaves her marriage for Freddie . She abandons upper-class comfort to move in with him , and when he forgets to be home on her birthday -- golf with his mates was what he fancied -- she tries to gas herself to death in their dinky flat .  That 's no spoiler . It happens in the first scene . Davies adapted "  The Deep Blue Sea " from the 1952 play of the same name by Terence Rattigan as part of the centenary celebration of the late British playwright . It 's easy to see why the material spoke to the director : With his painterly filmmaking style , his characteristic interest in the intersection between longing and restraint , and his ongoing fascination with the early postwar England of his own childhood , Davies has been able to shape the stage play to his strengths , telling the story from Hester 's point of view . It helps that Weisz , in one of her finest performances , opens herself beautifully to vulnerability and folly . It 's also important that , as played by Beale and Hiddleston , no man is the villain . In interviews , Davies has given aesthetic shout-outs to both the movies of Doris Day and the quintessentially British thwarted-passion drama from 1945 , "  Brief Encounter . " The muted yet rich palette of "  The Deep Blue Sea , " the calm compositions and the gently flowing pace , though , are all his . Collectors of perfect tracking shots will be thrilled by one in a tube station during the Blitz . And fans of Davies since his early , autobiographical films "  Distant Voices , " "  Still Lives , " and "  The Long Day Closes " will appreciate the inclusion of one of his favorite time-capsule gestures : a warm pub scene in which every patron , young and old , joins in singing popular tunes . So very British and so very much a lost era . EW 's grade : A See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rachel Weisz plays Hester , a woman who leaves her marriage for a younger man Terrence Davies adapted "  The Deep Blue Sea " from the 1952 play of the same name Weisz , in one of her finest performances , opens herself beautifully to vulnerability and folly
CNN  -- It is a familiar tactical strategy at the Supreme Court : when an oral argument gets too dense over regulatory interpretation -- turn it into a sports analogy . An Obama administration lawyer did that Tuesday in closely watched environmental appeal , comparing federal efforts aimed at curbing air pollution to basketball scores . The court seemed impressed , with Chief Justice John Roberts calling it a "  pretty good " analogy . After that the athletic aphorisms just would not stop . At issue is whether an "  upwind " state that is polluting a "  downwind " state is free of any obligations under the so-called Good Neighbor provision , unless and until federal regulators have quantified the upwind state 's contribution to downwind state 's air pollution problems . The case is an important test of federal regulatory power , and the rules issued two years ago by the Environmental Protection Agency are being challenged by a coalition of 15 states , as well as several energy companies and labor unions . Leaders in some mostly conservative states say lost jobs and higher energy costs are at stake from what they see as arbitrary and ambiguous regulations . But the administration and its environmental allies counter Americans ' health should come first , and that as many as 45,000 deaths could be prevented each year if the Cross-State Pollution Rule would be allowed to go into effect . Overall , it appeared the EPA may prevail in the complex regulatory case , based on the comments from the justices during 90 minutes of arguments . It would be a rare environmental victory in a conservative majority court , if that were to occur . The arguments come just hours after eight of nine governors from the affected downwind states signed a petition urging the EPA to force nine southern and midwestern upwind states to reduce smog and soot emissions from power plants . The one downwind governor who did not sign was Gov. Chris Christie , the New Jersey Republican . Those Democratic or Independent governors criticized a federal appeals court ruling last year against federal oversight , saying it "  allows upwind states to postpone the costs of air pollution controls for years , while in the interim downwind states and their residents are forced to suffer the present consequences of that pollution . " Enforcement of what is known as the Transport Rule was adopted by the EPA in 2011 , but remains on hold while the court cases work toward a final conclusion . In Tuesday 's session , Justice Department lawyer Malcolm Stewart got the ball rolling when he said the EPA should be allowed to use the somewhat discretionary standard "  contribute significantly , " when determining a state 's cost-based share of transported air pollution . "  There are various reasons to think that EPA reasonably construed that term to include a component of difficulty of achievement , " he said of a downwind state 's inability to comply , in the face of continuing pollution from its neighbors . "  We might say that dunking a basketball is a more significant achievement for somebody who is 5 feet 10 than for somebody who is 6 feet 10 . " Roberts took up the challenge when sharply questioning the lawyer representing corporate and union interests , Peter Keisler . "  If you ask the coach what significantly contributed to the loss , he 's going to talk about the missed layup rather than the missed desperation throw , " said the chief justice , "  even though as far as amount , each was going to count for two points . " Justice Antonin Scalia used the metaphor to turn the point on its head . "  The question you should ask the coach , when you lost 101 to 100 : which of the 101 points contributed most to your loss ? " he asked , bringing laughter in the courtroom . "  I mean , he would not answer the one that was the layup . He 'd say what do you mean ? All of the 101 points . " Scalia added the proposed EPA rule changes were not what Congress had in mind when it passed the landmark Clean Air Act . Adding to the sports talk , he said the agency has "  hidden the ball " with its ambiguous standards . "  We 're not going to tell you what the target is , " he said , relying on his own interpretation of what federal regulators are doing to some states . "  It 's up to you to come up with a SIP  state implementation plan  and we 'll tell you after the fact whether that SIP happened to meet the target that we 've invented . " Among the provisions being challenged is the EPA 's cost-based formula , using what it calls a balance between an upwind state 's obligation to reduce coal-fired pollution , and the amount of money that would be required for a downwind state to feasibly meet its own obligations . That calculation was a key part of the oral argument , which critics of the policies say unfairly punishes some states more than others , by placing a greater financial burden for their share of unhealthy air particulates . Texas Solicitor General Jonathan Mitchell , representing one of the states challenging the rules told the court , "  EPA 's actions in this case have written the states out of the Clean Air Act . ... EPA has left the states completely in the dark about the meaning of the phrase ` contribute significantly . ' " Justice Stephen Breyer called it a tough problem and questioned the upwind states ' position . "  But it 's supposed to advance the ball " using yet another sports reference . "  So there is a procedure for the states to come in if they can come up with a better plan . That 's what you 've just heard , and so do it . So what 's arbitrary or capricious about such a system ? " Mitchell said it was up to the EPA to issue clear guidelines before enforcing those standards , and the burden was on the federal government , not the states . Breyer , in response : "  There 's six states that contribute to the seventh state 's pollution , and how much each state can cut back depends . It depends on what it costs . It depends on how much they contribute . It depends upon what the other states will do . It depends upon where the wind blows , and that changes all the time , " he said . The justices next February will hear a related case : can the EPA tighten emission standards for "  stationary " greenhouse gas sources -- such as power plants -- in what the government says is an effort to stem the effects of global warming . The high court in 2007 affirmed the conclusions by much of the scientific community that greenhouse gases are an air pollutant , but that case just dealt with emissions from motor vehicles . The high court will decide if the agency properly extended its regulatory authority . The consolidated cases argued Tuesday are EPA v. EME Homer City Generation  12-1182  and American Lung Assn. v. EME Homer City Generation  12-1183  . A ruling is due in the next several months .	States that pollute are under fire from those that do n't Fifteen states , other groups challenging new federal anti-pollution rules There 's a chance the EPA may prevail in the case before conservative Supreme Court Oral arguments over 90 minutes take on sports metaphor theme
CNN  -- The turmoil that 's roiled Arab states from Tunisia to Yemen is also creating a headache for those entrusted with reviving economies hard hit by rising energy and food prices , growing public debt and the prospect of more expensive borrowing on the international markets . Since mid-January , credit rating agencies such as Moody 's have downgraded the sovereign debt of Tunisia , Jordan and Egypt . On Tuesday Moody 's changed the outlook on Jordan 's foreign currency bonds to negative from stable , citing "  fiscal and economic downside risks related to ongoing turmoil in the region following events in Tunisia and Egypt . " Moody 's said that Jordanian protesters "  could use the regional uprisings as an opportunity to express their discontent about high unemployment and the lack of development for low-income groups . " Standard & Poor 's , another major credit rating agency , made a similar move . Jordanian officials are not happy with the downgrade , arguing that their public finances are sound -- Jordan 's foreign currency reserves actually rose last year and stand at about $ 12 billion -- and that the economy may grow as much as 6 % in 2011 . Protests there have been largely peaceful and far smaller than in Egypt and Tunisia . But after pledging to cut the budget deficit , the government reversed course in January with a package of subsidies and salary increases amounting to some $ 600 million , to compensate for higher prices . International bond markets are wary that governments may try to "  buy their way " out of trouble , in the words of one analyst . It is a potentially toxic cycle , according to regional economists . Egypt and Tunisia have already suffered a loss of tourism revenue in peak season , while record-high grain prices and a surge in the price of crude oil have fueled inflation . Jordan imports 90 per cent of its oil , and faces disruption to its gas supplies after an explosion at a pipeline in Egypt last week . Like Jordan , Egypt has opted to spend more on subsidies for the poor . The recent street protests , now in their third week , have led stores , businesses , the stock market and banks to close -- a further cost . Until the protests erupted , Egypt had a positive reputation in the international debt markets -- with attractive interest rates for investors , banks that had avoided high-risk investments , a manageable budget deficit and low overall sovereign debt . Like Jordan , it was working to cut its budget deficit . But markets abhor uncertainty and the government 's cost of borrowing has risen sharply since the protest movement erupted -- although it has fallen back slightly in recent days . Earlier this week , the Egyptian Central Bank intervened to support the pound against the dollar , spending precious foreign currency in the process . And before the Egyptian stock market closed , some $ 5 billion was wiped off the value of Egyptian stocks in just two days . In addition , government wages and pensions in Egypt have been increased 15 per cent . Credit strategists say any labor unrest -- especially at the Suez Canal where a strike began among service workers Wednesday -- would put Egypt 's finances under further pressure . Shipping has so far been unaffected by the labor action . Market commentators say that international investors are already avoiding Egyptian Treasury auctions -- another is due next week -- meaning local banks are expected to pick up the slack . One former Jordanian official told CNN that he hoped the country 's vulnerable economic state and its value to the United States as a reliable pro-Western ally would prompt greater financial support from Washington . Last year , foreign grants -- mainly from the United States and Saudi Arabia -- totaled more than $ 400 million . But there is pressure on the U.S. federal budget too .	Credit rating agencies have downgraded the debt of Tunisia , Jordan and Egypt A potentially toxic economic cycle could hurt Arab economies , analysts say Jordan objects to downgrade , may look for more U.S. aid
LAGOS , Nigeria  CNN  -- Nigeria 's main militant group said Friday it destroyed another oil pipeline owned and operated by a foreign company in the Niger Delta region . File image shows Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta fighters . It is the third reported attack this week by the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , or MEND , which demands a fairer distribution of the country 's oil wealth . "  Heavily armed fighters " blew up a "  major " crude oil pipeline run by the Italian gas company , Agip , in Bayelsa state early Friday , MEND spokesman Jomo Gbomo said in an e-mail . There was no immediate word from Agip about the purported attack . Some companies in the region have shut down their operations in the Niger Delta in the wake of ongoing violence there . The fighters reached the pipeline after overpowering a Nigerian military gunboat , Gbomo said . "  All the soldiers numbering seven  7  were dispossessed of their weapons , " he said . "  The gunboat was also stripped of its weapons before it was disabled by explosives . The soldiers pleaded for their lives to be spared and we did . " The militant group said it blew up Shell 's major crude oil trunk line late Wednesday in Bayelsa state , as part of its campaign "  to cripple the entire oil and gas export of the Federal Republic of Nigeria . " MEND called on the company to "  vacate the Niger Delta region to avoid collateral damage to their investment and death to staff . " Shell confirmed an attack on its pipeline in Bayelsa on Wednesday , saying it shut down some production "  to avoid potential environmental impact , " spokesman David Williams said . "  There 's a joint investigation underway to determine the quantity of crude  oil  spilled , " Williams told CNN from the company 's headquarters in The Hague , Netherlands . MEND also claimed to have attacked a Chevron oil station in the Niger Delta region Monday and threatened further attacks in other states in the Niger Delta region , as well as on offshore oil facilities . At the time , a Chevron spokesman said it was investigating the reported attack on its Abiteye flow station . The U.S.-based company halted its onshore operations in the region last month . MEND on Monday also warned the international football association FIFA that it should "  rethink " allowing Nigeria to host the upcoming under-17 World Cup series later this year . "  The safety of international players and visitors can not be guaranteed due to the current unrest , " MEND said in an e-mail . Only two out of the nine stadiums in Nigeria are close to being ready for the tournament which is scheduled to take place between October 24 and November 15 , according to FIFA . The association has given the country a grace period to start constructing the remaining venues , FIFA Vice President Jack Warner said . Last month , the militant group declared an "  all-out war " on the government after what it said was a deadly bombing raid on civilians . It is not the first declaration of war by MEND , which demands that more of Nigeria 's oil wealth be reinvested in the region instead of enriching those whom the militants consider corrupt politicians . The militant group declared war against the government in September for what it said were unprovoked attacks . At that time , MEND destroyed several oil facilities , forcing Nigeria to cut its oil exports by as many as 1 million barrels of oil per day , or 40 percent . The recent violence -- which has included attacks on pipelines and hostage-taking -- has limited shipment of crude oil supplies out of Nigeria , Africa 's largest producer .	Militants claim to have overpowered gunboat and bombed a major pipeline Third alleged attack this week by the Emancipation of the Niger Delta  MEND Last month the militant group declared an "  all-out war " on the government Recent violence has limited shipments of crude oil supplies from Nigeria
CNN  -- "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " is being called so bad , it hurts . "  Hello , police ? I 'd like to report an assault , " begins The Seattle Times review . "  Down at the MegaGigaGrandePlex , and it 's still going on . Come quick ! I barely escaped with my life . The perp ? Michael Bay . He gave me a full-body beatdown . His weapon ? ` Transformers : Age of Extinction . ' " The fourth installment of Michael Bay 's toys-to-big-screen franchise is supposed to press reset on the story with a new leading man -- Mark Wahlberg in for Shia LaBeouf -- but critics have n't fallen for it . While Bay has said that he envisions "  Age of Extinction " to be the launching pad for a new "  Transformers " trilogy to follow the one led by LaBeouf -- which included "  Transformers "  2007  ; "  Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen "  2009  ; and "  Transformers : Dark of the Moon "  2011  -- the question critics have asked is whether there needs to be a new trilogy at all . Wahlberg stars in "  Age of Extinction " as Texan Cade Yeager , an inventor and single dad of a teen daughter  Nicola Peltz  . He accidentally stumbles upon Optimus Prime when he picks up an old truck . Set four years after the events of "  Dark of the Moon , " Optimus Prime and the rest of the Autobots are now being targeted for elimination , spearheading showdowns between the Autobots and their allies -- Cade , his daughter , and her boyfriend  Jack Reynor  -- and , well , everyone else . As Wahlberg said at the premiere , "  Age of Extinction " is built to be "  bigger and better , but also  with  more story  and  more character . And a whole new threat not only to the humans but also to the Autobots . " The good news is that more than one critic thought "  Extinction " really is better than some of the prior "  Transformers " installments , although that sentiment was n't shared by all . USA Today , for example , found "  Extinction " to be "  deafening , deadening and about two hours too long ...  the  weakest installment yet of the 7-year-old Hasbro franchise if the previous three movies were discernible from one another . " But the real issue , as several point out , is the absurdly long running time . "  You can admire what  Bay  does without really enjoying it , " says the New York Times ' A.O. Scott . "  Two hours and 46 minutes of pulverized architecture is a lot to endure , but in every Michael Bay movie there are at least a few moments of inspired , kinetic absurdity . " The Hollywood Reporter acknowledges that there is "  a lot of state-of-the-art 3-D chicanery , and the film is a marked improvement over the wholesale inhuman chaos of the last two installments . But the bloat of this latest entry -- at 165 minutes , the longest of the lot -- suggests that Michael Bay and his team are struggling to rejuvenate the whole premise . " At the very least , says the Los Angeles Times , fans of the franchise will adore the movie . "  It 's still not a great movie , but it is , most definitely , full-metal Bay . " And if you 're not already sold on Bay , or the film series ? Good luck  and we hope you like CGI  . The movie "  is basically a shambles , " says New York Magazine 's David Edelstein . "  If you do see it , I suggest you savor each image on its own terms as a work of CGI art . Dig the bombardment . Forget trying to figure out who 's zapping whom and why . Free your mind -- or risk having it transformed into porridge . " Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested and released after outburst in Broadway theater CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	"  Transformers : Age of Extinction " is n't winning fans among critics At least one reviewer found it to be painfully bad But fans of the franchise will likely enjoy it
CNN  -- Facebook 's user base is nearly as large as the U.S. population and , for the first time , the site has turned a profit . Facebook now has 300 million users -- almost as many as the population of the United States . That was the double-barreled announcement Tuesday from Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , who thanked the site 's users for helping its online community cross the 300 million threshold . There are about 307 million people living in the United States , according to the U.S. Census Bureau . "  We 're just getting started on our goal of connecting everyone , " Zuckerberg wrote on the company 's blog . "  Because we want to make it as easy and fast as possible for the world to connect , one of the things we think a lot about is how to make Facebook perform even faster and more efficiently as we grow , " he wrote . "  We face a lot of fun and important challenges that require rethinking the current systems for enabling information flow across the Web . " The social networking site , while popular with its exploding user base , has struggled to turn a profit . But Zuckerberg said the company became profitable last quarter , beating its goal of getting out of the red by the end of 2010 . "  This is important to us because it sets Facebook up to be a strong independent service for the long term , " he wrote . In July , the California startup company announced it had hit the 250 million-user mark , which indicates it has grown by 50 million users in two months . That 's more than 800,000 new users per day . About 70 percent of Facebook 's users are outside the U.S. , according to statistics posted by the company . The site started out as a portal for college students but has attracted the attention of baby boomers and older generations in recent years . Facebook says its fastest-growing demographic is people older than 35 . Watch Randi Zuckerberg of Facebook 's marketing team talk about the milestone " Over the past year , the social network has seen a challenge from Twitter , the popular micro-blogging site . Many bloggers see recent updates to Facebook 's interface as copied from Twitter 's stripped-down design . As Facebook has grown , it also has drawn criticism from privacy groups like the American Civil Liberties Union , which says people on Facebook unwillingly give up personal information to advertisers and Facebook application developers . In a video interview with Fortune , Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg said Facebook gives its users robust privacy controls . She also told Fortune that a new approach to online advertising has helped Facebook 's revenue grow throughout the recession . "  Our advertisements are very much part of the user experience , " she said . "  So the same way you can RSVP for an event on Facebook -- you know , a party your friend might throw -- you can RSVP for a movie premiere . And that 's really a movie advertisement saying , ` Our movie is opening this weekend . Do you want to go ? ' " After Zuckerberg 's blog post went up Tuesday , more than 500 Facebook users commented , largely cheering him on . "  i -LSB- heart -RSB- facebook . mark , you are my hero ! " one user wrote . "  Today the Internet , tomorrow the world , " said another . Technology blogs jumped on the news from Facebook , which was posted about 7 p.m. ET on Tuesday . MG Siegler at the blog TechCrunch wrote that it was inevitable that Facebook would pass the 300 million mark but that its finance news was more significant . New technologies probably are helping Facebook keep its computer server costs down , which is important because Facebook stores a lot of data , he wrote . The site is effectively the largest photo-sharing site online , he said . John Paczkowski , a writer for the Wall Street Journal 's AllThingsD blog , said Facebook 's financial announcement indicates the startup is n't thinking about selling out . "  It would seem then that Facebook has no interest whatsoever in selling itself off to Google or anyone else , " he wrote . "  It would much rather go public . "	Facebook announces it has 300 million users and has turned a profit That makes the social network roughly the size of the U.S. in population CEO writes Facebook will be a "  strong independent service for the long term "
CNN  -- Bayern Munich maintained their perfect start to the Bundesliga season with a 2-0 win away to Werder Bremen on Saturday . Two late goals from Luiz Gustavo and Mario Mandzukic sealed a sixth straight win for Jupp Heynckes ' side and stretch their lead over Frankfurt -- who play Freiburg on Sunday -- to five points . Gustavo 's 81st minute effort gave Bayern the lead as the match looked to be heading for a draw with Mandzukic scoring three minutes later to seal all three points . "  We were too slow in the first half and my players tested my patience a bit . I had to find hard words for my halftime talk and in the end it was enough for a win against a tough Bremen side , " Heynckes said . Reigning champions Borussia Dortmund routed Moenchengladbach 5-0 to rise to third in the table . Marco Reus scored a brace against his old club with defender Neven Subotic , Ilkay Guendogan and Jakub Blaszczykowski also getting on the score sheet . Elsewhere , Bayer Leverkusen are up to seventh in the table after beating Greuther Fuerth 2-0 , while Stuttgart enjoyed their first win of the season , beating Nuremberg by the same scoreline . Hamburg also claimed a valuable three points with a 1-0 win over Hannover . Bottom-of-the-table Augsburg played out a goalless draw at Hoffenheim in a game overshadowed by concern for Boris Vukcevic . The 22-year-old Hoffenheim midfielder is in a critical condition after his car collided with a truck on Friday . Both players and fans at Saturday 's match showed their support with banners and t-shirts bearing Vukcevic 's name .	Bayern Munich make it six wins from six games in Bundesliga 2-0 win away to Werder Bremen extends lead over Frankfurt to five points Borussia Dortmund up to third after 5-0 rout of Moenchengladbach
EW.com  -- Is putting naked and famous people in music videos the only way veteran indie bands can get attention anymore ? Not long after the Flaming Lips got a Badu or two to get naked in their latest clip , Icelandic indie act Sigur Ros is unveiling a never-before-seen short film by Lars von Trier their new video for "  Fjögur Píanó " -- and it features a lot of Shia LaBeouf . Like , all of him . According the the press release , the Alma Har ` el-directed video is meant to depict "  a man and woman locked in a never-ending cycle of addiction and desire . " Incidentally , it also depicts Shia LaBeouf 's penis , so , you know . Click here to watch the NSFW video . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Actor Shia LaBeauf appears in a new music video The video for "  Fjögur Píanó " features a full-frontal of LaBeauf The song is by Icelandic indie group Sigur Ros
CNN  Ben Carson suggested to CNN on Wednesday that prisons can turn straight people gay . Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee called being gay a lifestyle choice , like drinking alcohol . I guess the next thing these two presumed 2016 presidential hopefuls will tell America is being black is a choice , too . Like it or not , it 's no wonder Jeb Bush is emerging as the Republican Party 's 2016 frontrunner . Of course , there is that awkward little name thing , something he seems fully aware of -- despite only being in the exploratory phase of a potential campaign , Jeb has already declared he 's not just another Bush . "  A lot of people know my dad , they know my brother . As in everybody 's family , we 're all a little different , " he reportedly told a crowd in Las Vegas this week . And he seems to keep trying to distance himself from his family . "  Do you have brothers and sisters ? Are you exactly the same ? " he insisted . Yet Jeb is banking hard on the same vault of donors and operatives his father George H. W Bush and his brother George W. Bush used in their presidential campaigns . He 's already raising lots of money , asking donors recently not to give more than a still eye-popping $ 1 million to his super PAC . "  They did n't need to be persuaded , " Howard Leach , a Republican fundraiser for Jeb , told the Washington Post . So , what exactly is in a name like Bush ? Apparently , a whole lot of cash , which helps win presidential nominations and elections . And if Jeb wins the nomination in 2016 , it will likely be less "  joyfully , " as he promised last year , than ruthlessly . After all , we 're still more than 18 months from the election and Jeb 's locking in many of the same kinds of consultants that worked with his brother and father . "  Those who hold out can sense a distinct chill , " noted a recent New York Times article . Jeb 's campaign is seeking to hire "  donors , advisors and operatives , " wrote the Times , with "  deep connections to the Bush family 's past presidential campaigns and administrations . " Those same family members from whom Jeb swears he 's different ? And if consultants do n't abide by Jeb 's rules of loyalty and decide to work with other 2016 Republican aspirants ? "  Swift rebuke follows , " the Times notes , pointing to the example of IMGE , a technology company that reportedly fell out of favor with the Bush campaign after one of the firm 's founders indicated IMGE was hoping not to be tied to a single candidate . None of this is to suggest that Jeb Bush does n't have appeal as a candidate -- I like some of the things he did as Florida governor , like his record of cutting $ 19 billion in taxes and supporting school choice programs .  Although I 'm not a fan of his willingness to grant illegal immigrants amnesty in any shape , fashion or form .  He seems more equipped to lead America and get things done than some others in the already cramped horse race like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , who seems more concerned with telling people off than sounding presidential . Then there 's Rick Santorum and Huckabee , caring Christian men , but both too consumed with running for president of morality than bringing the entire country together after years of Obama supposedly dividing us on race , religion and sexuality . But what troubles me a little about Bush 's early attempts at "  corning the market " is that he 's relying on the same consultants that have cycled through the last 20-plus years of elections -- some of whom worked for Romney 's campaign . This raises the question of why , if Jeb does n't want the public to view him as just another Bush running for president , he seems to be relying on the Bush network of consultants ? The same playbook that helped get his brother and father get elected president is n't going to work for this Bush . The demographics of the country have changed , but it seems unlikely the Republican Party and its operatives have changed with it . The truth is that any Republican candidate who wins the nomination will have to refrain from business as usual . He  let 's face it , the GOP wo n't nominate a woman  will have to hire minorities and women in meaningful campaign positions and have a strategy to aggressively compete for minority votes . This is something Romney did n't do nearly enough of . Jeb is only in the "  pre-presidential " phase , ruminating over the idea . But he appears to be assembling a lot of the same old  white  faces of recent losing Republican campaigns we 've seen before . As a black conservative who would like to see a Republican in the White House again , I hope Jeb is n't Romney 2.0 .	Crystal Wright : Jeb Bush emerging as GOP 's 2016 frontrunner Previous Bush playbooks wo n't work this time , she says
Hurlburt Field , Florida  CNN  -- An Air Force CV-22 Osprey crashed Wednesday during a routine training mission north of Navarre , Florida , injuring five crew members aboard , a military official said . The crash occurred about 6:45 p.m. at Hurlburt Field 's Eglin Range , said Amy Nicholson , chief of public affairs at the airfield . The five injured crew members were taken to an area hospital , Nicholson said . The extent of their injuries was not immediately known . The cause of the accident is under investigation , she said . The Osprey was assigned to the 1st Special Operations Wing , the Air Force said . The tilt-rotor aircraft can fly like an airplane and land like a helicopter . The Army began developing the Osprey in 1982 , though the program was nearly scrapped in 1989 when then-Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney sought to cancel it because of ballooning costs . Questions were raised about the safety of the Osprey after two crashes , including one in 1992 at a Marine Corps air base in Virginia that killed the crew . In late 2000 , the Marine Corps grounded the Osprey fleet after two crashes -- one in Arizona that killed four crew members and 15 passengers , and another in North Carolina that killed the crew . A redesign was ordered on the Osprey , and it resumed flights in 2002 . The Air Force began using Ospreys in 2008 after testing the aircraft in 2006 . They were first deployed by the Marines in Iraq in 2007 after 18 years and $ 20 billion in development . ` Conclusive evidence ' that F-22 pilot over Alaska did not survive training mission crash CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report .	NEW : Development of the Osprey was nearly scrapped in 1989 A CV-22 Osprey crashed at Hurlburt Field 's Eglin Range , the Air Force says Five crew members are injured , a spokeswoman says The Osprey , a tilt-rotor aircraft , flies like a plane and lands like a helicopter
CNN  -- Guatemala 's Constitutional Court has barred the country 's former first lady from running for president -- shaking up the political landscape a month before the election . The court 's Monday ruling means Sandra Torres , who divorced Guatemala 's current president in an attempt to circumvent a nepotism law , has now exhausted her appeals . The seven justices voted unanimously that Torres was not eligible to be on the ballot because close relatives of the president are constitutionally barred from running . Three of the judges had additional arguments for the decision . Their decision upheld a Supreme Court of Justice ruling issued last month . Torres slammed the ruling Tuesday , saying it left Guatemala 's neediest citizens without anyone to represent them in the country 's highest office . "  Without any legal basis , they made decisions that were political , not legal , " she told reporters Tuesday . "  For me , it is anti-democratic , this political lynching , this lynching in the media , " she added . Torres filed for divorce from President Alvaro Colom on March 11 ; the divorce was finalized in April . The country 's Supreme Court ruled last month that the divorce was used to avoid the constitutional prohibition , and that in trying to get around the law , Torres committed fraud . She appealed to the Constitutional Court , which has final say in all constitutional matters . The Constitutional Court said that Torres was a close relative of the president and thus not eligible to run , but it dissented by rejecting that legal fraud had occurred . Some followers of Torres , who were gathered outside the court , cried when they heard the news . Torres said Tuesday that she had not decided whether to support another presidential candidate . She urged her followers to support congressional and mayoral candidates from the coalition of parties behind her candidacy , saying they would protect social programs . In her statement before the Constitutional Court last week , Torres accused the supreme court of having politicized justice . More than 1.7 million Guatemalans had signed a petition saying they wanted her as a candidate , she said , arguing that the people 's voice should be heard . "  Democracy is built with more democracy , " she told the judges . In her argument she reiterated that she was "  not married to anyone " and suggested that there was discrimination against her because of her gender . Torres , 55 , is a former businesswoman and clothing exporter . She was the candidate of the coalition of the National Unity for Hope Party  UNE  and the Grand National Alliance  GANA  . The end to her candidacy could boost the presidential aspirations of the front-runner , retired Gen. Otto Perez Molina of the Patriotic Party . According to a Prodatos poll released in late July , 37.6 % of those surveyed said they would vote for Perez Molina in the September 11 elections . Torres came in second with 17.2 % of the vote . The poll also asked who they would vote for if Torres ' candidacy was rejected . With Torres out , Perez Molina 's numbers rose to 41.2 % , and former congressman Manuel Baldizon , of the Democratic Renovated Liberty Party  Lider  , was a distant second with 13.6 % .	NEW : Sandra Torres says judges made their decision "  without any legal basis " The nation 's Constitutional Court says she ca n't run for office She divorced her husband , the president , to run In Guatemala , close relatives of the president are barred from running for election
CNN  -- There are few rivalries in sport that capture the imagination like the coming together of Real Madrid and Barcelona -- a soccer match of such enormity that it has its own nickname : "  El Clasico . " On the field , it is a billion-dollar grudge match between the two best teams in the football-mad country of Spain . Off the field , it is a tale of two cities -- a clash of Castilian nationalism and Catalan pride ; and a rivalry of cultures forged in the Spanish civil war and the reign of General Franco . The two will clash Wednesday at Real Madrid 's Estadio Santiago Bernabéu before traveling to Barcelona for the second leg of the Champions League semifinal next week . In a freak of fixture commitments , the superpowers of Spain will have met four times in the space of 18 days by May 4 , giving the historic rivalry an epic new chapter . Is Real Madrid 's Jose Mourinho the master of mind games ? Billion-dollar ball game The modern-day El Clasico brings together the world 's two highest-earning sports clubs -- boasting combined revenues of over $ 1 billion , according to international consulting firm Deloitte . The great rivals also lead the sports world in wages . According to Sporting Intelligence , Barca paid an average salary of $ 7.9 million to players last season , with Madrid dishing out $ 7.4 million . The New York Yankees baseball team are third on the list , paying an average $ 6.8 million . "  Both teams  Madrid and Barca  have steadily grown their revenue streams in recent years , contributing to their on-pitch performance through investment in better facilities , players and the development of youth team players , " said Dan Jones , sports business partner at Deloitte . But while the two teams clearly share a license to print money , they have contrasting approaches to the business of spending it . Madrid are famed for their extravagance -- with the $ 130 million paid to Manchester United for Cristiano Ronaldo in 2009 typical of their cavalier policy in the transfer market . They profess the ' "  Galacticos " mentality -- a team of superstars -- demonstrated by a 2010-11 squad that cost an eye-watering $ 689 million to assemble . Barca are not without their big-name signings , but rely far more heavily on homegrown talent -- with the likes of Lionel Messi and Spanish World Cup winners Xavi and Andres Iniesta being products of the club 's youth academy . Barca 's current squad cost just $ 254 million to assemble . History of rivalry Barcelona and Real Madrid played for the first time in 1902 , but the rivalry soon transcended the confines of a soccer match . Barca came to represent the fight for Catalan independence from Spain , and a rejection of the nationalist regime that ruled the country from Madrid -- especially under the rule of Franco , who came to power at the culmination of the bloody Spanish Civil War in 1939 . "  In Spain , the population of Catalonia do n't consider themselves Spanish , " said Adi-Oula Sebastian , editor of Barca fan site barcablaugranes.com . "  When the General Franco dictatorship forbade the use of regional dialects , the Camp Nou  Barcelona 's home stadium  became one of the few places Catalans were allowed to speak their language , without having to fear repercussions . " Madrid were the all-powerful institution . They had political and royal backing -- the "  Real " in their name , meaning "  Royal , " was a gift from King Alfonso XIII in 1920 -- and from the 1950s , boasted a collection of the world 's best and most glamorous players . "  For Madrid fans , the game is n't just about getting one over on our eternal rivals , it 's about winning a small argument about the country itself , " said Gabe Lezra , editor of fan site , managingmadrid.com "  In many ways , Madrid fans view these games as a playful argument about the way to see and understand the country as a whole . " The relationship was exacerbated by the transfer of Alfredo Di Stefano to Madrid in 1953 . The Argentine was wanted by both clubs , and both thought they 'd signed him . But it was Madrid who got the legendary striker , and Di Stefano duly inspired a decade of dominance at the Bernabeu . Barca have always suspected foul play . Their official website claims a "  royal decree " persuaded Di Stefano to join Madrid , and there has long been the suggestion that the establishment pushed the deal through . "  To this day supporters of Barcelona feel robbed , while Madrid fans argue the legitimacy of the deal , " said Sebastian . "  Imagine if Michael Jordan gave his word to sign for the Chicago Bulls , then joined the New York Knicks instead ! " El Clasico personalities The El Clasico as we find it today is defined by two world-class players , and two world-beating coaches . It is Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo against Barca 's Messi on the field , and Jose Mourinho against Pep Guardiola on the sidelines . Is Jose Mourinho the master of mind games ? Ronaldo is the powerfully-built Portuguese winger , with speed to burn and an armory of tricks at his disposal . Messi is the pint-size Argentine genius , who took Ronaldo 's crown as World Player of the Year in 2009 -- and retained the award in 2010 . "  There 's no-one to touch Messi at the moment . People compare him to the great Diego Maradona , and it 's a fair comparison , " said Tim Hanlan , author of "  A Catalan Dream . " "  Ronaldo is not quite on the same level , but his strength and pace can make him just as effective as Messi on his day . " Both players are having prolific seasons in front of goal , with each vying to be Europe 's top scorer . Their coaches have equally impressive resumes . Guardiola took over at Barcelona in 2008 , and led his team to Champions League glory in his first season in charge . Mourinho oversaw Porto 's shock European triumph in 2004 , and repeated the feat with Inter Milan in 2010 . "  I 've always loved Mourinho . Since his time at Porto I wanted him to join Madrid , " said Lezra . "  He 's a brilliant tactician , an incredible motivator and a born winner . And his personality fits Real Madrid perfectly . " Footballing duopoly Until relatively recently the Real-Barca rivalry was a one-sided affair . Madrid built dynasties in the 1950s and 1960s , and continued to dominate domestically and in Europe throughout the 1970s and 1980s . Barca enjoyed sporadic success , but it was n't until the early 1990s that they finally launched a dynasty of their own -- winning four titles in a row under Dutch coach Johan Cruyff before lifting their first European Cup in 1992 . The balance of power shifted back and forth over the next 15 years , but Barca are now in the ascendancy . Guardiola 's team have won the last two Spanish titles , and claimed a third Champions League crown in 2009 . Meanwhile , Madrid are without a European success since 2002 . "  Barcelona are definitely on top right now . They 've put together a great team , and have been playing the same style , with more or less the same players , for the last four years or so , " said Lezra . "  Madrid , on the other hand , have fired managers , brought in new players and made various tactical adjustments -- not a good strategy if you 're looking for long-term success . " Whether Barca can stay on stop will undoubtedly be influenced by the outcome of this year 's Champions League semifinal -- the latest chapter in a rivalry as fierce and colorful as any in sport . Who are you rooting for ? "  The rivalry between Barcelona and Real Madrid is special because both teams are made up of superstars , " said Sebastian . "  You 'll be hard-pressed to find as many world-class players sharing the pitch at the same time . In football , the El Clasico rivalry is as good as it gets . "	Real Madrid and Barcelona are Spain 's richest and most successful football teams Their rivalry began in 1902 , when Barcelona won a Spanish Cup semifinal 3-1 The teams have since shared 51 Spanish La Liga titles , Madrid winning 31 to Barca 's 20 In 2011 Barcelona and Real Madrid were drawn to play four times in 18 days
Attorney General Eric Holder is endorsing a plan to reduce sentences for certain drug offenses , which he says could reduce the federal prison population by more than 6,500 inmates in five years . Making a rare appearance Thursday before the U.S. Sentencing Commission , Holder plans to endorse the commission 's proposed change . According to prepared remarks provided by the Justice Department , the change would "  make the federal criminal justice system both more effective and more efficient when battling crime and the conditions and behaviors that breed it . " Holder says penalties would still be tough for violent criminals while finding ways to reduce the costs of the federal prison system . The move , which the sentencing commission might vote on in April , aligns with Holder 's "  Smart on Crime " initiative . Joining with conservative lawmakers and governors , Holder has pushed for reduced reliance on prison for certain nonviolent drug offenders . The federal prison system holds 216,000 prisoners . With only 5 % of the world 's population , Holder notes , the Unites States has nearly 25 % of the world 's prisoners . "  This overreliance on incarceration is not just financially unsustainable -- it comes with human and moral costs that are impossible to calculate , " Holder says in prepared remarks . Eased drug sentences : Holder expands defendants ' eligibility Rethinking drug sentences comes too late for some	Attorney General Eric Holder says plan could reduce federal prison population by thousands Holder says penalties would still be tough for violent criminals
A common benchmark in the United States for determining when a driver is legally drunk is not doing enough to prevent alcohol-related crashes that kill about 10,000 people each year and should be made more restrictive , transportation safety investigators say . The National Transportation Safety Board recommended on Tuesday that all 50 states adopt a blood-alcohol content  BAC  cutoff of 0.05 compared to the 0.08 standard on the books today and used by law enforcement and the courts to prosecute drunk driving . "  Most Americans think that we 've solved the problem of impaired driving , but in fact , it 's still a national epidemic , " NTSB Chairman Deborah Hersman said . The idea for a tighter standard is part of a safety board initiative outlined in a staff report and approved by the panel to eventually eliminate drunk driving , which accounts for about a third of all road deaths in the United States . NTSB looks to technology to end drunken driving in the U.S. Hersman said progress has been made over the years to reduce drunk driving , including a range of federal and state policies , tougher law enforcement , and stronger advocacy . But she said too many people are still dying on America 's roads . The board acknowledged that there was "  no silver bullet , " but that more action is needed at the federal and state levels . "  In the last 30 years , more than 440,000 people have perished in this country due to alcohol-impaired driving . What will be our legacy 30 years from now ? " Hersman asked . "  If we do n't tackle alcohol-impaired driving now , when will we find the will to do so ? " Lowering the rate to 0.05 would save about 500 to 800 lives annually , the safety board said . Under current law , a 180-pound male typically will hit the 0.08 threshold after four drinks over an hour , according to an online blood alcohol calculator published by the University of Oklahoma . That same person could reach the 0.05 threshold after two to three drinks over the same period , according to the calculator . Supreme Court rules against police in drunk driving case Many factors besides gender and weight influence a person 's blood alcohol content , and many states outlaw lower levels of inebriation when behind the wheel . The NTSB investigates transportation accidents and advocates on safety issues . It can not impose its will through regulation and can only recommend changes to federal and state agencies or legislatures , including Congress . But the independent agency is influential on matters of public safety and its decisions can spur action from like-minded legislators and transportation agencies nationwide . States set their own BAC standards . The board also recommended on Tuesday that states vastly expand laws allowing police to swiftly confiscate licenses from drivers who exceed the blood alcohol limits . And it is pushing for laws requiring all first-time offenders to have ignition locking devices that prevent cars from starting until breath samples are analyzed . In the early 1980s , when grass-roots safety groups brought attention to drunk driving , many states required a 0.15 BAC rate to demonstrated intoxication . But over the next 24 years , Mothers Against Drunk Driving and other groups pushed states to adopt the 0.08 BAC standard , the last state falling in line in 2004 . The number of alcohol-related highway fatalities , meanwhile , dropped from 20,000 in 1980 to 9,878 in 2011 , the NTSB said . Drunk-drive blood tests divide Supreme Court In recent years , about 31 percent of all fatal highway accidents were attributed to alcohol impairment , the NTSB said . "  I think .05 is going to come . How long it takes to get there , we do n't know . But it will happen , " said the NTSB 's Robert Molloy , who helped guide the staff report . For some , the vote struck close to home . NTSB board member Robert Sumwalt noted that one of his relatives had been killed by a drunk driver and another is serving a 15-year sentence in a related death . Many of the recommendations "  are going to be unpopular , " Sumwalt said . "  But if we keep doing what we 're doing , we 're not going to make any difference . " The NTSB cited research that showed most drivers experience a decline in both cognitive and visual functions with a BAC of 0.05 . Currently , more than 100 countries on six continents have BAC limits set at 0.05 or lower , the safety board said . The NTSB has asked all 50 states to do the same . CDC : Teen drinking and driving rates cut in half A restaurant trade association , the American Beverage Institute , attacked the main recommendation , saying the average woman reaches 0.05 percent BAC after consuming one drink . The group said it based that conclusion on a chart it said was used by auto safety regulators at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration  NHTSA  . But NHTSA told CNN on Tuesday it no longer uses that chart "  as there are many variables " that contribute to an individual 's level of intoxication . A new NHTSA chart shows a person with a 0.05 BAC level experiences "  reduced coordination , reduced ability to track moving objects , difficulty steering ,  and  reduced response to emergency driving situations . " A beer industry trade group said it would examine NTSB 's recommendation for lowering the blood-alcohol threshold . "  However , we strongly encourage policymakers to direct their efforts where we know we can get results : by focusing on repeat offenders and increasing penalties on those with BAC of  0.15  or more , " said Joe McClain , president of the Beer Institute . The safety board also recommend that NHTSA provide financial incentives to states to carry out the changes . NHTSA , which oversees highway safety as a federal regulator and analyzes traffic crash data , said it would work with any state that wants to pursue a lower BAC standard to "  gather further information on that approach . " At Tuesday 's meeting , the safety board also championed laws allowing police to confiscate a motorist 's license at the time of arrest if the driver exceeds a BAC limit , or refuses to take the BAC test . Some 40 states already use the administrative tool , which the NTSB believes is effective because it is swift and immediate . And the board recommended more widespread use of passive alcohol sensors , which police can use to "  sniff " the air during a traffic stop to determine the presence of alcohol . The sensor is capable of detecting alcohol even in cases where the driver has attempted to disguise his breathe with gum or mints . If the sensor alerts , it is grounds for more thorough testing . The NTSB recommended last December that states require ignition interlocks for all DUI offenders and said states should improve interlock compliance . Tuesday 's recommendations were timed to coincide with the deadliest alcohol-related crash in U.S. history . On May 14 , 1988 , a drunk driver drove his pickup the wrong way on Interstate 71 near Carrollton , Kentucky . The truck hit a school bus , killing 24 children and three adults . More than 30 others were hurt . What sways teens not to drink , drive ? Stories , not stats	For a decade , 0.08 has been the blood alcohol benchmark to consider a driver intoxicated National Transportation Safety Board would like to see a nationwide 0.05 level The board would also like to see swifter action on taking away offenders ' licenses Restaurant , beer industries say focus should be on repeat offenders
President Barack Obama signed an executive order Monday banning federal contractors from discriminating against employees on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity . Despite calls from religious leaders , faith-based groups will not be exempt . "  Thanks to your passion and advocacy and the irrefutable rightness of your cause , our government -- a government of the people , by the people and for the people -- will become just a little bit fairer , " Obama said . Gay federal workers are already protected from workplace discrimination by a Clinton-era order and Obama 's action extended the protections to shield workers from gender identity-based discrimination . Americans United for Separation of Church and State , which joined a coalition of nearly 100 civil rights and LGBT groups urging Obama to reject calls for a religious exemption , thanked him for taking action . It said he made the "  right call " for not tagging any religious exemptions to the document . "  Faith-based groups that tap the public purse should play by the same rules as everyone else and not expect special treatment , " the group 's executive director , Rev. Barry Lynn , said in a statement . "  No forms of discrimination should be supported with the taxpayer dime , period . " Rea Carey , executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force , was in the room as Obama signed the order and said it was an emotional moment . "  There are now millions of LGBT people and their families who are just going to sleep a little bit easier tonight knowing that they ca n't be fired from their jobs as federal contractors , " she said . During the ceremony , which comes 50 years after President Lyndon Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , Obama also recalled the history of executive actions and legislation to ban discrimination in the workplace and "  make sure we the people applies to all the people . " Senate passes LGBT anti-discrimination bill But Obama 's signature on Monday did not touch a 2002 executive order signed by President George W. Bush that allows religious groups to weigh prospective employees ' faith in hiring decisions . This gave some opponents of the order hope that they could continue to consider sexual orientation in hiring decisions . One of those opponents , Stephen Schneck , director of the Institute for Policy Research & Catholic Studies at The Catholic University of America , said he was disappointed by Obama 's decision regarding the religious exemption . But he suggested that religious groups could still rely on the 2002 order . "  I believe the administration has left open a path that religious groups can work with , " Schneck said . Russell Moore , president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention , had stronger words for Obama and worried that the Bush-era executive order would leave out some faith-based groups . "  While we do n't know the full implications of this executive order , I am disappointed that this administration persistently violates the freedom of conscience for religious organizations that provide necessary relief for the poor and endangered , " Moore said . "  The ones hurt will be the most vulnerable in our society . " Obama 's executive action extends protections against sexual-based discrimination to employees of federal contractors operating outside of the 21 states and the District of Columbia that enacted their own non-discrimination legislation . Obama also noted that a majority of Fortune 500 companies have policies in place against discrimination based on sexual orientation . The action is not the first time Obama has used his presidential powers to benefit the LGBT community . In 2010 , he signed an order extending benefits to same-sex partners of executive branch employees already provided to opposite-sex partners . But on the federal legislative level , LGBT groups have struggled to enact similar legislation . The Senate passed a bill barring LGBT discrimination in the fall . But the measure , which exempted religious groups from the would-be-law , did not make it to the House floor where Republicans opposed it . And attendees greeted Obama 's call to continue applying pressure to "  resolve this problem once and for all " with one resounding word : "  Amen . " Supreme Court rules against Obama in contraception case	Executive order bars contractors covers LGBT employees ; Religious groups not exempt It did not touch a previous order allowing religious groups to weigh faith in hiring decisions Opponents disappointed on decision involving religious groups
CNN  -- Booed and jeered upon his entrance , cheered upon his exit -- perhaps even the most bitter of rivals are finally ready to submit to the mercurial talents of Cristiano Ronaldo . Few former Manchester United players have been given the ovation which Ronaldo received from an Anfield crowd , but then again , this is not just any player . Ronaldo had never scored at Anfield during his time with United -- it was a statistic which took just 23 minutes to become history . A 3-0 victory over Liverpool , inspired by Ronaldo , ensured Real Madrid made it nine points out of nine in Group B . A 70th Champions League strike means he is just one behind the all-time leading scorer , Raul , the man so revered by all at Real . The record will soon fall , Ronaldo and Lionel Messi , who has 69 , will set records which few would have ever imagined possible . For Real , a club record seventh consecutive European victory was assured courtesy of Ronaldo 's breathtaking strike and Karim Benzema 's double . For all the pre-match hype of another ` special European night ' at Anfield , it was all pretty routine . Liverpool , the five-time winner , was blown away by the pace and power of Real as Ronaldo took center stage . "  It was special , my first goal at Anfield and I am very happy -- amazing , " Ronaldo told Sky Sports "  We knew that Anfield is a difficult place , but we were fantastic in the first 45 minutes and we deserved to win . "  I 'm not worried about the Champions League goalscoring record . I know I will beat it . Me and Lionel Messi are very close . "  The best thing is that the team has nine points . "  Can we retain the cup ? Why not ? We are taking it step-by-step but we are going to try . "  We know it will be tough but we are positive and it is possible . " No team has ever managed to retain the Champions League title since it was revamped into its current format in 1992 , but Real will certainly go close in it attempt to record an unprecedented 11th triumph . A day after Bayern Munich had ransacked Rome by scoring seven , Real arrived at another of European football 's most famous fortresses and blew it to smithereens . This was a result that most would have anticipated given Liverpool 's stuttering start to the season but the way in which Real scythed through its opponents was nothing short of exquisite . Deprived of Gareth Bale , who remained in the Spanish capital nursing an injury , Real was able to call on its hosts of stars as it taught Liverpool a lesson in the art of attacking football . In James Rodriguez , Toni Kroos , Luka Modric and Isco , Real boasted a midfield which most teams could only dream of . While Liverpool , so inconsistent following the success of last season and the departure of Luis Suarez , has struggled in recent weeks , Real has been on cruise control . Seven consecutive victories which have yielded 32 goals meant Real arrived as favorites at a stadium where it had never managed to win before . And yet , any doubts over its ability to break its three-game losing streak against Liverpool were soon extinguished . The breakthrough came after 23 minutes -- and it was worth waiting for . Ronaldo , who appeared to induce panic each and every time he as much as breathed , laid the ball off to James Rodriguez , who in turn produced a quite sumptuous pass over the top of the Liverpool defense . With those in red caught watching the flight of the ball , Ronaldo ran in behind and produced a finish which belied belief , flicking the ball into the far corner with unerring accuracy . That strike , the forward 's 20th in 13 games this season , seemed to leave Liverpool winded -- a blow from which it never recovered . Seven minutes later , the contest was all but over as Benzema pulled away at the far post to send a looping header into the opposite corner following rather questionable Liverpool defending . In the three previous meetings between the two sides , Real had never managed a goal , let alone a victory . Defeated 4-0 on its last visit to Anfield five years ago , Real appeared determined to exorcize its demons . A third goal followed just before the interval , Benzema once again the grateful recipient of some more woeful home defending . To its credit , Liverpool refused to give up after falling three goals behind and only the post denied Philippe Coutinho from dragging his side back into the contest . The second half was a rather tame affair as Liverpool briefly attempted to launch a response , though without the disappointing Mario Balotelli , who was withdrawn at the interval . With the first Clasico of the season on Saturday , Real took its foot off the gas , though more goals should have been forthcoming . Ronaldo should have added a fourth midway through the second half after the visiting side had cut through the Liverpool defense with embarrassing ease , but for once , the Portuguese forward was unable to find a way past goalkeeper Simon Mignolet . In the end , Ronaldo had to settle for a solitary strike and an early exit as he was replaced with 15 minutes remaining as Carlo Ancelotti , the Real Madrid coach , began to look towards Saturday 's clash with Barcelona . "  It was the best we have played all season , " said Ancelotti . "  We were fantastic in the first half and then controlled the game . I had to say nothing to the players , they played really well . "  I am lucky to manage this group of players . " Liverpool will face Real once more in a fortnight 's time in the return game but it 's chances of qualification remain in the balance . "  The first 22 minutes of the game we were excellent but from the first goal to halftime , Real Madrid showed their real quality , " Brendan Rodgers , the Liverpool manager , told Sky Sports . "  They were terrific . Second half we played for pride and we were outstanding , the players kept going , they did n't stop . We defended poorly but I ca n't ask any more . "  You can see Real 's quality . Speed , technique ; you can see why they are champions . "  The second and third goals are from set-pieces again , it 's an issue for us and we have to be better than that . " The defeat leaves Liverpool on three points , level with Bulgarian side Ludogorets and Swiss club Basel . Ludogorets claimed its first ever Champions League victory with a 1-0 win over Basel . Juventus beaten Elsewhere , Juventus suffered a shock 1-0 defeat away at Olympiakos . The Italian side , top of Serie A , was beaten by a Pajtim Kasami strike as the Greeks made it two home wins out of two . Atletico Madrid , which was beaten on its visit to Greece , eased to a 5-0 victory over Swedish club Malmo . Atletico , beaten in last season 's final , scored all five goals in the second half . In Group D , Borussia Dortmund made it three wins out of three with an emphatic 4-0 thrashing of Galatasaray . Arsenal sits second after scoring twice in the final two minutes to steal a 2-1 win at Anderlecht . In Group C , Bayer Leverkusen overcame Zenit St Petersburg 2-0 , while Monaco and Benfica finished goalless .	Real Madrid thrashes Liverpool 3-0 in Champions League Cristiano Ronaldo opened scoring Karim Benzema grabbed two Juventus stunned by Olympiakos
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A series of civil lawsuits against defense contractors KBR and its former parent company Halliburton claims the companies endangered the health of U.S. troops and contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan by unsafely burning massive amounts of garbage on U.S. bases . Burn pits produced thick black smoke and toxic fumes , according to plaintiff Richard Guilmette . Six lawsuits were filed Tuesday and three more are scheduled to be filed Wednesday in state courts on behalf of current and former military personnel , private contractors and families of men who allegedly died because of exposure to the fumes from the burning garbage . Attorneys for the plaintiffs also are seeking to file a class-action suit . The lawsuits are the first coordinated effort by plaintiffs to extract damages for the claimed health effects from the burn pits . The military has acknowledged the concerns but said its own test of the most notorious case , the Balad Air Force Base burn pit , found there is no prolonged health risk for those who were exposed for a year or less to the fumes . But the military 's report on the fumes also acknowledged it can not account for all the items burned in the Balad pit . At one point the open pit burned everything from plastics and food to medical waste , with jet fuel used as an accelerant at times . The lawsuits , filed Tuesday in Alabama , Georgia , Illinois , Minnesota , New York and North Carolina , seek damages "  in an amount sufficient to strip defendants of all of the revenue and profits " earned . KBR and Halliburton were paid millions of dollars to oversee the waste management for the military . One plaintiff , Richard Guilmette of Enterprise , Alabama , said he lived in a tent close to a burn pit while deployed by the Army to Kandahar , Afghanistan . Guilmette 's suit describes winds blowing "  the thick black smoke and toxic fumes from the burn pit " into the tent where he lived from March 2004 to March 2005 . The suit claims Guilmette suffered a series of health problems , from severe chest pain and diarrhea , to asthma , sleep apnea and debilitating migraine headaches . A lawsuit filed for Michael Moore of Hinesville , Georgia , claims the plaintiff was exposed to "  toxic fumes " while deployed to the Balad Air Force Base in Iraq in 2005 and 2006 . Moore lived "  less than 50 yards " from the burn pit , according to the suit . His suit claims he developed a chronic cough while there that woke him with coughing and choking . Ultimately he was evacuated and diagnosed with severe sleep apnea and breathing problems . According to the filing , Moore previously "  was in excellent health and physical shape , running six miles every day . " In all there are 70 plaintiffs who will file suits , according to lead attorney Elizabeth Burke . The lawsuits filed Tuesday and Wednesday represent 21 plaintiffs , with an addition 50 or so suits to still be filed , according to Burke . "  They sought profit in lieu of safety , " Burke said of the KBR and Halliburton . KBR had not reviewed the complaints and would not comment to CNN on the specific allegations . "  The general assertion , however , that KBR knowingly harmed soldiers or contractors is unfounded , " KBR said in a statement given to CNN . "  The safety and security of all employees and those the company serves remains KBR 's top priority . " A Halliburton spokeswoman told CNN the company had not been served with the suits and therefore could not comment on any of the allegations directly . However , spokeswoman Cathy Mann said if the allegations are in regard to KBR activities in Iraq and Afghanistan , then Halliburton believes it has been improperly named . "  We would expect Halliburton to be dismissed from the suits as Halliburton would have no responsibility , legal or otherwise , for the actions alleged . Further , it would be inappropriate for Halliburton to comment on the merits of a matter affecting only the interest of KBR , " Mann said in an e-mail to CNN .	6 lawsuits filed Tuesday ; 3 more are scheduled to be filed Wednesday Suits filed on behalf of veterans , contractors , their families Suits blame health problems , deaths on emissions from burn pits No long-term danger from smoke from Balad Air Force Base pit , military said in 2008
CNN  -- The wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas said Tuesday that she reached out to Anita Hill , whose accusations of sexual harassment almost derailed Thomas ' high court nomination 19 years ago . In a statement to CNN , Virginia "  Ginni " Thomas said : "  I did place a call to Ms. Hill at her office extending an olive branch to her after all these years , in hopes that we could ultimately get past what happened so long ago . That offer still stands , I would be very happy to meet and talk with her if she would be willing to do the same . Certainly no offense was ever intended . " Hill , a law professor at Brandeis University , turned the message over to campus security , a university spokesman said . According to a source at Brandeis who spoke on condition of not being identified , the message left over the weekend said : "  Good morning , Anita Hill , it 's Ginni Thomas . I just wanted to reach across the airwaves and the years and ask you to consider something . I would love you to consider an apology some time and some full explanation of why you did what you did with my husband . So give it some thought and certainly pray about this and come to understand why you did what you did . OK , have a good day . " Hill , who formerly worked for Clarence Thomas , testified at his 1991 Senate confirmation hearing that he used inappropriate sexual language around her . The testimony dominated the hearing by the Senate Judiciary Committee , which deadlocked on the nomination to send it to the full Senate without a recommendation . The Senate approved Thomas ' nomination on a 52-48 vote . Charles Radin , the Brandeis director of news and communications , said Hill received the voicemail message and turned it over to the campus Department of Public Safety , which then turned it over to the FBI . "  I certainly thought the call was inappropriate , " Hill said in a statement to CNN issued by Brandeis . "  I have no intention of apologizing because I testified truthfully about my experience and I stand by that testimony . " Ginni Thomas is a conservative activist who founded the organization Liberty Central .	Hill 's testimony in 1991 almost sank Thomas ' Supreme Court nomination Ginni Thomas says she reached out to Hill to extend "  an olive branch " Hill says she wo n't apologize
CNN  -- Russian singer Evgeny Nikitin has pulled out of one of the world 's best-known opera events , the Bayreuth Festival in Germany , because he has a Nazi tattoo , organizers said Sunday . Nikitin was in a heavy metal band as a young man , and got the swastika tattoo then , said festival spokesman Gunther Philipowski . "  That is a problem in Bayreuth , " Philipowski said . "  Bayreuth has a bad history with the Nazis . It 's clear that Bayreuth has to be careful about this terrible part of history and has to take a position against it . " The festival is dedicated to the works of Richard Wagner , one of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler 's favorite composers . Hitler attended the Bayreuth Festival regularly , according to the Holocaust Encyclopedia , which describes Wagner as "  an artist long associated with anti-Semitism " and the racist-nationalist volkisch tradition "  from which the Nazis drew much of their ideology . " Nikitin , 38 , a bass-baritone , has "  painted over " his Nazi tattoo , and it would not have been visible during his performance in "  The Flying Dutchman , " Philipowski said . But there are videos of him online where the tattoo is visible , he said . "  I had the tattoos made when I was young . It was a big mistake in my life and I wish I had never done it , " Nikitin said in a statement released by the festival . Nikitin canceled his appearance after discussions with Bayreuth management , the spokesman said . He had already been in Germany rehearsing for his premiere on Wednesday , Philipowski said . Nikitin 's agent did not immediately respond to CNN questions about the cancellation . His website still lists him as appearing in "  The Flying Dutchman " at the festival this summer . The festival website does not list him in the cast .	Evgeny Nikitin was due to appear at the Bayreuth Festival this week He got a Nazi swastika tattoo as a young man in a heavy metal band , the festival says The festival performs the works of Richard Wagner , a favorite of Adolf Hitler 's
CNN  -- Wednesday night in Denver , Mitt Romney tried to imply that President Barack Obama had given $ 90 billion in tax breaks to solar and wind companies . After first noting  more accurately  that $ 90 billion went to the "  green energy world , " Romney followed up with "  do n't forget ... you put $ 90 billion -- like 50 years worth of breaks -- into solar and wind . " Personally , I wish the president had . But it just is n't true . The actual number was more like $ 21 billion . I know , because I helped oversee the administration 's efforts in this area . The larger number refers to all of the investments in the 2009 stimulus package that the administration designated "  green " in any way . The number included $ 6 billion for advanced batteries to make electric cars possible , $ 29 billion for energy efficiency and home retrofits , $ 3 billion for job training , and even $ 18 billion for transit and high speed rail . To pretend that all of that money went to solar and wind companies is ludicrous . Worse , Romney alleged that the administration picked only "  losers . " False . First of all , many of these initiatives began under President George W. Bush , including some of the loan guarantee programs Romney likes to attack . With the exception of Solyndra , the track record for renewable energy investments is strong . In fact , the failure rate is lower than Congress anticipated when they created these programs -- and , while we 're on the topic , higher than Romney 's 80 % success rate at Bain Capital . CNN Fact Check : Are half of green energy firms funded by stimulus out of business ? The Bureau of Labor Statistics says that there are 3.1 million green jobs in the United States right now . This is a big success story for Obama . Today , there are 75,000 Americans employed in the wind energy business alone , compared with 81,000 coal miners . Today , the top three clean-tech states each employ more people in green jobs than the coal industry does nationwide . Romney is willing to jeopardize those jobs by arguing for killing the wind energy tax credit -- while refusing to end subsidies and supports for the fossil fuel industry . Opinion : Millenials to candidates : Talk to us By the way : Coal employment is still high . Regulations that place more stringent public health standards on coal mining have actually created more jobs in coal mining industry , thanks to EPA . Even if the number of miners goes down at some point , I would blame dynamite , not government regulations . More and more , "  mountaintop removal " is the standard practice for coal companies , and simply blowing up a mountain to scrape the coal out requires fewer workers . Romney is right that Obama has not been willing to open up some public lands for oil drilling and coal mining . That is a good thing . If it were left up to people like Romney , there might be oil rigs in places like the Grand Canyon . That approach not only desecrates our nation 's natural beauty , it is an unnecessary and excessive risk . The United States is on its way to being a net oil exporter , without jeopardizing the beauty and integrity of our public lands . Both conservatives and liberals should be happy with Obama 's energy policies . Oil , coal and natural gas production is up , which should please the right . But energy efficiency and conservation is also up , which should please the left . Romney -- like his running mate , Paul Ryan -- sounds great when he is spinning his yarns about America under Obama . But he knows precious little about the renewable energy industry and is relying on Tea Party talking points to score cheap points , at the expense of America 's clean energy entrepreneurs . There is an upside : This fall , both Ryan and Romney have already created a full employment program -- for fact checkers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Van Jones .	Van Jones : Mitt Romney was wrong to imply adminsitration spent $ 90 billion on solar , wind He says $ 21 billion spent on solar/wind , the rest on other green energy initiatives Jones says Romney was wrong to say investments were failures ; success rate was high He says it 's a good thing Obama is against drilling on some public lands
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The death of a 14-year-old girl in England after she received a vaccination for Human Papilloma virus  HPV  has prompted a widespread freeze on the country 's national vaccination program . Millions of girls have received vaccinations for HPV since 2008 , the virus that causes 99 percent of cervical cancers . More than 1.4 million girls have received the vaccination in England since the National Health Service  NHS  started administering it in September 2008 . Natalie Morton 's sudden death Monday occurred within hours after she received a shot of the vaccine Cervarix at the NHS at her school in Coventry . Three other girls at the Blue Coat Church of England school suffered mild symptoms of dizziness and nausea after receiving the vaccine , according to media reports . It remains unclear if the vaccine caused Morton 's death . Only an autopsy will be able to determine the exactly cause of death . Glaxo Smith Kline , the manufacturer of Cervarix , issued a recall of the batch of vaccine used in Coventry as a "  precautionary measure . " Watch reaction to Natalie Morton 's death " "  At this stage the cause of this tragic death is unknown , " the company said in a statement posted on their Web site . "  Following immediate quarantine of the batch involved last night , we have taken the decision to voluntarily recall this batch as a further precautionary measure while the investigation into the circumstances surrounding Natalie 's death is conducted . " On Tuesday several NHS clinics and schools indefinitely postponed immunizations . "  As a purely precautionary measure , we have asked the NHS to quarantine all stocks of HPV vaccine from the batch related to this case , " a spokesperson for the NHS said . "  Where the local NHS has supplies of vaccine from other production batches , they should continue with the vaccination program . " Many clinics were forced to close as they checked the numbers on their batches of the vaccine . What is HPV ? HPV stands for human Papilloma virus . Although there are more than 100 types of HPV , only a few of them are known to cause cervical cancer . Most strains of HPV are harmless or cause genital warts . HPV is a common sexually-transmitted disease . Almost half of all women who have sex will be infected at one point in their life , according to the British National Health Service . HPV infects the cells of the surface of the cervix . Infections can clear up on their own or stay for many years without any symptoms and develop into cervical cancer . Ninety-nine percent of cervical cancers are caused by HPV . What is the Cervarix HPV vaccine ? The Cervarix HPV vaccine protects against the two strains of HPV  16 and 18  that cause cervical cancer in over 70 percent of women . The vaccine is typically injected in the upper arm , or thigh , in three doses within six months , and is recommended for teenage girls . How effective is the Cervarix vaccine ? According to the manufacturer , Glaxo Smith Kline , Cervarix is over 99 percent effective . Is Cervarix the most common vaccine for HPV ? No . Gardisil , manufactured by Merck is used by the majority of vaccine programs worldwide . Gardisil protects against four strains of HPV  16 , 18 , 6 and 11  . Strains 6 and 11 cause less serious conditions , such as genital warts . Gardisil proved comparatively effective in trials carried out by Merck . Of 23 million American girls who have already been vaccinated , 32 deaths were reported , though the reports do not determine if the deaths were caused by the vaccine or just a coincidence . Why was Cervarix chosen for the UK ? According to the NHS , Cervarix , "  was selected because the bid from this company scored higher than the competitor in the adjudication process against pre-agreed award criteria . The pre-agreed award criteria were shared with the manufacturers during the process so that they were fully informed of the criteria against which their bids would be evaluated . " When was the vaccine introduced ? In September 2008 , England began a national program to vaccinate girls aged 12-13 , and a three-year catch up campaign offering the vaccine to 13-18 year old girls . Do condoms protect against HPV ? Using condoms reduces the risk of HPV transmission , but infection is still possible because HPV can be spread by contact with parts of the body that the condom does not cover . What are the known dangers associated with taking the HPV vaccine ? Cervarix has undergone rigorous safety testing as part of the licensing process required in the UK and other European countries , according to the NHS . The most commonly reported side effects are mild swelling or pain at the injection site , nausea , a mild temperature , dizziness , diarrhea and muscle aches . In rare cases allergic reactions in the form of skin rashes and in very rare cases anaphylactic shock has occurred .	Teenage girl dies after receiving Cervarix vaccination for HPV England 's national vaccination program freezes as batches are recalled HPV is a sexually-transmitted virus that causes 99 percent of cervical cancers Almost 1.4 million girls in England have already received the vaccine
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- If one hardened cockpit door is good , would two barriers be even better ? Many airline pilots believe the answer is "  yes , " and are hoping to reinvigorate efforts to require so-called "  secondary barriers " on every commercial plane in the country . Pilots praise the hardened cockpit doors mandated after 9/11 , saying they have done as much as anything to protect aircraft from terrorist assaults . But planes remain vulnerable for short periods of time during some flights when pilots go to the lavatory , get meals or , on long flights , change out crews . Currently , flight attendants sometimes block the aisle with beverage carts to prevent possible terrorists from rushing the cockpit . But pilots believe the barriers -- relatively inexpensive gates that would be deployed before pilots come out of the cockpit -- would solve that vulnerability . "  This is an absolute no-brainer , " Capt. Bob Hesselbein of the Air Line Pilots Association said . "  Of all the things we could do , the most cost-effective thing we could do right now is put the device in . " ALPA this summer published a position paper calling on the U.S. and Canadian governments to require secondary flight deck barriers on all airliners by January 1 , 2010 . The barriers would be designed to delay anyone trying to attack the cockpit by at least five seconds , giving pilots time to retreat to the cockpit , ALPA said . Hijackers have attempted to gain access to flight decks on planes overseas four times in the past year , according to ALPA . The airline industry has fought efforts to require the barriers , saying airlines should be allowed to decide for themselves if the barriers would improve security . The barriers would not be useful on short hauls where pilots do n't ordinarily leave the cockpit , and the airline industry claims other layers of protection are sufficient on longer flights . Hesselbein disagrees . "  You can never guarantee that you 're going to have an armed pilot protecting that cockpit from inside that cockpit . You can never guarantee that you 're going to have a federal air marshal , or federal air marshal team , in the cabin to defend that cockpit . "  But the secondary barrier , once installed , will always be there , " Hesselbein said . The government has classified the number of federal air marshals and armed pilots , but it is widely known that they cover a small percentage of flights in the U.S. . In a June 2005 report to Congress , the Transportation Security Administration said the barrier "  appears to be a simple solution that offers greater security at a relatively low cost . " "  Valuable time is gained in deterring the movement of an unauthorized individual towards the flight deck , " the report said . But the TSA recommended against mandating secondary barriers , citing "  the costs of engineering and installation that would be incurred by the -LSB- airlines -RSB- to retrofit " aircraft . "  The economic fragility of the industry due to increasing costs , including persistently rising fuel prices , makes this a decisive recommendation . " The Air Transport Association , which represents the nation 's major airlines , said hardened cockpit doors and other measures provide effective security and that mandating other measures should not be done "  in the absence of appropriate risk analysis . " Rep. Steve Israel , D-New York , said he is again introducing a bill to require barriers on passenger planes . "  Everybody recognizes the vulnerability , " he said . "  The airline industry recognizes the vulnerability and thinks that the federal government ought to pay for the secondary barriers . The federal government recognizes the vulnerability and thinks that the airline industry should pay . "  Meanwhile , for as long as the debate continues , the flying public is less safe . " E-mail to a friend	Pilots praise the hardened cockpit doors mandated after 9/11 Many pilots support efforts to mandate secondary cockpit barriers The airline industry has fought efforts to require the barriers The TSA recommended against mandating secondary barriers
London  CNN  -- There 's a treat in store for anyone in Britain whose baby arrives on the same day that Prince William and his wife , Catherine , deliver a royal heir -- the gift of a coin from the Royal Mint to celebrate the birth . The silver penny will be dated 2013 and come in a blue pouch for a boy or a pink one for a girl . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their first child in the middle of this month . They have opted not to know the sex of the baby before it shows up . According to sources familiar with the plans , Catherine will give birth in the private Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital in Paddington , west London , where William was also born . Read more : What will royal baby 's name be ? Thanks to a change in the ancient laws of succession , their child will be next in line to the British throne after William and his father , Prince Charles , regardless of its gender . To claim the silver coin , UK parents whose baby 's birth coincides with that of the royal baby will have to register through the Royal Mint 's Facebook page and upload a scanned copy of the birth certificate within 60 days . It is making 2,013 of the coins available . The Royal Mint says the gesture reflects the tradition of marking a new birth with a gift of silver for good luck . "  The birth of the royal baby will be a joyous occasion not just for Their Royal Highnesses The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge but also for the whole nation , " said Shane Bissett , director of commemorative coin at the Royal Mint . Read more : Who will royal baby look like ? "  However , it will also be a special day for many mothers and fathers across the country as they too welcome the arrival of their new baby , hence why we wanted to extend this historical moment to them with a lucky silver penny . " The Royal Mint has been making UK coinage for more than 1,000 years . For the past six decades , all newly minted UK coins have featured the portrait of Queen Elizabeth II . On June 2 , the Royal Mint marked exactly 60 years since her 1953 formal coronation by minting 2,013 commemorative gold sovereign coins . She had ascended to the throne the previous year . The royal baby will also one day lend its face to the nation 's small change as monarch . Read more : Will royal baby be a boy or a girl ? CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	The Royal Mint will give a silver penny to infants born the same day as the royal baby Prince William and Catherine are expecting their first child this month Their baby will be monarch one day -- and have his or her portrait on the nation 's coins
CNN  -- A computer virus campaign is targeting opponents of Russian President-elect Vladimir Putin , according to anti-virus software maker Symantec . "  A wave of spam e-mails promoting a rally " against the newly elected president is delivering the spyware as an attachment that appears to be a Word document . In reality , the file is a software program known as "  Trojan.Dropper . " The spam e-mails began circulating sometime around March 5 , according to an entry Wednesday on Symantec 's official blog . The subject lines in the e-mails call demonstrators to action with phrases like : "  all to demonstration , " "  instructions what to do , " or "  meeting for the equal elections . " The body of the e-mail pushes the recipient to open an attachment , purporting that it contains need-to-know information . When the user opens the file , a document does actually open revealing an announcement for a supposed anti-Putin rally with a map indicating its apparent location . But at the same time , the file drops a Trojan horse virus onto the unwitting user 's computer . Once on the computer , the virus overwrites many of the user 's files then deletes them thoroughly . "  The Trojan also attempts to connect to IP address 193.104.153.31  down at the time of analysis  , " Symantec says . This server address is located in Switzerland , but it is associated with another "  notorious " virus that once operated off of a Web address with a Russian domain name . At the end of its virulent rampage , the malware crashes the victim 's computer , causing it to blue-screen . Symantec characterizes the spam attack as "  unusual -- mainly because of its size . " These messages average 500 KB in size -- 50 times the usual size of junk e-mails . "  Most spam messages do not exceed 10 KB , " the IT security company points out . Antivirus software has been adjusted to recognize the malware , but Symantec warns on its blog : "  As always , be aware of any unsolicited e-mails containing attachments , which might take advantage of current events like the recent election result in Russia . "	Spam e-mails promoting a rally against President-elect Putin contain spyware E-mails began circulating around March 5 , Symantec says Virus overwrites many of the user 's files then deletes them thoroughly
CNN  -- Echoes of the 2012 prostitution scandal in Cartagena , Colombia , lie at the root of the turmoil that has upended the Secret Service , prompting the ouster of its director in the wake of security lapses . One link to the White House , involving a former unpaid intern , the son of an Obama donor , who was investigated for possible involvement in the scandal , has caused internal complaints about the fairness of the 2012 probe . The scandal eventually led to the ouster of eight employees , and discipline against a handful of others at the Secret Service . However , in the years since , current and former employees , as well as congressional investigators , have complained that White House links to the episode were n't properly investigated , perhaps for political reasons , and that the punishment against Secret Service was too severe . How to make a President safe again The internal dissension over Cartagena is one reason why , according to current and former employees , a series of recent security lapses prompted whistleblowers to go to Congress to report the Secret Service 's incomplete accounting of security lapses that have further embarrassed the agency . In the wake of the Cartagena scandal , the White House counsel 's office conducted a probe , interviewing more than a dozen staffers who worked on advance preparation for the presidential trip to Colombia , according to a person close to the probe . It also reviewed a single document purporting to show that a woman had signed her name and a room number on a hotel a piece of paper that appeared to be a sign-in sheet ; the room number corresponded to the volunteer 's room . The paper did n't bear a logo , or any indication of being hotel stationery or official business record , according to the person close to the probe . Richard Sauber , an attorney for the former intern , says his client "  categorically denies having a prostitute in his room and neither he nor his father contacted anyone at DHS or the -LSB- White House -RSB- to seek special treatment - the allegations are false and everyone involved knows they are false . " The White House determined that the paper , which did n't include any official logos or stationery marks , could n't be relied on as proof of wrongdoing . The White House investigators deemed his denial credible . The Washington Post published a story Wednesday night alleging that the incident was covered up , and citing complaints from a former investigator with the Homeland Security Department 's inspector general who claimed that political interference from the White House prompted changes to be made to the DHS inspector general 's report on the Cartagena incident . The Post also cited multiple government officials who argue the White House investigation into the volunteer was nowhere near as extensive as the weeks long probe into the Secret Service agents and Pentagon personnel . Can the Secret Service actually change ? The person close to the internal probe disputed that there was a coverup , citing multiple media accounts of the possible White House link that have been published in the past two years . An administration official said the White House 's review was thorough and that purported hotel records wrongly implicated at least two people : one , the White House intern , and the other , a Secret Service employee . The White House concluded that there was no inappropriate conduct by the intern , the official said . "  We took this very seriously , " the person close to the probe said . "  The idea that this -LSB- investigation -RSB- was done flimsily is just not true . " Complaints that Secret Service employees were treated more harshly than a White House intern overlook one fact , the person close to the probe said . The Secret Service agents implicated are armed U.S. government employees charged with protecting the life of the president and should be held to a higher standard than an unpaid White House volunteer who technically was n't a government employee , the source argued . Despite the White House denials , inside the Secret Service , the handling of the Cartagena incident has led to dissension . Some of the Secret Service employees who were implicated were required to sign non-disclosure agreements as part of the disciplinary process , which has further aroused suspicion about the handling of the matter . According to current and former employees , low morale among some Secret Service employees is behind some of the recent lapses . And it has prompted employees to report their complaints to Congress , instead of using internal channels to report problems . Julia Pierson , the agency 's director appointed to help clean up the aftermath of Cartagena , was ousted last week . Her predecessor , Mark Sullivan , under whose watch Cartagena and other lapses occurred , is now a Washington consultant . Sullivan was the subject of probes by the Justice Department 's public integrity section and the Homeland Security inspector general 's special investigations unit . They investigated allegations he lied to Congress when he testified that the prostitutes involved in the scandal posed no issues for U.S. intelligence agencies . Investigators determined that U.S. intelligence community had information about at least one of the women involved because of possible links to drug cartels , according to people close to the probe . The Justice Department and DHS inspector general each separately cleared Sullivan of wrongdoing . Joshua Hochberg , Sullivan 's attorney , said "  Questions that arose concerning Mr. Sullivan were looked at and determined to be unfounded . " Sullivan recently was appointed to help the government come up with best practices in the aftermath of the Benghazi terrorist attacks . Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigns	The 2012 incident in Cartagena , Colombia , eventually led to ouster of eight Secret Service employees . An unpaid White House intern was working as advance staff during the trip . A person close to the White House investigation says the administration did not try to cover up the link .
CNN  -- In the early 1980s when I served on the staff of the Joint Economic Committee , we invited the Republican deficit scourge , Peter G. Peterson , to testify on Reaganomics , but he would n't come . Somewhat understandably , he declined to sabotage his own team . This week , when I was asked to comment on President Barack Obama 's proposed "  Buffett Rule , " I had a similar urge to duck . But it passed . The Buffett Rule would increase taxes on a handful of Mitt-Romney-like figures in today 's America , raising a few billions of dollars in new revenues each year from the very rich . It is perfectly tailored to the Obama political style , which is to nod symbolically leftward while reserving big concessions for banks , venture capitalists and insurance companies . Symbolic gestures have their place . In this case , the proposed rule states an important principle of tax fairness . It calls attention to the larger issue of income inequality . It could be the start of a larger push for tax reform . No political progressive should sneer at an idea that helps bring these issues into focus . And especially not , if the direct effect might be to cost Romney , personally , millions of dollars . The image of him writing the check will , no doubt , give universal pleasure . Another virtue of the Buffett Rule is that it exposes the craven hypocrisy of its opponents . This is , after all , a very small tax increase . It is exquisitely targeted on a few individuals with large investment incomes . As drafted by Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse , D-Rhode Island , it would provide a useful spur to their charity . There is no serious argument that the rule would make the tax code more inefficient than it already is . The grounds for opposing it can only be , well , craven and hypocritical . And yet , at the same time , by itself , the Buffett Rule solves no significant economic problem . It will not create any jobs , raise any wages , reduce the crushing debts of the middle class , slow the wave of foreclosures , conserve energy or reduce the price of gas . Nor will it restore confidence in the banks . And it is directed , at least in principle , toward a notorious nonproblem , namely the deficit and the public debt , on which we waste far too much ink as things stand . I noticed in the news that a number of states are once again taking the lead on measures to raise the minimum wage -- with Massachusetts moving toward a minimum of $ 10 per hour , and with other measures on the table in New York , Illinois , New Jersey , Connecticut and Missouri . Meanwhile Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , is pressing for the federal minimum to rise to $ 9.80 per hour by 2014 . According to the Economic Policy Institute , Harkin 's proposal would raise the incomes of 28 million American workers . It would make a big difference in the South , where wages are lower . It would especially help younger workers , minorities and women . It would not add to the deficit -- since federal workers all make more than that anyway -- and would likely spur the economy and increase tax revenues -- by a lot more than the Buffett Rule . I 've proposed pushing the minimum wage up to $ 12 an hour , and at least some conservatives -- the editors at The American Conservative -- agree with this goal .  Actually I took my cue from them .  More recently , Reihan Salam at the National Review has weighed in , calling the idea "  a tougher call than I would 've thought . " Salam suggested that Romney could transform his campaign by endorsing it . That 's still possible , I suppose . But anyway we have a discussion and maybe even a left-right coalition -- that rarest of political birds -- getting under way . And on something real . The Buffett Rule would zing a few thousand high fliers , which is not bad . But maybe Obama should go beyond symbols and grab this idea while it 's hot . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James K. Galbraith .	Democrats are making a case for the "  Buffett Rule " to raise taxes on the very rich James Galbraith : While the legislation calls for tax fairness , it is a symbolic move Galbraith says the Buffett Rule wo n't solve any significant economic problem It 's better if President Obama would focus on raising the minimum wage , he says
CNN  -- It 's the stuff of urban legend that NASA in the 1960s spent hundreds of thousands developing a ballpoint pen that could operate in zero gravity while the cash-strapped Soviet space program resorted to a cheaper and more elegant solution -- the pencil . As with most urban legends , the truth is slightly more complicated - NASA was justifiably nervous about allowing astronauts crumbly and combustible objects such as pencils after the fatal Apollo 1 fire in 1967 -- but it illustrates the important role culture plays in developing space missions . China -- the latest player on the deep space block -- is no exception . At Hong Kong 's Polytechnic University , Professor Yung Kai-leung , the associate head of the department of industrial and systems engineering , has designed high-precision space tools mimicking chopsticks and Chinese ceramic soup spoons . With space programs and technology often shrouded in secrecy , it 's not surprising that Professor Yung has had to find unique solutions to the technical problems of operating in an environment as hostile as the moon . Timeline : China 's race into space "  Our technology is different , " Professor Yung told CNN . "  There 's nothing in our engineering where we can make use of another 's design . " He said that the complexity of space missions is such that each one is like a fingerprint -- no two are the same -- and the engineering must respond to a unique set of problems . "  When you are talking about a space mission , you have to consider all the eventual possibilities , so all our designs have a number of alternatives -- if one part does n't work then another part can replace it . " For the European Space Agency 's Mars Express Mission he designed the Mars Rock Corer which drills the sample and then , by simply reversing the mechanism , picks up the core like a pair of chopsticks . His digger based on a Chinese soup spoon has the heat-resistant qualities of ceramics and the ability to operate in a deep hole in much the same way that a Chinese soup spoon operates better in a rice bowl than a flat metal Western spoon . He 's currently working on a camera pointing system that will track the descent and operation of the working robot on the Chinese moon mission aboard Chang ' e 3 . As with all equipment on moon missions , it must meet a stringent series of tests . Not only must it be able to operate in extreme temperatures and in a vacuum , it must offer the greatest strength and versatility for the least payload and have the ability to fix problems if something goes wrong . With the moon 380,000 kilometers away , Yung says there 's little margin for error . "  It 's such a long way away , " says Yung , laughing . "  If you look at the NASA missions they often put down two landers at the same time , just to minimize the risk . "  Quality control is very stringent in the Chinese missions -- I think that this has been the problem that has plagued the Russian missions recently . "  Millions of things can go wrong and one small thing can affect the whole mission . On the Russian missions it was the integrated circuits -- there are thousands of electronic components on a space mission . You only need one of them to go wrong to go off course . " Super secret base fuels China 's space ambitions In the 1960s , more than one-third of the missions failed , he said . While the odds have improved since then -- and the Chinese have the luxury of learning from the mistakes of the space pioneers at NASA and the Russian programs -- he said launch time is always especially tense for the designers and engineers in Hong Kong . "  Say with communications , for instance , it 's very simple -- if the antenna is not pointing towards earth you wo n't get a signal , " he said . "  You have to take into consideration factors you could n't possibly imagine . " Yung 's team even have to gauge the minute amount of vapor released by the metals used in the instruments to make sure that , not only do the gases not contaminate the moon samples , they do n't mask the work of other delicate instruments on the mission . Essential to this work is what he calls "  space qualifications " ; the experience that allows you to anticipate various problems and overcome them . His space qualifications have led him to develop unique precision instruments such as a grinder that not only pulverizes samples of space rock , but sieves them too -- all in zero gravity and all in a vacuum . "  This was a difficult problem to resolve -- normally you need gravity to sieve anything , " he said , explaining that the machine packed the sample into a puck before forcing it through the sieve . While luck sometimes plays a role amid the nail-biting uncertainties involved in a space mission , Yung admits that money often maximizes the luck needed for a lunar landing . China 's estimated space budget is around US$ 2bn a year -- not even a tenth of the budget that NASA receives . Given these restraints , he says the Chinese program has a very exacting space culture but is in no hurry , preferring to chase quality rather than simply notch up runs on the board . "  The Chinese want to see very clear results , " he said , adding that , having worked with the Russian and European space programs , China 's space program offered an interesting point of comparison . "  I 've collaborated with the Europeans , with the Russians and with the Chinese and all of them have different cultures , " Yung said . "  The Europeans discuss things for a long time and there are a lot of changes because there are different nations involved and they have different ideas and it slows things down even to the point of not taking off at all . "  The Russians think they have a lot of experience but a lot of this experience is now dated . I think they have to realize that , " he said . "  The Americans have too many vested interests with commerce in space exploration . " As for the moon , he said there was still much work to be done in examining samples , in particular the remote possibility that deposits of helium-3 -- believed to be in greater concentration on the moon -- could one day power nuclear fusion power plants on earth . Chinese scientists are also anxiously awaiting their very own fresh samples of moon rock . "  I think from all the NASA missions to the moon , China has just one gram of moon dust to study , " he told CNN .	Hong Kong 's Professor Yung Kai-leung designs high-precision space tools One instrument uses a machine with chopstick-like pincers to extract samples Another instrument uses the heat-resistant qualities of a Chinese soup spoon to take samples A camera pointing system will work alongside robots on China 's lunar mission
Mental Floss  -- They say a lot of artistic expression is motivated by self-loathing . But not for these folks ! Long before the Material Girl ordered papa to stop preaching , these six puffed-up virtuosos knew darn well how to strike a pose . Alfred Hitchcock did n't leave people in suspense about how he felt about actors . Here 's to the creative types who managed to raise egotism to an art form . Alfred Hitchcock Hitchcock was , without question , one of the towering geniuses of cinema . And , like many greats , he was n't exactly the best collaborator . Hitchcock was particularly trying for screenwriters , who felt he never properly credited them for their work . But he was notoriously hard on actors . He was once quoted as saying , "  Actors are cattle " -- a quip that stirred up a huge outcry  actors can be so touchy  . In response , he issued this correction : "  I have been misquoted . What I really said is , ` Actors should be treated as cattle . ' " Although it began accidentally  when he was short an actor for the film "  The Lodger "  , Hitchcock soon made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films , amassing a total of 37 cameos throughout his career . Ayn Rand The egotist 's egotist , author Ayn Rand  born Alissa Zinovievna Rosenbaum  is the patron saint of Thinking You 're Better Than Everybody Else . Her most famous novels , The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged , are massive dramatizations of Objectivism , her self-spun Oscar-the-Grouch philosophy for success . Objectivism champions ego and accomplishment , shuns all religion as folly , and condemns any form of charity or altruism as counterproductive to society . Rand 's novels often focus on protagonists  invariably men  who are shunned by others because of their genius , but then persevere over the foolishness of morons to prove said genius and emerge triumphant . Not surprisingly , she saw humility as a weakness and regarded laughing at yourself as "  spitting in your own face . " So , just how much did Rand believe in her own philosophy ? Let 's just say a lot . With signature modesty , she ranked herself as the philosophical equal of Aristotle and Thomas Aquinas . Orson Welles When you create a cinematic masterpiece such as "  Citizen Kane " at the ripe old age of 25 , you 're bound to get a big head . But Welles was convinced of his own importance much earlier than that . In fact , "  Citizen Kane " might have been sparked by nothing more than a bruised ego . After all , it 's said he devised the film as a withering exposé of newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst because Hearst slighted Welles at a dinner party . Of course , after the unparalleled success of "  Citizen Kane , " Welles 's arrogant side did n't get any less subtle . Do yourself a favor : Track down a recording of Welles ' outtakes for a TV commercial for frozen peas . You 'll hear everything you need to know about the filmmaker 's oversized ego . A classic quote goes : "  In the depths of your ignorance , what is it you want ? " Frank Lloyd Wright As the brains behind the Robie House , Fallingwater , Taliesin West , the Guggenheim , and countless other design benchmarks , Frank Lloyd Wright is arguably the genius of 20th-century architecture . And , boy , did he know it ! Wright was notorious for believing he was superior to mere mortals . In fact , the architectural egomaniac frequently acted as though the rules -- even those of geography and climate -- did not apply to him . But when you 're Wright , you 're right . In 1935 , department store magnate Stanley Marcus  of Neiman-Marcus fame  commissioned the architect to design his Dallas home , but the project quickly went sour . Wright 's avant-garde floor plan included "  sleeping porches " that required his client to sleep outdoors year-round . In addition , Marcus ' small bedroom "  cubicles " came equipped with almost no closet space . When Stanley respectfully explained that  a  temperatures during summer nights in Dallas often exceed 80 degrees and  b  a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets , Wright threw a series of tantrums . Fortunately for the voyeur in us all , said tantrums usually took place in letter form . Preserved and occasionally displayed at the Dallas Museum of Art , they make for delicious reading . Salvador Dalí "  Every morning when I awake , the greatest of joys is mine : that of being Salvador Dalí . " Yup , he actually said that . Everything about the legendary Surrealist painter  he of the melting clocks  -- from his whacked-out paintings to his curled-up mustache -- was designed to shock , destroy convention , cause scandal , and stir controversy . Criticized for choosing to live under General Franco 's fascist government in Spain , Dalí defended his position by stating that he did n't care about others so long as he could be king . Not exactly a man of the people . If he was n't getting enough attention , he was known to walk the streets of New York City clanging a hand bell . Of course , this is also the guy who once said , "  The thought of not being recognized -LSB- is -RSB- unbearable . " Need another telling quote ? "  At the age of 6 years , I wanted to be a chef . At the age of 7 , I wanted to be Napoleon . My ambitions have continued to grow at the same rate ever since . " Apparently , so did his ego . Al Jolson Plenty of performers this side of Gallagher have been labeled "  the world 's greatest entertainer . " But Al Jolson really , really believed it . The vaudeville singer , actor , dancer , and comedian was born Asa Yoelson in Seredzius , Lithuania , in what was then part of Imperial Russia . As a performer , he was known for hijacking the action in the middle of shows , ad-libbing , or just stopping to talk to the audience . During a 1911 performance of the critically hated "  Paris is a Paradise for Coons "  title not edited for political correctness  , Jolson stopped and asked the audience if they 'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play . The crowd roared with applause , and Jolson ditched the whole program and took over . From that moment on , no one else could share the stage with him . Unlike some of the egomaniacs on this list , however , Jolson can be forgiven somewhat for his arrogance . According to most contemporary accounts , he actually was the greatest in the world . But , despite the enormity of his contributions to stage and screen , Jolson 's legacy has become a political hot potato because of his use of stage blackface  considered highly offensive now , but pretty common at the time  . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Frank Lloyd Wright wanted store magnate to sleep on porch Salvador Dalí 's stated ambitions were bigger than Napoleon 's Ayn Rand : Laughing at yourself same as "  spitting in your own face "
CNN  -- It does n't sound like it should be that hard . The challenge : Design an aircraft that , powered only by a human , can reach 3 meters  9.84 feet  in altitude and hover for at least 60 seconds . And yet that dare , first issued in 1980 , stymied the world 's best flight engineers . Dozens of teams tried . Only a handful managed to get their "  human helicopter " off the ground . None won the elusive $ 250,000 Sikorsky Prize , established by the American Helicopter Society for the first team to accomplish the feat . Until this year . Thirty-three years after the Sikorsky Prize was established , a Canadian team led by Todd Reichert and Cameron Robertson claimed it in June with a 64-second flight in an indoor athletic arena outside Toronto . While Robertson tracked their progress from the field below , Reichert powered their delicate aircraft by pedaling a bicycle-like apparatus that twirled four enormous rotors . 11 Kickstarter projects that raised $ 1M or more Their achievement was the second flight milestone for Reichert and Robertson , who are becoming pioneers in the small but emerging field of human-powered aviation . Three years ago the pair built perhaps the first flapping-wing aircraft , powered by a human , to sustain flight . All of which raises a logical question : Why do these things ? What 's the point of designing aircraft that hardly anybody will ever fly ? "  There 's not ... practicality to a lot of what we do , " admitted Robertson . "  You wo n't be flying your human-powered flapping-wing airplane or your human-powered helicopter to work . "  But all of our projects challenge people 's conventional way of thinking , " he told CNN at the recent PopTech conference in Camden , Maine , where he and Reichert were cheered for their innovative approach to problem-solving . "  We really want people to understand that impossible is nothing , " he added . "  And just because someone says you ca n't do something , does n't mean you  ca n't  . With the application of passion and persistence and innovative , creative thinking , you can really take on any challenge . " Photos : The Wright brothers take flight Modern-day da Vincis Leonardo da Vinci sketched plans for the first human-powered , flapping-wing aircraft , known as an ornithopter , more than 500 years ago . Since then , of course , a fixed-wing design has become the standard for airplanes . But that has n't stopped aerospace engineers from trying make a variety of ornithopters fly . Reichert and Robertson , graduates of the University of Toronto , launched their ornithopter project in 2006 and began flight testing their aircraft , the Snowbird , three years later . The plane had a wingspan of 105 feet -- comparable to that of a Boeing 737 -- but weighed only 94 pounds . A car towed the plane into the air to get it started , while Reichert sat in a small cockpit and pumped a bar with his feet to operate a system that flapped the wings up and down . With every failed test flight -- which broke more than a few planes -- the two engineers learned a little more . "  Basically , with these aircraft , the mantra is , ` You do n't fly any higher than you 're willing to fall . ' And that tends to keep you fairly safe , " Reichert said . "  We 've had some crashes , but no real injuries . " Unusual energy sources of the future Finally , in August 2010 , in a suburban Toronto field , Snowbird was able to sustain altitude and airspeed for 19.3 seconds while covering a distance of about 475 feet . Reichert , Robertson and their team believe the brief flight set a world record for an aircraft of its kind . Then came the human-powered helicopter . The team built the aircraft , dubbed Atlas , in three months , but it took another nine months of crash-filled flight testing before they hit their target . "  Whenever we had a big crash , it was devastating . It took so much of our time to piece Humpty Dumpty back together again . The whole helicopter is built sort of like a house of cards -- if one thing goes , the entire thing falls apart , " Robertson said . "  But every time we picked ourselves back up  after a crash  , we would know a little bit more than last time . " Innovative shelter pods help the homeless through winter A land speed record In 2012 , Reichert and Robertson established AeroVelo , a company dedicated to seeking sustainable enginering and design solutions to technological challenges by using human-powered vehicles as a teaching platform . Now the two young engineers have their sights on another big goal : Setting a land speed record for the fastest human-powered bicycle . In September , they went to Battle Mountain , Nevada , for the World Human-Powered Speed Challenge , where teams compete on flat desert roads to race aerodynamic bicycles as fast as cars . Pedaled by Reichert , their entry Bluenose -- a recumbent bike encased in a sleek carbon-fiber shell -- reached speeds of 77 mph on flat ground . "  The fact that a human engine -- about the equivalent power of an electric motor the size of your fist -- can power a bicycle at the same speed as that of a car , which has a hundred times or more the power , is really the innovative and inspiring thing that we think people should understand , " Robertson said . Malls of the future Reichert and Robertson plan to return to Battle Mountain next year with a faster bike and take aim at the world speed record of 83.8 mph , set this fall by a Dutch team . Unlike the ornithopter and the helicopter , a human-powered , high-speed bike might actually have a future as a practical mode of personal transportation . But even if it does n't , Reichert and Robertson will keep pushing against the boundaries of what humans can achieve . The two young Canadians believe their biggest contribution to flight and speed engineering may be to inspire others to tackle what seems insurmountable . "  It 's very easy to say something 's impossible , " Reichert said . "  It 's much more difficult to change your assumptions , and change your context , to make something possible . " For more on the creator community visit CNN Make Create Innovate	Two young Canadian aerospace engineers push the boundaries of what 's possible The pair built a human-powered helicopter that claimed an elusive $ 250,000 prize They also designed perhaps the first flapping-wing aircraft to sustain flight The two spoke in October at the PopTech conference in Camden , Maine
The fishing industry is the backbone of Iceland 's economy , but a row over quotas is threatening the country 's application to join the European Union . It 's a quarrel reminiscent of the Iceland Cod Wars of the 1950s and 1970s , but this time it 's over mackerel . The country is at loggerheads with Ireland , Norway and EU members over how much mackerel it should be allowed to fish . According to scientific studies , mackerel colonies are increasingly migrating to Icelandic waters , which means these white , pelagic fish are now an integral part of the economy . President 's tough decision The devaluation of the Icelandic Krona in 2008 led to a boom in the export market , of which fishing accounts for 40 % . Vilhjalmur Vilhjalmsson , CEO of HB Grandi , one of the country 's largest fisheries , said his company caught 22,000 tonnes of mackerel last year , valued at $ 25 million . "  If I am going to name one thing that has saved us , or helped us , from the crisis it is mackerel , " he told CNN . "  It is vital that we make an agreement about the stock , so we hope the nations will come to an agreement . " Read more MarketPlace Europe : Yacht sales slump The International Council for the Exploration of the Sea  ICES  , an intergovernmental advisory and research organization , recommends a total number of mackerel allowed to be caught in order for fish stocks to remain sustainable . Of this total allowable catch the EU and Norway claim 90 % , leaving Russia , Iceland and the Faroe Islands with just 10 % . Yet , Iceland continues to decide its share of the quota unilaterally at 16 % . Fridirk Arngrimsson , the general manager of the Federation of Icelandic Fishing Vessels , says the quota Iceland calculates is based on science . "  The EU has simply to recognize and test the migration pattern of the mackerel , " he said , "  there were more than 1.5 million tonnes of mackerel in the Icelandic zone this year , the task is simply to reach an agreement on fair share for everybody and that is not 10 % for Iceland , the Faroe Islands and Russia . " Read more Marketplace Europe : Hertz slashes its costs Ireland has called for the EU to impose sanctions against Iceland for over-fishing , and talks in September between Norway , Iceland , the Faroe Islands and the EU were inconclusive . The Minister of Fishing and Agriculture , Steingrimur Sigfusson , said the dispute has called into question whether Iceland wants to become an EU member . "  These negotiations have been delayed , partly because of disputes like the mackerel , " he said . "  It 's becoming increasingly difficult to continue , and needless to say , sanctions or things like that , would be very detrimental to the atmosphere . "	The fishing industry is the backbone of Iceland 's economy But the country is at loggerheads with EU members over its mackerel fishing Ireland has called for the EU to impose sanctions against Iceland for over-fishing Iceland minister : Dispute is making country question pitch for EU membership
CNN  -- Syria 's leading opposition movement warned Friday of an impending government "  massacre " designed to crush activists in the city of Homs , which has emerged as a center of anti-regime unrest . The Syrian National Council said military troops and vehicles had surrounded the western city and thousands of troops were manning more than 60 checkpoints just inside the city . "  These are all signs of a security crackdown operation that may reach the level of a total invasion of the city , " the council said in a news release . It said that a "  massive number of casualties " could occur . "  Evidence received from reports , videos and information obtained by activists on the ground in Homs indicate that the regime is paving the way to commit a massacre in order to extinguish the revolution in Homs and to discipline , by example , other Syrian cities that have joined the revolution , " the council said . At least 17 people were killed Friday in Homs and at least 29 were killed elsewhere across Syria , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group . It said women , children and dissident soldiers were among the dead . The United Nations said last week that more than 4,000 people have died in Syria since a government crackdown against protesters erupted in mid-March . The regime 's actions have outraged world powers and sparked sanctions by the Arab League , Turkey , the United States and the European Union . The council said the Bashar al-Assad regime is "  driving violent sectarian incidents to justify this potential murder . " More than 30 corpses -- all thought to be victims of sectarian violence -- were found Monday in Homs . The city of Homs is in a province of the same name . The Local Coordination Committees of Syria says it is the "  amalgamation of the national Syria identity combined : urban , country , and Bedouin . " It says "  Muslims in Homs are Sunni , Alawite , Ismaelis and Druze . Christian in Homs are Orthodox and Catholic . " The city also includes Kurds , Armenians and Turkmens , the LCC says . Sunnis make up the majority of the country and Alawites hold sway in the military and government . "  The regime has tried hard to ignite the sectarian conflict using many dirty methods , which have included bombing and burning mosques , torturing and killing young men , and kidnapping women and children , " the Syrian National Council said in its news release . "  The regime also took a significant step today ... in burning oil pipelines in the neighborhood of Baba Amr to blame what the regime calls ` armed gangs ' in an attempt to crush the peaceful uprising on the pretext of a war on terrorism . " A strike on a pipeline was reported on Thursday . The council likens what the regime may be planning to the 1982 government assault on the city of Hama , an operation that left thousands dead . Syria was led at the time by then-president Hafez al-Assad , Bashar 's father . "  We hold accountable the regime , and behind it the Arab League and the international community ,  for  what could happen to innocent civilians in the next few hours or days , and the implications for the region as a whole in the near future , " the council said . The LCC says Homs has been suffering "  from a suffocating siege and heavy , continuous security campaigns that are resulting with tens of casualties and wounded every day . This is why it deserves to be declared as a crisis zone . " The LCC said the regime is trying to foment sectarian feuds . It said the anti-government Free Syrian Army , made up of army defectors , has been standing up to the regime 's army and pro-regime shabiha , whom they call "  thugs . " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland expressed concern about developments Friday . "  It is extremely concerning that in places like Homs we have a huge number of reports that they are preparing something large scale , " she told reporters . "  It 's a perfect example for them to prove that they are not the propagators of this violence . And obviously they 've chosen not to do so . And they are not going to be able to hide who 's responsible if there is a major assault on the weekend . " She added that U.S. officials hold al-Assad responsible for the violence . "  We think he needs to go ; that that is how peace is going to come to Syria . " British minister for the Middle East Alistair Burt said his government "  is deeply concerned by reports of a build-up of Syrian security forces and armored vehicles in the besieged city of Homs , " also the "  scene of disturbing crackdowns in recent months . " Human Rights Watch last month issued a report detailing "  the systematic nature of abuses against civilians in Homs by Syrian government forces . " The International Crisis Group issued a report on Syria in July , saying "  Homs had become a miniature Syria , a microcosm of its numerous problems . " "  Its economic dynamism benefited only a narrow circle of people , " the report said . The swelling number of migrants who lived on the city 's outskirts suffered from declining services and living standards , it said . The security services , predominantly controlled by and staffed with Alawites , earned a particularly bad reputation . "  If the picture appeared reasonably positive to one who visited the center of the city , for most of its underprivileged residents it was appalling , " the report said .	The Syrian National Council warns a government operation appears imminent in Homs At least 46 people died in Syria on Friday , 17 of them in Homs , activists say The council says the regime is working to stoke sectarian strife The United States and Britain express concern about Homs
London  CNN  -- Keepers at London Zoo are "  distraught " after a newborn tiger cub -- the first Sumatran tiger born there for 17 years -- drowned in a pool at its enclosure . The animal was born to five-year-old first-time-mom Melati just three weeks ago , and its arrival was greeted with huge excitement and celebration at the zoo , where experts were "  over-the-moon " about the birth . But on Saturday , keepers raised the alarm when they could no longer see the young tiger on cameras inside its den ; a search of the enclosure revealed the animal 's body . It is thought Melati carried the cub out into the paddock area of the zoo 's "  Tiger Territory , " where it fell into the pond and drowned . "  We 're heartbroken by what 's happened , " said London Zoo 's Malcolm Fitzpatrick . Melati is said to be a very nervous tiger who prefers routine , and experts at the zoo had opted to allow her full access to the whole enclosure fearing that any changes to her environment might cause her to injure or abandon her cub . "  At the time we thought it was in the best interests of Melati and her cub to allow her continued access to the full enclosure as normal , " Fitzpatrick said . "  We did n't want to put her on edge by changing her surroundings or routines , in case she abandoned or attacked the cub . " London Zoo is to carry out a full review of the circumstances which led to the cub 's death . "  We would do anything to turn back the clock , and nobody could be more upset about what 's happened than the keepers who work with the tigers every day , " said Fitzpatrick . They are devoted to those tigers and are distraught . " The zoo had kept Melati 's pregnancy a secret for about 105 days before her cub was born on September 22 . Hidden cameras were installed in her enclosure to keep watch over her throughout , and the speedy birth , which lasted just six minutes , was also caught on video .	Keepers "  heartbroken " as tiger cub found dead in enclosure at London Zoo Newborn animal believed to have drowned in pond after mother carried it outside Three-week-old cub was first Sumatran tiger to be born at zoo in 17 years
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani authorities have arrested four men in connection with the suicide truck bombing of a Marriott Hotel last month in Islamabad that killed more than 50 people , officials said Friday . More than 50 people died in last month 's attack on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad . The men appeared Friday before a magistrate in an anti-terrorism court in Rawalpindi , police and Pakistan Federal Investigation Agency investigators said . Although they have not been charged , the magistrate is allowing police to hold them for a week while the investigation continues . The magistrate ordered them back to court on October 31 . Authorities have not said how they believe these men are connected to the September 20 bombing . The men -- one of whom is a doctor -- were arrested at different times in different places , authorities said , but gave no additional details . They identified them as : Dr. Muhammad Usman and Tehseen Ulla Jaan , both from Peshawar ; Ilyas Rana Muhammad , from a village near Faiselabad in Pakistan 's Punjab province ; and Hameed Afzal Muhammad , from Toba Taik Singh district , also in Punjab province . In addition to the dozens killed , some 250 people were wounded in the suicide truck attack , which sparked a fire that left the hotel in ruins . The hotel , located near the diplomatic section of Islamabad , had been popular among tourists visiting Pakistan . It was crowded the night of the bombing .	Four arrested on suspicion of involvement " in hotel blast in Pakistani capital More than people died in September 20 attack on Marriott hotel , 250-plus injured Authorities have not said how they believe the men are related to the blast
New York  CNN  -- The head of a group that promotes Times Square said Friday that he will lobby the new mayor to regulate dozens of costumed characters who inhabit the popular tourist destination after the arrest on sex abuse charges of a man dressed as Woody from "  Toy Story . " A 44-year-old man was charged Thursday with three counts of forcible touching and three counts of third-degree sex abuse , said Detective Annette Markowski , a police spokeswoman . The victims were two females , ages 21 and 22 . The alleged abuse occurred around 8 p.m. Thursday at Broadway and West 46th Street in the glowing Times Square district popularly known as the crossroads of the world . "  This is the latest in a long series of disturbing incidents that reinforce our belief that these costume characters must be licensed and regulated , " said Tim Tompkins , president of the Times Square Alliance , a nonprofit that promotes business development in the area . "  We are looking forward to working with the new administration and City Council to come up with an equitable and effective regulatory solution . " Dozens of costumed cartoon characters and performers in Times Square have long solicited tips from tourists who have their pictures taken with them . City officials have struggled to regulate the characters without treading on their First Amendment rights . The characters and performers range from the Muppets to the scantily-clad , guitar-playing Naked Cowboy . "  Quirky is fine , " Tompkins said . "  Creepy is not . " Tompkins told CNN that his organization had recently been in touch with the administration of former Mayor Michael Bloomberg about taking steps to reign in the costumed characters but the ex-mayor 's term ended before any action could be taken . He said he has made preliminary contact with office of Mayor Bill de Blasio about the issue . De Blasio 's office did not return calls seeking comment . "  The solution is to regulate and license these guys like any other business and then there 's no first amendment issue , " said Tompkins , referring to complaints that an all-out ban would violate freedom of expression . A spokeswoman for Tompkins ' organization said the characters and performers are "  not officially endorsed by the intellectual property holders nor the Times Square Alliance . " Times Square , once a seedy neighborhood overrun with crime and porn theaters , has undergone a major facelift in recent decade , profiting from the draw of Broadway shows and its bright lights . A Times Square Alliance survey estimates that during high tourist summer months between 60 and 70 people gather around Times Square dressed in costumes or performing . Thursday night 's sex abuse arrest was the latest bad news involving the popular Times Square characters . In April , a man dressed as the TV character Cookie Monster allegedly shoved a 2-year-old in Times Square after the child 's parents refused the man 's demand for $ 2 for posing for a photo , police said . The child was not physically injured . A 33-year-old man was arrested and charged with reckless endangerment and acting in a manner injurious to a minor . In addition , the alliance said , a Spider Man character was arrested for punching a woman in February 2013 , and a man dressed as Super Mario groped a woman in 2012 . Both incidents occurred in Times Square .	Times Square group seeks to regulate costumed characters Move follows arrest of "  Toy Story " character on sex abuse charges Times Square official : "  Quirky is fine . Creepy is not . "
Washington  CNN  -- Three U.S. senators introduced legislation Monday to specifically ban so-called "  crush videos " -- depictions of small animals being tortured to death by humans . The legislation came in response to a Supreme Court ruling this year striking down a broader congressional law dealing with animal cruelty . The bi-partisan Animal Crush Video Prohibition Act would criminalize the creation , sale and marketing of these specific kinds of videos . Penalties of up to seven years in prison would be possible . The videos mostly depict women -- with their faces unseen -- stomping helpless animals such as rabbits to death with spiked-heel shoes or with their bare feet . The videos apparently satisfy a sexual fetish for those who produce and watch them , said animal rights activists who supported the new bill . "  Our legislation would ban animal crush videos that fit squarely within the obscenity doctrine -- a well-established exception to the First Amendment , " said Sen. Jon Kyl , R-Arizona , a co-sponsor . "  It also takes the important step of banning non-commercial distribution of animal crush videos , which is necessary given the nature of the Internet and the propagation of file-sharing and peer-to-peer networks that exist today . " Sens. Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon , and Richard Burr , R-North Carolina , also helped draft the legislation . The lawmakers said the high court ruling opened the door for Congress to craft a "  narrowly tailored " bill aimed at banning this specific type of commercial activity . The justices by an 8-1 margin struck down a broader 1999 federal law designed to stop the sale and marketing of videos showing dogfights and other acts of animal cruelty , saying it was an unconstitutional violation of free speech . That specific case dealt with a Virginia man who sold videos of dogs fighting each other at an overseas location . But in dissent , Justice Samuel Alito focused his attention on crush videos . "  The animals used in crush videos are living creatures that experience excruciating pain . Our society has long banned such cruelty , " he said . The courts , he said , have "  erred in second-guessing the legislative judgment about the importance of preventing cruelty to animals . " Alito at the time predicted more crush videos would soon flood the underground market , because the ruling has "  the practical effect of legalizing the sale of such videos . " Lawmakers had promised to craft bills banning those types of videos . It was unclear if further legal challenges would result if the legislation passes with the president 's signature . When it came to dog-fighting videos , "  The First Amendment itself reflects a judgment by the American people that the benefits of its restrictions on the government outweigh its costs , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . He concluded Congress had not sufficiently shown "  depictions " of dogfighting were enough to justify a special category of exclusion from free speech protection . Nearly every state and local jurisdiction have their own laws banning mistreatment of wild and domesticated animals , and usually handle prosecutions of animal cruelty . Several media organizations had supported Robert Stevens -- the man behind the dogfighting videos -- worrying the federal law could implicate reports about deer hunting , and depictions of bullfighting in Ernest Hemingway novels . Roberts suggested last April a law specifically banning crush videos might be valid , since it would be narrowly tailored to a specific type of commercial enterprise . Alito noted that would not help dogs forced to fight each other , where , he said , "  the suffering lasts for years rather than minutes . " The government had argued a "  compelling interest " in stopping people who would profit from dog-attack tapes and similar depictions . Roberts dismissed suggestions by the Justice Department that only the most extreme acts of cruelty would be targeted . "  The First Amendment protects against the government , " Roberts said . "  We would not uphold an unconstitutional statute merely because the government promised to use it responsibly . " The Humane Society , other animal rights groups and 26 states backed the government . If that 1999 law had been upheld , it would have been only the second time the Supreme Court had identified a form of speech undeserving of protection by the First Amendment . The justices in 1982 banned the distribution of child pornography .	The legislation is aimed at "  crush videos , " showing the deaths of small animals The legislation follows a Supreme Court ruling earlier this year That ruling overturned a broader congressional law on animal cruelty
LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Joan Shim is a freelance writer and former editor at Pet Product News . LifeWire  -- If you take a multivitamin every morning and perhaps a supplement or two because you care about your health , does it make sense to do the same with your dog or cat ? Stephanie Pendleton of Emerald Isle , North Carolina , would say yes . The pet supplement market has grown into a $ 1.3 billion business . Pendleton caught on to pet supplements a few years ago when she noticed that her 13-year-old cat , Sierra , was n't up to her usual antics . "  She was having a hard time jumping up on the counter , and she was n't playing as much as she used to , " Pendleton says . "  Finally , she just spent less time up there , I think , because it was painful for her . " Pendleton researched Sierra 's problem online , and learned about the joint supplements glucosamine and chondroitin . She asked her veterinarian , and they agreed to give the cat a product that combines both joint supplements . "  Sierra is jumping all over the place again , " Pendleton says . Now , Pendleton is a believer in pet supplements . She gives Sierra and her other cat , 2-year-old Serenity , a multivitamin , probiotics to help their immune systems and essential fatty acids for skin and coat health . Sierra gets seven pills , Serenity four . Demand for supplements is on the rise . The pet supplement market has grown about 15 percent annually since 2000 and is now a $ 1.3 billion business , according to the National Animal Supplement Council . Simmons Market Research Bureau says approximately 17 percent of pet owners give their cats and dogs some type of supplement . A pet supplement is a product that is intended to complement the diet and help support and maintain a normal biological function . Products range from multivitamins for overall health to targeted formulas that claim to alleviate joint problems or canine cognitive dysfunction . Dr. Tim Montague , a veterinarian at Eads Animal Hospital in Eads , Tennessee , started using supplements in 1992 . He was wary at first because he did n't learn about them in veterinary school , and there were n't many on the market . But when an old professor of his recommended a joint supplement for one of Montague 's patients , he took notice . Montague 's golden retriever Ayla had an arthritic shoulder , so he also tried a joint supplement on her . "  She could barely make it up and down the stairs , but within a week after the supplement she was running and catching Frisbees in the yard , " Montague says . "  That sold me on that product . " He said his patients have had good success with joint supplements and he prescribes them all the time . But some substances , such as St. John 's wort , may not be suitable for pets , according to the Food and Drug Administration , and their safety and effectiveness is untested in animals . What 's more , some supplements have been found to contain lesser amounts of an active ingredient than the manufacturer claims , or substances like lead have been detected . Dr. Tod Cooperman is president of ConsumerLab.com , which independently tests supplements for humans and animals . In the past few years , his company has reviewed roughly a dozen multivitamins , joint supplements and fish oils for pets and found that about half of the products tested do n't pass . "  We have repeatedly found the quality of supplements for pets to be worse overall than for supplements for people , " Cooperman says . With the pet supplement market burgeoning , especially online , the FDA urges pet owners to talk to their veterinarians before giving supplements to their animals , something Montague agrees with . "  People need to be careful about self-medicating , " he says . "  I 've seen many animals harmed by people getting the wrong information over the Internet . " Dr. John Bauer , professor of clinical nutrition at Texas A&M University 's College of Veterinary Medicine , offers four factors to consider when evaluating supplements : 1 . Product quality How much of the functional , active ingredient is in the product ? Responsible manufacturers will have 800 numbers on the package to call with technical questions about the ingredients , and your veterinarian should know what specific questions to ask . 2 . Efficacy Is there any scientific basis to support the use of this supplement ? If information about product testing is n't available on the company 's Web site or elsewhere , call the company for details about the studies that have been performed . 3 . Tolerance . Check the list of ingredients carefully before giving a supplement to your pet . For example , a supplement might include lactose , which some cats and dogs ca n't tolerate . It 's a good idea to consult your veterinarian first to discuss how the supplements may react with any medications the pet is taking . 4 . Safety . A product 's safety should be proven . For example , the company might state in its literature that it was tested in high doses on mice and found to be safe , or the number of adverse events reported might be few to none . E-mail to a friend	Pet supplement market has grown 15 percent per year since 2000 FDA does not test supplements on animals Some products do n't contain advertised amount of supplement FDA urges owners to check with vet before giving pets supplements
CNN  -- Sailor Paul Larsen hopes that 2012 will be the year that he and his team will break the world speed sailing record -- and he believes he has the right contraption to do it . The Vestas Sailrocket 2 is half boat , half plane , and hopefully it will soon to be the fastest sailing vessel on water too . "  Everything above the water is an aeroplane and everything below the water behaves just like a boat , " says Larsen , a professional sailor who 's now turned his attention to breaking the speed sailing record , describing it as his lifetime mission . To attempt the feat , Larsen and his small team of naval architects , engineers and yachtsmen and women , created the sailrocket -- a hybrid boat/plane . "  A large part of this boat is flying , it 's supported by aerodynamics , " says Larsen . "  When it 's going at high speed , it 's like a well-built paper airplane . " The record is open to any craft , as long as it 's using wind and water , and there is at least one person on board . Currently it is held by American kite surfer Rob Douglas , who reached 55.65 knots  103 kilometres per hour  over the required 500 meter course in 2010 . The group held the record briefly three years ago , but they 've come across some strong competition for the title , with wind surfers proving to be the toughest opponents . Last month the team made another record attempt in southern Africa . Walvis Bay in Namibia provides the ideal wind conditions for the sailrocket . The group spent days trying to reach 60 knots -- the speed they believe will not only get them the record , but also keep it with them . "  The boat is based on this whole new idea , " explains Larsen . "  It 's got no overturning forces . " He says the wind and water forces are in alignment . "  It 's like someone trying to push you over by pushing at the soles of your feet . " The craft may be using the latest technology , but its concept is based on a craft that was written about nearly five decades ago . American rocket scientist Bernard Smith wrote about a sailboat in 1963 that he believed could reach 40 knots -- a concept that was well ahead of his time . Larsen 's team tracked down Smith in 2007 to tell the then 97-year-old that they had broken the 40 knots , using the ideas Smith came up with 44 years earlier . Building on that design , they have since been able to go 50 knots and are pushing to go even faster . In Namibia last month they were unable to go any faster than 51 knots , but Larsen is certain they 're not far off the mark . He thinks it 's a matter of redesigning the boat 's foils . "  One of these days we 'll get the foil right and I think we 'll smash the record . " The professional sailor is determined that there is no vessel like it in the world . It 's because of this Larsen is reluctant to talk openly about the specifics of the sailrocket 's design as they continue their endeavor to break the record . He 's now back in England working on new foils that will hopefully provide them with the edge they need to get the record . They aim to return to Namibia , perhaps as early as April , to try again . But the attempts are not without risks . Larsen likens the sailrocket 's 500 meter course to an aircraft going down the runway , but with too much weight in its nose so it ca n't take off . "  It is dangerous , " he concedes . "  You go out there and you do n't realize the consequences if the smallest thing goes wrong . " He says the worst crashes are the ones when the boat dives directly into the water . "  That 's a killer . At least in the air you slow down . " But despite the dangers , Larsen and his team wo n't stop until they hit the 60 knot mark and take with it the world speed sailing record .	Team behind Vestas Sailrocket 2 aims to break world speed sailing record Creators say vessel behaves like a boat below water and a plane above it Record is held by U.S. kite surfer who reached 55.65 knots over 500 meters
CNN  -- Just over 9 percent of the world 's urban population lives in a megacity today . By 2025 , the number of megacities with a population greater than 10 million will grow from 21 to 29 and account for 10.3 percent of the world 's urban population , according to the United Nations . Here we highlight some of the world 's megacities , such as the most populous : Tokyo in Japan , which , with 35.2 million inhabitants , has a larger population than Algeria , Canada or Uganda ; and the rapidly expanding Shanghai , China 's economic powerhouse , which is the world 's biggest metropolitan area , covering 2,914 square kilometers . Megacities can bring not just wealth and employment but also cultural benefits , says the United Nations . And some megacities are more efficient than their less populous counterparts . While New York houses 2.7 percent of the U.S. population , New Yorkers only account for one percent of the country 's CO2 emissions . However , the high density of people can generate problems , including health issues such as the rapid transmission of ` flu viruses and psychological problems caused by poverty and stress . But whatever we think of them , megacities are not only here to stay : They 're growing . New Delhi , for example , is projected to have 29.49 million inhabitants by 2025 , according to Demographia -- up from 20.99 million in 2010 .	By 2025 10.3 percent of the world 's urban population will live in megacities says the UN The most populous megacity is Tokyo in Japan , with 35.2 million inhabitants Megacities in countries like India and Brazil will grow fastest over the next 15 years
CNN  -- Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung urged authorities Wednesday to "  urgently implement " relief efforts after Typhoon Ketsana slammed into the country hours earlier . A man walks by a lake alongside the national north-south highway near Danang , Vietnam , on Tuesday . The prime minister said in a written statement that he sent his "  profound condolences to the families of killed and wounded , " and to those who suffered damage to their homes and property . The government did not say how many people had been killed or were reported missing . Numerous news agencies reported the deaths of more than a dozen people . CNN could not independently verify the reports . The prime minister said resources in several provinces would be focused on searching for missing people ; treating the wounded ; moving those in flooded areas ; and providing people with food and water . After it struck central Vietnam , Ketsana weakened to a tropical storm , forecasters said . "  The system is expected to completely dissipate over land within the next 12 hours as it continues to track to the west , " the Joint Typhoon Warning Center said in its final statement issued on the storm at 11 a.m. Tuesday ET . Watch a report on the storm from Vietnam " Aid agencies reported that amid flood warnings , about 200,000 people were evacuated from low-lying areas to community centers and schools on higher ground . "  Today was pretty bad , they say that this is the worst of it , " iReporter Jeff Puchalski , 43 , told CNN , speaking from Danang . "  It was very strong winds , " he said . Watch video from Puchalski " Puchalski , who lives in Ho Chi Minh City , was staying at a resort in Danang . His video from outside the resort showed tiles falling from the roof and littering the ground . Although he had intended to stay only for a weekend , he said he was stuck there until the storm passed . See iReports from Danang : Strong winds , rain | Winds lash China Beach | Tiles smashed "  We 're also getting very heavy rains , " he said . Ketsana 's maximum winds were reported at 167 km/h  104 mph  with gusts as strong as 204 km/h  127 mph  as it crossed over the South China Sea and approached land . The city of Hue , Vietnam , picked up an estimated 13 inches of rainfall in a day , according to CNN Meteorologist Jennifer Delgado . Are you there ? Share your story or pictures The global relief agency World Vision said the Vietnamese government had shut down airports , schools and power in the Danang area , three hours from Hue . Danang is predicted to be in the eye of the storm . "  It 's very windy , and trees have already blown down , " said Le Van Duong , World Vision 's emergency response coordinator in Danang . "  We have seen the evacuation of 3,000 families from our project areas to safer places , including schools , and we have already distributed noodle packs to 700 families . " Ketsana left at least 246 people dead as it passed over the Philippines . Another 38 people were missing , according to the nation 's National Disaster Coordinating Council . Nearly 2 million people were affected by the killer storm , and 567,000 people had been evacuated . The international community rallied Tuesday to help desperate Filipinos avoid a humanitarian catastrophe . See incredible images of flooding in the Philippines " Several nations , including the United States , Australia , Japan and China , have donated money for relief supplies . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said the United Nations was considering an emergency appeal for aid as several U.N. agencies pledged support . The World Food Program said it would provide rations to 180,000 people . Floodwaters were subsiding in the capital , Manila , which was hit with the heaviest rainfall in 40 years and , at one point last weekend , was 80 percent under water . Watch how people of Manila are coping " Manila , on the island of Luzon , and the nearby province of Rizal bore the brunt of the storm . People huddled on rooftops waiting on army helicopters to pluck them to safety . Others used ropes to wade through waist-deep muddy waters . Power and water supplies failed in some areas . Roads were rendered impassable , making rescue efforts challenging . Ketsana is expected to move west across Vietnam into neighboring Laos and Thailand . Journalist Asha Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : Prime minister sends "  profound condolences " to families NEW : Government has n't said how many people killed , reported missing Aid agencies say about 200,000 people evacuated from low-lying areas Ketsana left at least 246 people dead , 38 missing as it passed over Philippines
A Honduran beauty queen has disappeared days before the start of the Miss World pageant . Investigators are searching for Miss Honduras World María José Alvarado Muñoz and her sister , who went missing on Thursday , police in the Central American country said Sunday . Family members reported their disappearance on Saturday , police said . Eduardo Zablah , director of the pageant in Honduras , told CNN affiliate Televicentro that the sisters were last seen getting into a vehicle after attending a party last week . Contestants from more than 120 countries are scheduled to start arriving in London this week for early rounds of the Miss World pageant . They 'll face off in a final round on December 14 . Alvarado , a 19-year-old student from Santa Bárbara , Honduras , describes herself as an aspiring diplomat who enjoys playing volleyball and soccer in her spare time , according to a profile of her on the pageant 's website . She beat 18 contestants to win the Miss World Honduras crown in April .	Police say Miss Honduras World is missing María José Alvarado Muñoz and her sister were last seen last week Police say families reported their disappearance on Saturday Pageant events are set to start in London this week
CNN  -- When it comes to living on the edge , there are some women who have the tenacious spirit to conquer all . Whether it 's scaling the world 's highest peaks or becoming the first person to cross a dangerous ocean stretch , these extreme sportswomen have smashed records around the globe thanks to their fearless sense of determination . On the heels of Diana Nyad 's record breaking swim , CNN takes a look at five sports stars who have reached the very top of their game . Diana Nyad After 35 years and five attempts at swimming from Cuba to Florida , 64-year-old Diana Nyad has finally made her name as the first person to cross the treacherous Straits . Wearing a mask to protect her from the trip halting jellyfish bites that plagued her last effort , the endurance swimmer is the only person to complete the 177 km  100 m  journey without either a wetsuit or a shark cage . Describing her achievement as ' a lifelong dream , ' Nyad , who made her first attempt to cross the waters in 1978 , was also congratulated by President Obama via Twitter . Read more : Nyad 's next challenge will be a 48 hour swim in New York City Edurne Pasaban As a keen young mountaineer , Edurne Pasaban made her hobby into a record breaking profession by becoming the world 's first woman to climb all 14 peaks over 8,000 meters . The 44-year-old Spaniard spent nine years working her way to the top of the world 's biggest summits before completing her quest in 2010 , and was named as National Geographic 's Adventurer of the Year in 2011 . With the likes of Everest , K2 and Kangchenjunga under her belt , Pasaban has seen some of the world 's most beautiful landscapes from a viewpoint only reached by a select few . Juliana Buhring Guinness World record holder Juliana Buhring is the first and fastest woman to cycle the globe . Her epic journey took her across four continents and 19 countries in 152 days , racking up 29,065 km  18,060 miles  in the process . The intrepid cyclist was also the sole female competitor in an unsupported race from London to Istanbul in 2013 , further demonstrating her record smashing prowess . Watch : Juliana Buhring 's tough moment Felicity Aston Adventurer Felicity Aston became the first woman to ski across Antarctica in 2012 -- a feat she achieved without the use of either kites or parasails . Covering 1744 km  1083 miles  in 59 days , Aston 's solo expedition made a change from her group ventures , which have seen her lead teams across the likes of Greenland and the South Pole . Her upcoming mission will see her and two fellow explorers cross northern Europe and Siberia to reach the Pole of Cold -- a three month trip that will cover a whopping 30,000 km  18,641 miles  . Read more : Adventurers recreate Antarctic survival story Amber Bourke Australian free diving champion Amber Bourke only discovered the sport a few years ago -- and yet she has already broken the women 's world record , just two years after she began competing . Diving to victory at the championships in Belgrade , Serbia , the former synchronized swimmer set a personal best at 164 m -- although her achievement was bettered just moments later by two fellow competitors . Able to hold her breath underwater for five minutes , Bourke has also beaten several national records in her home country .	Diana Nyad completed a landmark swim from Cuba to the Florida Straits this week The 64-year-old had made five attempts to finish the trip since 1978 CNN looks at five women who have broken world records in extreme sports
CNN  -- When faced with a dare on "  The Talk " on Tuesday , co-host Sara Gilbert picked truth instead . Gilbert , 39 , announced on the CBS show that she 's expecting her first child with wife Linda Perry . The couple married in March after dating for three years . The news came out in the middle of "  The Talk 's " "  face your fears " week , which sees each co-host challenged to conquer their biggest fear . Gilbert 's fear is getting hurt or injured , and the show had challenged her to lay on top of a bed of nails and smash a cinder block across her stomach . Obviously , that was n't something Gilbert could do . "  I really do believe in facing your fears and doing things that make you uncomfortable , " she explained , "  but I actually ca n't do the dare because I 'm pregnant . " Cue the eruption of cheers from her co-hosts , who are already vying for the role of godmother . Although this will be Gilbert 's first child with musician Perry , 49 , the former "  Roseanne " star has two children from a prior relationship with TV producer Allison Adler .	Sara Gilbert is expecting her first child with wife Linda Perry "  The Talk " co-host has two children from a prior relationship Gilbert announced the news on "  The Talk " on Tuesday
United Nations  CNN  -- The security situation in war-ravaged Darfur shows no sign of improvement as fighting has intensified between rebel groups and the Sudanese government , the United Nations Security Council was told Tuesday . "  We are alarmed , " U.S. Ambassador Susan Rice said after hearing the report . "  This deteriorating security situation is unacceptable and it needs to be effectively addressed . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon pointed out in his latest report that incidents of violence over recent months have surpassed bloodshed in the same time period last year by far . "  May was in fact the deadliest month in Darfur since UNAMID -LSB- joint United Nations-African Union mission -RSB- has deployed , " Rice said . About 400 people lost their lives in May and another estimated 160 died by the government 's aerial bombardment in June , officials said . Envoy Ibrahim Gambari said U.N. staffers and aid agencies are frequently denied access by the government in Khartoum to the areas where fighting is taken place . Ban criticized the Sudanese government for failing to investigate and prosecute cases where peacekeepers are attacked . "  The Darfur process is at a critical juncture , " Gambari said . "  At precisely the same time as as the security situation has deteriorated , prospects for a negotiated settlement appear to have improved slightly . " The Liberation and Justice Movement  LJM  is currently meeting with the Sudanese government in Doha . "  This has provided an important boost to the process , " Gambari said . The rebel Justice and Equality Movement  JEM  , however , has walked out on the Doha talks and started attacking the government again , Gambari told the council . The faction of the Sudan Liberation Movement  SLM  under Abdul Wahid has tried to take advantage of this renewed fighting and attacked the Sudanese forces as well . The rebels have said the government favors Arabs over black Africans . The two big movements , JEM and SLM are not participating in the talks , sabotaging the peace process . Gambari asked the Security Council to appeal again to the movements to join the negotiations so that an arrangement can be hashed out before the end of this year . The Security Council has to decide later this week if the mandate of UNAMID will be extended for another year . Ban recommended that the mission continues to "  expand the work that it has painstakingly begun . "	Fighting is intensifying in the Darfur region of Sudan Two large rebel groups wo n't participate in talks Still , prospects for negotiations have improved
Months after a surprise ruling from a Mexican judge made him a free man , U.S. authorities have placed a new bounty for the capture of accused Mexican drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero . The U.S. State Department says it will pay up to $ 5 million for information leading to Caro Quintero 's arrest or conviction . Caro Quintero , 61 , once leader of Mexico 's now-defunct Guadalajara Cartel , is accused in the 1985 kidnapping and killing of DEA agent Enrique "  Kiki " Camarena and his pilot , Alfredo Zavala Avelar . He 'd served 28 years of a 40-year sentence for the killings when a judge in Mexico 's Jalisco state overturned his conviction in August . "  Caro Quintero was the organizer and mastermind of this atrocious act , and his unexpected release from a Mexican prison was shocking and disturbing to law enforcement professionals on both sides of the border , " DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart said in a statement Tuesday . She said the U.S. government "  will utilize every tool available , including the State Department Narcotics Rewards Program , to bring Caro Quintero to justice . " After a meeting in Washington in September , Mexican Attorney General Jesús Murillo Karam promised that authorities in his country would reapprehend Caro Quintero . But there 's been no word on the accused drug lord 's whereabouts since then . The Drug Enforcement Administration described Caro Quintero as fugitive from the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California on felony murder and kidnapping charges , in addition to other criminal charges . On August 9 , a Mexican federal court overturned Caro Quintero 's conviction , ruling that he had been incorrectly tried in the country 's federal judicial system , when he should have been tried at the state level . The slayings decades ago profoundly damaged U.S.-Mexico relations and remained a sore spot in the drug war . And the drug lord 's release in August infuriated U.S. officials once again . The U.S. Justice Department said freeing Caro Quintero was "  deeply troubling " and it would "  vigorously continue its efforts to ensure " that he faces charges for his crimes .	Rafael Caro Quintero , a former cartel leader , is accused of killing a DEA agent A Mexican judge overturned his conviction in a surprise ruling in August The U.S. State Department is offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture DEA administrator : Caro Quintero 's release "  was shocking and disturbing "
Former President Bill Clinton said that the African American man killed with a chokehold by a white police officer "  did n't deserve to die , " and that while race relations have improved , Americans have to move beyond harmful preconceptions that are "  almost wired into " their experience . In an interview with Fusion that aired Monday , a network aimed at younger Latino viewers , Clinton acknowledged that Eric Garner , the man who died by chokehold after police found him illegally selling loose cigarettes on the street , was "  obviously not well , overweight and vulnerable therefore to heart and lung problems " and that he was "  doing something that was illegal . " But he added : "  He did n't deserve to die because of that . " RELATED : Bill Clinton on protests : ` We have to make people feel that everybody matters again ' Clinton has spent much of the past week speaking on the killing of Eric Garner , telling CNN En EspaÃ ± ol last Friday that the "  The fundamental problem you have anywhere is when people think their lives and the lives of their children do n't matter , they they are somehow disposable , just like a paper napkin after a lunch at a restaurant or something . " "  If we want our freedom to be in deed as well as word in America , we have to make people feel that everybody matters again , " Clinton said last week . The police officer in the case was not indicted , sparking a new wave of protests following months of unrest surrounding a similar incident involving Michael Brown , an unarmed black teen who was shot dead by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri . That officer was also cleared by a grand jury , and the two incidents have prompted a nationwide discussion surrounding race relations and attitudes in the United States . Clinton said in Monday 's interview while Brown 's killing "  may not be a crime ... it shows you the divide that exists between the community and the police . " He did say that economic opportunities have improved for minorities , that "  there are more opportunities for people , without regard to race , to be accepted into every business profession and avenue of American life than ever before . " But Clinton also said that there remain "  preconceptions that , when people are scared , are triggered again . " "  And when people like this get killed , the people in their neighborhoods , they feel almost that they 're disposable ... like they 're not really important , they do n't really matter , " he said . Clinton added : "  Whenever there 's insecurity , these preconceptions are almost wired into us and we have got to get beyond them . " Clinton 's wife , former secretary of State Hillary Clinton , is considering a presidential bid and has been more reserved in addressing the issue of race in her recent public appearances . She recently said the nation needs to face some "  hard truths " about race .	Clinton acknowledged that Garner 's cigarette sale was illegal , but said he ` did n't deserve to die ' He said while economic opportunities have improved for minorities , issues remain Clinton urged Americans to get past their "  preconceptions " that are "  wired into " their lives
CNN  -- Sixth seed Juan Martin del Potro suffered a shock third-round defeat at the Australian Open on Saturday losing in five sets to unseeded Frenchman Jeremy Chardy . The former U.S. Open champion and quarter-finalist in Melbourne 12 months ago had dropped just 13 games in his opening two matches , but Chardy soon had the big Argentine on the back foot taking the opening two sets with ease . The third was much closer , finally going del Potro 's way in the tiebreak and when the Argentine took the fourth set , Chardy 's chances of pulling off an upset looked to have gone . But the 25-year-old Frenchman , who hit 78 winners during the match , rallied to take the fifth and close out an impressive 6-3 6-3 6-7 3-6 6-3 victory in three hours 45 minutes . "  If I wanted to win , I had to take my chances and go for it . I 'm very happy when my form is like this against a good player like Juan Martin , " Chardy , ranked 36th in the world , said . There were few alarms for the other top seeds in the men 's draw . World No. 2 Roger Federer saw off home favorite Bernard Tomic in straight sets 6-4 7-6 6-1 to set up a fourth round clash with Milos Raonic . The 13th seed from Canada also recorded a comfortable win  7-6 6-3 6-4  over 17th seed Philipp Kohlschreiber from Germany . Andy Murray is also safely through to the fourth round after beating Lithuanian qualifier Ricardas Berankis 6-3 6-4 7-5 . The Briton will play Gilles Simon for a place in the quarter finals after the Frenchman prevailed in a close-fought five setter  6-4 6-4 4-6 1-6 8-6  against compatriot Gael Monfils . The match , which took nearly four-and-three-quarter hours , included an incredible 71-shot rally in the second set which lasted two minutes and nine seconds . No. 21 seed Andreas Seppi progresses to the last 16 in Melbourne for the first time after beating Croatian 12th seed Marin Cilic in five sets 6-7 6-3 2-6 6-4 6-2 . The 2008 finalist and seventh seed , Jo-Wilfried Tsonga demolished Slovakia 's Blaz Kavcic 6-2 6-1 6-4 to set up a fourth round meeting with compatriot Richard Gasquet who also completed a straight-sets victory  6-3 7-6 6-0  over Ivan Dodig . In the women 's draw , Serena Williams remains on course for a sixth singles title in Melbourne . The third seed made light work of Japan 's Ayumi Morita 6-1 6-3 to set up a fourth round tie against 14th seed Maria Kirilenko from Russia who was also a straight sets winner  7-6 6-3  over Belgium 's Yanina Wickmayer . Defending champion and top seed Victoria Azarenka was made to work harder on Saturday . The 23-year-old prevailed in three sets 6-4 4-6 6-2 over Jamie Hampton from the U.S. and will face Russia 's Elena Vesnina in the fourth round after she beat 16th seed Roberta Vinci 4-6 7-6 6-4 . America 's Sloane Stephens is through to the fourth round for the first time after beating Britain 's Laura Robson in straight sets 7-5 6-3 . The 19-year-old from Florida will play Serbia 's Bojana Jovanovski -- a 6-2 7-6 winner over Japan 's Kimiko Date-Krumm on Saturday -- for a place in the quarter final . Denmark 's Caroline Wozniacki will face Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia in the last 16 after both women won their third round matches on Saturday . Wozniacki , seeded 10th , beat Ukraine 's Lesia Tsurenko 6-4 6-3 while Kuznetsova overcame Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro in three sets 6-2 4-6 6-3 .	Former U.S. Open champion suffers shock third-round exit from Australian Open Unseeded Jeremy Chardy from France beats sixth-seed Argentine in five sets Roger Federer , Andy Murray safely through to fourth round with straight-set wins Serena Williams and Sloane Stephens into fourth round in women 's draw
Britain joined the U.S. and its allies in the fight against ISIS -- but any mission will come with a huge price tag . The UK parliament has approved airstrikes in Iraq against the terror group which prime minister David Cameron has called one of "  staggering " brutality . Cameron had said Britain should join international allies in combating ISIS , an action that he warned would "  take not just months , but years . " While the total cost will depend on the intensity and length of operation , past experience can give some guidance , Malcolm Chalmers , research director from the Royal United Services Institute said . Chalmers pointed to the UK 's seven month involvement in Libya through 2011 , which cost around $ 390 million , including missiles and flight hours . The bill is additional to standard defense budgets , which include staffing costs and weapons spend . Last year , the UK defense budget was $ 60 billion . Chalmers said he would expect the cost of ISIS airstrikes to be in the "  ballpark , " of the Libya operation , "  assuming we only use air power and the campaign lasts for a couple of years . " Cameron has said that the mission against ISIS could last "  years . " However , it is U.S.-led rather than the operation in Libya , in which European countries took the lead . ` Unique ' missiles Cameron , in Friday 's debate aimed at convincing parliament to approve airstrikes , said Britain has "  unique assets " no other coalition ally can contribute . Cameron named the Brimstone precision missile , which he said minimized risk of civilian casualties , as one only Britain could contribute . The missiles can target convoys as well as fast moving , fleeting targets that were previously harder to strike , according to IHS Jane 's senior weapons analyst Ben Goodlad . The Brimstone , which travels at supersonic speed , is a 1.8-meter missile weighing just under 50 kg . Advanced radar equipment enables it to guides itself to the target , so pilots do n't need to maneuver to release it . IHS Jane 's estimates each missile costs around $ 240,000 . Brimstone missiles are compatible with the UK 's Tornado GR4 aircraft . The aircraft were used by British troops for relief missions in northern Iraq just over a month ago . Six of these are ready for deployment at the UK 's RAF base in Cyprus . Flying the Tornadoes costs around $ 57,000 per hour , according to information released in a parliamentary debate about Libya in 2011 . From the Cyprus base , the aircraft could reach Iraq in just over an hour . Goodlad said the RAF also has Tornado 's Storm Shadow cruise missiles , which cost $ 1.3 million each , and submarine-launched Tomahawk cruise missiles . These can be used to target areas that ca n't be accessed by planes , for example due to defenses , and cost round $ 1.5 million each . U.S. forces have been using Tomahawk missiles for airstrikes in Syria earlier this week -- dropping 47 of them on Monday evening . In total , the U.S. has conducted 20 strikes in Syria and 198 in Iraq from August 8 through September 23 . Many of those operations were n't included in the Pentagon 's daily average spending figure of $ 7.5 million at the end of last month .	UK can start bombing ISIS within hours , as it has six fighter jets on standby in Cyprus British forces have Brimstone precision missiles , high-tech weapons others do n't have The U.S. is leading the airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria
CNN  -- As scores of people head to the National Mall this week commemorating 50 years since the March on Washington , some corners of the media are still featuring passionate debate over whether African-Americans have ignored "  a culture of violence " in their midst . The finger pointing this time comes after the senseless killing of Australian baseball player and college student Christopher Lane , shot dead August 16 while jogging on a street in Duncan , Oklahoma . From the moment three teenagers were arrested in the crime -- first misidentified as three black youths , later found to be two African-Americans and one white guy -- some media outlets tried to draw comparisons to the killing last year of black teenager Trayvon Martin by neighborhood watch captain George Zimmerman . But if Lane 's death has anything in common with Martin 's -- besides the sad fact that both killings seemed avoidable and were possibly committed by people of a different race from the victim 's -- it 's the sometimes sloppy reporting used to make points about race that deserve subtler , more precise treatment . Random killings spark laments , but reality shows long slide in crime In the early days of reporting on Martin 's death , Zimmerman was identified as white because police in Sanford , Florida , listed him that way on the incident report . Those early reports about a white man killing an unarmed black teen fit an easy black-and-white narrative about racial profiling in America , while the truth was that Zimmerman identified as Hispanic , but still could have profiled Martin . Similarly , CNN aired a report suggesting that Zimmerman might have used a racial slur to describe Martin during his 911 call to police just before the shooting . But later , CNN aired another story with a different audio analyst who disputed that conclusion , and no allegations of a racial slur on the call surfaced at his trial . LZ Granderson : Negligent parents , lawbreaking kids This past week , Fox News Channel 's "  Fox and Friends " and The Daily Caller website both reported the three teens who killed Lane were black . The Daily Caller also published a photo featuring a different , dark-skinned black youth identified as Michael Jones , the white teenager police believe drove the car during the shooting . Both outlets also criticized President Obama and activists such as the Rev. Al Sharpton for not making an issue of Lane 's death in the way they spoke on Martin 's killing . The mistake with Jones ' photo recalls a similar error made as some media outlets began publishing material reportedly discovered on Trayvon Martin 's closed social media accounts , in an attempt to show he was n't the innocent teen his family and supporters described . Both Twitchy.com and Business Insider published photos of a shirtless , young black man facing the camera and providing a middle finger salute with both hands , identifying him as Trayvon . That person was not the dead teen Trayvon Martin , but a different young black man . About a year later , Zimmerman 's defense team released images taken from Martin 's cellphone which did show him shirtless , making a similar gesture to the camera , but it 's tough to know what that revealed other than a teen with a typical rebellious streak . Still , an unspoken argument seems to be wrapped up in these stories . It 's the conflict over institutional prejudice and racism . In the Trayvon Martin case , police knew who killed the teen and resisted arresting him for 44 days . That fueled concerns that laws such as Florida 's stand your ground legislation were making it easier to profile and kill African-Americans . That seems a long way from a presumed thrill killing in which suspects were arrested within days , saying they shot Lane because they were "  bored . " Teen arrested in beating death of WWII vet Even news that one of the teens involved in Lane 's murder posted anti-white statements on Twitter months ago seems a different point . But some media outlets , committed to the idea that American institutions such as the criminal justice system are mostly fair , have focused on more personal explanations for such tragedies , emphasizing the criminality of some black people in ways that evoke old stereotypes about people of color and crime . It seems obvious that real-life incidents rarely fit neat categories and the need to explain senseless deaths can lead to a lot of jumped-to conclusions . But if the Chris Lane and Trayvon Martin cases teach anything , it 's that cherry-picking facts to fit a preconceived narrative can be a road to inaccuracy and unfairness . Here 's hoping somebody is taking time to soak up the lesson . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Deggans .	Eric Deggans : Lane , Martin killings being compared to make points about race Races of some in both cases were misreported , false images posted online Deggans : The errors fit into preconceived racial notions when real story is more complex Cherry-picking facts , jumping to conclusions inflames more hatred , he writes
CNN  -- A Molotov cocktail was tossed at an Islamic center in one of three attacks in New York City , authorities said early Monday . The three attacks in Queens were at a bodega , Islamic center and a private house on Sunday night . Molotov cocktails were used in all the attacks , resulting in some damage , but no injuries , the New York Police Department said . In a fourth incident , a fire damaged part of house , but it was too early to tell whether it was a result of a Molotov cocktail or whether it 's related to the other incidents , police said . An investigation is ongoing .	It was one of three attacks Sunday night The three attacks in Queens were at a bodega , Islamic center and a private house
December 10 , 2013 The official start of winter is more than a week away , but severe winter weather is cutting a path of damage and disruption across the U.S. Get the details in Tuesday 's show . We also report on unrest in Ukraine and the Central African Republic . Plus , we examine the effects of drowsy driving , and we put a tough tongue twister to the test . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How can a video effectively communicate safe driving practices to young people ? What should this video include , and what should it leave out ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . wind chill 2 . Central African Republic 3 . tongue twister Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . When does winter officially begin ? What impact did recent winter storms have around the U.S. ? 2 . What has led to violence in the Central African Republic recently ? How is the international community getting involved in this conflict ? 3 . According to the report : What effects does being drowsy have on a driver 's body ? What impact do drowsy drivers have on America 's roads each year ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How might an early winter storm have a different impact than one that occurs later in the season ? What do you think might be the challenges of playing professional sports in inclement weather ? What are some reasons why some sports events are canceled due to weather , while others are not ? 2 . Why do you think that the toppling of a Vladimir Lenin statue in Ukraine is described as "  a symbolic act of defiance " ? What do you think that people who support the Ukrainian government might say about this act ? Do you think that the video of this toppling could have an impact on the situation in Ukraine ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 3 . Do news reports effectively raise awareness about the impact of drowsy drivers ? If so , how ? If not , do you think other actions should be taken to address this issue ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : EuropeUkraine AfricaCentral African Republic FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- What does it take to become the CEO of India 's biggest biotech company and the richest woman in India ? Mazumdar Shaw with Shah Rukh Khan . India 's richest woman is ready to answer your questions . Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw , founder of biotech pharaceutical company Biotech answers your questions , below . Yours is a very inspiring story . Could you tell us more about what challenges you had to overcome to bring Biocon to a global level ? Vishala Vasandani Mazumdar Shaw : My journey started 30 years ago at a time when I had to face credibility challenges that pertained to my gender , my inexperience as a business entrepreneur and my unfamiliar biotechnology-based business model . My business evolved in tandem with challenges . Once I overcame these credibility challenges , I faced technological challenges of trying to build a Biotech business in a country that had infrastructure that was too primitive to support a high tech industry that demanded uninterrupted power supply , high quality water , sterile labs , imported research equipment , advanced scientific skills etc. . Over the next 10 years , we systematically addressed these challenges and built a self contained enterprise that had captive power and water supply , state of the art labs and facilities and a team of highly experienced scientists and engineers capable of delivering world class research and technologies . Today , our challenges address those posed by new medical wisdom : addressing unmet medical needs , researching new drugs , new drug delivery systems and new therapies . Overcoming each of these phases has been a rich learning experience that has helped us to develop world class expertise in biotechnology . Innovation and quality have been integral to our business ethos . Can Biocon 's oral insulin IN-105 replace traditional and painful needle based insulin delivery system for type1 diabetics ? Can a diabetic who is taking insulin by needle based delivery system hope for change in near future ? Ajay Kumar Singh Mazumdar-Shaw : Oral Insulin is not just about delivering Insulin in a tablet . It is about delivering Insulin very rapidly to the liver  hepato-delivery  which is the main organ responsible for glycemic control in our body . Injectable Insulin takes approximately 30 minutes to act . Oral Insulin takes approximately 5 minutes to act which mimics how non-diabetics respond to glucose uptake when food is consumed . This will help both Type I and Type II diabetics to manage their diabetes better . We hope that early intervention with Oral Insulin will help to manage Diabetes especially in Type II diabetics much more effectively than is being done by oral diabetic agents like Metformin , Sulphonyl Ureas and Glitazones which stimulate the pancreas to produce Insulin . This is unlike oral Insulin which will allow a poorly functioning pancreas to rest and hopefully help to revive Insulin secreting beta cells . Should our Oral Insulin program succeed , this will revolutionize Diabetes therapy in the future . If you had to do the IPO again what would you do differently and when can we see Biocon listed in NASDAQ ? Harish Swaminathan Mazumdar-Shaw : I do n't believe so . I think we got the valuation we were expecting through an Indian listing . A NASDAQ listing is only something we will address when one of our branded drugs are close to commercialization in either the U.S. or European markets . Today NASDAQ is risk averse and not valuing biotech companies any better than the BSE or NSE . I am so humbled by your story . What does it take as a woman to get to where you are today ? What obstacles did you have to overcome , especially in an industry that is deemed to be a "  man 's world " ? Would women setting up business in India today find it easier than you did ? Irene Gonza , Uganda Mazumdar-Shaw : I believe that women need to believe in themselves . I set up Biocon with a spirit of challenge and a deep sense of purpose . The challenge was to break the gender bias in the business world . My sense of purpose was to create a Biotech business in a country like India which had a very poor research culture with limited opportunities for scientists and engineers to pursue a career . It was about stopping the "  brain drain " from India . It was about providing exciting career opportunities to young scientists and engineers . It was about encouraging young women to pursue careers . When one is passionate about a mission that is about change , it enables you to persevere and endure . I do believe that if I could achieve success , any woman can overcome obstacles with a sense of determination ! When you set up Biocon did you aim to make it one of the biggest and most successful in the world ? Do you need ambition like that be a success in any kind of business or does it take luck , too ? David James , London Mazumdar-Shaw : When I set up Biocon , I certainly did not have such a big ambition ! I basically wanted to run a successful and profitable business to start with . Ambition is evolutionary and one does not see the big picture until you reach a certain critical mass . It was only a few years ago that we developed a global ambition and built global scale in our operations . Whilst luck can be described as "  being at the right place at the right time " or "  being prepared to address an opportunity , " I personally believe that it is about being able to seize opportunities by leveraging existing capabilities to reach new levels . In our case , we leveraged our enzyme capabilities to pursue bio-pharmaceuticals ; it was also about picking the right products  statins & Insulin  that had large markets . We chose to partner with innovative companies and in-license innovative technologies which spearheaded our new drug development programs . We have always chosen to differentiate ourselves from the market and this has allowed us to "  think out of the box " and stand apart . How do you think the global economic downturn will affect Biocon and Indian companies in general ? Alicia van Waveren , The Hague Mazumdar-Shaw : The economic meltdown will certainly bring tremendous pricing pressure and we expect to see our margins shrink . We also expect payment terms that involve extended credits . However , we also see a silver lining amidst this gloomy scenario as R&D and manufacturing are likely to shift to countries like India in order to bring down costs . We have two subsidiaries that offer research and clinical services , Syngene and Clinigene that are likely to see their businesses increase . We also expect generic drugs to become a larger part of healthcare budgets in western economies . Finally , new drug development costs are under tremendous pressure both in terms of funding and development . India and companies like Biocon provide very effective co-development partnership opportunities to bring these costs down . The differences between wealth and poverty in India are starker than anywhere else in the world . Do you think the poverty gap will ever be closed ? Richard Ng , Hong Kong Mazumdar-Shaw : Poverty poses a huge challenge . Education and employment are the only answers . India is striving to address these two areas through various education and vocational training initiatives . What we also need is employment generation through a myriad of projects that span infrastructure development , co-operative agriculture to entrepreneurship . India needs to provide rural connectivity both in terms of roads and tale/IT connectivity . This will unleash inclusive growth in a huge way . Today we are caught between a political ethos that finds it convenient to keep its vote bank ignorant and unemployed and a civic India that wants to educate and harness the potential of its human capital . It seems that Indian biotech and pharmaceutical industry is relying more on being the outsourced resource of the U.S. and EU companies rather than creating their own intellectual property.Do you think this a culture in India to not be active in creating IP or is it related to the inadequacies in the patent law ? Dipanjan Nag Mazumdar-Shaw : A very correct observation . The risks associated with proprietary products are high and Indian businesses and more importantly Indian investors and banks are extremely risk averse . Hopefully , the rapid commoditization of generics and services will force companies to differentiate on the basis of IP . At Biocon we strongly believe that our proprietary programs will help us sustain growth in the future . It is a challenge to convince our investors of this but we think they will understand this in the near future . In hindsight , what is the one piece of advice you wish you 'd been given when you were starting out in business ? Karl Malone , Winchester Risk is not about taking but about managing . I took a huge risk when I started a Biotech company in 1978 and I soon realized that I had to manage the risk by addressing very serious challenges of a very primitive infrastructure at the time . It took me a lot longer than I thought to build the company but in hindsight it was still worth the effort ! What drives you to achieve what you have and to keep going when times are tough ? Melinda Cook , Melbourne The belief that we can deliver the world 's first Oral Insulin and other life saving drugs for cancer and auto-immune diseases . I am driven by my desire to see novel drugs being developed by Biocon for global markets with a "  Made in India " label . I am determined to see India earn a strong reputation in innovation . At a time when most Biotech companies in the western world are challenged with funding , I believe we can forge ahead and succeed . About Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw Mazumdar-Shaw is founder of Biocon , the biotech and pharmaceutical company that made her India 's richest self-made businesswoman . She was named as one of Fortune magazine 's 50 Most Powerful Women in 2007 and was instrumental in forging India 's biotechnology industry . Living and working in Bangalore , she set up Biocon in 1978 and has developed it into a global biopharmaceutical player with highly developed research and development facilities focusing on cancer and diabetes treatments . Biocon was bought first by Unilever in 1989 and then sold to ICI in 1997 , but Mazumdar-Shaw remains the company 's Chair and Managing Director and has been part of the Indian government 's Council on Trade & Industry .	India 's richest woman Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw is founder and CEO of Biocon Email her your questions on business and secrets of her success Her answers will appear here on Friday , November 28
CNN  -- Irish lawmakers overwhelmingly passed new legislation early Friday that allows abortions if the mother 's life is at risk . Members of Parliament in the devoutly Catholic country spent hours before its passage debating the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill 2013 . The vote was 127-31 in favor of the bill . Conservative and progressive lawmakers argued over amendments to the draft law . Religious lawmakers and church leaders are upset over a provision allowing abortion if a pregnant woman is acutely at risk of committing suicide . They called it a "  Trojan horse " leading to easy abortion access and wanted it removed , but the provision was included in the final bill , according to The Irish Times . A woman ca n't just threaten to commit suicide and expect to receive an abortion , according to the bill . Two psychiatrists and an obstetrician must certify that the risk of suicide is "  real and substantial . " Female lawmakers introduced an amendment to permit abortions if a woman becomes pregnant after incest or rape , but later shelved it when it ran into resistance , the Times reported . In its final provisions , the bill underlines existing Irish laws to protect the fetus . "  It shall be an offense to intentionally destroy unborn human life , " it reads . A woman who violates the law could face a maximum penalty of 14 years in prison . The bill has proved divisive even within the government . European Affairs Minister Lucinda Creighton , who was opposed to elements of the legislation , resigned Thursday , Prime Minister Enda Kenny confirmed . Doctors and hospital personnel involved in illegal abortions face the same punishment , according to the bill . Woman 's death in Ireland abortion case ruled ` medical misadventure ' The issue was brought to the forefront last year when a 31-year-old woman died after doctors refused to perform a life-saving abortion . Savita Halappanavar went into a hospital in Galway , Ireland , in October , complaining of severe back pain . Doctors established Halappanavar , who was 17 weeks pregnant , was having a miscarriage . But they did not terminate the pregnancy , afraid the law would not allow it . Three days after the request for a termination was made , the fetus died and was removed . Four days later , Savita died of a blood infection . Public outrage over her death likely hastened the passage of the new legislation . It was proposed after a 2010 ruling by the European Court of Human Rights , but had been moving slowly through the legislative system . The European Court of Human Rights found that Ireland 's failure to regulate access to abortion had led to a violation of its human rights obligations . Twenty years ago , the Irish Supreme Court ruled abortions are allowed when there is a real and substantial risk to the life of the mother . But the ruling was never enacted into law , meaning there was little clarity for doctors or patients as to when an abortion could not take place . Human Rights Watch said the new legislation failed Ireland 's women by not going far enough to reform the country 's abortion laws . It did "  the bare minimum " to comply with the European court ruling , and did not address other issues such as the rights of women who are pregnant as a result of rape , it said in a statement . "  The new law does add clarity , but requiring women to seek multiple approvals from health professionals may delay or defeat access to legal abortions , " said Gauri van Gulik , women 's rights advocate for Human Rights Watch . "  Ultimately it does little to improve the draconian restrictions on abortions . " Husband testifies his wife died after abortion was denied in Ireland Opinion : If Ireland had abortion rights CNN 's Peter Taggart in Ireland contributed to this report .	NEW : Human Rights Watch says the bill fails women in Ireland by not going far enough The final bill includes a provision allowing abortion if the mother is at risk of suicide The majority government supports the bill Conservative and progressive lawmakers argue over various amendments
CNN  -- A 9-year-old boy who hopped a flight from Minnesota to Las Vegas this month was ordered Wednesday to undergo therapy and to live apart from his parents , for now . According to Nancy Peters , spokeswoman for Hennepin County 's Fourth Judicial District in Minneapolis , a judge said the boy 's parents should be allowed unlimited visits and phone calls with their son . Judge Joseph Klein also ordered the mother to have her 9-year-old boy evaluated for special education services , Peters said . Crew members aboard a Delta Air Lines flight on October 3 became suspicious of their child passenger and then found that he had no ticket or boarding pass . He was placed in a foster home as authorities began an investigation . ` He 's got a behavioral problem ' The Transportation Security Administration has said the boy went through security at Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport , although it has not explained how he did so without a boarding pass . An airport spokesman said video shows the boy chatted with a Delta agent when he reached the gate and moved toward the plane when the agent became distracted . Last week , the boy 's father tearfully told reporters he had previously asked for help to address the boy 's behavior problems , but no one responded . Drawing a sweatshirt 's hood tightly to his face to obscure his identity , the father said he tried to ask assistance from police and social service officials because of his son 's previous indiscretions , including allegedly stealing a vehicle just days before the flight . "  I 've been asking for help . No one stepped up to help , " the dad said , head bowed . CNN 's Cheri Mossburg and David Simpson contributed to this report .	Judge says parents should be allowed unlimited visits Boy sneaked past TSA and Delta agents on October 3 He is ordered by the judge to undergo therapy
CNN  -- The two men suspected of shooting to death a Chicago teenage girl are facing murder charges and will not get bond . Kenneth Williams , 20 , and Michael Ward , 18 , went before a judge Tuesday in their first courtroom appearance concerning the killing of Hadiya Pendleton , a 15-year-old who performed at a brunch before the January inauguration of President Obama . Police earlier said that Ward , who allegedly shot Pendleton , was on probation for unlawful use of a firearm . Ward confessed to shooting Hadiya and two others in late January in a case of mistaken identity , according to Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy . Police said Ward and Williams were gang members seeking revenge against the people who had shot Williams in July , men against whom Williams had refused to press charges when police arrested them . He and Ward thought they had spotted members of a rival gang at the park when police said Ward sneaked up on Hadiya and her friends and began shooting . Williams was the getaway driver , McCarthy said . Escalating gang violence has raised Chicago 's murder tally for 2012 to 500 , up 50 from 2011 , officials said .	Michael Ward and Kenneth Williams make their first court appearance Tuesday Hadiya Pendleton , 15 , was shot to death in Chicago Pendleton performed at a brunch before the inauguration of President Obama
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Have at least $ 68,000 to spare ? If so , you may be in the running to join an exclusive group of individuals who have had their complete genome sequenced . Bidding for an eBay auction for whole genome sequencing service begins at $ 68,000 . Starting Friday , the non-profit X Prize Foundation and private firm Knome are auctioning a whole genome sequence on eBay . The highest bidder will walk away with a full readout of their gene map , along with a complete interpretation of their genetic details . Hopes that genome sequencing will help usher in a new era of individualized health care have been rising ever since the first human genome sequence was completed in 2003 . The genome is a map of all the DNA in the human body . It serves as a blueprint for physical and behavioral traits as well as susceptibility to diseases . If genetic sequencing can be made more widely accessible , it has the potential to have a profound impact on health care , said George Church , a professor of genetics at Harvard Medical School who worked on the Human Genome Project . The auction will run for 10 days and bidding begins at a cool $ 68,000 . Proceeds will go to the X Prize Foundation , an educational institute that provides cash incentives to encourage innovation . The launch of the auction on Friday coincides with DNA Day , which marks the day when the double helix structure of DNA was discovered as well as the completion of the first human genome sequence . There are about 1,600 known genes that influence an individual 's health and the health of their offspring , according to Church , who is also a co-founder of Knome . Besides identifying risk of diseases , sequencing can also determine an individual 's potential reaction to certain drugs and pick out those that may be ineffective or even toxic . He believes personal genomes eventually will be integrated into preventive care one day . But genomics today is like the personal computers in the 1970s . Would you pay to have your genome sequenced ? How much ? Send us an iReport with your views "  This is a time of rapid transition where tools are being developed and people are deciding whether they want to be early adopters or not , " he told CNN . For now , complete human genome sequencing is still out of reach for most consumers . Cambridge , Mass.-based Knome charges $ 99,500 . The company has attracted at least 20 customers since it was started in 2007 . The winning bidder will be invited to attend a roundtable discussion where Knome 's scientists will review the winner 's analysis . The winner also gets a private dinner with Church . To be sure , the cost of technology has fallen rapidly from the $ 3 billion it cost to sequence the first human genome in 2003 . But it 's still cost prohibitive to incorporate complete sequences into medical research and care . Genomics plays a critical role in the move towards personalized medicine , according to MaryAnn Guerra , executive director of the life sciences prize group at X Prize . But the cost of technology is limiting wide-range research studies which could help shed more light on how to interpret genetic information . "  If we can drive this technology to be at a price point where you can do more studies and apply it more broadly , the more the data will have an impact on individuals , " she told CNN . In the aim of speeding up the sequencing process and lowering costs , X Prize is offering $ 10 million to the first team to successfully sequence 100 human genomes in 10 days for $ 10,000 per genome or less . However , predicting disease is a tricky business , and there is still much to be understood , researchers say . Recent studies suggest that many diseases are the result of variations of several , rather than just a single , gene . Much more research needs to be done before genetic testing can be applied to personalize medicine , according to David Goldstein , who heads the Center for Human Genome Variation at Duke University . "  Right now we need to understand how the genome of patients is changed in disease , " he said . "  We do n't understand how genomes of people with epilepsy or autism or schizophrenia differ . We are still at the research phase . "	Bidding for auction of whole genome sequencing begins at $ 68,000 Launch of auction on Friday coincides with DNA Day Personal genomics may transform health care , but costs still prohibitive Much more needs to be done to unravel mystery of genome , experts say
New York  CNN  -- I 'm no stranger to poverty . I 've lived it . I do n't forget it . And when I saw Katherine M. pick up aluminum cans while walking her granddaughter home from school , I could n't stop the rush of emotions . I was n't reporting from a developing country . This was a New York street in the heart of Harlem . "  If I do n't have my gloves , I do n't dig into the garbage , " Katherine said as she walked past dozens of black plastic trash bags that lined the street . I met her at a soup kitchen while covering a story about the end of the food stamp benefit boost from the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act . "  You 've got ta do your homework , and I 've got ta do your hair , " Katherine said with a smile to her 9-year-old granddaughter , Katherine . In 2004 , her daughter died in childbirth , making the now-66-year-old a caretaker of three overnight . That 's when she went back to changing diapers and taking care of two young boys with small attention spans and big appetites . Raising children on a fixed income was not easy for Katherine . Receiving $ 358 a month in food stamps helped but did n't cover all her grocery needs . On November 1 , her food stamp benefits shrunk . That 's when the boost in benefits from the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ended . About 47 million Americans saw their benefits reduced , too . For Katherine , less food stamp benefits meant collecting more cans on the street and from friends . "  I tell everybody here , ` give me your cans , ' " she said . She redeems the cans for 5 cents each . Talking to strangers like me about her economic situation was not easy . "  I do n't like that word , ` poor , ' " she said . "  I 'm bent . " "  What does bent mean ? " I asked . "  Poor , but I do n't like the word poor , " she said . After Katherine 's story aired , a generous viewer from Florida helped her shop for groceries so that this Thanksgiving , she does n't have to sell cans to put food on the table . Life has been rough on Katherine , but you 'd never know from the constant smile on her face . She laughs about the small joys in life and about its tough lessons , as well . "  Here , you pick that up for me , " Katherine instructed her young granddaughter , pointing to a bottle resting against a fence . Young Katherine used her small hands to pick up the bottle and give it to Grandma , who put it in a small black plastic bag . We all continued walking . As I observed and listened , I could feel a knot growing in my throat . "  I do n't want her to feel ashamed because she have to pick up cans to eat or get the things that she needs , " Katherine said as she looked in every direction for plastic or aluminum . "  No matter how people look at you , you keep your head up . " "  Do you think it 's an important lesson ? " I asked . "  Yeah , it shows young kids how to be independent , " she responded . By this time , I was holding back my tears . It was a lesson I learned too , at a very early age . And I was seeing another young girl receive the same advice . According to Feeding America , 15.9 million American children lived in food-insecure homes in 2012 . While many American children are thinking about the latest version of their favorite smartphone or tablet this season , millions of children across the country , like little Katherine , do n't know where their next meal will come from . To Impact Your World by fighting hunger , visit the Food Bank for New York City to make a donation that can change a life . That 's where Katherine and many others may get their only food for the day . For more on how you can fight hunger in your community , go to CNN.com / impact .	CNN 's Rosa Flores was moved by a woman she met covering a story Katherine M. is raising her three grandchildren on food stamps and very little money To earn extra cash , Katherine collects aluminum cans on the streets of Harlem How can you help ? Go to CNN.com / impact
MYRTLE BEACH , South Carolina  CNN  -- Discussions about proposals on the economy and health care were overshadowed by heated exchanges between rivals Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama during Monday night 's Democratic debate . Sen. Hillary Clinton and Sen. Barack Obama started arguing almost as soon as the debate began . The two Democratic front-runners took shots at each others ' economic plans and criticized the accuracy of recent accusations the two campaigns have traded . Obama said Clinton 's charge that fiscal responsibility is n't a priority for him "  is n't true . " "  This is one of the things that has happened in the course of this campaign . There are a set of assertions made by Sen. Clinton as well as her husband that are not factually accurate , " Obama said , raising the criticisms the Clintons made about him in recent days . "  Part of what the people are looking for right now is somebody who is going to solve problems and not resort to the same typical politics that we 've seen in Washington , " he said . Clinton replied she was referring to differences in Obama 's position toward the Iraq war . "  It was more about the distinction between words and action . And I think that is a fair assessment for voters to make , " she said . Watch Clinton , Obama trade jabs " Clinton said it is "  sometimes difficult to understand what Sen. Obama has said because as soon as he is confronted on it he says that 's not what he meant . " Former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards jumped in , saying "  Are there three people in this debate , not two ? " "  This kind of squabbling -- how many children is this going to get health care ? How many people are going to get education because of this ? How many kids are going to get to go to college because of this ? " Edwards said to cheers from the crowd . "  I respect both of my fellow candidates , but we have got to understand this is not about us personally . " CNN I-Reporters , providing their reaction to the debate , responded negatively to the bickering tone between Clinton and Obama . "  I am proud that Sen. Edwards is taking the high road and making himself stand out from the bickering senators , Clinton and Obama . We do n't need blame for our troubles , we need solutions , " wrote David Parker of San Jose , California . "  The two leading candidates are getting closer to nothing -- they will lose the election to Republican Party if they keep talking in such a way , " Duop Chak of Colorado Springs , Colorado , wrote on CNN.com 's Political Ticker . The candidates are facing off in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , five days before the state 's Democratic primary . The debate was put together by CNN and the Congressional Black Caucus Institute . See what the candidates said on the issues " CNN political analyst Bill Schneider said this could be a debate "  where John Edwards gets back in the game . " "  He 's effectively making his points , while Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are in silly squabbles . Voters have too many concerns to care about Obama and Clinton 's political potshots , " Schneider said.Edwards said ending poverty is "  the cause of my life . " See what CNN 's political team thought about the attacks " "  Now , fiscal responsibility , which I think was the question . It was a little hard to tell there at the end of that . But I think the question was about fiscal responsibility , " he said . "  I have proposed , I think , the most aggressive , most progressive agenda of the three of us up here , " he said . On the issue of Iraq , Clinton was asked if she is looking to end the war or win it . "  I 'm looking to bring our troops home , starting within 60 days of my becoming president , " she said . "  There is no military solution , and our young men and women should not remain as the referees of their conflict . " Edwards said within his first year as president he would have all combat troops out of Iraq and there would be no permanent military bases in Iraq . "  I have not heard either of them say that definitively , " he said . Obama responded saying , "  I want to be as careful getting out as we were careless getting in , but I want to make sure that we get all of our combat troops out as quickly as we can safely . " Watch Edwards , Obama debate Iraq " CNN 's Wolf Blitzer is moderating and CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux and Joe Johns are asking questions . Watch the crew get ready for Monday 's debate " Clinton and Obama directed some of their responses at each other instead of the panel of moderators . "  It is very difficult having a standup debate with you because you never take responsibility for any vote , " Clinton said after attacking Obama for not supporting a Senate amendment that would have capped the interest rate on credit cards at 30 percent . "  It 's just very difficult to get a straight answer . " The comment drew boos from Obama supporters . At one point , Clinton said that Obama had represented a "  slum landlord business " in Chicago when he was practicing law , which brought some boos from the audience . When given an opportunity to respond , Obama explained the law firm he used to work for represented a church group that had partnered with an individual to do a project "  and I did about five hours worth of work on this joint project . That 's what she 's referring to . " Then he turned the explanation into a shot at Clinton . "  Now , it 's fine for her to throw that out , but the larger reason that I think this debate is important is because we do have to trust our leaders and what they say , " he said . " ... Truthfulness during campaigns makes a difference . " Edwards said it 's being coming "  increasingly likely " that the GOP presidential nominee will be Sen. John McCain of Arizona . Watch what McCain says about Edwards " "  Here 's what we have to be thinking about . Who will be tough enough and strong enough and who can compete against John McCain in every place in America ? " Edwards said . "  I think I can go everywhere and compete head-to-head with McCain . " So far in the Democratic contests , Clinton , a senator from New York , has won New Hampshire , Nevada and Michigan . In Michigan , she was the only major candidate on the ballot . Obama , a senator from Illinois , won in Iowa . Edwards finished second in Iowa , but he has yet to win any states . Edwards would like to rebound in South Carolina , his native state . He won the primary there in 2004 when he was making his first bid for the White House . Each of the candidates is trying to gain the support of the state 's African-Americans , who make up almost half of the Democratic primary voters . The majority of South Carolina black Democrats are leaning toward Obama , according to a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released Friday . The poll suggests nearly 60 percent of black registered Democrats were backing Obama as the presidential nominee , with 31 percent supporting Clinton . That 's a major shift from October , when African-Americans backed Clinton over Obama , 57 percent to 33 percent . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Wolf Blitzer and Bill Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : Front-runners waste no time launching new attacks NEW : Edwards tries to stay out of heated exchange Top three Democratic candidates debating in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina South Carolina 's Democratic primary is Saturday
Making a cell phone call while aloft could become a reality under a proposal by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission . Cell phone calls , texting and other mobile services would be allowed when the aircraft are flying above 10,000 feet , but not during takeoff and landing , according to an official briefed on the proposal . Airlines would have to equip planes with special antennas approved by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration before passengers could start talking . The commission says this proposal aims to give airline passengers the same communication access in the air that they have on trains and buses or in coffee shops . What should become of Airplane mode ? "  Modern technologies can deliver mobile services in the air safely and reliably , and the time is right to review our outdated and restrictive rules , " FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said in a statement . "  I look forward to working closely with my colleagues , the FAA and the airline industry on this review of new mobile opportunities for consumers . " For years , the FCC has banned talking on mobile phones aboard aircraft in flight due to concerns that high-flying phones could disrupt cellular towers on the ground . A proposal to lift the cell phone ban was considered in 2004 but abandoned three years later . At the time , the FCC said that the "  technical information provided ... was insufficient to determine whether in-flight use of wireless devices on aircraft could cause harmful interference to wireless networks on the ground . " A number of other nations around the world already allow cell phone use inflight on similarly equipped aircraft . FAA allowing most electronic device use throughout flight In a 2012 study , the FAA collected data from 11 countries and concluded that "  civil aviation authorities reported no confirmed occurrences of cell phones affecting flight safety on aircraft with on-board cellular telephone base stations . " The commission is considering the proposal because passengers want it , but some surveys show passengers are split . In a survey conducted in 2012 by Delta Air Lines , 64 % of passengers said the ability to make phone calls inflight would have a negative impact on their onboard experience . The current proposal will be discussed at the FCC 's December 12 meeting and could then be opened for public comments . The commission would have to vote on a final rule before it could take effect . If the FCC gives final approval , individual airlines could choose whether to provide mobile service to passengers .	The FCC is considering allowing cell phone talk aboard aircraft The rule would apply only above 10,000 feet Individual airlines could decide whether to allow cell phone conversations
