Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- A European Commission spokeswoman hinted Monday at the possibility of sanctions against Ivory Coast if the country is unable to resolve its disputed presidential election . Catherine Ashton , vice president of the commission and the European Union 's high representative for foreign affairs and security policy , would consider sanctions "  if there is n't a swift resolution to the crisis , " commission spokeswoman Angela Filote said . Filote declined further comment on the threat of sanctions , which comes two days after rival presidential candidates each claimed office and a day after former South African President Thabo Mbeki arrived on an emergency mission to try to help resolve the sitaution . Despite ongoing protests , the situation has remained largely calm in Ivory Coast following the disputed election in which incumbent Laurent Gbagbo and challenger Alassane Ouattara both claimed victory . But the political chaos has heightened fears that the Ivory Coast -- known as Cote d'Ivoire in French -- would once again plunge into the unrest and bloodshed suffered after a civil war broke out in 2002 . A United Nations spokesman , Farhan Haq , said Monday that in light of the country 's security situation , the U.N. will temporarily relocate about 460 non-essential staff members to Gambia . And Amnesty International called on the country 's security forces to protect civilians , claiming that at least 20 people have been killed in the aftermath of the election . There was no official confirmation of Amnesty 's claim . Gbagbo has defied international appeals to step aside and was sworn in Saturday as the new president in a formal ceremony inside the presidential palace . The ceremony was broadcast live on television . Less than a hour-and-a-half later Ouattara told reporters that he , too , had taken the oath of office and asked Prime Minister Guillaume Soro to form a new government . Mbeki , sent by the African Union , met with Gbagbo and the U.N. special envoy to the country in Abidjan before meeting with Ouattara , according to Mbeki 's spokesman , Mukoni Ratshitanga . Mbeki met with Gbagbo at the presidential residence and with Ouattara at an Abdijan hotel he is using as a headquarters . He was also to meet with the electoral commissions and the nation 's Constitutional Council . Mbeki told reporters he was sent by the African Union to hear out all the parties and make recommendations . He said he would issue a statement later . Ouattara told reporters he was "  honored to receive Mbeki as the president of Ivory Coast . " Meanwhile , a Soro spokesman said the prime minister presented the new government that Ouattara told him to form . But Gbagbo announced that he had designated his own prime minister in nationally televised address Sunday night . He named Gilbert Marie Ngbo Ake , an economist and former president of the University of Abidjan , who hails from a region of the country that has long supported Gbagbo . On Sunday , the army announced on national television that the country 's borders and airspace would be open on Monday morning . The border had been closed last week amid rising tensions following one commission 's announcement of Ouattara as the winner . International broadcasting agencies were shut down at the same time . The Constitutional Council declared Gbagbo the winner Friday , invalidating earlier results from the Independent Electoral Commission which handed Ouattara the victory with 54.1 % of the vote . The Constitutional Council said Gbagbo had won the election with 51.45 % of the vote to Ouattara 's 48.55 % . It tossed out votes it said were marred by fraud in northern regions that were considered Ouattara strongholds . It was the job of Y.J. Choi , the special envoy in the Ivory Coast of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , to review and sign off on the results . Choi said that , even if Gbagbo 's complaints were taken into consideration , Ouattara was the winner . "  Having evaluated all the tally sheets , 20,000 of them yesterday evening , we are in a position to know what happened really , " Choi said in a telephone interview from Abidjan . "  With absolute certainty , we know that Ouattara won the election . " With his credibility in question , Gbagbo defied calls from international leaders to respect the will of Ivorian voters by taking the oath of office in front of a room full of supporters and military commanders . "  These past days I have noticed serious cases of interference , " Gbagbo said . "  The sovereignty of Cote d'Ivoire is not negotiable . My responsibility is to defend it . " The dispute has drawn international criticism and concern , with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and U.S. President Barack Obama among world leaders urging a swift resolution that respects voters ' wishes . On Monday , Ban said he remained "  deeply concerned " about the situation and has been consulting with many world leaders on the crisis . On Sunday , the World Bank and the African Development Bank issued a joint statement warning that the dispute could hurt economic stability in Ivory Coast and the region . Earlier , Sarkozy appealed for calm and urged military and civilian officials to respect the will of the people . Obama warned Gbagbo : "  The international community will hold those who act to thwart the democratic process and the will of the electorate accountable for their actions . " Ouattara , a former economist for the International Monetary Fund who served as prime minister , had been banned from previous races . Gbagbo 's critics said the incumbent stoked tensions by accusing Ouattara of masterminding the civil war . Ouattara has denied the allegation . Once a prosperous nation and a driving force in West Africa , the Ivory Coast spiraled downward into instability after fighting erupted between the government-held south and discontented Muslim rebels living in the north . Thousands of people died in the conflict . Ouattara enjoys popular support in the rebel-held north and now , with both candidates claiming they are president , the potential exists for more bloodshed . The streets of Abidjan have already seen violent clashes in the past few days . Journalists Francois Xavier Menage and Eric Agnero contributed to this report .	NEW : United Nations to relocate non-essential personel to Gambia as tensions rise European Commission official says sanctions are possibility Both Laurent Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara claim presidency
Hong Kong  CNN  -- As "  Black Friday " follows Thanksgiving in the United States , "  White Day " follows Valentines Day in Japan . Card makers , retailers and advertisers have young people planning weeks ahead to make their "  Friendship Day " buys in India , clicking their favorite online purchases on "  Singles Day " in China , and even eating their hearts out at fast-food giant KFC in Japan for Christmas . Much as Thanksgiving has spurred businesses to create Black Friday  and now Gray Thursday and Cyber Monday  to get shoppers into stores , countries around the world have turned average dates on the calendar into must-buy events . We take a look at a few such engineered days that promise love and happiness through retail therapy -- and , of course , profits for the companies behind it . White Day , March 14 : Japan , South Korea and Taiwan Cupid aims his bow and arrows a bit differently in Japan and reverses the western ways of lovers . On Valentine 's Day , or Barentain Dei in Japan , women indulge their significant others with gifts and chocolates . And so , on White Day , celebrated exactly a month after Valentine 's Day in February , men are supposed to return the favor of love and the giri choco , or obligation chocolates . White Day was first observed over 30 years ago by Japanese confectionary companies , according to Japanese media . In a ploy to boost marshmallow sales in the country , they started encouraging men to gift them to their female lovers , as a symbol of gratitude . Today , the Valentine 's return-gift can be anything white -- white chocolate , jewelry , lingerie , flowers -- not just gooey and tender marshmallows . This holiday for the heart has now spread to South Korea and Taiwan . Friendship Day , first Sunday of August : India While July 30 is the official , recently-declared United Nation 's "  International Day of Friendship , " India celebrates it a few weeks later . The origins of Friendship Day in India though , are fuzzy at best . Some say the choice of day was cooked-up by Hallmark-founder Joyce Hall . Wherever the holiday came from , India 's burgeoning youth and aspiring middle-class have welcomed it with open arms . It is frequently featured in Bollywood movies too . Typically , friends -- platonic or romantic -- exchange the popular friendship bands , woven hemp or jute bands meant to be tied on your friends ' wrists . Retailers start their Friendship Day campaigns and deals weeks in advance . Flower vendors , restaurants , stores and e-commerce portals willingly add to the pomp and show , according to local media . On the day , the streets of urban India are teeming with young men and women on motorcycles , huddled in the popular markets , cafes and malls , celebrating this annual fÃªte . Archies  Hallmark 's India partner  , a leader in India 's "  Social Expressions Industry " with over 50 % of the market share , has seen a continuous increase in its gift sales segment but a weakening greeting cards segment . Click Frenzy , November 20-21 : Australia In Australia , online retail trade site Power Retail launched a 24-hour sale website called "  Click Frenzy " as the country 's version of "  Cyber Monday . " The newcomer to this slew of commercial holidays was launched on November 20 at 7 p.m. local time and it was the first online shopping event in Australia . Clickfrenzy.com.au aimed at aggregating and posting deals from over 200 retailers and redirecting shoppers to company websites of participants such as Dan Murphy 's , Camera House , Lenovo , Fila , Expedia , Dick Smith , Clinique , Roxy and Dell . On the big day , the website experienced technical glitches and crashed under volumes of traffic . Organizer Grant Arnott apologized to shoppers for the inconvenience on its Facebook page . The Australian National Retail Association told the Australian Financial Review that technical difficulties like this were common to many big sales overseas . Click Frenzy generated a 200 % increase in revenue for some retailers that participated , according to Arnnet , an Australian IT industry news website . The eWay payment gateway reported a 240 % increase in the worth of goods purchased in those 24 hours when compared to the same time the previous week . Retail names Target , Chemist Warehouse and Dick Smith Electronics saw a surge in online traffic during the limited period , with boosts of 160,000 , 120,000 and over 90,000 visits to their sites compared to the Monday before the sale , according to a local marketing and advertising industry publication . The debacle still spawned a fury online from the public , with the #clickfail hashtag trending heavily on Twitter . Singles Day , November 11 : China China , too , has its own shopping holiday called "  Singles Day " which also takes place on the November 11 . Local reports say the day is dubbed as China 's busiest online shopping day . It originated in the 1990s with college students who were inspired by the date as when written numerically  11/11  , represent four single people . "  Singles Day " is China 's version of Valentine 's Day for people without romantic partners who treat each other to dinners and gifts bought online . Companies that cash in on "  Singles Day " include Alibaba Group . Over 10 million people shopped on Toabao , a subsidiary company of Alibaba . Another online retailer , Tencent 's 51buy saw a seven-fold increase in trade since last year , according to the Financial Times . T-mall , an online sales platform said its sales reached 13.2 billion yuan  US$ 2.1 billion  . It 's also a testament to China 's growing online market . China 's online shopping population outranks the U.S. with 193 million versus 170 million , according to the Boston Consulting Group . KFC Christmas , December 20 : Japan An unusual custom of eating KFC for Christmas has made its roots in Japan . The American fast-food chain has become synonymous with Christmas dinners in the country and orders are placed as early as December . It all started when a western man in Japan substituted KFC chicken for turkey in his Christmas meal in the early 1970s , according to the company . In 1974 , the company launched the "  Kurisumasu ni wa Kentakki "  Kentucky for Christmas  campaign and the finger licking tradition has stuck ever since . The marketing tactic has proved so successful for the fast-food chain that KFC 's Christmas meals can be ordered up to two months in advance , according to the Financial Times . KFC has a special Christmas menu , offering roast chicken , smoked chicken and barbeque chicken for the limited period . Buy Nothing Day , last Saturday in November : International A day to trump them all has also taken shape -- "  Buy Nothing Day " -- to counter the global and manic consumer . Created for people to oppose retailer-driven consumerism , the day was first observed in Mexico in 1992 , and later in the U.S. in 1997 , according to its organizers . In the U.S. , it is the day after Thanksgiving and is meant to offset Black Friday . Internationally , it is celebrated on the last Saturday in November . Proponents of Buy Nothing Day cite various ethical , environmental , personal , and moral reasons to dissuade shoppers . "  Everything we buy has an impact on the environment , " according to the UK-based Buy Nothing Day website . "  Buy Nothing Day highlights the environmental and ethical consequences of consumerism . " The Canadian not-for-profit , Adbusters Media Foundation is one of the main campaigners for what they call "  A 24-hour moratorium on consumer spending . " People are encouraged to cut up their credit cards , participate in zombie walks  wandering around shopping malls with blank stares  , go on Buy Nothing Day hikes , Buy Nothing Day paddles , and basically , buy nothing .	Thanksgiving has spurred businesses to create versions of Black Friday 's globally Artificially-engineered days that promise love , happiness and profits through retail therapy A day to trump them all has also taken shape to counter the global consumer
CNN  -- A fan recently summed up his feelings about NFL arenas in a blog post : Religions have their churches , and sports teams have their stadiums . As the Green Bay Packers and Pittsburgh Steelers leave their fans ' places of Sunday worship to face off in the Super Bowl , one of the world 's top sports arena architects shared a story that illustrates why some facilities are better than others . Rewind to 1998 , when James Poulson and five top colleagues from the architectural firm now known as Aecom Ellerbe Becket were camping out in the office suite of Microsoft co-founder and Seattle Seahawks owner Paul Allen . The pressure was on Poulson 's self-described "  SWAT team " to design a new stadium with built-in advantages for the home squad -- a stadium that would act as the Seahawks ' virtual 12th man . "  The whole concept was to create a place at one end of the field for the real crazies who like to paint themselves blue and green , " Poulson recalls . "  The stands would be made of steel -- so when you stomp your feet , it made noise . " But the area also needed to have a great view that was n't blocked by the giant video scoreboard . During a "  pretty intensive roll-up-your-sleeves work-all-night atmosphere , " crude models were built , handmade sketches were pinned to the office walls , and eventually , the presentation was ready for Allen . "  We brought in this model with little blue lights built into it , and we turned off the room lights and turned on the blue lights in the model , " Poulson said . "  Paul was like a little kid with a new toy . He was so excited with the potential of something like that . " Looking straight at Poulson , Allen asked , "  Where has this been done before ? " Nowhere , Poulson told him . "  Great , we 're going to do it . " Infrastructural adversary From there began Qwest Field 's reputation as an infrastructural adversary for any visiting NFL team . Not only was the end zone noisy , the entire stadium seemed to amplify the crowd noise and focus it onto the field . Now the arena is among the top delay-of-game venues in the league -- much to the chagrin of Seahawks opponents . More ideas flowed onto the blueprints . The stadium was positioned so that Seattle 's infamous horizontal rain would pelt the opponents ' sideline area -- but not the home team 's sideline . "  It was a calculated risk , " Poulson admitted . "  We knew where the rain was coming from , and we knew which way the stadium had to be oriented for percentage angles . " A recent report in Discovery News suggested that foot-stomping fans at Qwest might actually create their own mini-earthquakes . Poulson explained , "  We do n't recruit players , and we do n't build teams , and we do n't coach . We try to create an environment that 's conducive to spectacular athletic performance . " Welcome to the era of the NFL super stadium : a high-tech sports sanctuary designed to win more games , make more money and please more fans . "  The buildings are n't always getting bigger , but they are getting smarter , " says Christopher Lamberth , of 360 Architecture . It 's a time when rabid football followers name their pets after their favorite arenas , like Heinz . It 's a world where PETA praises animal-friendly NFL stadiums , such as the Packers ' newly renovated Lambeau Field for its "  hearty , meat-free fare . " It 's also when fans are n't satisfied by simply sitting in the stands and watching a game on the field . They can do that at home , Lamberth said . But what they 'll never replicate with at-home viewing is the vibe of actually being where the game is . So now , the idea is to combine the best of both worlds : at home and at the field . "  You can go sit in the upper deck and still have a good time , " Lamberth said . "  You can watch from a concession-area monitor . Or if you want to tailgate it in the parking lot and watch it on satellite , that 's great , too . " Either way , fans come away with a game-day experience . Stadiums are reflecting this attitude by bringing to the field more of the comforts and gadgets of home -- luxury boxes , multiscreen video and top-notch concessions . Design trends follow with wider stadium concourses and large , open plazas surrounding the arenas . Tailgating on steroids This weekend 's Super Bowl has embraced the idea as a way to boost attendance toward the 100,000 mark . Tickets : $ 200 a head . Experiencing the vibe of the Super Bowl parking lot : priceless . At Lambeau , where Wisconsin 's brutal cold often provides a home field advantage , the stadium has sponsored its own sort of tailgate-party-on-steroids called The Tailgate Tundra Zone . Up to 4,000 partying Cheeseheads take over a couple hundred parking spots with the team 's blessing . With about 84,000 fans on a waiting list for season tickets , the Tundra Zone is the next best thing to being inside a stadium that has sold out its past 290 games . Getting intimate at Heinz Field In Pittsburgh , cold winds off the Ohio River blast into the open end of Heinz Field , creating a home field advantage for visiting teams ' inexperienced kickers . The arena is considering adding 4,000 seats , and plans are under way to connect Heinz to downtown with a light-rail line . Heinz and many of the league 's other newer or newly renovated stadiums offer "  intimate " settings . Fewer seats are in the end zone , and more seats are closer to the field . Spectators have a more direct line of sight to the action . And then , of course , there 's the amazing 21st century technology . At the home of the Arizona Cardinals , the 19 million-pound field turf rolls from inside the stadium to the outside , so the grass can bask in the Phoenix sunshine . Cowboys Stadium 's retractable roof is touted as the largest of its kind in the world . It opens or closes in just 12 minutes . Media technology is built into the backbone of the NFL 's New Meadowlands Stadium in New Jersey . Opened in 2010 , the home to New York 's Jets and Giants boasts four huge HD video scoreboards -- one for each corner of the field . Most stadiums have two -- one in each end zone . For Jets games , ticket holders have access to a new hand-held sports video device called FanVision , which feeds detailed game stats and shows replays from several exclusive camera angles that fans would n't see anywhere else . Also , concession technology at Meadowlands speeds up purchases and shortens lines . Stadium operators can track sales data in real time . Faster than you can spell ` Roethlisberger ' Meadowlands ' Wi-Fi capacity is huge , said William Squires , an ex-Giants vice president who consults for the new stadium . "  You have fans trying to upload photos or video , and some of these stadiums just ca n't handle it , " he said . "  But we think we 're ahead of the times when it comes to that . Our wireless abilities are pretty much off the charts . " Fans of the sci-fi film "  Blade Runner " recall the giant video walls emblazoned on skyscrapers of the future . In the real world , stadium designers are moving in this direction . American Airlines Arena , which is home to the NBA 's Miami Heat , was one of the first sports facilities to use MediaMesh technology that turns building facades into giant video screens . Look for this trend to continue and intensify . Video projected on the building will reveal upcoming games or live broadcasts of the games being played inside . Or , the video facades could offset expensive ticket prices with paid advertising . For future facilities , designers are looking at other ways to transform sports arenas . Organizers of London 's 2012 Olympics are interested in venues that can easily transform seating and field configurations from one sport to another . In Qatar , site of the 2022 FIFA World Cup , proposed stadiums include detachable upper tiers . Designers are asking themselves , "  How can we expand or adapt seating capacity ? " Lamberth said . "  The flexibility to host various events is the transformable . "	Super Bowl stadium boosts attendance by selling tickets for the parking lot Newer NFL facilities boast smarter designs , more technology Packers ' Lambeau Field embraces "  tailgating on steroids " Stadium architect reveals secrets of home-field advantage
Moscow  CNN  Russia 's president shares "  political responsibility " for the assassination of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov , the late politician 's daughter said Friday in her first TV interview since his death in central Moscow last week . Zhanna Nemtsova , who said she has no faith in the Russian investigation into the killing , said she believes his death will only deter other opposition voices , rather than embolden them . "  I can not blame him  Putin  directly ,  but  I would say that our authorities , including the president of Russia , have political responsibility as the head of state , " Nemtsova told CNN 's Matthew Chance . Nemtsova says she has no evidence about who ordered the murder , but that "  it 's evident that it 's politically motivated . " Nemtsov , 55 , was shot dead last Friday night as he walked near the Kremlin with his girlfriend . A former deputy prime minister , he was one of Putin 's harshest critics and had been arrested several times for speaking against the government . No one has been arrested , though Russia 's Federal Security Service chief has said there are suspects . The Kremlin has suggested Nemtsov may have been killed by enemies of Russia intent on creating political discord , but many Nemtsov supporters suspect Putin 's administration of involvement . How Boris Nemtsov 's murder serves notice to Vladimir Putin 's enemies Putin this week called the killing a "  disgrace " and a tragedy , and he promised to bring those responsible to justice . But Nemtsova , 30 , said she does not believe that will happen . She said investigators have not contacted her and she knows nothing of the case except what is in the media . "  I do n't know where his cellphone and his personal belongings are , so I know only those things which are released or published in the press and nothing else , nothing else , " she told CNN from Germany , where she is staying for a few days . "  As I have already said , I do n't have any faith in this investigation . " Nemtsova said she loved her father "  more than anyone else in my life " and that the two were very close . "  I think that he died a hero , " she said . "  He was a very brave man , and he was clever , he was a great thinker and he was a brilliant physicist , " having published dozens of articles on the subject , she said . He was also an economist and pacifist , she said , who most recently had been critical of the Kremlin 's handling of the Ukraine crisis . "  I know that some Russian officials kept saying that he was not dangerous , but ... in an authoritarian regime , any person who does not agree with politics -- who criticizes the official standpoint -- is dangerous , " Nemtsova said . "  That 's why , I think , if you look at other regimes , like in Russia , you will see that all opponents to the official line are in danger , under threat . " Nemtsov was a top official with the Republican Party of Russia-Party of People 's Freedom , a liberal opposition group . He served as deputy prime minister in the late 1990s under President Boris Yeltsin . Early in his career , he was governor of Nizhniy Novgorod , a major economic hub . "  I think that now , Russia has crossed the line after this murder , and people will be frightened to express their ideas which contradict ... the official standpoint , " Nemtsova said . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from Moscow . CNN 's Melissa Gray reported and wrote from Atlanta .	Zhanna Nemtsova says she has no faith in the Russian investigation Her father 's killing will serve only to deter other opposition voices , she says Nemtsov was gunned down near the Kremlin last week
CNN  -- In a defeat for the Obama administration over executive privilege , a federal judge has ordered the release of a secret government document dealing with foreign aid that President Barack Obama has refused to make public . U.S. District Judge Ellen Huvelle , in a ruling dated Tuesday , rejected as "  troubling " the sweeping White House contention that a single unclassified directive was within the so-called presidential communications privilege . "  The government appears to adopt the cavalier attitude that the President should be permitted to convey orders throughout the Executive Branch without public oversight -- to engage in what is in effect governance by ` secret law , ' " the Huvelle said . "  Such a position conflicts with the very purpose " of the Freedom of Information Act . The ruling stemmed from a court challenge , citing FOIA , filed by the non-profit Center for Effective Government . Executive privilege is a claim made by the President or other executive branch officials when refusing to give Congress , courts , or private parties certain information , including records and testimony . National security , pending appointments , and internal advice given to the President by aides are areas where such a privilege is often invoked . There was no immediate reaction from the White House , which can appeal .	A federal judge in Washington ordered the release of a document on foreign aid The Obama administration had refused to make the information public Judge cites what she believes is a "  cavalier attitude " by the White House Case brought by a non-profit involved the Freedom of Information Act
CNN  -- Edward Snowden , the former technical assistant for the CIA who has leaked details of a top-secret American program , has checked out of a Hong Kong hotel where he was holed up for three weeks . Where he is now is the subject of intense speculation , as is the question of what happens next . Read more : Called a defector , NSA leaker defends his decision Analysts say the United States is likely to seek his extradition . But Hong Kong could refuse if the government in Beijing decides it might be useful to keep him , and countries such as Iceland could step in to grant him asylum  although there is no suggestion Snowden has yet applied for asylum there . By Snowden 's own admission , however , all his "  options are bad . " Read more : Concerns about surveillance ` fanciful , ' British official says "  Yes , I could be rendered by the CIA . I could have people come after me . Or any of the third party partners . They work closely with a number of other nations . Or they could pay off the Triads . Any of their agents or assets , " he told The Guardian newspaper . "  We have got a CIA station just up the road -- the consulate here in Hong Kong -- and I am sure they are going to be busy for the next week . And that is a concern I will live with for the rest of my life , however long that happens to be . " The U.S. signed an extradition treaty with Hong Kong in 1996 just seven months before the then British colony was handed back to Beijing . Hong Kong 's extradition laws had previously been governed by the United States-United Kingdom extradition treaty . This new treaty established an agreement under Hong Kong 's "  one country , two systems " that allows Hong Kong autonomy from Beijing in all matters apart from defense and foreign policy . Analysts say Snowden 's leaks puts him squarely in the grey area that straddles Hong Kong 's autonomy and Beijing 's foreign policy . "  This is a huge political statement , " former CIA operative Robert Baer told CNN . "  He has put himself in serious legal jeopardy . He leaked signals intelligence and the  U.S.  government is almost mandated to go prosecute him . They will not let this go at all . " Obama : No one listening to your calls He said the U.S. would likely seek an extradition warrant so that Snowden , whom he said was in clear violation of laws governing disclosure of U.S. state secrets , could face felony charges . Baer also surmised that Snowden 's timing may have played to Beijing 's anger over charges by the U.S. that China 's military had hacked into U.S. government and corporate networks . "  Frankly ... I think they 're very angry over the hacking charges that have been brought up over the past couple of months , " he said . "  I think it 's no coincidence that this interview was aired just as the Chinese premier was leaving the United States . " A two-day summit between President Obama and his Chinese counterpart , Xi Jinping , wrapped up Saturday in California - and the thorny issue of cyber-security was on the agenda . "  If you 're going to make a political statement like this so strongly with such evidence , you either do it in Washington DC on Capitol Hill or at worst you go to some place like Sweden or Iceland that is n't in the game on this deal . "  I think we 're going to hear a lot more about this as the weeks go on and there 's a lot more to it , " Baer said . Under the Hong Kong-U.S. treaty , both sides have the right of refusal in the case of political offenses . However , under Hong Kong 's Fugitives Offenders Ordinance , Beijing has the right of veto over extraditions that could significantly affect defense or foreign affairs . Read more : Who is Edward Snowden ? Patricia Ho , a lawyer with Daly & Associates in Hong Kong whose firm has handled asylum and refugee claims , said that given Hong Kong 's lackluster track record on granting asylum , she was surprised Snowden had lauded the region for its commitment to civil liberties . Libyan dissident Sami al-Saadi still plans to sue the Hong Kong government for its role in his illegal rendition to and imprisonment in Libya in 2004 . "  Within China itself , Hong Kong has better civil liberties but I could n't see the Hong Kong government granting him asylum given their present practices , " she said . She said if Snowden pursued an asylum claim within Hong Kong , he would have to establish one of three categories of threat : torture , cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment or persecution . The last category is designed to cover ordinary refugees fleeing persecution at home . The case of WikiLeaks source Bradley Manning -- currently in detention in the U.S. - could help Snowden , Ho said . In 2012 , the U.N. Special Rapporteur on Torture found that his detention in solitary confinement for 11 months "  constitutes at a minimum cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment in violation of article 16 of the convention against torture . " In this case , Hong Kong could resist extradition unless the US made diplomatic guarantees that Snowden would not meet the same fate as Manning . Whether China , which exerts considerable behind-the-scenes influence in Hong Kong , would put at risk its relationship with the U.S. over Snowden remains to be seen , she said . "  If he does come forward and decides to resist extradition from within Hong Kong then this would become a very fascinating case because it would challenge ` one country , two systems , ' " Ho said . Opinion : Snowden is a hero	Analysts : U.S. is likely to seek Snowden 's extradition , but Beijing has the right of veto CIA operative says Snowden violated laws governing disclosure of U.S. state secrets Leaker Edward Snowden could face felony charges , admits all his "  options are bad "
Seattle , Washington  CNN  -- A Seattle cartoonist who drew a cartoon about the Prophet Mohammed has been warned by the FBI about death threats made against her by a radical cleric with ties to al Qaeda , an FBI agent said Tuesday . "  She should be taken as a prime target of assassination , " terror suspect Anwar al-Awlaki purportedly wrote about cartoonist Molly Norris in an English-language magazine called Inspire that claimed to be a publication of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . "  This campaign is not a practice of freedom of speech , but is a nationwide mass movement of Americans " who are "  going out of their way to offend Muslims worldwide , " the article signed by al-Awlaki continued . Al-Awlaki is himself being sought in Yemen for his alleged role as a planner of the failed bombing of a Detroit-bound passenger plane on Christmas Day last year . Norris has been advised to take precautions to ensure her safety , said FBI Special Agent Marty Prewett . "  The FBI is always reviewing and assessing information it receives , " Prewett said . "  Whenever the FBI comes into possession of information of a threatening nature to an individual , we let that person know so they can take appropriate security measures . That is the case here . " Prewitt declined to comment on where Norris is and whether she is receiving protection from law enforcement . Al-Awlaki also threatened eight other cartoonists , journalists and writers from Britain , Sweden and Holland . Norris kicked off a controversy in April with a cartoon published online about an imaginary group called "  Citizens Against Citizens Against Humor " that proposed an "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " on May 20 . Norris said in media interviews at the time that she was inspired by the furor created from an episode of the show "  South Park " that depicted the Propeht Mohammed dressed in a bear suit . Comedy Central , which airs "  South Park , " aired an edited version of the episode after the show 's creators received threats . Norris ' cartoon inspired a campaign to create pictures of the Islamic prophet across the internet with over 100,000 people signing up on a Facebook page . A Pakistani court ordered access to Facebook there cut off for two weeks . Competing sites blasted the campaign also drew tens of thousands of followers . Many Muslims find drawings and other depitcions of the Prophet Mohammed to be deeply offensive . Norris said the consequences of the drawing were unintended . "  I was n't savvy , " the cartoonist said in an interview last month with City Arts Magazine , where many of her cartoons were published . "  I did n't mean for my satirical poster to be taken seriously . It became kind of an excuse for people to hate or be mean-spirited . I 'm not-mean spirited , " Norris said . An editor at City Arts said neither the magazine nor Norris had any comment on the death threats against her . Adam Raisman , a senior analyst for the Site Intelligence Group , which monitors Islamic terror groups online communications , said al-Awlaki 's threats constituted a continued effort to reach a wider audience and should not be taken lightly . "  The prophet is the pinnacle of Jihad -LSB- for al-Awlaki and his followers -RSB- , " he said . "  It is better to support the prophet by attacking those who slander him than it is to travel to land of Jihad like Iraq or Afghanistan . " In February an ax-wielding man broke into the home of Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard who has been targeted by extremists for his drawing of Mohammed . He and his grandaughter hid in a fortified "  panic room " during the attack .	Cartoonist Molly Norris began a controversy with an online cartoon in April She proposed "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " Many Muslims find depictions of the Prophet Mohammed to be deeply offensive The FBI says Norris has been warned about death threats
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter has told CNN he believes there is no on-field racism in football and that players who think they have been abused should simply say "  this is a game . " The head of world soccer insisted FIFA had been tireless in their efforts to combat the specter of racism in football but suggested any player who is abused during a game should shake hands with their opponent upon the final whistle and move on . The football authorities in England are currently dealing with two high-profile allegations of player-on-player racism , involving Chelsea and England captain John Terry and Liverpool 's Uruguayan striker Luis Suarez . Both players deny the claims . When asked by CNN World Sport anchor Pedro Pinto if racism exists on the field of play Blatter said : "  I would deny it . Blatter comments spark Twitter fury "  There is no racism , there is maybe one of the players towards the other , he has a word or a gesture which is not the correct one , but also the one who is affected by that , he should say it 's a game , we are in a game . "  At the end of the game , we shake hands , this can happen , because we have worked so hard against racism and discrimination . " This year has also seen allegations of high-profile racism by fans . Former Brazil defender Robert Carlos walked off the pitch during a Russian league match after a banana was thrown at him from the stands , while the Malaysian Football Association was forced to apologize to Chelsea in July when their Israeli midfielder Yossi Benayoun was subject to racial slurs during a pre-season encounter . CNN Blog : How should football tackle racism ? On Wednesday the English Football Association  FA  announced they had charged Liverpool player Suarez over a clash with Manchester United 's Patrice Evra during an English Premier League match in October . Evra alleged the Uruguayan had aimed racial taunts at him -- a claim Suarez denies . In a statement on their official web site the FA said Suarez is alleged to have used abusive language towards his opponent , including "  a reference to the ethnic origin and/or color and/or race " of Evra . London 's Metropolitan Police is investigating allegations that Terry racially abused Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand during an English Premier League match last month . Terry denies the allegations . In his interview with CNN , Blatter , who was re-elected unopposed as the head of world football despite allegations of corruption surrounding the voting process for the right to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , championed his organization 's commitment to tackling racism . "  I think the whole world is aware of the efforts we are making against racism and discrimination , " he added . "  And , on the field of play sometimes you say something that is not very correct , but then at the end of the game , the game is over and you have the next game where you can behave better . " Blatter 's comments provoked an immediate response within soccer . Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand , brother of Anton , took to Twitter to say : "  Tell me I have just read Sepp Blatter 's comments on racism in football wrong ... . if not then I am astonished . "  I feel stupid for thinking that football was taking a leading role against racism ... . it seems it was just on mute for a while . " The ` Kick It Out ' campaign , who work to eradicate racism from football in England and Europe , said Blatter 's comments were "  worryingly out of touch . " A statement from Blatter was later posted on FIFA 's official web site , in which he sought to clarify his comments . It read : "  I would like to make it very clear , I am committed to the fight against racism and any type of discrimination in football and in society . "  My comments have been misunderstood . What I wanted to express is that , as football players , during a match , you have "  battles " with your opponents , and sometimes things are done which are wrong . "  But , normally , at the end of the match , you apologize to your opponent if you had a confrontation during the match , you shake hands , and when the game is over , it is over . Anyone who has played a football match , or a match in any sport , knows that this is the case . "  Having said that , I want to stress again that I do not want to diminish the dimension of the problem of racism in society and in sport . I am committed to fighting this plague and kicking it out of football . "	Sepp Blatter tells CNN World Sport 's Pedro Pinto there is no on-field racism in football FIFA president says players who are abused during a match should say "  it 's a game " Two high-profile cases involving racism allegations being dealt with in English game Blatter underlines the work his organization has done to combat racism
CNN  -- The best and worst thing about San Diego Comic-Con , the four-day mashup of geek and mainstream pop culture , is that the schedule is such an embarrassment of riches . What was once a haven for lovers of comics has expanded into a heaven for entertainment fans of all stripes , and this year 's Comic-Con is no different . Starting Wednesday through Sunday , July 21 , the San Diego Convention Center will be flooded with well over 100,000 attendees as they shuffle between panels promising exclusive previews and answers to fans ' burning questions . But unless the goal is to not sleep for four days -- which it might be for some -- having a plan of attack is crucial . Even a Con-goer flying high off a rush of adrenaline , caffeine and Joss Whedon sightings needs to prioritize . It was difficult , but we 've narrowed down the wealth of SDCC to 15 events that we 're the most excited to see . That 's not to say there is n't plenty more to take in , as we also have our eyes peeled for "  Kick-Ass 2 " ; "  The Big Bang Theory " ; J.J. Abrams ' new Fox pilot , "  Almost Human " ; "  The Walking Dead " ; "  True Blood " ; and the first and only appearance of the "  How I Met Your Mother " cast . But if you need a starting point , here are 15 events to highlight : ` The X-Files ' 20th Anniversary Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny are staging an "  X-Files " reunion at Comic-Con this year , marking the 20th anniversary since they first partnered as Agents Scully and Mulder on Fox 's prime-time sci-fi series . Writer-producers like David Amann , Vince Gilligan and Howard Gordon , plus creator Chris Carter , will be here as well . ` Ender 's Game ' and ` Divergent ' Summit Entertainment brought the "  Twilight " masses to Comic-Con in the past , but this year they 're arriving with fresh -- and pretty prestigious -- meat . Harrison Ford will join his "  Ender 's Game " co-stars Asa Butterfield , Hailee Steinfeld and Abigail Breslin for a Q&A with fans , who 'll also get to see new footage of the November release . This panel will also offer a glimpse at another fan favorite adaptation , "  Divergent . " Author Veronica Roth , whose best-selling young adult novel has spawned a series and a massive following , will be here to take fan questions , along with the movie 's stars , Shailene Woodley , Theo James , Miles Teller , Mekhi Phifer , and Maggie Q , among others . ` Dexter ' The stars of Showtime 's "  Dexter " will convene in Convention Hall H for one last Comic-Con appearance . Michael C. Hall , Jennifer Carpenter , David Zayas and James Remar will join the series ' executive producers to take fan questions about the eighth and final season , which began in June . ` Veronica Mars ' The Kickstarter-funded "  Veronica Mars " movie just began filming , but Rob Thomas and the "  Mars " crew already have some fun stuff to share with fans . Several of the cast members will be here , including Kristen Bell , Francis Capra , Enrico Colantoni , Percy Daggs III , Jason Dohring , Ryan Hansen , Chris Lowell , Tina Majorino and Krysten Ritter , plus Thomas . Fans who get into this chat will get to ask questions , learn details about the production and see footage from the film . ` Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. ' The only glitch for "  Walking Dead " fans is that the show 's panel overlaps with the first look at Joss Whedon 's upcoming ABC series , "  Marvel 's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. " We 've had a small taste of what 's to come with a trailer , but additional "  top secret information " plus surprise guests are on the bill for the Comic-Con panel . ` Game of Thrones ' Fans will have an opportunity to get the scoop on the fourth season , which will begin filming this summer . Expect to see Emilia Clarke , Nikolaj Coster-Waldau , Peter Dinklage , Kit Harington and more . ` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 ' Sony and Screen Gems are rolling out previews of four upcoming films , not the least of which is Marc Webb 's "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . " With Jamie Foxx joining Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone in the sequel -- in which the Oscar winner takes on the role of the villainous Electro -- we ca n't wait to see what sneak peeks will come out of Comic-Con . The other Sony-Screen Gems previews are "  Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2 , " "  The Mortal Instruments : City of Bones , " and the remake of "  RoboCop " -- with Samuel L. Jackson , Joel Kinnaman and Abbie Cornish . ` Orphan Black ' If you 've yet to become acquainted with the name Tatiana Maslany , now would be the time to do so -- especially ahead of awards season . The star of BBC America 's "  Orphan Black " is raking in the critical acclaim . Fans who are taken with this suspenseful series , about an orphan  Maslany  who takes on the identity of her look-alike after witnessing the woman 's suicide , will get to ask questions about the addictive first season . ` Godzilla , ' ' 300 : Rise of an Empire , ' ` Gravity ' Warner Bros. ' panel will feature Jeff Bridges ' "  Seventh Son " ; "  The LEGO Movie " ; "  300 : Rise of an Empire " ; the George Clooney and Sandra Bullock space thriller "  Gravity " ; and a do-not-skip preview of Gareth Edwards ' "  Godzilla . " ` The Hunger Games : Catching Fire ' This panel will also put a spotlight on Aaron Eckhart and Yvonne Strahovski in "  I , Frankenstein , " but we 're betting all eyes will be trained on what 's in store for "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire . " It 'll be the first time the franchise appears at Comic-Con , and fans can anticipate a look at new scenes , plus a Q&A . ` The Wolverine , ' ` Dawn of the Planet of the Apes ' We know that 20th Century Fox is going to feature "  The Wolverine " and "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes , " but we 're more curious if the crew from "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " will be there as well . Going to the Con ? Share your mini-interviews of interesting people and you could see them on CNN ` Thor : The Dark World , ' ` Captain America : The Winter Soldier ' Marvel Studios head Kevin Feige is going to satisfy the fandom 's thirst for glimpses of this year 's "  Thor : The Dark World " and 2014 's "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier . " "  Surprise " special guests are in store , so our fingers are crossed for double Chris action : "  Thor 's " Chris Hemsworth and "  Captain America 's " Chris Evans . ` Breaking Bad ' Along with "  Dexter , " Comic-Con is also giving AMC 's "  Breaking Bad " one final panel in honor of its last season . Bryan Cranston , Aaron Paul , Anna Gunn and more stars will join creator Vince Gilligan to talk about filming those final eight episodes . There 'll be an opportunity to ask questions , of course , and fans will get to see a sneak peek at the final episodes of season 5 ahead of the August 11 premiere . 50th anniversary of ` Doctor Who ' Matt Smith is no longer "  Doctor Who , " but he will be at Comic-Con to celebrate the 50th anniversary special with Jenna Coleman , David Bradley , Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat . It 's unlikely that we 'll also learn who the new "  Doctor " will be , but we can hope . ` Community ' : Celebrating the fans Given that it 's the fandom that has truly held "  Community " afloat on NBC for the past four seasons , we appreciate that the fans are getting their due this year -- even if it 's only in the panel title . Gillian Jacobs , Danny Pudi , Yvette Nicole Brown , Alison Brie , Jim Rash and Ken Jeong will be at the panel , along with reinstated executive producer Dan Harmon . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	San Diego Comic-Con has become a must for pop culture fans of all stripes This year 's schedule is packed with sneak peeks at movies and TV shows Ca n't - miss panels include "  Hunger Games , " "  Spider-Man , " "  Big Bang Theory "
CNN  -- Three runners died Sunday during the Detroit Free Press/Flagstar Marathon in Detroit , Michigan , police told CNN . An EMT vehicle is at the scene Sunday in Detroit after three runners collapsed at a marathon . All three deaths occurred between 9 and 9:20 a.m. ET , Second Deputy Chief John Roach said . A man in his 60s fell and hit his head , Roach said . The cause of the fall was unknown . The man was transported to Detroit Receiving Hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Two other men , ages 36 and 26 , also collapsed during the race and were pronounced dead at the hospital , Roach said . All three collapsed near the end of the race , he said . Witnesses describe scene " The weather at the time was overcast , Roach said , with temperatures in the low 40s . CNN 's Chuck Johnston contributed to this report .	Second Deputy Chief John Roach : All three deaths occurred between 9 and 9:20 a.m. Man in his 60s fell hit his head ; Two men others , ages 36 and 26 , collapsed Race was Detroit Free Press/Flagstar Marathon in Detroit , Michigan
CNN  -- Authorities in Chandler , Arizona , said they believe the gunman who held hostages at a restaurant is the same man who fled into a mall after opening fire on members of a crime task force . The man who surrendered at the Baja Fresh restaurant is not the federal fugitive that U.S. marshals thought they might have spotted earlier outside the Chandler Fashion Center , said Police Sgt. Joe Favazzo . After a thorough police sweep , the mall reopened later Wednesday , Detective David Ramer said . "  We believe there is only one suspect here , " Favazzo said . A woman who fled the restaurant , which is near the mall , told CNN she witnessed the man , who police later identified as Adam Hernandez , being taken into custody . Baja Fresh customer Leyda Schultz told CNN that a gunman held at least two employees after ordering customers to leave . Schultz said she witnessed the man being taken into custody shortly before 2 p.m. Favazzo said it was not clear whether the two were patrons or employees . The gunman apparently fired warning shots at the restaurant . Marshals and other members of a task force had confronted a suspect outside the Sears store on the west side of Chandler Fashion Center , said Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman Robert Bailey . The suspect opened fire , and officers returned it , Bailey said . The suspect was being sought in an armed robbery , Chandler police said . The suspect entered the Sears , and the mall was evacuated and surrounded , Bailey said . A hostage situation was reported about 12:30 p.m. at the nearby Baja Fresh , he said . Favazzo said officers lost sight of the suspect in the mall . Marshals earlier Wednesday said the suspect seen at the mall may be fugitive Daniel Munoz Perez , who was mistakenly released last month . Marshals were trailing a vehicle known to be driven in the past by Perez , Jeff Carter with the U.S. Marshals said . When the suspect -- later determined to be Hernandez -- opened fire outside the mall , it seemed to confirm suspicions that they were following Perez . Carter said the men looked alike and called it a case of "  misidentification . " Perez is being sought for aggravated assault for allegedly shooting at a police officer in December , authorities said . According to U.S. Marshal David Gonzales , Perez was released from the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office on December 16 . The U.S. Marshals Service has been looking for him since . Perez is accused of shooting at Arizona Department of Public Safety officers December 11 outside a home in Casa Grande , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . Perez , 25 , was injured by gunfire in the shootout with the public safety officers , according to KPHO . He was admitted to a Phoenix hospital and was later held in another county 's jail before being turned over to Pinal County , KPHO said . But the Pinal County Sheriff 's Office said it never received the charging paperwork for Perez , and he bonded out on an misdemeanor warrant . The bond was $ 320 , KPHO said .	Chandler Fashion Center reopens after police sweep Police identify suspect in hostage-taking incident as Adam Hernandez Authorities believe restaurant gunman , man who fled to mall are the same person Suspect is not federal fugitive Daniel Munoz Perez as previously thought , police say
Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud -- once charged by the United States for his alleged involvement in a deadly 2009 attack on a U.S. military base in Afghanistan -- was killed in a drone strike in northwestern Pakistan on Friday , senior U.S. and Pakistani officials told CNN . Three other people were killed in the strike , Pakistani intelligence sources and tribal officials said , describing the incident as a suspected U.S. drone strike in a remote area of Pakistan 's Waziristan region , a Taliban stronghold bordering Afghanistan . One missile hit a compound , and another struck a car nearby , the Pakistani sources said . The government of Pakistan issued a statement through its foreign ministry saying it "  strongly condems the U.S. drone strike " in Waziristan . The statement made no mention of Mehsud , and it was not clear whether the ministry knew of reports that he had been killed when the statement was released . "  The Government of Pakistan has consistently maintained that drone strikes are counter-productive , entail loss of innocent civilian lives and have human rights and humanitarian implications , " the statement said . Mehsud was buried , though the body was unrecognizable , Taliban sources said . The organization was scheduled to meet Saturday to pick a new leader , the sources said . This is not the first time Mehsud -- who took the reins of the Pakistani Taliban in 2009 -- has been reported killed after a drone strike . In February 2010 , multiple sources said he had died after being hit in a drone strike in Pakistan a month earlier . But reports that he was alive surfaced in April of that year , and in May 2010 he appeared in a video vowing attacks on major U.S. cities . The Pakistani Taliban , which has long been conducting an insurgency against the Pakistani government , claimed responsibility for a December 2009 suicide bombing at the United States ' Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan . The attack killed seven U.S. citizens , including five CIA officers , and a member of Jordanian intelligence . The U.S. Justice Department charged Mehsud in the summer of 2010 for his alleged involvement in the attack , and U.S. officials offered a $ 5 million reward for information leading to his capture . The group also claimed responsibility for a failed May 2010 attempt to detonate a car bomb in New York 's Times Square . The following September , the U.S. State Department designated the Pakistani Taliban a foreign terrorist organization . Mehsud took over from Baitullah Mehsud , a fellow clan member , in 2009 after the latter was killed in a U.S. drone strike . Elsewhere Friday , armed militants killed six Shiite Muslims in Pakistan 's volatile Balochistan province , an incident suspected to be "  sectarian terrorism , " police said . A seventh person was injured . Four gunmen on two motorcycles opened fire at a vehicle carrying seven Shiite Hazaras in Bolan district , police official Ghullam Hussain said . The shooting was indiscriminate , Hussain said . Three of the victims died at the scene and three more on the way to the hospital . "  The incident seems to be a sectarian terrorism , " he said . The attackers sped away after the attack . There has been no claim of responsibility .	Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike , officials say Sources : Three other people killed in strike in northwestern Pakistan Gunmen also opened fire on a vehicle , killing six Police suspect it was a case of sectarian violence
CNN  -- The trial is being held under strict security measures . The defendant was transported to the courthouse compound in a military convoy . Because he is a minor , the public is not allowed inside the courtroom in Cuernavaca , Mexico . Only the judge , defense and prosecution attorneys , family members , and a human rights observer are allowed inside . The defendant , known as "  El Ponchis "  "  The Cloak "  is an American citizen who is 14 years old . A video provided to CNN by the Mexican military shows the San Diego native after he was captured near Mexico City in December , as he allegedly was trying to flee . In an on-camera interrogation by Mexican military authorities , the youth admitted to brutally killing people -- the victims all were beheaded . The video shows a military interrogator asking the slim teenager with curly hair several questions . "  How many have you killed ? " he asks . "  Four , " responds the accused , who seems calm and collected . "  How did you execute them ? " "  I slit their throats . " A YouTube video that circulated last year purportedly showed the teenager beating a man with a two-by-four while the man was tied at the wrists and hanging from the ceiling , as other young people watched . Juan Carlos Castro , a spokesman for the juvenile court holding the trial , says the charges against the teenager go well beyond what he admitted on video . "  This teenager is accused by the state attorney 's anti-drug unit of crimes related to drug trafficking -- specifically cocaine and marijuana -- illegal possession of military weapons , and violations against federal organized crime law with the objective of committing kidnappings and aggravated murder , " Castro said . Raul Diaz Garcia , the state human rights commissioner for Morelos state , where Cuernavaca is located , is attending the trial . Diaz said he had an opportunity to speak with the defendant . "  He seemed coherent and looks clean . He spoke with us without any trouble and was smiling . We told him that we were there in case he had any questions  about his rights  , " Diaz said . "  El Ponchis " is not the only minor in Mexico allegedly involved with drug cartels . Social media pictures have surfaced in the last year showing teenagers and young men holding high-caliber assault weapons and wearing masks . Six youths were captured in October in a town about 30 miles south of Mexico City . Graffiti in the house where they were hiding linked them to the so-called South Pacific Cartel , a splinter group that formed after cartel leader and drug lord Arturo Beltran Leyva was killed in a shootout with the Mexican military in December of 2009 . Veronica Morales , the director of the Mexican Network for the Rights of Children , said that unfortunately this is not an isolated case . "  According to academic studies , around 30,000 children and adolescents are currently involved or may be involved in organized crime , " Morales says . If found guilty , "  El Ponchis " faces a sentence of three years in a correctional facility , the maximum allowed under Mexican law because of his age . There will be about 60 witnesses testifying at the trial , which is expected to last about three weeks . A juvenile judge will determine guilt and decide on a sentence after hearing all the testimony and arguments by the prosecution and defense . There is no trial by jury in Mexico . Christian Fragoso , a criminal defense attorney familiar with the case , says that even if prosecutors can prove a long criminal history , they will be restricted by current criminal juvenile law . "  Only those crimes committed after reaching the age of 14 can be taken into account . He can not be found guilty or sentenced for anything he did before , " Fragoso says . "  El Ponchis " has been held at a state correctional facility in Cuernavaca since he was captured last December . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis in Mexico City contributed to this report .	In a video , the 14-year-old defendant tells an interrogator he has killed four people "  I slit their throats , " the American-born teenager says A children 's rights activist in Mexico says as many as 30,000 youths may be in organized crime
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate on Monday opened what is expected to be a lengthy and rancorous debate on a sweeping bill to overhaul the nation 's health care system . In statements laced with heated and conflicting rhetoric , Senate Democrats and Republicans outlined opposing positions on the 2,074-page Democratic measure that would provide health insurance to an additional 31 million people at a cost of almost $ 850 billion . Democrats led by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada framed the debate as historic and said the bill would provide vital health insurance for almost all Americans , hold down spiraling costs that threaten the U.S. economy and instill needed reforms to ensure the long-term solvency of the government-run Medicare health program for senior citizens . "  In the greatest country on Earth , no American should die simply because they do n't have health insurance , " said Sen. Max Baucus of Montana , one of the bill 's architects , while Reid said the bill "  saves money , saves lives and saves Medicare . " Republicans countered that the bill was too big , too expensive and would cause more harm than good . Sen. John McCain of Arizona called it a "  sham " and a "  2,074-page monstrosity full of measures that would impair the abilities , particularly of our senior citizens , to keep the benefits they 've been promised . " McCain immediately proposed sending the bill back to committee to remove all provisions intended to bring down the costs of Medicare . He cited proposed cuts to Medicare , including $ 118 billion in subsidies provided to private insurers for Medicare Advantage -- an enhanced benefits program for senior citizens . "  There is no math , old or new , that gets you to no change in the benefits they have under Medicare Advantage and yet cuts $ 120 billion , " McCain said . A vote on McCain 's proposal was likely on Tuesday . The House has passed its version of a health care bill , and if the Senate passes its bill , the two measures would be merged by a congressional conference committee . Both chambers then would have to approve the revised bill before it could go to President Obama 's desk . On Monday , debate quickly bogged down in Republican procedural objections , causing Reid to lament : "  This is not a good way to start this debate . " Republican Sen. Mike Enzi of Wyoming challenged a motion by Reid that he said would unfairly cut off the proposal of amendments , including McCain 's planned Republican amendment to prevent cuts to Medicare . While Reid 's motion failed , Enzi labeled it a stunt . So far , Republicans unanimously oppose the health care bill . The Senate voted 60-39 to launch debate on the measure , overcoming a Republican filibuster through support from every member of the Democratic caucus . Reid also will need 60 votes to eventually close the debate , and his ability to secure that support remains uncertain . The debate will feature amendments intended to delete or change controversial provisions , including creation of a government-run public health insurance option to compete against private insurers , tax increases and provisions intended to prevent federal tax dollars from paying for abortion except in cases of rape , incest or danger to the mother 's life . For the most part , battle lines are clearly drawn . Liberal-minded senators such as Bernie Sanders of Vermont , an independent who sits with the Democratic caucus , favor a public option as the best way to force competition on private insurers to bring down costs , while fiscally conservative Democrats such as Nebraska 's Ben Nelson are concerned about the cost and scope of a government-run alternative . Nelson has said he would join a Republican filibuster against closing debate on the bill if it retains the current public option provision , which allows states to opt out of a national plan . Another Democratic caucus member , independent Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , says he also will prevent a final vote if the bill contains any form of public option . On the Republican side , none of the 40 senators supports a public option , but one -- moderate Olympia Snowe of Maine -- has discussed a trigger mechanism that would automatically bring a public option if thresholds for expanded coverage and lower costs go unmet . The trigger idea is considered the lone chance of a compromise that could gain the support of any Republicans . For Democrats , each vote is crucial . Overcoming a filibuster requires support every member of the Democratic caucus , so if Lieberman or others oppose a public option , Reid would need a GOP senator to switch sides on the bill . Senate Democrats concede that some changes are necessary to get the health care bill passed . They contend their comprehensive approach is necessary to reform a system in which higher costs are draining the national economy and harming businesses and individuals . Republicans call for an incremental approach that they say would reduce the costs of health care without needing to create bureaucracies and raise taxes in a huge overhaul . Other risky issues for Senate Democrats include abortion and tax increases to pay for health care reform . The bill includes tax increases aimed at those earning more than $ 200,000 a year and insurers providing so-called "  Cadillac " health plans worth more than $ 8,500 a year for individuals or $ 23,000 for families . It also would set a 5 percent tax on elective cosmetic surgery . In contrast , a separate health care bill narrowly passed by the House of Representatives earlier this month includes an income tax surcharge on individuals earning more than $ 500,000 a year and couples making more than $ 1 million . Republicans say any tax increase is bad in a struggling economy because it hinders growth and gets passed on to consumers , while Democrats argue the bill 's tax provisions would n't hit the lower or middle class and would create incentive for private insurers to lower the cost of policies . However , a key Democratic constituency -- organized labor -- opposes taxing the "  Cadillac " health plans negotiated for workers in lieu of wage increases . On abortion , the House bill has more restrictive language regarding the use of federal funding , and some Senate Democrats say they oppose adding it to their chamber 's proposal . According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office , the Senate health care bill would reduce the federal deficit by about $ 130 billion over the next 10 years , through 2019 . Any effect on the deficit in the following decade would be "  subject to substantial uncertainty , " but probably would result in "  small reductions in federal budget deficits , " the budget office report said . It also reported that health insurance premiums would remain roughly the same for most people , with costs for lower-income Americans reduced due to subsidies under the plan . According to the budget office , more than 80 percent of Americans would remain in employer-based health plans . Both the Senate and House bills would require individuals to buy health insurance , with penalties for noncompliance . Unlike the House version , the Senate bill does not mandate that all employers offer health care . The two bills are virtually identical on a broad range of changes , including creating health insurance exchanges , expanding Medicaid , subsidizing insurance for low - and some middle-income families , and capping out-of-pocket medical expenses , while preventing insurance companies from denying coverage for pre-existing conditions . CNN 's Ted Barrett , Alan Silverleib and Tom Cohen contributed to this report	Process quickly gets caught up in procedural objections from GOP Wyoming senator protests proposal over amendments to bill Republicans , Democrats continue to square off over Medicare House has already passed health care bill that differs with Senate bill
CNN  -- I made my debut for South Africa at the age of 21 . It was a very special day in my life being able to represent my country , but unfortunately it ended after seven minutes when I tore a ligament in my knee . It was n't a great start to my international career , although I returned after nine months of rehabilitation . The most challenging part of rugby , I would say , without a shadow of a doubt , is the injuries -- and I 've had a few in my career . While you are going through it you do n't always see the light at the end of the tunnel , but I 've grown a lot as a person and become closer to my family and friends . A lot of the time you blame everyone for what happened to you but you just need to take it on the chin and work harder to get back to the top . I was pretty lucky when I grew up that I went to quite a good rugby school . I think the coaches I had were very good and they played a big part in my development as a rugby player . I think the 1995 World Cup final was probably one of the best days in South African history  it was the first major sporting event to take place in South Africa after the end of apartheid and South Africa won  . It has got such a big part to play in uniting the nation and was definitely the best day that we 've had as a rainbow nation since 1992  when white South Africans voted to end apartheid  . Read related : Wheelchair warrior in the world of ` murderball ' I grew up in Paarl  a small town in South Africa 's Western Cape province  and I remember running in the streets with the national flag and seeing everyone outside and  car horns  hooting . It was a fantastic day . It showed what sport can do to unify a nation -- and definitely what rugby can do in South Africa . When South Africa won the World Cup in 2007 , it was a bit different for me because I got injured in the first game -- and ruptured my bicep . Even though I was part of the team and got my gold medal for winning , it was a bit of an empty feeling . I never really felt that I deserved it , but that was a great day ,  especially  when the team arrived back in South Africa to see the faces of millions of South Africans . I think that 's the pleasure you get from playing rugby -- to see the difference that you can make in the lives of others . I met Nelson Mandela and took a photo with him and the William Webb Ellis Cup  awarded to the winner of the Rugby World Cup  when we won it in 2007 . That was very special . He is an unbelievable person and I was very fortunate to meet him . He has a great love of rugby . It was funny , a couple of times he came to our games . Let 's say of the five or six times he came , we played unbelievably well and won all of those games . He 's just got that aura to get the best out of any person . Read related : Boxing 's first female Olympic gold medalist : ' I thought I could n't continue ' My role on the pitch is taking the decisions , making sure I handle the referee in a good way and making sure I get the message across to the team . When I feel some of the calls are going against us my role is to be able to have a talk to the referee to get a feel for where we 're at and what we need to change -- maybe put a little bit more pressure on him to get the calls to go our way . Playing under South Africa 's first black coach  Peter de Villiers  was good for me . I played under him in the Under-19 team . He was a different coach , he had different methods and I think a lot of the time he was misunderstood . But I think it was great for South Africa to have him there and he did a good job . It 's difficult to single out one guy who is my toughest opponent , but because I 've been playing for 10 years , I would say a combination of Tana Umaga , Stirling Mortlock , Brian O'Driscoll and more recently Sonny Bill Williams and Ma'a Nonu -- it 's always a great challenge playing against those guys . Read related : ` Lucky ' F1 driver lost both legs and triumphed with Paralympic gold I 'm quite proud to say that I 'm the most capped Springbok center in the history of the game and I hold the record for the most-capped center pairing in Bok rugby with my friend Jaque Fourie , so that 's a unique record , something that I 'm very proud of and also being the 54th captain of my country is quite special as well . These Autumn Internationals  the current series of three Test matches against Ireland , Scotland and England  are very important games for us to get a feeling as to the conditions we 'll be playing in in 2015 for the World Cup . We started this year with a new coach , a new captain and a lot of new players so for us it 's just about rebuilding a team and growing .	In 2002 , De Villiers suffered a major knee injury seven minutes into his international debut He was part of the team which won the 2007 Rugby World Cup but tore his bicep during the opening game De Villiers was named South African Rugby Player of the Year and Players ' Player of the Year in 2008 The 31-year-old is now the most capped Springbok center in the history of the game
CNN  -- In the game of chess , one woman has dominated all others for more than 20 years . Judit Polgar has defeated nine world champions including Garry Kasparov , Boris Spassky and Viswanathan Anand , and is the only female ever to join an exclusive coterie of players rated above 2700 by the World Chess Federation . Although she is the only woman ranked among the World Chess Federation 's Top 100 , Polgar has never won the Women 's World Championship . By 14 , she had so outstripped her female peers that she ceased competing in women 's tournaments . "  I have no problem with other women , " she said , "  but if I had played against ladies there would be a huge gap between the two of us . " "  I played against men because it was challenging , it was interesting , and I felt I could improve the fastest and the best  against them  . It 's very important to know what your aims and ambitions are . " In chess , women 's tournaments are only open to females , but women may compete in tournaments for men . It was Polgar 's older sister Susan who broke this gender barrier , becoming the first woman to qualify for the men 's world championship in 1986 , and the first woman to earn a men 's grandmaster title in 1991 . Younger sister , Sofia , is an International Chess Master , too . The family 's success ignited an ongoing debate about whether genius is born or created , the sexual politics of professional sport , and the value of mixed gender competition . After Polgar became a mother in 2004 , she posed another challenge to the establishment : She did n't retire . Currently ranked 44th in the world with a rating of 2698 , and a mother of two , Polgar is competing at the Chess Olympiad , which begins in Istanbul this week , and in the London Chess Classic in December . Hothoused in chess By the time she was five , Judit could beat her father at chess . She and her sisters were home schooled as part of an educational experiment by their father , Laszlo , who believed any child could excel at an early age if given the right schooling . Besides learning Esperanto , they were hothoused in the game of chess . More from Leading Women : Late comic Phyllis Diller 's funniest gags Judit played her first international tournament aged nine , winning the New York Open . "  It was a special feeling , you can imagine , for a nine-year-old girl to beat an adult , or even to be in competition , " she said . Aged 11 , she beat her first grandmaster , and became one herself in 1991 , at the age of 15 -- relieving American Bobby Fischer of his record as the youngest-ever grandmaster . Polgar 's father firmly believed that , since chess is a purely mental competition , women ought to be able to perform at the same level as men . By the time she was 14 , Polgar had so outstripped her female peers that she saw little point in competing in women 's tournaments . "  I played against men most of my life because our goal was that I wanted to reach the highest potential to be an absolute world champion , " she said . "  There was a very big difference , even bigger than now , between the best male and the best female players in chess . "  My father believed that the higher you put your goal , the higher you reach . That was the main reason me and my sisters were playing mostly against male competitors . " Tigress at the board It might not have been Polgar 's explicit intention to challenge male domination in chess -- but a challenge was nevertheless perceived . Media attention focused heavily on the spectacle of a young girl competing against men sometimes four decades her senior . More from Leading Women : The brains behind the most viral ad ever No great chess player ever likes to lose , but losing to a girl was seen as particularly humiliating . When Polgar won the Boys Under 14 section of the World Youth Chess Festival in 1990 , one columnist wrote approvingly that it was easy to forget that Polgar was " just a girl . " But by 2001 , the New York Times reported that , "  In the highly masculine world of top-level chess , it is no disgrace to lose to Judit Polgar ... In person , Miss Polgar gives no hint that she is a tigress at the chessboard . She is soft-spoken , modest and very feminine ... " Today , Polgar says that , if it was strange for chess pundits to see a young girl catapulted to the top , it was strange for her too . "  There was a point when it was a bit much for me , and I could n't handle the journalists ' questions and all the fuss about my results ... I had to realize that I was a role model for other girls and their parents -- they wanted them to follow in my footsteps . But I focused on chess , " Polgar said . "  I did n't think about other things . " In 2002 , Polgar finally defeated Garry Kasparov , who had previously described her as "  talented but not greatly talented , " explaining that "  women by their nature are not exceptional chess players ... not great fighters , " in a 1990 interview with The New York Times . But in a game Polgar described as "  one of the most remarkable moments " of her career , she won in 42 moves . Kasparov later credited the Polgars ' career success in a chapter on anti-complacency tactics in his book , "  How Life Imitates Chess . " "  By seeking out and often besting the toughest competition , " he wrote , "  the Polgars showed that there are no inherent limitations to their aptitude -- an idea that many male players refused to accept until they had unceremoniously been crushed by a twelve-year-old with a ponytail . " In 2003 , Polgar enjoyed one of her best results . At a tournament in the Netherlands , she finished half a point behind current World Champion Viswanathan Anand , a point ahead of Vladimir Kramnik  who Polgar has yet to beat  , and beat Karpov . The following year , her son Oliver was born , and she took time out from chess . In 2005 , she competed in two tournaments which brought her to her highest spot on the rankings board -- world number eight . Things fall apart "  Being professional means 100 % is not enough , " she said . "  Number one , two and three in my life was chess . The reality for women is , when a child comes into the picture , priorities change . " More from Leading Women : At last , it 's Zaha Hadid 's time to shine After her daughter was born in 2006 , Polgar says , "  things in my career dropped , pretty much . Not only my rating points but I was not happy with the way I was playing . " Her ranking dropped from 10th to 50th in the world and in 2008 she finished last in the World Chess Blitz Championship . "  Everything really kind of fell apart , " she told Chess magazine , "  even though I have had help with my children from day one from grandparents and nannies . "  First of all , my priorities in life and in my mind definitely changed . I did n't have the same interest in chess as I had before . " As she reveals in an upcoming book , "  How I Beat Fischer 's Record " it was n't until she played an opening gambit that had been a childhood favorite  the King 's Gambit  against the eventual winner of the 2009 World Cup , that she felt like devoting herself to chess again . "  It felt like for a moment the Judit from 1988 , who many  including myself  had forgotten , had come back to deliver her trademark brilliancies , " she wrote . Polgar has decided to continue with her professional career despite the juggling she now has to do . "  I 'm a maximalist and I like to do things in a maximal way , " she said . "  It 's extremely difficult to admit to myself that maybe I can not , because there are too many fields in my life that I 'm covering : Being a mother , being a wife , being a professional player , coordinating chess events and writing books . "  But  I started to play chess when I was five and ever since , I liked the game . And after all , I can still do things which give me a lot of pleasure . " "  When I got married , many of my colleagues thought my life was going to go in a different direction and I probably would n't care about my game anymore . Actually , it was the contrary . Somehow I became more balanced and my life became more complete . "	Polgar became the youngest ever grandmaster at 15 , taking title from Bobby Fischer She is the only women ranked in World Chess Federation 's top 100 players Birth of first child forced Polgar to reassess : "  Everything really fell apart " Now she balances professional chess with writing , motherhood and marriage
CNN  -- My earliest memory of ghost stories is borne in a rented cabin on Canandaigua Lake , in Upstate New York , where my family spent each summer . Our cabin was rumored to have been built on an Indian burial ground and haunted by spirits . To a young girl with a wild imagination such as mine , who wanted to be a writer at the age of 7 and who hauled around a blue plastic typewriter wherever she went , these stories made the cabin appealing , because I loved how brave I felt exploring the attic and basement , and more , the knowledge that my father was reading the paper in the next room , and that I could , at any point , race into his arms for a hug and have all my fears assuaged . On summer nights , my family sat around the radio and listened to a program that featured one ghost story each night . This is still my strongest childhood memory , the only time I recall the members of my family joined together , tied by the intimate chord . Ghost stories , ironically , made us feel closer to each other , if only for those few savored moments when we 'd share a quilt and perhaps a hand to squeeze . Tell us your town 's ghost stories Ghost stories appear in most cultures . There is a Seneca Indian ghost story about a fire-eating monster with no body , only a head , who snaked through Indian villages at night looking for small children to eat . This story was told to keep children from staying out late at night . Perhaps this was the point , also , of the most famous ghost story of my generation : the story of Derek , the monster boy who lived in the woods -- our woods , and any other woods where a camp happened to be . If memory serves me , the story ended with a melted skull . Everyone knew Derek and that he traveled around . At camp , we sat around a blazing fire on cold nights , bundled in our sleeping bags , mashed as close as we could get them , and steeped in woolen long underwear , the cold ground underneath . Our mouths were ajar , all clamoring for the story , begging our counselors to tell it . "  Tell Derek , Tell Derek ! " we 'd cry . It was a favorite because it was scary but predictable , something that life rarely is . No matter how many times we heard it , gripping each other 's hands tightly , the anticipation of Derek thrilled us . We knew that after the story ended , we would race back to our cabins , high on a rare sort of predictable terror , coveting an adolescent thrill . There was anticipation , drama , a predictable climax and our wild screams as the world of Derek faded from memory , and we 'd slip safely back into our bunks and tumble into closeness , our bodies falling onto each other , gripping each other 's arms and legs for dear life . We found safety and solace on those nights , if only until the next year until we returned to camp , and beg , of course , to hear the story of Derek once again . To revel in the closeness he allowed us , borne from his tragic life in the woods . Perhaps this is what we love most about ghost stories . They offer us a sense of control over terror , something unattainable in real life . Perhaps this is why we hang on to them , why we tell them to our children and our grandchildren . When we evolve from listener to storyteller , we become elevated in our children 's eyes as we remind them that yes , this is only a story as we watch the same reactions played out around the campfire and realize that though the faces have changed , the reactions are universal . Ghost stories fill us with fear and dread . But then they 're over , and we return to our comfortable lives . They help us to bond , become a haven , ride the lost rush of adrenaline and create memories on starry nights with those we love . Find out the 20 scariest movies of all time We retell ghost stories because we 're rarely alone when we 're listening or telling them . Stories of the dead and mutilated , it seems , will abate loneliness . Because there is no better feeling than tumbling into closeness after a good scare . For some of us , they are a journey to another place , and they allow us to exorcise the hidden demons and monsters in our own imaginations , to voice them , and maybe to overcome fears . Ghost stories give us perspective . They allow us to escape the everyday . Living the life of a zombie or existing like Derek in the lonely woods , those were REAL problems . Poor Derek , Jason and the rest of the lot , wandering the Earth , stuck in purgatory with an ax to grind , literally . Maybe our lives were n't so bad after all ? Years ago , during my nomadic 20s , my sister and I went camping in the White Mountains , just the two of us , to try to repair our strained relationship . We made a fire and told the ghost story of Derek . And after , both of us -- independent , stubborn , strong women bent on finding ourselves -- ran screaming back into our tent and clung to each other for dear life until we fell asleep . Today , we swear there was something lurking outside our tent for the next hour . I have the scars to prove it . She dug her nails into my arm so deeply , she drew blood . Why do we love ghost stories ? Because they 're a temporary sort of terror . They allow us to return to our world , however imperfect , and ultimately they make us feel better about our lives . They send us snuggling into the arms of the person , just moments before , who was perhaps full of flaws , who now feels like our greatest protector . Ironically , ghost stories take us on a journey of terror that ultimately leaves us feeling safer and less lonely than we had felt before .	Author Ilie Ruby remembers the thrills of hearing ghost stories around campfires The one about Derek , the monster boy who lived in the woods , was a favorite Ghost stories "  offer us a sense of control over terror , something unattainable in real life " They make us feel better about our lives , and fear drives us closer to people , Ruby says
CNN  -- Another week has passed for the world 's most popular sport . Another week of brawls , scandal and allegations of racist abuse which has left the football 's lawmakers grappling as to how best to tackle discrimination . On Tuesday , England 's Under-21 match with Serbia was overshadowed by ugly fighting and alleged racist chants directed at Danny Rose , an incident that led to calls from leading figures within the English game to ban the Balkan country from international football . Not that England could in any way claim the higher moral ground as two days later former England captain John Terry decided against appealing his four-match ban and $ 356,000 fine for racially abusing Anton Ferdinand . That punishment raised questions about the even handedness of the English Football Assocation given Liverpool striker Luis Suarez was banned for eight matches and fined $ 64,000 for comments he made to Manchester United 's Patrice Evra in October 2011 . Back in Switzerland on Thursday , European governing body UEFA decided to hand Lazio a $ 52,000 fine for racist chanting by their fans during a match with Tottenham Hotspur . It is against this backdrop of abuse , bans and fines that Reading striker Jason Roberts launched his own protest against what he perceives to be a lack of action by anti-racism group Kick It Out . On Saturday , before Reading 's match with Liverpool , the Grenadian striker will refuse to wear a t-shirt displaying the logo of the anti-racism organization . With the English seemingly fissuring over how best to tackle racism , former English Premier League striker Vincent Pericard questioned Roberts ' boycott and called for a united front in the continued fight against discrimination . "  If we are going to fight racism , we can only do it by being united , " said Pericard , who played in England 's top flight for Portsmouth having previously playing Italy and France . "  Having different parties will only give more power to the racists , which is n't what we want to achieve . " It is rumored other black players may follow Roberts ' lead , while Manchester City , Chelsea , Arsenal and Aston Villa confirmed their players will wear the t-shirts . "  I know that just wearing a t-shirt is not going to make a difference , without action nothing is going to happen , " continued Pericard . "  So I can agree with Jason Roberts , but one solution suggested by the Kick It Out chairman Herman Ouseley is for them to have more independence and more power , so they can have a bigger say . "  It is unfortunate we have had two very high-profile incidents , " added Pericard , referring to the cases involving Terry and Suarez , "  but I can speak from my own experience -- England is winning the battle against racism . " Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been unwavering in his support of his younger brother Anton , but his manager Alex Ferguson questioned Roberts ' planned action . "  I have to disagree with Jason Roberts . I think he is making the wrong point , " said the Scottish coach . "  Everyone should be united , with all the players in the country wearing the Kick It Out warm-up tops . "  I do n't know what point he is trying to make . I do n't know if he is trying to put himself on a different pedestal from everyone . But he really should be supporting all the rest of the players who are doing it . "  When you do something , and everyone believes in it , you should all do it together . There should n't be sheep wandering off . I think he is making the wrong message . All the players are wearing it . " Former Stoke City and Juventus player Pericard outlined how a lot of the efforts made by organizations like Kick It Out have slipped under the radar . "  We have seen firsthand the amount of work they are doing behind the scenes at the moment , " continued the 30-year-old , who runs a company which aims to help integrate foreign players who move to England . "  They are listening to what is being said by different black players and I can guarantee a lot is being doing done at the moment , " added Pericard , who retired earlier this year after a playing career which included spells with Juventus and Stoke City . "  They promote education , mentoring , inclusion and equality across different cultures . I have been talking to them about improving the integration of foreign players into a country and providing them a level of support . " The t-shirt gesture that Roberts is not going to participate in is part of Kick It Out 's annual awareness raising drive which is aimed at highlighting the work it has done to rid football of discrimination . UEFA and Kick It Out 's fellow anti-racism group Football Against Racism in Europe will also use the European Champions League and Europa League matches on Tuesday , Wednesday and Thursday to spread a message of tolerance and unity .	Reading 's Jason Roberts will refuse to wear an anti-racism groups t-shirt The striker 's move is a protest against a lack of action from the group Kick It Out Former EPL player Vicent Pericard questions Roberts ' move and calls for unity Kick It Out and UEFA both hosting anti-racism weeks designed to raise awareness
CNN  -- Game show host and comedian Howie Mandel 's irregular heartbeat scare is over , his publicist said Tuesday . Howie Mandel had an irregular heartbeat , but he did not have a heart attack , his publicist said . "  Howie has been released from the hospital and will be back at work tomorrow , " said Lewis Kay . "  He appreciates everyone 's concern . " Mandel , 53 , checked into a Toronto hospital Monday so doctors could monitor his condition , Kay said . He was in Toronto , filming segments for a new show "  Howie Do It . " The hour-long prank show debuted on NBC Friday . Mandel is the host of the American version of the game show "  Deal or No Deal , " which has brought huge ratings for NBC .	NEW : Howie Mandel released from Toronto hospital Host of "  Deal or No Deal " had been admitted with irregular heartbeat Comedian was in Toronto , Canada , filming segments for a new show , "  Howie Do It "
Paris  CNN  -- As Paris wraps up its prêt-à-porter shows for the Autumn-Winter 2014/15 collection , young designers from across the globe are hoping to make it up one more rung of a desperately steep ladder . Tradition , quality materials , creativity and global exposure make Paris the ultimate and most desired platform for young and established designers alike . International buyers and the press tend to stay in the city longer than in New York or London and have time to visit the showrooms and recent platforms that have been created to showcase young designers , such as Designers Apartment , Tranoï or PREMIERE CLASSE . Acknowledging how little help young designers are afforded , several important prizes with varying degrees of funding have been created within the industry , the most recent and most generous being the LVMH Young Fashion Designer Prize and prizes for young fashion school graduates . Others include the ANDAM fashion award , and the International Talent Support awards  ITS  . Still , it takes a combination of artistry , an awareness of the business , psychological and physical resilience to survive the challenging obstacle course to Paris . Most of all , say designers , it takes passion . Oriane Leclercq "  You have to stay passionate , " said Oriane Leclercq , a young Belgian designer who graduated from the Brussels-based La Cambre school of visual arts in 2010 . "  I was ready for the -LSB- grueling -RSB- lifestyle because school was so difficult that I did n't have a life outside of fashion then either . " Hired 15 months ago by Maison Martin Margiela , the 26-year old said that her selection as a finalist in the International Festival of Fashion and Photography in Hyères helped her budding career immeasurably . With leading fashion companies sponsoring the festival each year , and jury members including designers Raf Simons and Proenza Schouler , and former New York Times fashion journalist Cathy Horyn , Hyères has enormous cachet and "  accelerates the process , " said Leclercq , who presented a collection in synthetic materials with touches of leopard spots and fringes in 2011 . "  But I did n't get here right away -- I worked at Lutz , a microstructure in Paris , and then at Balenciaga . It 's important to understand how things work , both in smaller structures where you work with financial constraints and you have to manage everything , and then in larger luxury structures where money is not a problem . " What is critical , said Leclercq , is to find work immediately after graduation : "  It 's a field where things move very fast and it gets harder and harder when you do n't begin right away . " Thomasine Barnekow 32-year-old glove maker Thomasine Barnekow is from southern Sweden , studied in the Netherlands and has been based in Paris since 2010 , launching her own brand , Thomasine , 18 months ago . Her sculptural gloves in materials such as leather from Icelandic salmon , hand-painted python or stingray have been included in haute couture and prêt-à-porter shows and this is her second year exhibiting independently at the PREMIERE CLASSE salon . At the Design Academy in Eindhoven she specialized in textiles and accessories , and developed the idea of working on gloves . During an internship with a luxury textile house in Paris , she came across a brochure from the federation of glove factories . After writing to every company in the brochure , Barnekow found one that helped her produce her final project at school . In 2007 she was selected as a "  talent " in the ITS competition , and was introduced to the French glove maker , Agnelle , who commissioned a collection from her just before the financial crisis . Barnekow slowly made her way towards Paris , "  which gives you a feeling of being close to inspiration , " as well as being in a country with a heritage of glove making where gloves are being rediscovered as an accessory . After creating gloves for various designers , Barnekow decided to strike out on her own . Her strategy is to grow slowly , so for example she manages her own PR for the moment , lending her gloves to young photographers in exchange for photographs . She works mostly with leather from Italy and France and has her gloves made in a factory in Hungary , which will work with small orders . Because she does everything herself , "  from design , book-keeping , production , sales , PR , trade fairs , material research etc. in the end I only have maybe 15 % time for design during the whole year . I am lucky that I am both very sociable and was very good at mathematics as a student . " Valentina Brugnatelli Although Geneva-based jewelry designer Valentina Brugnatelli has been working in luxury fashion since 1990 , she launched her own brand in 2012 , working in collaboration with two Barcelona-based designers in a collective . She had been thinking about setting up on her own for a while , and had a number of independent clients for whom she made one-off creations , but was so busy that she kept putting it off . While working at Kenzo she met the two designers with whom she set up the collective because "  it 's not easy to work alone . We each have our own distinctive brand , but we put our strengths together . We pick a theme and then interpret it in our own way . " Brugnatelli combines semi-precious stones with wood , brass , resin and enamel to make her innovative jewelry , often inspired by nature . With her own brand now , she says she has learned more in two years than during her entire time working for fashion houses . "  You need to have a scope of 360 degrees , you have to control everything -- marketing , PR , pricing , all of a sudden you have be an accountant as well . " Salons like PREMIERE CLASSE are a good way to meet people , says Brugnatelli , who will rent a space there for her summer collection . "  They organize parties and you can meet other designers . We can share our struggles with each other , which is reassuring since everyone puts so much passion and love into what they are doing and yet it 's easy to have doubts . It 's really a psychological and financial rollercoaster . You have to have energy and believe in yourself . " See : The Congo 's cult of elegance Watch : Karl Lagerfeld on fashion trends	Young fashion designers from across the world are gathering in Paris for the Autumn-Winter collection show . Three start-up designers share their story about how did they make their own way in the capital of fashion .
CNN  -- While rescue efforts continue in Sendai , the city that lies just 80 miles  130 kilometers  east of the earthquake epicenter , the long-term future of the metropolis and surrounding area looks uncertain . Kyung Lah has reported from the outskirts of the city on Sunday morning describing the shell-shocked population organizing themselves to clear roads , clean up and assist official efforts in searching for missing people , while fearing more aftershocks and tsunamis . But even when a semblance of normality returns to the city of around one million people the disaster could compound the problems facing the region ; namely the flight of young people to larger cities and a rapidly ageing population . "  A trend across Japan has been moving out of the rural areas to Tokyo , " says CNN correspondent Kyung Lah . "  The area  around Sendai  has experienced a brain drain and economic drainage  as young people leave the area  . It was already struggling to keep ahead and to keep the local industries going ; agriculture and fishing . The last thing that this community needed was for its infrastructure to be wiped out . " The tsunami 's destruction : Before and after The capital of Miyagi prefecture , Sendai is the largest city in northern Japan , less than a two-hour bullet train ride away from Tokyo . The city lies on the flat , coastal plain between the Ohu Mountains and the Pacific Ocean . Most the eastern suburbs of the city hit by the tsunami are low lying with hills in the city center only around 40 meters  140 feet  high . While far from the country 's manufacturing heartland that lies to the south and west of Tokyo , Sendai is a regional hub with six universities around the city , which have helped develop the region 's technological industries . Miyagi prefecture has tried to diversify its industries away from agriculture and fishing to attract and keep a younger and educated workforce . The regional government also has been trying to make the area 's traditional industries of farming and fishing more attractive to a younger population , but across Japan approximately three fifths of farmers are over 65 . The destruction of fishing and agriculture infrastructure may compound the difficulties the industries face , although there may be a shorter term boost , says analysts , from the Japanese government greatly increasing public spending to rebuild . For those currently in the city there are more immediate problems of water , food and fuel supplies . Schools and hospitals in Sendai have been turned into shelters , and volunteers were handing out bottles of water , CNN 's Kyung Lah reported from the city . "  Somehow we can hang in there , " says Yasue Schumaker , a native of Sendai who has been living in Hawaii for 15 years , but in the city caring for her mother . "  We do n't ' have any water , electricity or gas . They 've just announced that it could take days to get gas for everybody . We definitely need water and food . I do n't think people have enough food or water . People prefer to stay in the car as they 're feeling aftershocks . It 's very cold . " Dean Irvine contributed to this report	Sendai is a city of around 1 million people ; only 80 miles from 8.9 magnitude quake epicenter Tsunami has left widespread devastation of city 's suburbs and surrounding region Disaster will greatly damage fishing and farming industries near city May cause more migration of young people from the city and Miyagi prefecture
CNN  Civil unions between people of the same sex will soon be recognized in Chile . The country joined several of its South American neighbors in allowing the unions when President Michelle Bachelet enacted a new law on Monday . "  This is a concrete step in the drive to end the difference between homosexual and heterosexual couples , " Bachelet said . The new law will take effect in six months . It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex and between a man and a woman . The Chilean government estimates that around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the change . The law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples , such as not being allowed to visit partners in hospital , make medical decisions on their behalf or decide what to do with their remains . It also gives the couples greater rights in the realms of property , health care , pensions and inheritance . A number of South American nations have moved to allow same-sex civil unions in recent years . But marriage between people of the same sex is legal only in Argentina , Brazil and Uruguay .	President Michelle Bachelet signs law that will take effect in six months Chile joins several other South American nations that allow the unions
Native Americans have been news in mainstream media recently , which is a rare occurrence . On Wednesday , the U.S. patent office canceled trademark registrations of the Washington Redskins team name , calling the word "  disparaging to Native Americans . " Amanda Blackhorse , a Navajo , was one of five plaintiffs to contest the federal trademark protection of the team name . This is a great victory for Native Americans and it 's indicative of the growing chorus of people who oppose the use of such racial slurs . Last week , the Yocha Dehe Wintun Nation of California purchased airtime during the NBA Finals to run the anti-Washington Redskins video , "  Proud To Be . " The ad , produced by the National Congress of American Indians , ran in seven major cities and aimed to visually illustrate who Native Americans are and who we are not . Days after the ad aired during prime time , President Barack Obama became only the fourth sitting president to visit an American Indian reservation . Meeting in Cannon Ball , North Dakota , the president and first lady addressed a diverse group of Native Americans : those dressed in traditional regalia  not costumes  and those in suits and ties and dresses and modern attire . They met with decorated veterans of wars past and present , and children with iPhones and iPads . These events are significant because Native American voices are often marginalized , ignored or simply left out of the American conversation . But the 21st century is a time when we are getting mainstream attention . We are reclaiming our voice and images . Now , we are using platforms like social media to speak out against consistent appropriation of Native culture or to collectively oppose offensive Native American imagery . Recently , when "  Happy " singer Pharrell Williams wore a Native American headdress on the cover of UK Elle magazine , a #nothappy twitter campaign was launched . Pharrell quickly issued an apology . It was not the first time the use of a misappropriated headdress prompted a public mea culpa . In 2012 , Victoria 's Secret also issued an apology and removed a model wearing a headdress from its broadcast . Now , more than ever , Native Americans are visible in ways they have not been in the past , erasing the antiquated image of a mythical , loin-cloth-clad Tonto figure and giving voice to real American Indians . Native Americans : We 're not your mascots Native Americans are typically lumped into one large group due to the social construct of race and for ease . But Native American nations are diverse , and recent visibility in the news offers a chance to see a wider range of who we are . We are not "  savages . " We are not "  injuns , " and we are not "  redskins . " We are the first people of this nation -- our old country -- and we have endured . We are still here . We have always been here , and there is better chance you will see us and hear us . Not all Native American nations operate casinos . We do not all get free tuition . We do n't get free gasoline , as Justin Bieber has suggested , and we do not all get monthly checks from Uncle Sam . Due to a complex history and interconnected issues , many tribes face poverty unlike other American ethnic groups and have the highest dropout rates . And sadly , there are additional reprehensible social statistics . But efforts like those the president outlined in his recent visit -- additional investment in tribal communities , improved communication between agencies and empowerment -- highlight some of the ways that the government is aiding these deeply rooted issues . And as Native Americans are seen beyond the stereotypes , and as we use our voices to speak out , we give visibility to who we are , as well as the issues we are working to solve . This visibility allows for a rehumanization . That is important , and not just for the sake of a brand name of a professional football team . It is also not about an overly sensitive , politically correct Native American adult who feels the sting of racial epithets . It 's about a future where our kids wo n't have to face the racism we have . Our voices were once silenced , but we never stopped speaking . Our land was taken , but we never stopped living . Our children were stolen , and yet generations endure . The 21st century is incontrovertibly a time where we have reclaimed our voice from those who would speak on behalf of us , and it is a time where we work diligently to reclaim our appropriated image .	Native Americans appeared in big stories in mainstream media recently This visibility is rare but becoming more common , author says Simon Moya-Smith : Native Americans are reclaiming our voice , and image .
CNN  -- Russian President Vladimir Putin bears at least some responsibility for the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 , former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday . "  I think if there were any doubt it should be gone by now , that Vladimir Putin , certainly indirectly -- through his support of the insurgents in eastern Ukraine and the supply of advanced weapons and , frankly , the presence of Russian Special Forces and intelligence agents -- bears responsibility for what happened , " she told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria in an exclusive interview that will air Sunday . Clinton 's comments come just over a week since Flight MH17 crashed in eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 on board . Pro-Russian militants have been accused of downing the plane using Russia-supplied armaments and of interfering with the subsequent investigation at the crash site . Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels ? U.S. President Barack Obama last week called the crash a "  wake-up call for Europe and the world that there are consequences to an escalating conflict in eastern Ukraine , " a view Clinton echoed in urging Europe to go further . "  We have to up the sanctions that are required . The United States has continued to move forward on that , Europe has been reluctant , " Clinton told . "  They need to understand they must stand up to Vladimir Putin . " Her comments came as the Pentagon warned that Russia is preparing to transfer more powerful weaponry into Ukraine , a move it said could happen at any time . Putin has argued that Ukraine bears significant responsibility , saying in a statement that if military operations had not resumed in eastern Ukraine on June 28 , "  this tragedy probably could have been avoided . " However , Clinton joined a chorus of Western voices laying much of the blame at Moscow 's door , and she lamented that the United States and Europe had been "  disabused " of their earlier hopes over the so-called reset in U.S.-Russia relations that was announced during President Obama 's first year in office . "  He -LSB- Putin -RSB- has a strategic plan in mind , the Eurasian Union , which would be in competition to Europe , " Clinton said . "  His continuing efforts to intimidate Europeans -- not just through energy , but through interfering in elections , putting money behind buying press outlets in European countries ... trying to discourage countries like Ukraine being able to join the European Union . " How rebels in Ukraine built up an arsenal capable of reaching the skies "  And if the United States and Europe do n't present a united front , I think Putin is the kind of man who will go as far as he can get away with . I think he is still smart enough and cautious enough to be pushed back . But there has to be a push in order to make that happen . " ` He 's a very arrogant person to deal with ' Clinton also shared her thoughts on her interactions with Putin during her stint as Obama 's secretary of state . "  He 's very tough . He 's a very arrogant person to deal with , which I think is a combination of this vision of Russia and some fundamental insecurity , because when you are dealing with him , he often acts as though he could care less , " Clinton said . " ... There was a G20 summit in Los Cabos  Mexico , in 2012  and our President had a meeting scheduled . He kept President Obama waiting 40 minutes before he showed up . He sat down . It was a very small meeting on both sides of the table . We , at the time , were very hopeful -- not realistically so , but idealistically so -- that we could get more cooperation from Russia to slow down  Bashar  al-Assad and what he was doing in Syria , " she said . "  Putin could not have looked more bored , more discomfited , and never apologized for being late . " "  So then , of course , he wanted a summit in Russia . He wanted to play the host . And my advice to the president was do n't go chasing after him . We 're not sure of what his real intent is . " Opinion : Putin , just evil enough Has Israel committed war crimes ? In a wide-ranging interview , Clinton also discussed the ongoing violence in Gaza as Israel 's ground incursion entered its second week . Asked about the warning Wednesday by U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay that war crimes may have been committed , and whether Israel has used excessive force , Clinton said she did not agree with the war crimes assessment . "  I think that the Israelis are in a very difficult position . Hamas , we know , embeds missiles , embeds command-and-control units in civilian areas , " she said . "  Now , some of that is just the geography . It 's a very small area , very densely populated . But some of that is a deliberate choice by Hamas . " However , she said , "  too many people have died and too many of them are clearly innocent civilians , even children . " Opinion : War crimes in Gaza conflict ? Let court decide More than 800 people have been killed in the more than two weeks of violence in Gaza , as diplomats scramble to establish a ceasefire . Palestinian leaders called for a day of rage as protests erupted in the West Bank following a strike this week on a U.N. shelter . Israel 's security cabinet on Friday unanimously rejected a proposed one-week humanitarian ceasefire , Israeli Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz told CNN . Secretary of State John Kerry said later that there was a framework for a cease-fire , but that more needed to be done to make it happen . "  They -LSB- the Israelis -RSB- understand the terrible box that they find themselves in because they want to end the rockets . And unfortunately , since the last ceasefire , the Hamas leadership has felt cornered . And the only way out of that corner , in their opinion , was to get better , more accurate , longer range rockets . "  And they 've been digging tunnels , apparently constantly , that can come up inside Israeli territory . And the Israelis have a perfectly legitimate objective to try to destroy as much as of the rocketry as they can and to destroy the tunnels . " Israel security cabinet rejects one-week Mideast cease-fire How do we get a cease-fire to end the bloodshed in Gaza ? Watch Fareed Zakaria GPS Sundays at 10am and 1pm ET . For the latest from Fareed Zakaria GPS click here .	Hillary Clinton says Vladimir Putin "  indirectly " responsible for MH17 downing The former secretary of state says Europe needs to stand up to Putin She describes Putin as "  a very arrogant person to deal with " Suggests Israeli actions in Gaza not war crimes
CNN  -- Formula One is a sport where tiny margins can be the difference between success and failure , so it is no surprise a small hole in Red Bull 's Monaco Grand Prix winning car has got rival teams reexamining the sport 's regulations . Mark Webber clinched the Austrian-owned manufacturer 's third consecutive win in the principality on Sunday , but questions have been asked about the legality of Red Bull 's RB8 car . The debate centers around the floor of the car , specifically the area in front of the rear wheel . The FIA , the body which regulates the sport , states the floor of an F1 car must be impervious , a rule many teams presumed meant it must be free of holes . The official rule is as follows : "  All parts lying on the reference and step planes , in addition to the transition between the two planes , must produce uniform , solid , hard , continuous , rigid  no degree of freedom in relation to the body/chassis unit  , impervious surfaces under all circumstances . " Webber wins Monaco Grand Prix But the RB8 's design , which has been cleared by FIA scrutineers and has been running since April 's Bahrain Grand Prix , features a rectangular slot in front of the rear wheel of the car . "  In Monaco there was much discussion about the legality of the Red Bull 's floor , with speculation that rival teams were considering lodging post-race protests  none ultimately did  , " read a statement on the sport 's official website . "  Despite the fact that Red Bull have been running the design since Bahrain with the blessing of the FIA scrutineers . " The slot increases downforce at the rear of the vehicle by offsetting the negative impact the rear wheel has on airflow over the car . Latest F1 standings after Monaco GP And the Red Bull is not the only car to feature a modification aimed at tackling this problem . Both the Ferrari and Sauber cars feature slots in front of the rear wheel . But on both designs the slot it is placed at the edge of the body , rather than being an isolated hole in the floor . The design tweaks have clearly paid dividends . Red Bull currently lead the constructors ' championship , with its drivers Sebastian Vettel and Webber second and third respectively in the drivers ' standings , while Ferrari 's two-time world champion Fernando Alonso is top . With no team launching an official protest , the RB8 , complete with slot , can be expected on the grid for the Canadian Grand Prix on June 10 .	The design of Red Bull 's RB8 car has been questioned by other teams The RB8 has a slot in front of the rear while which increases downforce Ferrari and Sauber also have design modifications aimed at tackling the problem Formula One 's official website confirms no rival teams have reported Red Bull
British-born Samantha Lewthwaite was once seen as a kind of victim of the July 2005 London terror attacks -- the pregnant wife of one of the suicide bombers who killed 52 people , now left alone to care for her children . She condemned the attacks but then vanished . Now , Kenyan authorities say , she is the infamous "  White Widow , " alleged to be a supporter and financier of people linked to the Somali terror group Al-Shabaab . Reports that a white woman was among the terrorists who stormed Nairobi , Kenya 's , upscale Westgate Shopping Mall on Saturday -- an operation for which Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility -- have prompted a slew of media speculation that she might have been involved . But no official confirmation has been given . A senior Kenyan government official said a woman was among the attackers . Yet it is "  impossible , " based on the government 's photo evidence  and before a forensics examination is complete  , to determine who that might be . Attackers defeated in mall siege , Kenya 's president says Interpol on Thursday issued a red notice -- an international wanted alert -- for Lewthwaite at Kenya 's request . The public 's help could be crucial in finding the 29-year-old , believed to be using the alias "  Natalie Webb , " the international police group said . The notice activates "  a global ` tripwire ' for this fugitive , " Interpol Secretary-General Ronald K. Noble said in a prepared statement . Lewthwaite "  is wanted by Kenya on charges of being in possession of explosives and conspiracy to commit a felony dating back to December 2011 , " Interpol said . A convert to Islam Lewthwaite , born in Buckinghamshire , England , earned her nickname as the widow of Germaine Lindsay , one of the four suicide bombers who attacked London 's transportation system on July 7 , 2005 . Now age 29 , Lewthwaite met Lindsay , a British Muslim , when she was 17 , according to the Daily Mail . A convert to Islam , she married him in 2002 . After the London attacks , she denied having knowledge of the plans . Later , Kenyan authorities said , she emerged in the Kenyan port city of Mombasa and became part of a terror cell linked to Al-Shabaab . In December 2011 , Kenyan authorities raided three homes in Mombasa , including one allegedly used by Lewthwaite , and arrested some people on suspicion of planning to destroy a bridge , a ferry and hotels frequented by Western tourists . At Lewthwaite 's residence , investigators found the kind of bomb-making materials that were used in the London attacks , Kenyan counterterror police said . But Lewthwaite was not found . A security guard who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity in 2012 said he saw a white woman leave the residence hours before the raid . Authorities have yet to catch up to her . Kenyan authorities also suspect Lewthwaite of hatching a plot to break fellow Briton Jermaine Grant out of jail after he was arrested in connection with the alleged Mombasa plot . ` An innocent young person ' But in the English town of Aylesbury , in Buckinghamshire , where Lewthwaite lived with Lindsay for a time , she is remembered by local councilor Raj Khan as a good , helpful woman . "  She was an innocent young person , " said Khan , who said he knew Lewthwaite as a "  family friend " before the July 2005 bombings . "  She would do anything to accommodate other people . She was a very good human being . She did everything to help others . " He warned against judging her based on rumors and speculation . "  I 'm worried that the picture that has been demonizing her may be premature because it has not been substantiated , " he said . "  Unless there is hard evidence , we should not just unnecessarily jump to conclusions . " Lewthwaite also reportedly spent time in Banbridge , in Northern Ireland , where her grandmother , Elizabeth Allen , still lives . A family friend , local councilor Joan Baird , said Monday that Allen was elderly and ill , and had been "  in and out of hospital . " This speculation about her granddaughter is upsetting , Baird said . "  This is very distressing for all the family , a decent family . And it got worse with the news  from Kenya  . It 's also very distressing for the people of Banbridge , on behalf of the family , " she said . According to the Belfast Telegraph , Lewthwaite 's father was a British soldier posted to the area who married a local woman . ` Very unusual ' Kenyan officials have given differing accounts of the involvement of a white woman in the Westgate Mall attack . Senior Kenyan intelligence officials told CNN that surveillance video from inside the mall appeared to show such a woman taking part in the attack . Analysts believe she is British , the sources said . Kenyan Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told "  PBS NewsHour " on Monday that a British woman was among the attackers . "  She has , I think , done this many times before , " she said of the woman but did not name the suspect . Kenyan State House spokesman Manoah Esipisu told CNN that "  multiple witnesses " have said they saw a woman among the attackers . "  We have also been told that if it is the same woman that they say they saw , that she would have been killed very early on in the attack , " he said . But he cautioned , "  We do n't know for sure that we had a woman . And secondly , because of the bodies trapped under the rubble , we do n't know if she is who everyone says she might be . " Kenyan Interior Minister Joseph Ole Lenku previously told reporters that all the attackers were men . Some of them apparently had dressed as women , he said . But on Wednesday , he revisited the speculation that a woman was involved , saying that authorities were "  hearing possibilities and information , " including from the public . "  We want to again request you to allow the forensic experts to determine whether that is true , " he said . Female involvement in such an attack would be "  very unusual , " said CNN security analyst Peter Bergen . "  Typically these groups are misogynist , " he said . "  Their view is the woman should be in a home and shrouded in a body veil . " American teens among attackers , Kenya says	Interpol issues a red notice -- an international wanted alert -- for Lewthwaite Official : A woman may have been among attackers , but identity unknown Lewthwaite was married to one of the bombers who attacked London in 2005 They say she became part of a terror cell linked to the Somali group Al-Shabaab
CNN  -- The death of an 11-year-old boy at a Boone , North Carolina , hotel could have been prevented had police been told that the carbon monoxide that killed him was also to blame for two earlier deaths in the same room , the city 's police chief said . Chief Dana Crawford 's statement Monday came three days after Watauga County Medical Examiner Brent Hall resigned . It was n't clear if Hall 's resignation on Friday was related to the three deaths in Room 225 of the Best Western Plus Blue Ridge Plaza . Daryl Dean Jenkins and his wife , Shirley Mae Jenkins , died on April 16 ; 11-year-old Jeffrey Williams died on June 8 . Hall received an e-mailed copy of the toxicology report on Shirley Mae Jenkins ' death from the North Carolina Department of Health and Human Services on June 1 , a spokesman for the state agency said . 5 things to know about carbon monoxide The report showed an often lethal concentration of carbon monoxide in her blood but did not provide a formal cause of death . The medical examiner did not share the results with police until June 8 -- the same day Williams died , Crawford told CNN in an e-mailed statement . Had police been told of the results sooner , Crawford said , "  I would like to think that we would have contacted our county health department , The Town of Boone Fire Department and the Town of Boone Planning and Inspections Department , at a minimum and tried to find the source of the carbon monoxide entering room 225 . " Repeated telephone calls by CNN to Hall on Monday and Tuesday went unanswered . Police had requested the toxicology reports "  weeks before , " CNN affiliate WSOC-TV reported Friday . According to the Charlotte station , fire investigators traced the carbon monoxide to a pool heater . Ventilation pipes for the pool heater were installed near the heating and air conditioning units for the room where the three people died , Boone police Capt. Andy Le Beau told CNN on Tuesday . Investigators also found holes in the ventilation pipes just below the room , he said . "  The heater itself runs off of natural gas . A byproduct of the pool heater is carbon monoxide . The ventilation system that ventilates the carbon monoxide goes to outside the building , in close proximity to the heating and air conditioning units of 225 , " Le Beau added . "  In addition , there were deficiencies found in the ventilation pipes that were in the ceiling area just below room 225 . Carbon monoxide could also get into the room from that method as well . " Search warrant documents show police removed two sections of exhaust pipe for the heater from below the room , WSOC said . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Police found holes in ventilation pipes below room where three died , official says Medical examiner resigns amid controversy over toxicology reports in hotel deaths It 's unclear if Brent Hall 's resignation is linked to investigation into those deaths State says Hall got test results on June 1 ; police say he did n't tell them until June 8
CNN  -- England winger Theo Walcott scored twice as Arsenal fight back from going two goals behind to sensationally thrash north London rivals Tottenham 5-2 , a result that lifts Arsene Wenger 's side back into fourth place in the Premier League table . Matches between the top sides in England this season have produced a host of remarkable results -- and it proved no different at The Emirates on Sunday on a glorious sunny afternoon . Third-placed Tottenham began the day 10 points ahead of their neighbors and still with designs of catching Manchester City and Manchester United at the top of the table . And they achieved the perfect start when Louis Saha 's shot deflected in off defender Thomas Vermaelen to give Spurs a fourth minute lead . The visitors then doubled their advantage when former Arsenal striker Emmanuel Adebayor scored from the penalty spot after goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny was adjudged to have brought down Gareth Bale . But Arsenal rallied and two goals in the last five minutes of the half brought them level . First defender Bacary Sagna nodded home Mikel Arteta 's cross , then Premier League top scorer Robin van Persie curled home a superb effort -- his 23rd league goal of the season . Arsenal maintained their momentum after the break and Tomas Rosicky put them ahead in the 51st minute when flicking the ball home from close range . By now Arsenal were rampant , and Walcott made it 4-2 after 65 minutes after Van Persie superbly laid the ball into his path . With Tottenham demoralized , Walcott then added a fifth just three minutes later , outpacing the visiting defense before firing home . To complete a miserable afternooon for Harry Redknapp 's side , midfielder Scott Parker was shown a second yellow card for a late challenge on Vermaelen as Tottenham finished the match with 10 men . The result leaves Tottenham seven points ahead of Arsenal , who go back above Chelsea on goal difference , although Spurs are now eight points behind second placed Manchester United -- who closed the gap on Manchester City to just two points after a late 2-1 victory at Norwich on Sunday . City continue to lead the table on 63 points , with United still breathing down their necks in second after veteran pair Paul Scholes and Ryan Giggs proved the difference against a determined Norwich side . Scholes , who came out of retirement this season at the age of 37 , opened the scoring in the seventh mimute with a close-range header at the back post . But Norwich looked to have rescued a point seven minutes from time when Grant Holt fired home after his turn out-witted Rio Ferdinand . But 38-year-old Giggs , playing in his 900th competitive match for United , celebrated that milestone with a stunning winner , volleying home Ashley Young 's cross in the second minute of injury time . Meanwhile , at Wembley Stadium , Liverpool defeated Championship side Cardiff City 3-2 on penalties to win the English League Cup , manager Kenny Dalglish 's first trophy since returning to the club . Joe Mason had given Welsh club Cardiff a shock half-time lead but Martin Skrtel thumped home from close range after the break . Substitute Dirk Kuyt looked to have given Liverpool victory in extra time , but a late Ben Turner goal sent the match into a dramatic penalty shoot-out . Steven Gerrard and Charlie Adam missed Liverpool 's first two spot-kicks , but Cardiff conspired to miss three of their own -- two of them hitting the post . In an ironic twist , the final penalty miss was by Cardiff defender Anthony Gerrard , the cousin of the Liverpool captain .	Arsenal fight back from 2-0 behind to thrash north London rivals Tottenham 5-2 Theo Walcott scores twice in a frantic second half after Spurs take an early lead Ryan Giggs celebrates his 900th game for Manchester United with a late winner United defeat Norwich 2-1 to close the gap on English leaders Manchester City
Ahead of annual , routine military exercises between South Korea and the United States , North Korea issued its usual caustic objections Saturday . It threatened "  miserable destruction , " if "  your side ignites a war of aggression by staging the reckless joint military exercises ... at this dangerous time . " Though customary , the stark posturing by North Korea stands in the shadow of an underground nuclear test two weeks ago that was preceded by the launch of a long-range missile capable of transporting a warhead . The detonation of the nuclear charge was the third in Pyongyang 's history and the first under supreme leader Kim Jong Un 's rule . South Korea 's military reacted with fierce military drills , including a public display of newly deployed cruise missiles with pinpoint accuracy . It has been on heightened readiness ever since . The test also triggered a global wave of condemnation , including from Beijing , and plans for new sanctions against Pyongyang . North Korea issued the objections to exercises Key Resolve and Foal Eagle scheduled for March and April to U.S. commander James D. Sherman , state run news agency KCNA reported . The message was delivered over the phone in English , South Korean news agency Yonhap reported . It also condemned the threat of new sanctions over North Korea 's recent actions . A United Nations military commission informed Pyongyang of the upcoming routine exercises , according to a joint statement from U.S. and South Korean military officials . The commission also told North Korea that they are "  not related with the current situations on the Korean Peninsula . " Around 10,000 U.S. forces will participate in Foal Eagle from March 1 to April 30 . Key Resolve will involve 10,000 South Korean troops and 3,500 U.S. troops in exercises March 11 to 21 . Key Resolve will include U.N. troops and neutral supervisors .	The message was delivered over the phone in English , reports say Such threat happen routinely before U.S.-South Korean exercises The exercises come in the wake of a recent nuclear test in North Korea South Korea 's military is already in a state of heightened alert
CNN  -- Strong support from young and minority voters propelled Barack Obama on the road to the White House , exit polls showed Tuesday . Students wait in a long line to vote Tuesday on the campus of the University of Central Florida . Voters in the 18 to 24 age group broke 68 percent for Obama to 30 percent for John McCain , according to the exit polling . Those in the 25 to 29 age bracket went 69 percent to 29 percent in Obama 's favor . The only age group where McCain prevailed was 65 and over , and that by just a 10-percentage-point margin , 54 percent to 44 percent , the exit polls showed . And minorities went heavily into the Obama camp . Blacks , 96 percent Obama to 3 percent McCain ; Latinos , 67 percent Obama to 30 percent McCain ; and Asians , 63 percent Obama to 34 percent McCain . Obama did well with Latinos because they appear to disapprove of President Bush 's job performance more than the rest of the country , CNN senior political analyst Bill Schneider said . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider explain the Latino impact " About 80 percent of Latinos give Bush negative marks , while 72 percent of all Americans do , exit polling showed . Race played less of a role in the election than age , exit polls showed . While Obama is projected to be the nation 's first black president , John McCain would have been the oldest person ever elected to the nation 's highest office . Twice as many of those polled Tuesday said age was an important factor in their vote as those who said race was . Among those factoring age into their vote , 78 percent went for Obama to 21 percent for McCain , exit polls showed . Those who said race was an important factor voted 55 percent to 44 percent in favor of Obama . But Obama also was the winner by a similar margin among those who said race was not important , "  which suggests that race was not a decisive factor in this election , " Schneider said . The economy was the top issue in the election among 62 percent of voters questioned in exit polls on Tuesday . It was far ahead of the second-place issue , the Iraq war , which was named as the top concern of 10 percent of voters polled . Those who picked the Iraq war as their top issue mostly voted for Obama in all but two states , according to the early exit polling results . Health care and terrorism were tied at 9 percent as the issue voters were most concerned about , according to the exit polling . Those who picked terrorism as their top concern overwhelmingly choose McCain , according to exit polling . In early exit polling , first-time voters were breaking overwhelmingly for Obama over McCain by a 72 percent to 27 percent margin . Watch what first-time voters had to say in Florida " High income voters -- those who said they make at least $ 100,000 a year -- went in Obama 's favor , 52 percent to 47 percent . Many of those polled said they expect a post-election tax increase , with 49 percent predicting their taxes will rise no matter who is elected president . Another 22 percent said taxes will go up only if Obama wins , and 12 percent said taxes will go up only if McCain wins . Only 15 percent said their taxes will stay the same or go down . A bare majority of those surveyed -- 51 percent -- think the government should do more to solve problems . Forty-three percent believe the government is doing too much . At the same time , early exit polling shows only a minority of voters -- 40 percent -- support the $ 700 billion government plan to assist failing financial companies . Fifty-six percent are opposed . Watch CNN 's Bill Schneider explain how the economy dominated voter concerns " GOP vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin did n't do well in exit polls . Sixty percent of those polled said the Alaska governor is not qualified to be president if necessary ; 38 percent said she is . That compares with the two-thirds of those polled who said Democratic vice presidential nominee Joe Biden is qualified to be president and the 31 percent who said he is n't . Watch CNN 's Jack Cafferty ask what issue is most important " Many voters told the pollsters that they made up their minds early in the campaign season , with 61 percent saying they made up their minds before September , another 13 percent saying they decided in September and 17 percent saying they made their selection last month . Only 7 percent of those polled decided whom to support within the last three days . Exit polling also showed that Democrats who supported Sen. Hillary Clinton during the primaries overwhelming voted for Obama in the general election , 84 percent to 15 percent for McCain . For the poll , more than 16,000 people who had just voted were selected at random to fill out questionnaires . CNN 's Joe Von Kanel and Hal Quinley contributed to this report .	NEW : Voters 65 and older only age group to go McCain 's way Twice as many voters factored in age than did race Obama scores large majority of first-time voters 49 percent of those polled expect tax increases
CNN  -- Boston police have seized almost a ton of marijuana in the city 's largest such haul in recent memory , according to Suffolk County , Massachusetts , District Attorney Daniel F. Conley . Edgar Gonzalez , 40 , was arraigned Thursday in Dorchester District Court , accused of trafficking in marijuana . He also is being held in connection with an immigration violation by U.S. Customs and Immigration Enforcement , according to a news release from District Attorney Conley . Conviction on the drug charge is punishable by up to 15 years in state prison . Boston police were originally conducting a separate search Wednesday when they witnessed what they described as a suspicious man fleeing from a building , according to the release from the district attorney . Police intercepted the man , identified as Gonzalez , and noticed the door to his apartment was open . Because of an existing immigration detainment order by U.S. Customs and Immigrations Enforcement as well as his behavior in trying to flee , officers were able to conduct a "  protective sweep " of his residence , authorities said . In the apartment police found 40 large bales of marijuana wrapped in plastic , according to the press release . After obtaining a search warrant for Gonzalez 's apartment , police seized the marijuana -- weighing about 2,000 pounds , or one ton -- as well as scales , a vacuum sealer and shrink wrap . Police also seized a Dominican Republic passport , authorities said . Gonzalez 's attorney , Holly Clarke , did not return calls from CNN . Gonzalez was being held with bail set at $ 1 million , authorities said . His trial date is set for June 30 in Dorchester District Court . Arrest leads to seizure of almost a ton of marijuana	Nearly 1-ton haul largest in recent memory , Boston authorities say Police found 40 bales in apartment Man charged also being held on immigration violation Seizure stemmed from unrelated search
CNN  -- The eldest son of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il , in a rare television interview Tuesday , shed some light on who might eventually take over leadership of the country . Kim Jong Nam , 35 , in southern China 's casino haven of Macau on January 30 , 2007 Kim Jong Nam told TV Asahi in Macau that he does not care about politics or succeeding his father . "  Personally , I am not interested in this issue  succession  , " he said in an interview with the Japanese television network . "  Sorry , I am not interested in the politics . " The rules governing transfer of power in the secretive communist nation are unclear . Kim Jong Il rules without challenge and has built a cult of personality around himself and his family . He is widely reported to have suffered a stroke in August and has been absent from many public functions in recent months . In April , he named his son Kim Jong Un and brother-in-law , Jang Song Thaek , to the country 's powerful National Defense Commission , suggesting his third son may be his heir . "  I hear that news in the media , " Kim Jong Nam said . "  I think it 's true ... however , it is my father 's decision . So once he decides , we have to support him . " iReport.com : How should the U.S. approach North Korea ? There has been speculation that Kim Jong Nam would defect from North Korea and that a purge of his supporters was under way . He told Asahi he saw no reason for leaving his homeland .	Kim Jong Nam tells TV Asahi he has no interest in leading North Korea Kim Jong Nam is eldest son of North Korean leader Kim Jong Il Rules of succession in secretive communist state unclear Kim Jong Il widely reported to have suffered stroke last year
CNN  -- Call it a meteorological mystery : Forecasters warned that there would be at least six Atlantic hurricanes this season , but so far we 've seen only one . It 's the first year in recent memory that every major hurricane forecast has busted after pointing to "  above normal activity . " We are passing the season 's halfway point . Normally , the Atlantic would see its first hurricane by August 10 , and a major hurricane  Category 3 or higher  by September 4 . But this year is not normal . 2013 's first hurricane -- Humberto -- was a month late . It was so behind schedule it nearly set a record for tardiness . Although the number of 2013 Atlantic storms is above average -- at nine so far -- the intensity of those storms has n't matched the forecasts . Humberto -- a Category 1 with winds under 95 mph -- ranked nowhere close to a major hurricane when it spun out harmlessly in the mid-Atlantic . What 's going on here ? Climate change ? El Niño ? Something else ? Experts do n't have a full understanding , but three things are getting the blame : -- In the eastern Atlantic , where hurricanes are often born , African desert air is drying the moisture that hurricanes need to form . -- In the western Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico , fast horizontal winds have been cutting off the tops of potential hurricanes , sapping their power . -- Experts speculate that dry air from Brazil 's drought may be another factor . Chad Myers explains this strange hurricane season Respected veteran hurricane scientist Bill Gray of Colorado State University has pretty much given up for this year . His research group predicted eight hurricanes this season . "  The forecast up to now is a bust , " says Gray . "  The second half of the season will be more active , " he predicts , with as many as five more hurricanes . Even with the most sophisticated prediction techniques , Gray says , "  there 's still 40 or 50 % of variations in tropical storm and hurricane activity that we ca n't explain . " Poking fun at his government rivals , Gray jokes about "  reports of a suicide watch " among the meteorologists who worked on this year 's National Weather Service forecast . Nonetheless , the feds are standing firm . Unlike Gray , they 're not ready to cry uncle . "  Our forecast remains the same , " weather service spokesman Chris Vaccaro said . "  We 're sticking by it . " The NWS -- last May -- initially forecast 13 to 20 "  named storms , " including seven to 11 hurricanes . Then in August , it dialed down that initial forecast to predict 13 to 19 named storms , including six to nine hurricanes . So far , including Humberto , we 've seen nine named storms . From the weather service 's perspective , that statistic shows its forecast remains valid . "  In some ways we 're ahead of schedule , " says Vaccaro . "  And in late September and October there 's plenty of time for the number of tropical storms and hurricanes to climb . " According to the weather service forecast , at least four more tropical storms or hurricanes will form in the next 11 weeks . That 's 77 days , or one storm forming every 19 days . It would be a mistake to believe that the second half of any hurricane season would resemble the first half , says Vaccaro , who stresses that we 're not experiencing a "  lull . " "  Historically speaking , June and July and the first part of August are typically fairly quiet , " he says . September , he warns , is the time when storms can start to get get serious . Some key examples : - Hurricane Gloria hit the eastern United States in September 1985 . - In 1938 a disastrous hurricane tore up parts of the northeast , also during the month of September . - In 1998 one of the deadliest storms on record , Hurricane Mitch , raked the Caribbean and Central America after forming in late October . - Hurricane Sandy , which altered so many lives last year when it slammed into much of the Eastern Seaboard , did n't appear until October . - Although Andrew devastated South Florida in late August , it was the first hurricane of 1992 , a season that overall turned out to be below normal . - In 2002 , Gustav , the first hurricane of the season , did n't occur until September . Weeks later in early October , Hurricane Lili made a destructive landfall along the Louisiana coast . There 's also always the possibility of a freak storm after the season ends , says Vaccaro . "  Nature sometimes throws us a curve ball as it has in the past when we 've seen storms develop in the month of December . " How likely is it that the weather service forecast will pan out ? In this crazy year , it 's anybody 's guess . Hurricane watchers point out that there are more signs that something may be amiss : -- The Accumulated Cyclone Energy index -- a rating system that compares the intensity of storm seasons -- would normally be around 55 for the Atlantic . It 's now a paltry 16 . Globally the rating is a stunning 255 , roughly half of what we should see this time of year . -- When an ocean basin kicks up a fuss on one part of the globe , usually another ocean basin is quiet . Nature tends to balance itself that way . This year , according to the ratings , storm activity in all the world 's ocean basins is below normal . This adds even more to the mystery . -- This year there is no El Niño , which would keep the season quiet , or La Niña , which would fuel a more active season . Atlantic surface temperatures continue to be above normal , which also would help stir up storms . -- Climate change ? As you might expect , opinions differ . Some researchers say global warming from the buildup of CO2 carbon gas pollution in the atmosphere will lead to more frequent and more powerful hurricanes . Some studies support that hypothesis , while others are less convinced . Although scientists are 95 % sure that CO2 is warming the globe , they 're not certain about how that affects hurricanes . "  There are mixed signals , " says Vaccaro . "  So the jury 's still out and research is ongoing . " Related : Silent hurricane season fuels debate over global warming At the National Hurricane Center in Miami , they 're comparing this year to "  a slow first half of a slow football game , " says hurricane center spokesman Dennis Feltgen . "  It really does n't matter how many storms form out there , " Feltgen says . "  If one gets to you , it 's a bad year . " The news media is n't making too much of this strange season , he says . But he warns , do n't be fooled by it . Be prepared . The mystery has grabbed the attention of Gray and other scientists , who are looking forward to analyzing all the data . Who knows ? We may learn a few things . "  We 'll figure it out , " says Gray . "  Let 's see what the rest of the season brings . " CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers and producer Sean Morris contributed to this report .	Number of 2013 Atlantic storms is above average , but intensity has n't matched forecasts Halfway into season , Atlantic has only seen one hurricane -- a weak one named Humberto Weather service stands by forecast for 13 "  named storms , " including 6 hurricanes Experts were surprised by hurricane-killing dry African air and high Gulf winds
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Mandy Moore stepped onto the small stage at Amoeba Records in Hollywood with a quick wave . Mandy Moore , now 25 , is following her bliss with her new album , "  Amanda Leigh . " "  Hi , shoppers , " she giggled somewhat self-consciously . The audience of several hundred , stuffed between the music racks at the landmark store , giggled back . "  This is so weird to be playing here . I live in the neighborhood , and this is where I get my CDs and my DVDs ! " she said . Then she launched into selections from her sixth studio album , "  Amanda Leigh . " Somewhere out of sight was her new husband , Ryan Adams -- the alt-country hero she married in March , after a one-month engagement . It 's been 10 years since Moore burst onto the pop scene as a lanky , blonde 15-year-old singing and dancing her way through a sweetly suggestive tune called "  Candy . " Her musical fare now is more eclectic and stripped down -- even featuring vintage instruments such as the clavinet and melodica . Watch Moore talk candidly about her new direction " Unlike such early contemporaries as Britney Spears and Jessica Simpson , Moore has gone for cred over commercial success in both her music and movie careers , and it suits her well . There 's an authenticity there , as well as a genuine warmth and charm . Moore spoke about her artistic growth , a musical funk , and working with her new husband . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : A friend of mine made an interesting analogy , saying these last two albums of yours  including 2007 's folk-leaning "  Wild Hope "  are to your music career what "  Saved ! " was to your movie career , in terms of establishing yourself critically . Mandy Moore : I take that as a compliment . I mean , I sort of feel lucky to have the opportunity to do film stuff and music at the same time , because I love doing both . But ... if you make a move one way with one side of your career , you sort of have to balance it out on the other side . I feel like with the last two records , I have been in control creatively . They are probably more like some of the cooler indie movies that I have been lucky enough to get to do . CNN : You could have continued in the mainstream pop world , like some of the singers you came up with . Moore : I sort of started around the same time as a lot of my contemporaries , like the Britney Spearses and the Christina Aguileras of the world , and they are amazing and everybody is still around and doing their thing . I just never truly felt comfortable with the music that I was singing -- even back then . I mean , I was happy to have the opportunity , but I was still scratching my head , "  Well , there has got to be something else , there has got to be something more . " ... It 's just about doing what you are truly passionate about and fighting for that . I could have stayed on the same path that I started on , and who knows what would have happened if I would have found success with that -- or none at all -- but I knew I would not have been happy if I had made that decision . And I 'm doing what I love now , and I think that 's more important than anything . CNN : The new album is called "  Amanda Leigh , " which is your real name . So is this kind of a reintroduction to people about who you really are -- a grown-up Mandy Moore ? Moore : To be quite honest , even though the record is called "  Amanda Leigh , " and that is my given name , there was n't a tremendous amount of thought behind the idea of "  This is the real me . Forget the Mandy Moore stuff . That 's kid stuff . " No , it was kind of a simple , almost frivolous decision . My friend Mike Viola -LSB- of the Candy Butchers -RSB- , who I wrote the whole record with , called me Amanda Leigh when we were in the studio all the time . Like "  Amanda Leigh , come on , we 've got to get to work ! " And I do n't know , it just sort of became synonymous with making the record to me . I had never really owned my name . It was just synonymous with my parents being mad at me . So I was like , "  All right , I 'm 25 , I 'm a woman , I 'm an adult . I think I can probably take ownership with that name now and be OK with it . " But I 'm still happy to be Mandy at the end of the day . CNN : Well , you can actually change your name even further . You can go by Amanda Adams -LSB- her married name -RSB- these days . Moore : I 'm going to really throw people off and completely change my name . That will be the next record . You know , just to throw a real wrench into the situation . CNN : I 'm probably blowing it for you when you check into hotels under names that nobody would expect you to use . Moore :  Glancing over at her husband  Should I give my name ? I 'll have to change it , but it 's time for a new one . I was Cornish Gamehen for a while , which was bizarre . But for the last couple years , I have been Meryl Inch -- however , there is too much of a debacle going on there these days to continue that . So I have to come up with something creative . CNN : What 's it like to not be on a major label these days ? There must be some freedom attached to it , but then you do n't have the big bucks behind you , as well as the whole machinery . Moore : I do n't think you need the whole machine , the whole middleman behind you nowadays , like in terms of a big record label giving you a push . ... I think it has allowed me the creative freedom to truly make the kind of music that I want to by being on an indie label . ... I 'm much happier with this road . CNN : Was there a period of depression you went through that had you reworking things in your head , and trying to find out who you were ? Moore : I think the writing process for the last record , for "  Wild Hope , " I found myself in a bit of a funk . I do n't know if I would necessarily classify it as a depression , but I was definitely in a very deeply , darkly place for me , and I had never really been there before . And there was a lot of investigation and questions bouncing around in my head that I found I could answer by kind of investing myself in music and writing . CNN : I would love to be a fly on the wall in your house , just to see the music that you and Ryan come up with . Moore : There is a lot of music in the house , whether someone is playing it , or there 's a record on or something . I 've been introduced to a lot of metal in my relationship , which is pretty cool , because my guy is a big metal fan , and it is n't something I would necessarily investigate on my own -- but I do like it . It 's just nice to have that truly built-in support system that someone is unbelievably understanding of what you do . CNN : Like a lot of people , I was shocked when I read you and Ryan had gotten married . Moore : Yeah , we sort of snuck it by a lot of people . Pretty handy . That 's how we roll . Life is good , and I 'm a really lucky girl , and I 'm very happy . It 's a very exciting time to be 25 years old and truly fulfilled in so many aspects .	Mandy Moore 's new album is "  Amanda Leigh , " her given name Moore has gone indie route with new album , happy to be on that path Freshly married to Ryan Adams , singer looks forward to new things -- like metal ?
Atlanta  CNN  -- Two of the world 's largest concrete pumps will depart the United States later this week as part of the effort to resolve the crisis at Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , officials said . Each pump weighs 190,000 pounds and has a boom reach of over 227 feet , and can pump water and concrete at massive rates . They will be loaded aboard enormous Russian cargo jets Friday . The pumps ' manufacturer , Putzmeister , said in a release the devices are normally used to pour concrete for bridges and high-rise construction projects , but can offer pinpoint accuracy "  to directly target hotspots within the reactors " and help with cooling . There are only three such pumps in the world , said Putzmeister spokeswoman Mary Roberts . Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan issued an emergency order to obtain a similar , smaller pump in March , approximately one week after the March 11 magnitude-9 .0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami struck Japan and damaged the Fukushima Daiichi plant . After the pump arrived and was used to successfully pump 150 tons of seawater into the plant 's nuclear reactor spent-fuel pool , initiatives to bring the two larger devices to Japan began . Just last week , the U.S. Department of Energy was using one of the pumps at a mixed oxide fuel plant construction site on the Savannah River in southeastern Georgia . Georgia Department of Transportation Jill Goldberg said the agency issued a special permit for the gigantic pump to get it to Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport . It arrived there Monday . The pumps are fully assembled and will remain so during the long journey to Japan , Roberts said . "  Since they 're already assembled , that will mean no delay on the Japanese end on getting it to the plant , " she said . Once each machine is loaded on board Russian Antonov An-124 planes , one pump will depart from Atlanta , while the other will depart from Los Angeles International Airport on Saturday morning . Two Putzmeister technicians are traveling with each pump to train the Japanese who will eventually be operating them , Roberts said . Previously , one of the pumps had been used to encase the nuclear reactor at Chernobyl with concrete after the 1986 nuclear accident in the former Soviet Union .	The pumps are being loaded Friday onto Russian cargo jets They will leave from Atlanta and Los Angeles They 'll be used at Japan 's crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant
CNN  -- A comic book chronicling the life of Prince Harry of Wales will be released in late August , publishers announced Thursday . "  It 's time to focus our attention on the Wild Child , Prince Harry . ... Prince William might be the one getting married , but Prince Harry continues to make waves all over the world , " publisher Bluewater Productions said . "  The Royals : Prince Harry " will join the graphic novel series dedicated to Harry 's brother William and his wife , Kate Middleton . "  The Royals : Prince William and Kate Middleton " was released in April to coincide with the royal wedding . "  As Americans , we are fascinated by the British royals . They fit within our construct of a celebrity-fueled popular culture . But more than that , they represent an air of pomp and history that we just do n't have , " author C.W. Cooke said . Cooke has written comics for multiple series including "  Female Force , " which features the life stories of "  strong women in politics " such as U.S. first lady Michelle Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , according to the company 's website . "  The Royals : Prince Harry , " featuring art by Justin Currie , will be available at comic retailers August 24 . The standard comic will cost $ 3.99 , but a collector 's graphic novel will also be available online for $ 7.99 , according to the statement .	A comic book detailing the life of Prince Harry will be available August 24 "  It 's time to focus our attention on the Wild Child , " the publisher says The comic is a companion to "  The Royals : Prince William and Kate Middleton "
CNN  -- Cricket officials plan to commemorate the victims of the New Zealand earthquake when the country 's national team plays neighboring Australia at the World Cup in India on Friday . Emergency workers are searching for survivors after at least 65 people were killed in a 6.3-magnitude quake in the southern hemisphere nation 's second-biggest city Christchurch on Tuesday . "  At times like this , sport can only offer its support and its deepest sympathy to those who have lost loved ones during such a tragedy , " International Cricket Council chief executive Haroon Lorgat said in a statement . "  It 's a helpless feeling but I will be discussing with the organizers of the Cricket World Cup how we can most appropriately remember those who lost their lives or have been injured and affected when the Black Caps play their next match against Australia in Nagpur on Friday . " New Zealand Cricket 's headquarters is based in Christchurch , which is reeling from its second serious earthquake in six months . The first in September was stronger but caused no fatalities . It is the South Island 's third tragedy in that period , following the mine explosion that killed 29 people in November . "  The news we have is that the NZC offices have been severely damaged but thankfully everyone who works for NZC seems to have escaped without injury , " Lorgat said . The New Zealand players opened their World Cup campaign on Sunday with a comfortable win over Kenya , but are now preparing for a much more difficult task against four-time champions Australia . "  The greatest thing I think we can do for everyone is win our game against Australia . That 'll bring a little bit of light relief to a lot of people going through a tough time , " captain Daniel Vettori told the NZC website on Tuesday . "  It 's been a tough morning . Five or six guys from the team and the management are based in Christchurch . It 's been a rough time for them finding out that their families are safe . "  For everyone within the team , they have family or friends in Christchurch so they 're feeling it too . Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the Canterbury community . " Some of the Kiwi players wrote about the situation on social networking website Twitter . "  Everyone 's families are fine . But quite a numb and flat feeling in the squad . Training was tough yet surprisingly the quality very high , " said Scott Styris . Netherlands captain Peter Borren , who was in action against England in Nagpur on Tuesday , was born in Christchurch and actually played for New Zealand at youth level before switching international allegiances in 2006 . "  I managed to get hold of my immediate family , who were all okay , so that was a relief , " he said at a press conference after the match . "  Obviously it 's a tragedy and it 's been a tough day back in Christchurch . Hopefully everyone can look after themselves and move on . " Borren scored 35 not out as team lost by six wickets after setting England a victory target of 293 in 50 overs , with Ryan ten Doeschate top-scoring on 119 for the Dutch . England passed that with more than an over to spare , as captain Andrew Strauss led the way with 88 and Jonathan Trott scored 62 . The venue for the tournament 's April 2 final , Mumbai 's Wankhede Stadium , has been cleared by fire safety officials following earlier concerns , the Press Trust of India reported Tuesday . Christchurch , meanwhile , is scheduled to host seven matches at the 2011 Rugby World Cup in September and October , including two quarterfinals . The International Rugby Union said it was too early to evaluate whether the city would be able to fulfill its commitments . "  The thoughts and deepest sympathies of the global rugby family are with the people of Christchurch , their families and all New Zealanders at this very difficult time , " it said in a statement . "  We feel it would be inappropriate to comment at this stage on the status of Rugby World Cup 2011 infrastructure or operations . The focus at this point must be on the emergency response . "	ICC plans memorial for Christchurch earthquake victims at Cricket World Cup match New Zealand players reveal families safe following 6.3-magnitude quake on Tuesday Captain Daniel Vettori says his team are determined to beat Australia on Friday Rugby officials say it is too early to evaluate impact on this year 's World Cup in NZ
CNN  -- Justin Lemire-Elmore would be the first to admit he 's a bit of a revolutionary . This is a guy whose teen years included teaching himself how to build bombs in his parents ' basement . At 14 , while trying to be the first on his block to make explosives , Lemire-Elmore accidentally burned the skin off half his face . "  My sister took me to the clinic and I was all bandaged up for two weeks , " he says on the phone from his business in Vancouver , British Columbia . "  My parents just figured I would take that lesson to heart and be more careful . " Now a 29-year-old engineer and business owner , Lemire-Elmore has found himself among the vanguard of a thriving online counterculture . This group rejects traditional bicycles , and chooses to make their own bikes propelled by battery-powered electric motors . Many of them believe they 're helping to create future communities that will have fewer polluting vehicles and less traffic congestion . See e-bikes "  hacked " by CNN iReporters The e-bike revolution is starting on the Web as people "  hack together their own electric-assist bike projects , " Lemire-Elmore said . Within the next 20 years , he believes , e-bikes will change the way most city-dwellers commute to work . At online group sites like Yahoo 's power-assist and e-motor assist or elsewhere at endless-sphere . com , parents , students , teens , tinkerers and other e-bike enthusiasts share tips on how to motorize their bicycles to achieve speeds up to 35 mph without pedaling . Some of them , for example , ask how to soup up their recumbent bikes so they can tow their children in makeshift trailers . The underground e-bike movement is fueled by people from all backgrounds , with many different motivations behind their e-bike interests . Some of them , says Lemire-Elmore , have rejected cars after losing loved ones in deadly accidents . Others are driven by environmental concerns and have strong anti-oil sentiments . "  But for me , it comes from a sense of embarrassment in this society -- this is really the best we can do ? " Lemire-Elmore rails against the status quo of cities jammed with thousands of people in cars , trapped in traffic gridlock , wasting untold amounts of energy . In China , an estimated 22 million e-bikes will be sold in 2010 alone , according to Electric Bikes Worldwide Reports . Europe will see a million e-bikes sold . Compare that to 300,000 e-bikes in the U.S. "  Gas at $ 10 per gallon would really spark the industry in the United States , " says EBWR publisher Frank Jamerson . "  Gas prices are closer to that number in China and in Europe and that 's where all the sales momentum is in the e-bike area . " "  Chinese citizens embraced electric bikes and changed China 's plan to focus their infrastructure on autos , " says Lemire-Elmore , whose buoyant demeanor belies his tenacity about asserting electric bikers ' rights . "  A large percentage of the people doing home-built conversions are running things that blatantly violate regulations for electric bicycles , " says Lemire-Elmore . "  I 'm fine with that , in the sense that I 'm somebody who believes very strongly in doing what you think is right rather than what is the law . " Like Lemire-Elmore , e-bikers in the relatively bike-friendly state of Colorado are butting heads with tradition . In city halls , e-bikers are lobbying to gain access to bike lanes , bike paths and bike parks -- where motorized vehicles including e-bikes are often banned . Residents acknowledge occasional roadway confrontations between e-bikers and non-motorized bicyclists -- ranging from friendly teasing to outright animosity . Dean Keyek-Franssen , co-owner of Pete 's eBikes stores in the Colorado towns of Boulder , Aspen and Frisco , describes bicyclists with skintight bike clothing as "  Lycra-bound . " "  You will have a Lycra-bound person passing an electric bike rider , telling her to get out of the bike lane , " says Keyek-Franssen . "  And it 's just this elitist biking community that we have here in Boulder -- and that 's great , it 's a biking community -- as is Portland and Minneapolis -- and it comes with the territory . " Turned off by showroom price tags on factory-made bikes -- some as high as $ 3,500 -- many e-bike hackers are turned on by building their own rigs that are often faster and more powerful . Gallery : e-trikes , motor kits and enclosed vehicles Hackers are actually beneficial to the e-bike industry , says Keyek-Franssen , because they 're helping to get more electric bikes into the marketplace . "  At the same time it 's a problem because typically those bikes are n't engineered well where some component may fail , " he says . "  And that can be dangerous if they 're going too fast on a bike path . " About a mile down Pearl Street from Keyek-Franssen 's shop is University Bicycles , Boulder 's oldest and largest bike store . General manager Lester Binegar -- whose job used to be selling e-bikes -- is no fan . "  The technology has come a long way and I do think they 're better than using a car -- but I just think it 's lazy Americanism , " Binegar says . "  It 's like we 're still trying to avoid doing some work that is n't that hard -- work that will make you feel great . " Lemire-Elmore believes the culture at traditional bike stores can be closed-minded -- which has contributed to a widespread attitude against e-bikes . "  People with electric bicycles are often shunned whenever they go to bike stores for parts or for repairs . " Experts who design community bike plans for roadway bike traffic and off-road bike paths generally do n't factor in e-bikes , says Jennifer Toole of Toole Design Group . "  It 's kind of a wait-and-see approach to electric bikes , " says Toole , whose firm designed Seattle 's Bicycle Master Plan and has projects in 15 states . "  If electric bikes become really popular , cities will start dealing with them . " If that happens , she says , the result will likely be more bike lanes and a re-evaluation of whether bikes should be allowed on sidewalks . Lemire-Elmore demonstrated the viability of e-bikes in 2008 , when he rode one 4,350 miles coast to coast from Vancouver to Halifax , Nova Scotia , in just two months . During the entire journey , his super-efficient battery-powered motor used a scant $ 8.57 worth of electricity . For other revolutionaries who think two electric-assisted wheels are too many , Lemire-Elmore has developed an electric unicycle . See CNN iReport video of his electric unicycle . Unicycles are harder to ride than bikes , but more portable and easier to carry onto trains or buses . By 2011 , Lemire-Elmore is hoping to produce an electric-assist conversion kit for unicycles . What 's next ? How about an electric skateboard ? "  It 's illegal to ride a skateboard to work in almost every city in North America , " Lemire-Elmore says . "  And yet somebody riding a skateboard to work is using a fraction of the resources of somebody driving an SUV , which is fully sanctioned by the law . " "  I think there would be a strong underground culture of people that would totally embrace it regardless of whether it 's legal . I want to be one of the people who champions that . " CNN 's Cody McCloy contributed to this report .	Web counterculture of tinkerers "  hacks " bikes into faster electric bikes Engineer Justin Lemire-Elmore predicts a "  bicycle revolution " within 20 years In China , 22 million e-bikes sold this year ; 300,000 in the U.S. Both sides acknowledge animosity between e-bikers and traditional bicyclists
Heaps of trash pile up for miles in Kibera , a district of Nairobi that houses nearly 1 million people and is one of the poorest slums in the world . Aluminum shanties fill the horizon , and an odor of urine cuts through the air . A man trots through the narrow , unpaved streets on a camel . If you make your way through this crowded maze , however , you will find the Kibera Girls Soccer Academy , a free public school for girls and , recently , a few boys . Peek in through the windows , and you 'll see a sight that seems incongruous next to the grimy chaos outside . In this school , where there is no electricity and temperatures often top 90 degrees , dozens of students in neat wool uniforms are sliding their fingers across touch screens , reading a lesson on their Amazon Kindle e-reader . The students , who range in age from 14 to 20 , are cheerful , welcoming and quick to share the genres of books they like to read in both Swahili and English . Their school is one of 28 participating in a program with Worldreader , a nonprofit organization based in San Francisco that provides modern technology -- usually Kindles -- to improve literacy in the most impoverished parts of the world . By expanding access to education in areas where books are a scarce resource , the Worldreader team is trying to break the cycle of poverty , one electronic page at a time . For years , nonprofits , churches and donors have sent shipment after shipment of books to poor African villages in hopes of boosting literacy . But according to Colin McElwee , who founded Worldreader in 2010 with David Risher , there 's a better way . "  Donating paper books to a place like Africa is well-intentioned , but it 's actually ill-informed , " McElwee said . "  You ca n't actually get the right books to the people you want to get to , at the time they need it . It 's very expensive and highly inefficient . " Carrying heavy loads of books is not practical for Kenyan students who often have to walk miles to and from school . E-readers , however , are a different story . They 're lightweight and portable and give students access to entire libraries , including books from African publishers . To date , nearly 4,000 students in nine sub-Saharan African countries have read more than 1.7 million e-books through Worldreader . The e-readers give students access to a much greater variety of titles than they had access to without the devices . Although many students had never used a computer before , they quickly learned how . A pilot program several years ago in Ghana found that the Worldreader program boosted reading test scores for primary students by up to 7.6 % , although benefits for older students were less clear . In the beginning , Worldreader founders admit that they worried about theft . The students , after all , go home to a community filled with poverty . To their surprise , fewer than 1 % of the e-readers have gone missing . "  Books and education are really the way out of this , and people take great care of books and education , " McElwee said . Opening doors Doris Achola , an 18-year-old student who graduated from the academy last year and is now preparing for college , says the e-books she 's read have been an inspiration . "  I read many stories  about people  who have been through many challenges , " she said . Achola says she has a new outlook on life after reading about people like herself who have overcome poverty to become successful . It 's a different way of life than what she sees in her neighborhood , where girls are often forced to marry young and education is considered a privilege . Current student Veronica Adhiambo , 8 , says she loves her Kindle because it 's so light compared with the heavy books she used to carry to and from school . When she gets home , she often shares the device with her friends and family so they too can read . Veronica says she wants to become a teacher . She knows that reading as many books as she can will help her pass the exams and follow her dreams . In other words , the Kindle may be her key to a better life . Abdul Kassim , executive director of the Kibera Girls Soccer Academy , started the school to address gender inequality in the community by offering a free education to girls . He says there 's a long waiting list to get in because in Kenya , education and textbooks are very expensive . Kassim believes that the e-readers are the best thing that has ever happened to his school and his students ' educations . "  That 's why the Kindle is very important , " he said . "  It means their life . " Kassim says he 's seen dramatic improvements in reading ability and comprehension among his students with Kindles . His wish is for every student and every teacher to one day have an e-reader . In a country where leaders are pushing for more technology for students  in 2013 , Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta pledged to provide free laptops to all schoolchildren  , a Kindle may be a more practical solution . The device can hold a charge for two weeks when Wi-Fi is turned off , which is a boon in areas where electricity is scarce . Worldreader relies on donations and gets its Kindles at cost . Through a discounted deal with shipping company DHL , the e-readers arrive in Africa loaded with books and fully charged . Most schools in the program have a room with outlets in case power runs low . Worldreader tailors the contents of each e-reader to the needs of specific schools and classes . McElwee says he 's in constant communication with the schools , collecting and tracking data to learn what works and what does n't . As McElwee sees it , it 's not enough to just provide books ; they must provide books that students want to read . Future success Risher , Worldreader 's president , says that continued involvement in schools is vital to the future success of the program . "  Nonprofits that drop technology into communities usually find that the community 's habits and culture are far stronger than the technology , so after some time -- a few months , a few years -- nobody is using the technology anymore , " he said . "  So what we do is n't just send a product to people . We 're creating a system that brings publishers , e-reader manufacturers , teachers , children and communities together so that everyone can read more . We hope that not only will we improve millions of lives but also create habits and structures that endure for many years . " Students do n't have to have an e-reader to benefit from Worldreader . The organization also created an app that allows students to read books on their cell phones  cell phone penetration is as high as 80 % in developing countries ; in Kenya , cell towers are everywhere  . The app makes learning even more portable and has been downloaded more than 335,000 times . "  Many people do n't think you can engage and read on such a small screen , but we have reams of data that proves this , " McElwee said . "  People are reading for hours on end , not only starting books but completing them . " By working with African publishers , Worldreader ensures that the content students receive is culturally relevant . That makes the books easier for the kids to relate to and is a change from a time when schools had to rely on donors for reading material , no matter how far afield it was  "  The History of Utah , " for example . Lawrence Njagi , chairman of the Kenya Publishers Association , has worked with Worldreader for the past three to four years . He believes that getting books to Kenyans as cheaply and easily as possible is one of the most important things he 's achieved . "  Most of the population lives below $ 1 a day . Most books are $ 4 to $ 5 . Suddenly , we are able to unveil thousands of books costing much lower -- maybe cents . That makes a big difference , " he said . "  The most gratifying thing was to see a child with no shoes but reading an e-reader to other children . That , to me , was probably the best day of my life . "	A nonprofit called Worldreader brings e-readers to students in poor countries The devices are lightweight and allow students to access hundreds of books A Kenya school says the e-readers have helped improve reading comprehension Worldreader president : "  Books and education are really the way out " of poverty
CNN  -- Imagine that you wake up tomorrow morning and discover that during the night . Israeli planes had conducted a bombing raid on Iran . How would your world have changed ? Apart from the sensational headlines and breathless reports , the initial change might not be very significant . You would probably want to know whether the United States approved or assisted in the attack on Iran 's nuclear sites . In fact , it does n't really matter . Just about everyone in the world will assume that the U.S. was complicit , regardless of what Washington says . Let 's assume that Israel notified the Obama administration about the same time the planes were taking off , if only to ensure that U.S. aircraft and missiles in the Persian Gulf region would not interfere with the bombers and refueling aircraft as they passed over one or more Arab countries . But for Iran and just about everyone else , the fact that most of the Israeli aircraft and bombs were made in the U.S. would be all they needed to know . On that first morning , the U.N. Security Council would convene in emergency session to consider a resolution denouncing the Israeli raid . If the United States vetoed the resolution , that would remove any lingering doubt of U.S. complicity . Perhaps more significant , however , would be European support of the resolution . This would signal the beginning of the collapse of the sanctions coalition against Iran that had been so laboriously assembled over the past several years . Both the Europeans and the Americans had operated on the tacit belief that crippling sanctions were an alternative to war . With the outbreak of war , that assumption would no longer be valid . What would Iran do ? Everyone would be poised for a massive military response . They might be surprised . Iran would almost certainly give the required 90 days notice of its intention to quit the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and terminate inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency . Iranian officials would not necessarily announce that they intended to proceed with development of a nuclear weapon , but they would certainly make clear that as a nonnuclear state that had been attacked by another state with nuclear weapons , that was a decision that was entirely up to them . All enriched uranium stocks would be removed from IAEA seal , and all monitoring cameras would be removed . A different twist would be introduced if Iran had succeeded in shooting down one or more of the Israeli planes . One or more Israeli pilots in Iranian hands would sharply increase the risk of further escalation by either the United States or Israel . Of more general significance , the markets would realize that some two million barrels a day of Iranian oil were now removed from the world market for an indeterminate period of time , and the price of oil would jump . The head of the IMF has suggested that an immediate increase of 20 % to 30 % could be expected . But that could be just the beginning . It is not hard to imagine that , in the days following the attack , there would suddenly be unexplained pipeline explosions in Iraq , possibly by pro-Iranian militias , which might remove another million barrels per day from the market . The Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan  BTC  pipelineÂ from the Caspian Sea to the Mediterranean might also be attacked . Moreover , one might expect disruptions in oil delivery and loading in Arab ports up and down the Gulf , some because of sabotage but others from cyberattacks on the control systems . Iran would attribute these to "  the hand of God , " but the more pragmatic effect would be a very substantial portion of the world 's oil suddenly removed from world supply . If sustained over more than a few weeks , the scramble to replace large volumes of Persian Gulf and Caspian oil would drive up the price of oil , and gasoline , to unprecedented heights . That would constitute a huge tax on the world 's economies , just at the moment when they were showing signs of recovery from the Great Recession . Extremely vulnerable economies , such as the southern European states , could be tipped into bankruptcy , but all states would face significant challenges as a surge in transportation and manufacturing costs rippled through all aspects of their industries . This is Iran 's true weapon of mass destruction . Regardless of whether Iran should choose to retaliate openly against U.S. forces or Israel , it would be extremely difficult for the United States to avoid entering into a third Middle East war . Most of the top security officials in the Pentagon have warned against such a war , so the internal opposition in the administration is likely to be great . The combination of widespread opposition to Iran , however , and the appeal of self-defense would be difficult to resist , particularly in an election year . Most experts agree that the Iranian nuclear program can not be eliminated ultimately without an actual military presence on the ground and forcible regime change . The American public , showing real signs of war weariness after two ground wars over more than a decade , is unlikely to be enthusiastic about a military confrontation with Iran that is likely to be far more costly and indeterminate than either Iraq or Afghanistan . That could prompt a public debate about the extent of U.S. and Israeli common interests . The danger of such an outcome was hinted by Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak when he suggested to the Knesset that "  Israel should increase its sensitivity , awareness and attentiveness to requirements based on the reality in the United States and adopt a policy that strengthens the special relationship between the two countries . " The biggest threat , however , would not be the first day or even the first week after an Israeli attack . The greatest threat might well be the first year or more after an attack , particularly if a major economic crisis was accompanied by growing evidence that Iran had proceeded underground and out of sight of the international community to produce a nuclear weapon . That would make our present situation , before any attack , look wonderfully attractive by comparison . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gary Sick .	Gary Sick : If Israel bombed Iran nuclear sites , most of the world would believe U.S. was involved Sick : Europe would support a U.N. resolution condemning it and likely end Iran sanctions Iran would be justified in having nukes , he says ; U.S. would likely enter another Mideast war Fragile world economies would collapse under skyrocketing oil and gas prices , he writes
CNN  -- Robert Kubica 's Lotus-Renault team said Monday that the F1 star was "  much better " after undergoing emergency surgery in an Italian hospital following his crash while competing in a motor rally . The 26-year-old Pole spent the night in an induced coma after a seven-hour operation to repair multiple fractures to his right arm and hand . Kubica required several transfusions during the procedure to stabilize his condition after losing a lot of blood following the high-speed accident . But in a statement on the team 's official website , they said that Kubica had been briefly woken by doctors at the Santa Corona hospital in Pietra Ligure and was able to talk to his relatives . "  He was also able to move his fingers , which is an encouraging sign for the rest of the recovery process , " it said . Dr. Mario Igor Rosello , the specialist who operated on Kubica , claimed the lack of swelling or infection on his right forearm was also a "  good sign " but added it will be "  several days before it is known if the operation is 100 per cent successful . " Kubica badly hurt in rallying crash Kubica suffered multiple fractures to his right arm and leg after hitting a guard rail when he lost control of his Skoda Fabia during the Ronde de Andorra rally in Italy . With the first race of the new Formula One season in Bahrain next month , his Lotus Renault team defended Kubica 's decision to take part in a rally so close to the start of the season . "  He loves rallying , " team boss Eric Boullier told Italian news agency Ansa . "  We knew the risks and so did he . We did n't want a robot or a corporate man for a driver . It was agreed . " Kubica finished 2010 in eighth position and was due to start his fifth campaign as a first-choice driver , but there are now doubts as to whether the former Sauber driver will be fit to play any part in the 2011 campaign . When asked about the length of time it could take for 2008 Canadian Grand Prix winner to recover , Rossello is reported by the BBC to have said , "  One year . One year is the best provision . " Kubica also suffered fractures to his shoulder and elbow and Lotus Renault said the hospital would decide over the next few days if further operations were necessary on these injuries . Support has been offered from throughout the close-knit world of F1 for the only Polish driver to have ever driven at this level , including a specially-designed "  Twibbon " on the social-networking site Twitter . McLaren 's 2009 world champion Jenson Button tweeted , "  Shocking news about Robert Kubica . I wish him a speedy recovery . " Another driver to offer his sympathies was Williams ' veteran Brazilian Rubens Barrichello , who used his Twitter blog to say , "  I would like to ask you for your best wishes to Kubica , " and "  we all like him and he deserves all the best . " If Kubica is unable to take to the grid for the start of the season , Lotus Renault may choose to promote one of their two reserve drivers . The team 's two options are Bruno Senna , who raced for HRT in 2010 , and Frenchman Romain Grosjean . The 2011 Formula One season is set to get underway at Bahrain 's International Circuit on March 13 .	NEW : Lotus-Renault say Robert Kubica "  much better " after his rally crash Kubica required seven-hour emergency operation to his right hand and arm Surgeon claims it will be several days before it is known if surgery fully successful His team defend the Pole 's decision to race in a motor rally
Accra , Ghana  CNN  -- Thousands of mourners gathered Friday in the West African nation of Ghana to pay their respects to the late President John Atta Mills , as his funeral was held in the capital , Accra . Mills died last month at age 68 , prompting outpourings of grief from many Ghanaians . Ghanaians from all walks of life , many dressed in the traditional black and red of mourning , thronged Independence Square in Accra to witness the ceremony , in a show of national unity . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was among the many foreign dignitaries who traveled to Ghana for the funeral . Ghana 's Deputy Minister of Information Samuel Okudzeto-Ablakwa said 67 foreign delegations were represented from all over the world . More than 15 heads of state , including almost all the West African leaders , attended the ceremony , which ended with the release of 100 doves into the air . Can Ghana 's economy prosper against the odds ? After the ceremony , the casket was laid to rest near Osu Castle , the seat of government where Mills had lived and worked since he became president . The late president 's body was laid out for public viewing Wednesday and Thursday . Some of the visiting heads of state took turns to file past the body Friday morning . Giant screens were set up around the country for those who could not travel to Accra to watch the ceremony . One Ghanaian mourner at the funeral said he prayed for the sense of unity that has followed Mills ' death to continue . "  I 'm confident we will have an even more peaceful election this December because most Ghanaians I have spoken to say they enjoy the atmosphere and will urge the politicians to keep it that way " , he said . Mills died suddenly at a military hospital a few hours after becoming ill , his Chief of Staff John Henry Martey Newman said in a statement at the time . The president had denied rumors about his health for months before his death . John Dramani Mahama , formerly Ghana 's vice president , was sworn in as the country 's new president within hours of his death on July 24 . Ghana swears in new president after leader 's death Taking office , he paid tribute to Mills as a "  prince of peace " who "  brought a distinctive insight into Ghanaian politics . " Mills , a former law professor and a tax expert , was Ghana 's vice president from 1997 to 2000 . He became president in 2009 , narrowly winning a runoff vote , having unsuccessfully run for the top office in 2000 and 2004 . Before his political career , he taught at the University of Ghana and also was a visiting lecturer at Temple University in Pennsylvania and Leiden University in the Netherlands . Mills ' death came several days after he celebrated his 68th birthday . He had said he would run for re-election in December . U.S. President Barack Obama met with Mills when he visited Ghana in July 2009 . Obama praised the country as a model for democracy and stability when Mills visited Washington this year , saying that it had become "  a wonderful success story economically on the continent . " British Prime Minister David Cameron described Mills as "  a tireless defender of democracy in West Africa and across the continent . " Part of a former British colony , Ghana was among the first African countries to gain independence , in 1957 . It endured a series of coups before a military dictator , Jerry Rawlings , took power in 1981 . Rawlings led Ghana through a transition to democracy about 10 years later . Journalist Israel Laryea contributed to this report .	NEW : Doves are released into the air as mourners pay respects to their late leader NEW : Mills is laid to rest near Osu Castle in Accra , the capital of Ghana U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is among the visiting dignitaries John Dramani Mahama was sworn in as the new president within hours of Mills ' death
CNN  -- West Indies batsman Chris Gayle entered the record books on day two of the first Test with Sri Lanka by hitting a majestic 333 . Gayle became only the fourth player in history to register his second triple-hundred -- matching the feat of Australian legend Don Bradman , fellow West Indian Brian Lara and Virender Sehwag , of India . The opener 's huge total allowed the West Indies to compile a mammoth 580-9 declared in their first innings , with Sri Lanka reaching 54-1 in reply before play closed for the day . Resuming overnight on 219 , Gayle went on to compile the 12th highest Test total ever and the first ever triple-century by a West Indies player away from home . Gayle took 437 balls to complete his highest ever score , surpassing the 317 he made against South Africa at Antigua in 2005 , and hit 34 fours and nine sixes . The highest ever score in Test matches is held by Lara , who hit 400 not out against England at the Antigua Recreation Ground in 2003 . Adrian Barath , Darren Bravo and Brendan Nash also hit half centuries as the West Indies declared on 580 . Andre Russell dismissed Sri Lankan opener Tillakaratne Dilshan for a duck but Kumar Sangakkara and Tharanga Paranavitana helped the hosts to 54-1 at the close . Meanwhile , a double century from Brendon McCullum ensured New Zealand drew the second Test with India in Hyderabad . The Kiwi hit 225 as the visitors reached 448-8 in their second innings before declaring . India , needing an implausible 327 for victory , made 68-0 before the close . The series remains 0-0 with just one match to play , starting in Nagpur on Saturday . Elsewhere , Younus Khan hit an unbeaten 131 as South Africa and Pakistan drew the first Test in Dubai . Younus shared a partnership of 186 with skipper Misbah-ul-Haq on his first Test appearance for 16 months before the teams decided on a draw with Pakistan requiring 108 runs to win from 13 overs . The second and final Test of the series starts in Abu Dhabi on Saturday .	West Indies batsman Chris Gayle hits 333 in first Test against Sri Lanka West Indies declared on 580-9 with Sri Lanka making 54-1 at the close of day two Brendon McCullum hits a double hundred as New Zealand draw second Test with India Pakistan and South Africa draw first Test in two-match series in Dubai
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A Chinese mother , desperate for her son to come home for the upcoming Lunar New Year , has placed a full page ad in a newspaper in Australia , saying she wo n't pressure him to get married anymore . "  Dear Peng , I 've called you many times but you do n't pick up , maybe you will see this , " the anonymous mother wrote , according to a copy of the ad provided to CNN by the newspaper . "  Dad and mom wo n't ever force you to get married anymore , come home for Chinese New Year ! From your mom who loves you . " The ad , which appeared on the front page of the Chinese Melbourne Daily on Tuesday , would cost $ 2,796.80 Australian dollars  $ 2465  , according to its advertising rate card . The newspaper , which serves the city 's Chinese community , has a circulation of 18,000 , according to its website . "  We assume from the ad that the mother is from mainland China and her son is living in Melbourne , " said Cecil Huang , the paper 's editor . The mother , who lives in Guangzhou had placed the ad after losing contact with her son , reported state-media Xinhua news agency . Every year around this time , many Chinese prepare to head home for China 's most important festival . But many of the younger generation dread facing family confrontations about their love life . On the online Chinese forum Tianya.cn , a single man asked for advice on facing his family . "  It 's almost that time of the year , how should I explain to my family and relatives that I am single ? " a user in Guangzhou "  1979xiaozhu " posted . Many of the replies were telling him to not go home instead . User "  qianlidaiwanwoduxing " wrote : "  Going home means they will either arrange blind dates for you or you get scolded . " "  This year my mom gave me an ultimatum . One , bring 50,000 yuan , second , bring a wife home . If I do n't have both then she said I do n't need to come home . What a tragedy , " said user "  fghjkh84 . " Those who ca n't handle the pressure of nagging parents can rent a boyfriend for the day through China 's online shopping giant , Taobao.com . Rental counterfeit boyfriends come with services such as meeting the parents , shopping and watching movies . One customer left a satisfied review for her purchase . "  He was very nice and humorous . He knows how to cook and offers to carry things when shopping . Dad and mom are very happy , " the anonymous reviewer wrote . Opinion : Why i dread Chinese New Year Afraid to go home for Chinese New Year ? You 're not alone	Mother 's front page ad begs son to come home for Lunar New Year She promises not to force him to get married anymore Many young singles dread going home to face probing questions about their love lives Some resort to renting fake boyfriends online to get parents off their backs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A neighborhood in east London was getting back to normal Saturday after British Army engineers detonated a large World War II bomb unearthed this week on a building site , officials said . Army engineers covered the bomb with sand to minimise the risk of an explosion . An Army bomb disposal team carried out a controlled explosion on the 2,200-pound German warhead at 5:55 p.m.  12:55 p.m. ET  Friday , London 's Metropolitan Police said . Video of the blast showed brown dirt , debris and black smoke shooting into the air when the bomb went off . There were no reports of any injuries or damage to surrounding property after the blast , the police and Ministry of Defense said . The public was allowed back into the industrial neighborhood by Friday night , authorities said . Two subway lines and a rail line in the area , which were shut down after construction crews discovered the bomb Monday , were running normal service Saturday , transportation officials said . London 's transit authority , Transport for London  TfL  , said the police and army gave permission for its engineers to check the tracks less than an hour after the controlled explosion . The tracks were clear of debris and damage and services resumed at 7:13 p.m.  2:13 p.m. ET  , TfL said . Contractors preparing a waterway near the site of the future Olympic Park discovered the bomb Monday . The Ministry of Defense said the bomb , which measured four feet by two feet , was the largest one found in the capital since 1975 . The bomb was "  enormous , " said Simon Saunders , a spokesman for the British Army 's London district . At one point during the week the bomb started ticking , which suggested a timing device , Saunders said . Disposal experts put strong magnets next to the bomb to shut down the clockwork and the ticking stopped , he said . It 's not uncommon for World War II-era bombs to be unearthed in Europe . In London , which suffered the aerial bombardment of the Blitz , bombs are uncovered two or three times a year , Saunders said . The London Blitz lasted from September 1940 until May 1941 . German bombers attacked the city every day or night for the first two months , but the worst night was the last -- May 10 , 1941 , when 3,000 people were killed in London , according to the Museum of London . Much of the Blitz focused on east London . In all , more than 20,000 people were killed in the Blitz , short for "  Blitzkrieg , " the German word for "  lightning war . "	British Army engineers detonate a large World War II bomb in London Ministry of Defense : Bomb was the largest found in the capital since 1975 Disposal experts used strong magnets to stop timer after bomb started ticking
CNN  -- A wonder goal from French international Philippe Mexes helped seven-time winners AC Milan into the last 16 of the European Champions League with a 3-1 win at 10-man Anderlecht Wednesday . With an effort reminiscent of Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's incredible goal for Sweden against England earlier this month , Mexes scored with an acrobatic bicycle kick to put Milan 2-0 ahead in a vital game . Anderlecht conceded a 70th minute free kick after Bram Nuytinck was shown red for bringing down Alexandre Pato as he burst clear . Ricardo Montolivo took the kick to set up Mexes to control the ball on his chest before unleashing his strike from outside the penalty area and into the home goal . With Group C winners Malaga held 2-2 at Zenit St Petersburg earlier in the day , both teams sought three points to seal the runners-up spot . Stephan El Shaarawy put the Serie A side ahead just after half time before Mexes added his stunning effort . Tom De Sutter pulled one back for the Belgian side , but Milan had Pato to thank for a late third to seal the victory . In the formidable Group D , Manchester City exited the competition as they were held to a 1-1 home draw by 10-man Real Madrid . It is the second successive year the English Premier League champions have failed to progress from the group stages and with a round of matches still remaining . Borussia Dortmund have won the group after their 4-1 drubbing of Ajax Amsterdam , with Real advancing to the last 16 in second place . Real went ahead through Karim Benzema in the ninth minute , allowed time and space by City defender Maicon to convert an Angel Di Maria cross . Jose Mourinho 's men had ample opportunities to make the game safe , with Cristiano Ronaldo wasting the best chance . The home side improved in the second half and were rewarded for their efforts when Alvaro Arbeloa clumsily pulled down Sergio Aguero to concede a penalty and earn his marching orders for a second yellow card . Aguero converted from the spot in the 73rd minute , but Roberto Mancini 's side could not press home the advantage of an extra man . German champions Dortmund continued their impressive form in Amsterdam with Marco Reus putting them ahead early against their Dutch counterparts . Mario Goetze capped a fine display with the second goal while Poland striker Robert Lewandowski scored either side of half-time . Striker Danny Hoesen grabbed a late consolation for the hosts who are still battling Manchester City for the Europa League spot for third place in the group in the final round of games . In Group B , Schalke and Arsenal booked their passage to the knockout stages with home victories over Olympiakos and Montpellier . Royal Blues Schalke needed a late strike from Christian Fuchs to seal their 1-0 win and stay one point clear of the EPL side at the top of the section . Arsenal beat the French champions 2-0 with Jack Wilshere , returning to his best form after injury , setting them on their way just after half time . German international Lukas Podolski fired a magnificent second goal for the Gunners on 63 minutes . Big-spending Paris Saint Germain qualified for the group stages for the second time with a 2-0 win at Dynamo Kiev . Ezekiel Lavezzi scored both goals for PSG , who are still pressing Porto for top spot in Group A. Porto thrashed bottom club Dinamo Zagreb 3-0 to stay a point clear .	Philippe Mexes wonder goal helps AC Milan progress Dortmund win Group D after 4-1 win at Ajax Amsterdam Man City exit Champions League after 1-1 draw at home to Real Madrid Schalke and Arsenal qualify from Group B
CNN  -- It was a love affair begun long before the levees broke . From left , U2 's The Edge , Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day and Bono perform at the Superdome in 2006 . Before the images of a crowded and toxic Superdome and desperate survivors waving down help from rooftops , entertainers the world over had a special place in their hearts for New Orleans -- the sultry Louisiana city that served as muse to musicians , playwrights and novelists for more than a century before Hurricane Katrina roared into the city four years ago this week . Celebrity response to disasters was nothing new . From George Harrison 's Concert for Bangladesh in 1971 to Live Aid and USA for Africa in the early '80s , musicians and others have acted in times of need . But something about Katrina -- something about New Orleans -- spurred an unprecedented response from the entertainment world that continues four years later , experts and activists say . "  Anybody , whether they 're a performer or not , who has studied or been touched by American music has been touched by New Orleans , " said Jordan Hirsch , director of the nonprofit aid group Sweet Home New Orleans . "  It 's jazz . It 's R&B . It 's funk . ... For everybody of every generation who 's making music in America , there 's a touchstone in New Orleans that has affected their work . " In the days after the floods , many of the rich and famous stepped up with perhaps the most obvious response , writing a check . George Clooney donated $ 1 million to United Way and Oprah Winfrey added another million through her Angel Network and urged her famous friends to follow suit . Director Steven Spielberg gave $ 750,000 to the Red Cross and another $ 750,000 to the Bush-Clinton Fund . Hip-hop stars P. Diddy and Jay Z pitched in with big checks , as did actor Nicholas Cage and singers Celine Dion and Hillary Duff . Michael Jackson donated the proceeds of a song , "  From the Bottom of My Heart , " to relief efforts and actor Jamie Foxx raised $ 600,000 -- including $ 200,000 paid for a date with Paris Hilton -- through a celebrity auction . Others took more direct action . John Travolta flew relief supplies into the region on his private plane , Sean Penn took a private boat  albeit a leaky one  into New Orleans to rescue people . Brad Pitt founded the Make It Right Foundation , an organization dedicated to rebuilding the Lower 9th Ward in New Orleans . Almost to a person , the performers who stepped up cited a special love for the city 's artistic tradition -- from the Creole brass bands that invented jazz in the city 's streets to the colorful Mardi Gras krewes whose elaborate floats and costumes are an emblem of the city 's annual pre-Lent bacchanal . U2 guitarist The Edge helped form Music Rising , a group initially dedicated to providing instruments for New Orleans musicians who had lost their own during the floods . The group gave instruments to 2,700 musicians from the Gulf region before shifting its focus to helping churches and schools rebuild their music programs . "  The New Orleans tragedy was a twofold tragedy , " Edge said in 2006 during the city 's JazzFest . "  It was a tragedy because of the fact that this great city was devastated , but it was a tragedy because of the incredible music culture that was also destroyed . " As the city continues to struggle , assistance is still arriving in a way that 's different from the aftermath of most disasters , experts said . "  There have been some institutions created as a result of it , " said James Ferris , director of the University of Southern California 's Center on Philanthropy and Public Policy . "  It has sort of garnered ongoing attention , not from the general public as much as from organized philanthropy . " A key difference in the case of Katrina was the 24-hour media coverage the disaster received , at least some of which was spurred by celebrity responses , Ferris said . "  Obviously , that 's one of the assets that a celebrity brings to an endeavor , " Ferris said . "  It gets attention ; it gets name recognition . " Celebrity interest in Katrina , like other public causes , did n't come without some criticism . The Katrina response was part of what led Time magazine to dub 2005 the "  Year of Charitainment . " Some accused celebrities at the time of donating or volunteering simply to gain positive publicity or to take a swipe at then-President George Bush and perceptions his administration responded slowly and inadequately to the disaster . There were reports that Penn invited photographers to follow him during his boat rescue , a claim he denied and attributed to a single tabloid newspaper that spread the story . Penn , who had filmed a remake of the film "  All the King 's Men " in New Orleans and other parts of Louisiana , said getting attention was n't a concern during his mission , which he said rescued 40 people . "  You know , it does n't really matter , " he told CNN 's Larry King on September 7 , 2005 . "  The point was that , out of the benefit of celebrity , I could afford to get on an airplane and get down there . And we got a lot of people out of the water . The rest is for people to talk about . " Hirsch , whose Sweet Home New Orleans focuses on helping musicians and members of New Orleans ' famous Mardi Gras krewes , said there 's value in celebrity support , not just in their ability to raise or donate funds , but to spread the word and keep the story of New Orleans alive . "  They have fans that are listening to them and are interested in their point of view , " said Hirsch , whose organization has benefited from concerts by acts including the Indigo Girls , My Morning Jacket and former Rage Against the Machine front man Tom Morello . "  When an artist shares their point of view with an audience , that carries weight . "	Even before Katrina , entertainers had a special place in their hearts for New Orleans Katrina spurred unprecedented response from entertainment world that continues George Clooney , Oprah Winfrey , Steven Spielberg and others donated millions Others like John Travolta , Sean Penn and The Edge of U2 took more direct action
CNN  -- Educators and policymakers have long dreamed of providing universal , low cost , first-class higher education . Their wish may come true soon thanks to an unlikely source : Silicon Valley . The mecca of the technology universe is in the process of revolutionizing higher education in a way that educators , colleges and universities can not , or will not . One of the men responsible for what may be an Athens-like renaissance is Sebastian Thrun , Google 's vice president and pioneer in artificial intelligence and robotics . Known in science circles for his engineering feats -- like Stanley , the self-driving car -- Thrun is using his technological prowess to make quality higher education available to the world . I recently interviewed him on my radio show , "  Morning In America . " Last year , while teaching a graduate level artificial intelligence class at Stanford University , Thrun lamented that his course could only reach 200 students in the suburbs of Palo Alto . So , he decided to offer his own free online class , with the same homework , quizzes and tests that he gives to Stanford students . He announced the proposal with a single e-mail . Before he knew it , he had a flood of takers . "  Usually I reach about 200 students and now I reach 160,000 , " said Thrun incredulously . "  In my entire life of education I did n't have as much an impact on people as I had in these two months . " By utilizing online videos and educational resources , Thrun 's class was being accessed by students from all corners of the world . In fact , the students themselves translated the class for free from English into 44 languages . Until now , an overwhelming number of these students -- many in developing countries and lacking standard education credentials -- never would have had a chance at a Stanford-level education . Yet , their appetite for quality education was strong . Do we need a revolution in higher education ? In fact , of all the students taking Thrun 's class globally and at Stanford , the top 410 students were online . The 411th top performer was a Stanford student . "  We just found over 400 people in the world who outperformed the top Stanford student , " Thrun said . Realizing the potential at his fingertips , Thrun launched Udacity , an independent online education company that provides high quality education at low cost to virtually everyone . Udacity offers 11 STEM courses like "  Introduction to Physics , " "  Intro to Computer Science , " and "  Web Application Engineering " -- all free . There are no admissions offices and anyone can sign up . After the class , students can choose to certify their skills online or in one of Udacity 's 4,500 testing centers for a fee . Those certificates can then be sent to employers . In one course you can learn to make your own Google-style search engine in just seven weeks . The reaction has been overwhelming . "  People really want good education . There is a huge need , " Thrun said . "  Hundreds of thousands of people just sign up because they really care . They really want to advance themselves and their lives and they do n't want to pay $ 50,000 or $ 100,000 to get there . " The classes are structured much like university classes . But instead of traditional types of lectures , all-star professors give video presentations that directly engage and challenge students . Thrun is using technology not only to transform educational access and curriculums , but also teaching . For the past thousand years , professors have been lecturing at students . " -LSB- It 's -RSB- like trying to lose weight by watching a professor exercise , " quips Thrun . Now he is leading a new charge -- interactive , student focused technology education . The results are inspiring . On my radio show alone early one morning , several listeners called in to say they already took classes through Udacity . One man had his sights set on graduate school but was too busy with family and work to ever finish along a traditional path . Now , through Udacity , he can take the STEM classes he wants when he wants . Another man , age 53 , decided to change careers and go back to a local college to study computer science . When he heard of Udacity , he dropped out of school and signed up for an online course . He said he learned more in several weeks with Udacity than he did in an entire semester at the local college , and he paid nothing for it . As you can imagine , Thrun 's enterprise has rattled the foundations of the education establishment . His critics say that a Udacity certificate is worth nothing and how can one know the true identity of a student on the free-for-all jungle that is the Internet ? I raised these questions to Thrun . He said Udacity has already partnered with more than 20 companies who verify and accept the certificates of course completion . Some are already hiring graduates of Udacity courses . Thrun is also working with other companies to design and tailor classes to specific needs in the work force . Soon , Udacity will be launching in-person testing centers to verify a student 's knowledge and skills . Udacity is simultaneously meeting the educational needs of the public and the vocational requirements of the labor force directly and efficiently , more so than we can say of many universities and colleges . I asked Thrun whether his enterprise and others like it will be the end of higher education as we know it -- exclusive enclaves for a limited number of students at high tuitions ? "  I think it 's the beginning of higher education , " Thrun replied . "  It 's the beginning of higher education for everybody . " Read more about education on Schools of Thought Much of traditional American higher education prides itself on a false promotion of diversity , opportunity and excellence . But to my knowledge , with one class alone , Thrun has provided a level of diversity , opportunity and academic rigor not seen before . People from any country , any background and any income level can receive an elite education at virtually no cost . We have been talking about equal educational opportunity for years . What is going on here may be its true advent . What 's wrong with America 's school system ? Share your thoughts , photos and videos with us on CNN iReport . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William J. Bennett .	Bill Bennett : We have dreamed of providing universal , low cost , first-class higher education Bennett : Thanks to Silicon Valley , and Sebastian Thrun , we may soon attain that dream He says Thrun 's Udacity is an inspiring model for the future of education Bennett : Traditional higher education has much to learn from Thrun 's enterprise
CNN  -- Any pedometer will count how much you 've walked , but a good , connected mobile app can push , encourage and sometimes even shame you into putting down the milkshake , getting out of the beanbag chair and meeting a fitness goal . Sensors that record data about your fitness , daily routines , vital signs , weight or sleep habits have been around for years , but at this year 's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , the spotlight is on devices that wirelessly sync data to the cloud and smartphone apps and how they use that information to effectively promote and maintain good health . Digital health tech is a booming area at CES this year with 210 booths in the section reserved for health technology companies . It 's a mixed bag of activity trackers , health insurance companies , smart scales , disease management tools and sports gadgets . Wearable sensors have become smaller , cheaper and more powerful in the past few years . More recently , low-energy Wi-Fi and Bluetooth synching capabilities have made syncing to smartphones , cracking open a world of product possibilities . On the show floor , sensors popped up in watches , wrist bands , belt clips , underwear and bra clips , in-ear headphones , fitness equipment and adhesive patches you wear on your skin . Many device makers said it was only a matter of time before they show up in everyday clothes , maybe even in your body . Here are some ways health tech is helping people now : Encouraging physical fitness The biggest booths are for the fitness trackers . Pedometers , devices that count steps and distance , have been around for hundreds of years ; they were first introduced to the U.S. by Thomas Jefferson . But recent technology has inspired a digital resurgence for the lowly pedometer , with tricked-out new devices that also track calories , how many stairs you climb and sleeping patterns . Fitness tracker company Fitbit unveiled its latest product , the Fitbit Flex , at CES . The $ 100 wristband comes in a variety of colors , is waterproof and has no display other than a tiny row of dots that light up . It automatically uploads data to your iPhone , Samsung Galaxy Note II or Samsung Galaxy S III every 15 minutes . Once synched , the data is displayed on the app or website as colorful graphs , your progress charted and goals outlined . The smartphone app acts as the hub for your Fitbit , as well as the company 's Aria smart scale . If food is something you need help monitoring , you can keep detailed logs of your meals to calculate how many calories you 've consumed . "  It 's not about the numbers , but how you can be motivated , " said Fitbit 's Woody Scal . Fitbit has integrated effective coaching and training tricks to keep users on track . For example , it can send encouraging or taunting text messages or e-mails and award badges , depending on what motivates you . It also acts as a little social network , letting you connect with and compete against friends . The teeny Fitbug Orb fitness tracker also records steps and sleep , but this round device is designed to fit into an assortment of holders , including a watch band or underwear clip . It also has an app and online coaching services but will only cost $ 50 when it comes out this summer . French company Withings debuted its newest smart scale at CES , the Smart Body Analyzer , which measures weight , body fat and your heart rate . A healthy home environment is important for health , so the scale tracks air quality , measuring Co2 levels and room temperature . The data is sent wirelessly to an iOS or Android device . The scale will be available in early 2013 and cost $ 150 . Keeping kids healthy Can video games be used to keep kids healthy ? UnitedHealthcare , the largest health care provider in the U.S. , thinks it 's possible . According to the CDC , 17 % of children and adolescents from 2 to 19 in the U.S. are obese . Investing in kids ' health now and lowering that percentage could save all health insurance companies money down the line . UnitedHealthcare just launched a test program in three schools using a popular video game to encourage exercise . It partnered with the makers of "  Dance Dance Revolution " on a gym-class friendly version of the popular dancing game . Up to 48 kids recreate the dances displayed on a large screen , while sensors in the wireless dance platforms record data about how well they are doing . The information is tracked over time and shared with the school , parents and the kid so everyone can see their progress . The idea is to make working out fun and gym class something to look forward to . "  We want to get it into areas where there are limited options for physical activity , " explained Robert Plourde , the vice president of innovation and research and development at UnitedHealthcare . The company is also working on an interesting beta project that turns an Xbox Kinect into a physical therapy coach . It counts reps and monitors the body 's movements to ensure the exercises are being done properly . The GeoPalz ibitz PowerKey activity tracker and paired mobile app are just for kids . The $ 50 pedometer , counts steps as "  keys , " which are points that can be collected to win prizes on Amazon , unlock game levels and earn badges . Parents can check in on their kids ' progress on their own smartphones . A headset that detects the brain 's electrical activity is being used to improve children 's mental health . NeuroSky 's $ 149 Focus Pocus game , released last year , helps people with ADHD hone concentration and impulse control skills . Players don the a headset and place an attached sensor on their forehead , which can tell when they are concentrating or distracted . As they play the wizard-themed game , they are rewarded for focusing and completing tasks . Trials of the game saw improvement in concentration after a period of training . More recently , Puzzlebox used the same technology to power a toy helicopter . Less therapeutic and more just cool , the Orbit flies up when you concentrate and can drop back down when you break concentration . The product , which started as a Kickstarter campaign , costs $ 189 and will begin shipping soon . Monitoring the chronically ill and seniors Some of the most promising developments in the health tech area are for people with chronic issues such as heart failure , Parkinson 's , hypertension or diabetes . With the right sensors and apps , they can take a reading at home and transmit data to the cloud , where their doctors can monitor progress and look for red flags that they might miss during a short office visit . Ideal Life 's connected systems include small devices that measure blood glucose , blood pressure , heart rates and oxygen saturation , and it has a scale specifically for congestive heart failure patients . At CES , the company announced it was teaming up with ADT on an integrated alert system . These remote health management services are appealing to hospitals , doctors and health programs because they can cut down on costly medical care by catching issues early and helping people avoid trips to the emergency room . But all that data being collected is valuable in other ways . Providers can amass the anonymous data for all patients to look for trends , assess programs and fine-tune treatment programs . Having an outsider be notified of changes in health is also helpful for senior citizens living on their own . Instead of the classic emergency buttons worn around the neck , sensors can alert care givers to anything out of the ordinary . They do n't even need to be health sensors . Connected home systems such as Lowe 's Iris can be programed to send a text message when a senior does n't do a regular activity such as opening the fridge or turning on a light . A final smartphone-connected gadget for seniors  or anyone who takes a lot of pills  is the clever uBox . This round , functionally designed box reminds people when it 's time to take their pills with a combination of beeps , blinking lights and smartphone reminders . If they 've already taken the pill for that time period , the box remains locked so anyone who is forgetful or suffering from dementia wo n't take a double dose . The uBox will notify family members or health care providers if a dose is skipped . The company , founded by MIT engineers , is raising money on Indiegogo .	At the Consumer Electronics Show , there are 210 companies in the digital health area Sensors are smaller , cheaper and can transmit data about your health to smartphone apps New games and pedometers aimed at kids are the latest tools for fighting childhood obesity Sensors to monitor the health of seniors and sick people share data with doctors , family
CNN  When the sound of gunfire rattled out of the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris , it looked like the systematic murder of cartoonists and staff at the satirical magazine could have been the work of lone wolf extremists , two brothers named Said and Cherif Kouachi . When a policewoman was gunned down the next day , police first thought the incident was unrelated . But when that gunman , Amedy Coulibaly , took hostages at a kosher supermarket the next day , demanding that police stand down from a siege of the Kouachi brothers happening just outside the city , a web of connections started to become clear . And as investigators look into the horrific events that shook France and the world this month , it becomes clear that the links spread from Paris out to Yemen , Syria , Iraq and beyond . A week after the Charlie Hebdo killings , al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate , al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , said that it had planned and funded the attack years earlier . In a video message , AQAP credited the American-born radical preacher Anwar al-Awlaki with giving the orders before he was killed in 2011 . Separately , a video emerged that appeared to show Coulibaly pledging allegiance to the leader of another terror group , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the self-proclaimed caliph of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Through legal papers , jihadi websites , press reports and its own investigations , CNN has pieced together other connections . When they were in their 20s , the Kouachi brothers were part of a circle of Parisian Islamists inspired by Farid Beyettoun , police allege in court papers seen by CNN . Later , Cherif Kouachi was in jail with Djamel Beghal , who was accused of being a top al Qaeda recruiter . Coulibaly and his wife , Hayat Boumeddiene , often visited Beghal when he got out of prison , as did Kouachi . Both Kouachi brothers and Coulibaly are dead , but Boumeddiene is on the run , and investigators are continuing to look into who knows whom , and what the connections could reveal . CNN 's Scott Bronstein and Florence Davey-Attlee contributed to this report .	Attackers ' links to terrorism reach Yemen , Syria , Iraq and beyond Al Qaeda 's Yemen affiliate says it planned and funded the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris A video appears to show the kosher market attacker pledging loyalty to the leader of ISIS
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The parents of missing Madeleine McCann have accepted # 550,000  $ 1.1 million  libel damages and an apology over stories published in two British newspapers that alleged they were involved in the disappearance or death of the girl . The front pages of the Daily Express and the Daily Star newspapers featuring apologies to Kate and Gerry McCann . In a statement read by the couple 's spokesman , Clarence Mitchell , outside the High Court in London on Wednesday , the McCanns said they were "  pleased that Express Newspapers have today admitted the utter falsity of the numerous grotesque and grossly defamatory allegations that their titles published . " The McCanns accepted the damages and the couple said the money will go towards the Find Madeleine campaign . "  As part of our settlement , Express Newspapers have also agreed to pay damages , by way of a donation of # 550,000 , to the Fund that was established to help find Madeleine . We feel it entirely appropriate that the search for Madeleine will now benefit directly out of the wrongs committed against us as her parents . " The Daily Express and Daily Star , both owned by Express Newspapers , printed an apology on the front page of their Wednesday editions apologizing to Kate and Gerry McCann for suggesting the couple was responsible for the death of their daughter . "  Kate and Gerry McCann : Sorry , " read the headlines . The newspapers said there was no evidence to back up a series of articles they printed alleging the parents had a role in their daughter 's disappearance or death . "  Kate and Gerry are completely innocent of any involvement in their daughter 's disappearance , " the newspapers wrote . Both papers said they had paid "  substantial " sums to Madeleine 's Fund as a way of expressing their regret . The fund is a nonprofit company that says it was set up to help find Madeleine , support her parents and bring to justice anyone who played a role in her disappearance . "  Kate and Gerry , we are truly sorry to have added to your distress , " the Daily Express wrote . "  We assure you that we hope Madeleine will one day be found alive and well and will be restored to her loving family . " Watch video on the newspapers apologies " Media commentator Roy Greenslade told the BBC it was "  unprecedented " for two national newspapers to run front-page apologies simultaneously . "  I think this is an amazing stand-down , U-turn , by the Express newspapers , " he said . "  I think when people realize that more than 100 stories have been complained about as being grossly defamatory , it will annihilate the Express ' readers sense of trust and credibility in their newspaper . " Madeleine 's parents reported her missing last May 3 , just days before her fourth birthday . At the time , they were on a family vacation at a resort in Praia da Luz , in southern Portugal . The parents have since garnered international support in an effort to find their daughter , enlisting the support of celebrities such as David Beckham and even Pope Benedict XVI . Portuguese investigators named the McCanns as official suspects last September . The parents deny any involvement , saying they believe Madeleine may have been abducted . E-mail to a friend	McCanns accept damages and apology for stories published in newspapers Couple will use the # 550,000 libel damages to look for Madeleine The Daily express and Daily Star printed an apology on their front pages Had alleged that the McCanns were responsible for the death of the missing girl
CNN  -- A controversial bill that California legislators say would allow the early release of more than 27,000 inmates from crowded prisons will be taken up by the state Assembly on Monday . Inmates at Mule Creek State Prison in Ione , California , interact in a gym modified to house them in August 2007 . The Senate on Thursday passed the corrections package 21-19 , after Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg , D-Sacramento , assured senators the changes would protect the public from the most violent offenders . The legislation also would direct more resources toward parolees , he said . Senate Republicans say the bill would undermine public safety . All 15 Senate Republicans voted against the measure . Both houses of the legislature are controlled by Democrats . Consideration of the bill comes as California faces a mid-September deadline for reducing its prison population by about 40,000 inmates . A special panel of three federal judges issued the order , contending the crowded prison system violates prisoners ' constitutional rights . The judges said they will make the reductions themselves if the state fails to act . The measure would save the financially strapped state $ 524.5 million , according to a statement from Steinberg 's office . When coupled with budget revisions that lawmakers made in July , the total corrections savings would be $ 1.2 billion , he said . That is the amount that Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger wants as part of his efforts to cut state spending and balance the budget . Republicans said the bill would lead to the release of about 27,000 prisoners , while Democrats estimated it would reduce the prison population by 27,300 in the 2009-10 fiscal year and 37,000 during fiscal year 2010-11 . "  It is undeniable that the real failure of our criminal justice system is that it fails to distinguish between violent offenders and nonviolent offenders , " Steinberg said . "  Of course , we want to keep violent criminals off our streets and out of our communities , and this reform package is a necessary step to do that because it concentrates our incarceration efforts on the violent criminals and ensures that nonviolent offenders have more contact with parole officers , " he said . Some nonviolent offenders could serve shorter sentences . According to Steinberg , each parole officer in California is responsible for about 70 parolees , many of whom recommit crimes and go back to jail . If the legislation is passed , the ratio would be reduced to 45 to 1 , he said . "  They -LSB- parole officers -RSB- can not adequately supervise those who are the most at risk and those who are the most risk to the public safety , " Steinberg said . With a lesser workload , the officers also can make more home visits and arrange more meetings with the people they supervise , the lawmaker said . Senate Republicans called the legislation a threat to public safety . "  Among the inmates who could be eligible for early release under the Democrat plan include felons convicted of human trafficking , stalking , identity theft , violent child abuse and threatening to use a weapon of mass destruction , " the Republican Caucus said in a written statement . "  Unfortunately , this proposal exploits a fiscal crisis in order to advance a dangerous liberal agenda that seeks to undo successful anti-crime laws , " said Senate Republican Leader Dennis Hollingsworth of Murrieta . GOP lawmakers in the Senate also strongly opposed the creation of what they described as "  an unelected and unaccountable sentencing commission that would be given broad authority to alter important public safety laws . " The legislation would establish a 16-member Sentencing Commission that would put in place new sentencing guidelines by July 1 , 2012 . Unless vetoed by the legislature and governor , the guidelines would become effective January 1 , 2013 . The 13 voting members of the commission would include the chief justice of the California Supreme Court , a judge appointed by the chief justice , the state public defender and the secretary of the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . A crime victim would be among the three ex-officio members . California Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , D-Los Angeles , issued a statement early Friday morning , explaining that the assembly recessed around midnight and will reconvene Monday . On Thursday and into Friday morning , she said in the statement , "  we have been taking into account many of the concerns raised by law enforcement , and are working toward a bill that the people of California can agree makes sense , " and that process will continue through the weekend . "  Our target remains a responsible approach that will achieve our public safety and budgetary goals , and allow us to prevent the wholesale release of prisoners by federal judges . " "  Relieving prison overcrowding and reducing recidivism are monumental challenges , but they are challenges that we will not retreat from , " Schwarzenegger told an audience of prosecutors in June . California has a 70 percent recidivism rate .	California Senate OKs bill to allow early release of 27,000 inmates State Assembly will take up measure , which would save $ 524 million , on Monday Democratic Senate official says changes would protect public from violent offenders Senate Republicans call the legislation a threat to public safety
Four members of a polio vaccination team were killed by militants Wednesday in western Pakistan 's Balochistan province , police said . Attackers on two motorcycles opened fire at the team in the eastern part of Quetta , the capital of Balochistan province . Two polio workers were killed during the attack , and two others who were injured died later at a hospital , said Imran Qureshi , a senior police officer . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . The province 's chief minister , Malik Baloch , vowed to protect polio vaccination teams and bring the attackers to justice . "  We will not bow down before terrorists , " Baloch said . Militants have targeted anti-polio campaigns in Pakistan since U.S. intelligence officials used a vaccination program to help in their hunt for Osama bin Laden in 2011 . Under cover of the program , the CIA sought to collect DNA samples from relatives of the al Qaeda leader to verify his presence in a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . CIA policy : Wo n't use vaccination programs as part of operations Balochistan 's government launched a polio vaccination campaign after a rise in polio cases . Fourteen polio cases have been reported this year in the province .	Attackers open fire on polio vaccination team in eastern Quetta , police say Two polio workers die in attack , two others die later at the hospital There was no immediate claim of responsibility Official : "  We will not bow down before terrorists "
London Heathrow 's gleaming new passenger terminal has opened to its first passengers in a soft launch designed to avoid the glitches that plagued its last major terminal launch . CNN had a preview earlier this year of what its chief architect says is a "  cathedral for the 21st century " that 'll change air travel for good . Terminal 2 , otherwise known as the Queen 's Terminal , features vaulted ceilings filled with natural light that are designed to guide up to 20 million passengers a year exactly to where they want to be . Disappointingly , it still looks like an airport building anywhere in the world . That 's not to say it does n't have its merits -- as airport buildings go , Queen 's Terminal will certainly be among the most pleasant . It 'll also help ease some of the air traffic congestion that has left Heathrow struggling to maintain its former status as Europe 's chief aviation hub against rivals serving Amsterdam and Frankfurt . The terminal was first showcased when journalists were invited to the unveiling of a gigantic airborne sculpture of twisting metal . ` Cultural capital ' The 78-meter aluminum work entitled "  Slipstream " was created by artist Richard Wilson to fill a wide atrium that passengers will cross when connecting to road and rail networks . Inspired by the turbulence of a tumbling plane , it hangs from a series of pillars and resembles the riveted fuselage of a muscular vintage aircraft -- and a whale . "  It is a statement that says you 've arrived in the cultural capital of the world , " says Wilson . Moving on through the airport , travelers pass through a broad hall filled with rows of security gates and into a huge central atrium that contains the lounge , shopping and dining areas . There 's more sculpture here , although on a less impressive scale -- one artwork resembles a tangle of windshield wipers . Overhead , the undulating steel-framed roof is illuminated by glass skylights and LEDs that lead architect Luis Vidal says will change color "  to accommodate the mood of the passenger . " The lounge is bordered on one side by vast windows that look out onto the airport canopy , with most gates within just a few minutes ' walk . "  It 's a very legible building , " says Vidal , who describes his Terminal as a "  piazza " to rival London 's Covent Garden that will become a destination in its own right . Soft launch "  Passengers can understand it very easily , " says Vidal . "  You can see how far you are from your plane , which makes you more relaxed . " The $ 4.2 billion building is certainly an improvement on the oppressive low ceilings and cramped quarters of the old Terminal 2 , which closed five years ago after more than 50 years of service . It will accommodate 26 airlines , including United , Air Canada , Air New Zealand , Singapore Airlines and others among the global Star Alliance , and connect to more than 50 destinations . "  Nowhere else in the world do you have as many airlines flying to a single airport as you do in London , " says Mark Schwab , Star Alliance 's CEO . Heathrow officials hope by easing the new terminal into operation they will lessen the risk of repeating the chaos that engulfed the 2008 launch of the airport 's prestigious Terminal 5 . The new terminal arrives amid a campaign , led by London mayor Boris Johnson , to close Heathrow and build a new high-capacity airport in a river estuary on the other side of the city . It 's a plan unlikely to derail Heathrow 's $ 18.5 billion long-term plan to remodel the airport along the lines of Atlanta 's Hartsfield-Jackson airport -- the world 's busiest . Holland-Kaye said the Terminal 2 would help alleviate some of the current problems , but officials would still pursue a "  politically complex " campaign to build an environmentally controversial third runway . "  We are ready and able and have private money to deliver the hub airport that Britain needs and deserves , " he said .	Heathrow 's new Terminal 2 opened June 4 and will gear up to handle up to 20 million passengers per year The terminal features a 78-meter sculpture designed to resemble the turbulence of a tumbling stunt plane Architect Luis Vidal says the terminal is a ` cathedral for the 21st century . '
CNN  -- In South Korea , the launch of "  StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty " is more than just a follow-up to one of the PC industry 's top-selling games -- it could shake up what many see as the North Asian country 's national sport . In high-tech South Korea -- which has one of the highest broadband penetration rates in the world -- the StarCraft video game series has spawned devotion more akin to professional sports teams . Indeed , video game players there can get lucractive contracts from professional teams with corporate sponsorships . Games of large tournaments are broadcast live on television in South Korea . "  In Korea , a lot of factors came together to make it a big thing , " professional gamer Greg Fields told CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . The first StarCraft game , produced by Blizzard Entertainment in Irvine , California , came out in 1998 when the South Korean economy was melting down during the Asian Financial Crisis . "  It was in the middle of an economic recession and  StarCraft  was easy , cheap entertainment . It really took over and just captivated a nation , " said Fields , a 20-year-old New Jersey native recruited two years ago to play StarCraft for the South Korean team CJ Entus . In a nod to the game 's popularity in South Korea , Blizzard first announced plans for StarCraft II at the Blizzard Worldwide Invitational in Seoul in May 2007 . About 90 percent of South Korean households are connected to high-speed broadband and the nation has some 25,000 internet cafes , which took in $ 600 million last year , according to government figures . The gaming market is expected to be worth $ 5.5 billion this year with a 17 percent growth rate , according to the Korea Creative Content Agency  KOCCA  . StarCraft II was first released Tuesday in South Korea and other Asian nations . The original game sold about 11 million copies worldwide . While gamers in South Korea are lining up to get copies of the new title , StarCraft II could be a game changer in the country 's professional circuit , Fields said . "  In StarCraft II , the leagues are n't established yet , they 're all building up -- it 's going to be huge , but we do n't know how long it will take , how huge it will be , whether  existing teams  will be good at the game or not , " Fields said . CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout contributed to this report	In South Korea , StarCraft is considered by many as a national sport Professional players are recruited around the world for Korean teams StarCraft II could be a game changer for existing South Korean teams
CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao will take a slight weight advantage into his fourth fight with Mexico 's Juan Manuel Marquez in Las Vegas Saturday . The Filipino tipped the scales right on the 147lb welterweight limit in the weigh-in at the MGM Grand Hotel Friday with Mexico 's Marquez coming in at 143lb . In front of a vociferous crowd , the pair did not exchange words as they completed the formalities , posing for pictures before the ritual eyeball to eyeball confrontation . Marquez , 39 , is seeking his first win in a classic series of bouts stretching over eight years . The first was a draw , with Pacquiao claiming narrow victories on points in the other two , including a controversial decision 13 months ago . "  We know each other really well and it 's going to be a war , " predicted Marquez after the weigh-in . "  It is most important to show people who the best man is , " Marquez added . The 33-year-old Pacquiao , 54-4-2 with 38 knockouts , lost his last fight to Timothy Bradley back in June , himself falling victim to a disputed decision over 12 rounds . He is anxious to get his career back on track , with the prospect of a showdown with American superstar Floyd Mayweather Jr. still eagerly awaited by boxing fans . Pacquiao , who is an elected congressman in his native Philippines , voiced his concerns about the effects of Typhoon Bopha which has swept through his country with a reported death toll exceeding 500 people . "  This fight is dedicated to them , " he said . But his words were drowned out by the Mexican supporters for Marquez , who is 54-6-1 with 39 KOs in his lengthy career . The undercard will feature a 12-round IBF lightweight title bout between Mercito Gesta of the Philippines and Mexican Miguel Vazquez , but the main bout is a non-title clash .	Manny Pacquiao and Juan Manuel Marquez weigh-in ahead of their fight in Las Vegas Pair will be meeting for the fourth time Saturday night at MGM Grand Pacquiao tips scales right on the 147lb welterweight limit Pacquiao has won two of the previous clashes with the other drawn
An Indonesian maid has told a Hong Kong court that she was tortured for six months by her former employer , who shoved a vacuum cleaner tube into her mouth , tearing her mouth . In two days of disturbing testimony , Erwiana Sulistyaningsih , a 23-year-old domestic helper , said through an interpreter she endured all sorts of abuse , including being punched , slapped , kicked and beaten unconscious . The case sparked international outrage when gruesome images of her injuries surfaced earlier this year and she was admitted to a hospital in Indonesia in critical condition . Erwiana 's former employer Law Wan-tung , a 44-year-old housewife , faces 21 charges , including inflicting grievous bodily harm , assault and criminal intimidation . Law pleaded not guilty to all charges , except one , for failing to take out an insurance policy for an employee . Stripped naked Speaking calmly , Erwiana described an incident when she said she was punished for dozing off during work . "  I was taken to the bathroom and she took off all my clothes and she sprayed cold water on me , " she said . She said she was not allowed to put her clothes back on , and her employer switched on an electric fan and pointed it at her for hours before she was allowed to dress herself . Prosecutors accused Law , a mother of two , of using a mop , ruler , and coat hangers to beat Erwiana and also pulled her down from a ladder while she was cleaning . Erwiana said on one occasion she was beaten unconscious , and after she came to , her employer forced her back to work . "  She often punched my eyes and I was shocked . And she kept on punching and punching me , " says Erwiana . Erwiana said she was forced to work for 20 hours a day , and was only allowed to sleep between 1 p.m to 5 p.m. "  I had to sleep on the floor , " says Erwiana . All she was given to eat was three to six pieces of bread and a bowl of rice each day . Call for justice Several migrant rights activist groups rallied outside the Wanchai District Court on Monday , calling for justice for Erwiana . The case also involves charges of assault on two other Indonesian domestic helpers , Tutik Lestari Ningsih and Nurhasanah , who were under Law 's previous employ . She could face up to seven years of imprisonment for the charges of causing grievous bodily harm , the maximum term the District Court can sentence . In January , thousands of people marched to the streets in support of the allegedly abused young Indonesian worker.Amnesty International issued a public statement in June urging the Hong Kong government to take immediate action to "  end the widespread abuse and exploitation of migrant domestic workers . " According to a report released last year , Indonesian migrant workers are at risk of serious human rights violations in Hong Kong.Hong Kong employs some 320,000 foreign domestic workers mainly from Indonesia , Philippines and from other parts of Asia.READ MORE : Indonesian migrant worker tells of abuse as thousands protest in Hong Kong	Indonesian domestic helper testifies before a Hong Kong court Erwiana Sulistyaningsih told the court she was tortured by her former employer Law Wan-tung faces 21 charges , including inflicting grievous bodily harm and assault Law pleaded not guilty to all except one charge
CNN  -- Al-Shabaab has withdrawn from Somalia 's war-ravaged capital in what the Islamist militant group called a "  change in tactics . " The Somali president said Al-Shabaab , which controls much of southern Somalia , retreated from Mogadishu after heavy fighting early Saturday with government and African Union forces . The al Qaeda-linked group has been waging an insurgency against Somalia 's transitional government since 2006 . "  Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda are a menace to Somalia and it is happy news that we defeated them in Mogadishu , " Somali President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed told reporters . But he warned Mogadishu residents not to rush to areas vacated by Al-Shabaab fighters , saying the group may have booby-trapped the area . He also warned of possible suicide bombings . U.N. special representative Augustine Mahiga lauded the retreat , saying "  there is no doubt that the departure of Al-Shabaab would be a positive development and a step in the right direction for a city that has seen so much misery and devastation . " Spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage confirmed Al-Shabaab fighters left the city but said the fighting was hardly over . "  The reasons we withdrew from Mogadishu is we have made changes in our tactics of war , " he told the group 's radio station , Andalus . "  We withdrew because we want to save lives of the poor civilians but we will launch operations against government  and African Union  forces in the coming hours . " Some believe the Islamists withdrew because of funding woes and drought-related issues . The United Nations has declared famine in five areas of southern Somalia in June , including Mogadishu . In all , about 12 million people in the Horn of Africa region need assistance . Somalia is the worst hit . "  The immediate priority must now be to focus on the humanitarian situation and I call on all parties , from the donor community to all parts of the Transitional Federal Government , to do everything possible to ensure and facilitate the immediate delivery of assistance to those most in need , " Mahiga said . Al-Shabaab has called the famine a "  crusader " invention and an excuse for occupation , and issued threats to aid agencies delivering food to afflicted areas . As crops withered , thousands of people fled and livestock starved . But the militants kept their ban on aid groups operating in their territory in southern and central Somalia , and parts of the capital .	NEW : U.N. official calls the retreat "  a positive development " The Somali president warns residents to avoid former rebel areas He says the militants may have booby-trapped some areas Al-Shabaab controls areas of southern Somalia struck by famine
Omoa , Honduras  CNN  Alexis González walks slowly and with some hesitation , using the outside wall of his house for balance . "  I 'm getting used to the prosthesis , " the 16-year-old says . He tries to smile , but an expression of sadness quickly returns to his face . When he was 15 , González made a decision that would forever change his life -- to leave Omoa , an impoverished village in Honduras -- with dreams of getting to the United States . At the end of the trek -- about 2,500 kilometers  1,500 miles  across Mexico and Guatemala -- he saw hope , school , a job and the chance to send money home . "  Sometimes we do n't even have food to eat and I also wanted to get a higher education , " González says . His mother was singlehandedly raising nine children , working odd jobs in restaurants and the nearby fields . They lived in a single room , an adobe house with dirt floors built on a steep and muddy hill . Chickens being raised for food roamed around the structure . González says his father left the family when he was little boy . When Gonzalez left in January 2014 , he did n't ask his mother for permission . He only left a letter telling her about his plans . "  I would n't have let him go , " his mother Mercedes Meléndez says . "  When he left I went looking for him everywhere . " She even went to Corinto on the Honduras-Guatemala border to ask authorities if they had seen him , she says . González says he traveled by land through Honduras and Guatemala with a teenage cousin . They took the bus and also walked and hitch-hiked in some places . Once in Mexico , they got on the cargo train migrants call "  The Beast . " Migrants get a risky , but free ride clinging to the outside of the train . Violent gangs sometimes board the train to rape , rob and kill migrants . Those without money to pay off the gangsters are thrown off , sometimes to their deaths in deep ravines or sharp rocks . González says he never faced any gangs . Things seem to be going well for him and his cousin for a while . They had been traveling for a few days on the train and were excited at nearing the U.S.-Mexico border and crossing into the land of their dreams . But they were also tired . They ate what they could , but were unable to sleep for more than an hour at a time . They were hanging onto the grate above the train car 's couplers . "  We used our own sweaters to tie ourselves to the train so we would n't fall off , " González says . But tragedy was just around the corner . Somehow , he does n't know how , he fell off the train while sleeping . He woke up bleeding profusely . "  The train had severed my right leg and part of my left heel , " he says . He was eventually rescued by the Mexican Red Cross and taken to a hospital where he recovered for a month . He stayed at a shelter for wounded migrants for another two months . There he was fitted with a prosthesis free of charge . It 's not difficult to find stories of minors in Central America who have lost limbs , been kidnapped or died while trying to travel through Mexico with the dream of migrating to the United States . Juan Armando Enamorado , a 22-year-old who lives in the coastal town of Tela , Honduras , says he almost lost his life at 17 when he jumped off the train , fleeing from gangs . "  They got on the train to steal money from people . When I heard they were coming , I jumped off the train traveling at more than 30 mph , " he says . Enamorado says he was barely able to make it to the nearest town after walking for four days without food and very little water . Children are fleeing endemic poverty and drug violence in Central America . Last year , U.S. immigration authorities in the United States detained nearly 18,000 minors from Honduras as they were trying to cross the border without documents . Altogether , more than 67,000 minors , mainly from Central America , were detained , according to U.S. government figures . To understand why children are fleeing in droves , CNN traveled to San Pedro Sula , Honduras . The second largest city in the country . It has the highest reported murder rate in the world . Violence is fueled by turf wars between two powerful gangs that control entire neighborhoods . The Honduran government is trying to change this harsh reality by deploying security forces to hotspots . Vilma Maldonado says her son was forced to leave because of death threats from gangs when he was only 15 years old . He left La Lima , just outside San Pedro Sula , four years ago at the age of 19 . The last time she heard from him he was in Monterrey , Mexico , hoping to cross into the United States . "  Sometimes I think he 's dead , " Maldonado says crying . "  But then I seek refuge in God and try to think the opposite and ask God to take these ideas out of my mind because if I 'm trusting God you have to have faith that my son is still alive . " For Monsignor Rómulo Emiliani , Auxiliary Bishop of San Pedro Sula , the migration of Central American children to the United States is a regional disgrace . "  It 's something terrible , sad and shameful for us Hondurans that nearly 18,000 of our children have desperately left because of hunger and violence . It 's a slap on our faces and there are people that do n't care about these 18,000 children . "  Can you imagine the trip for a child who 's 4 , 6 , 10 , 12 years old all the way to the United States ? Many girls have been fondled and raped by the smugglers , " Monsignor Emiliani says . Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández says his country has fallen victim to powerful criminal organizations fueled by drug dollars and weapons coming from the north and drugs from the south , but insists his government is working hard to stem the tide . "  We have our own responsibility . We accept that and we 're doing our work . We are pushing this forward with all that we have . Other countries are responsible for this war that we 're living , " President Hernández says . Back in Omoa , Mercedes Meléndez , the mother of Alexis González , says she 's deeply worried about her son . "  He has told me that he 's depressed . He has recently been better , but he used to say he wanted to die . I was getting very worried because he said that he wanted to kill himself , " Meléndez says . The teenager says he now draws and writes to forget . He shows us a drawing of a family of four holding hands . He uses pastel colors and soft features in the drawing and inscribed words like "  happy , " "  love , " and "  I love you " throughout . He may never be able to go to college or help his family the way he wanted . But asked if he regrets his decision to leave , he says he does n't : the rewards were so high , it was worth the incredible risk . And for countless others like him -- from across Central America -- the same is true . And they will keep trying .	Honduran teen tells how he lost his leg trying to get to the U.S. He fell from the outside of a train rumbling through Mexico It 's a trip also attempted by tens of thousands of other desperate children
CNN  -- Jagged oranges , reds , purples and pinks make up the view from the rim of the Grand Canyon , changing color as the sun 's angle constantly adjusts their tint and position . Meanwhile , the Colorado River swerves and curves through the canyon floor , slowly expanding the six million-year-old gash in the high desert of northwest Arizona . Grand Canyon National Park lies around and within one of the seven wonders of the natural world ; it 's close to two million acres of practically untouched hinterland offer a lifetime of adventure and exploring . Park stats : Grand Canyon was the second most visited national park in 2012 , attracting almost 4.5 million visitors . It has been more than 20 years since fewer than 4 million people visited Grand Canyon National Park in a given year . The location : The Grand Canyon is in northwest Arizona near the Utah and Nevada borders . Flagstaff is about a 90-minute drive from the South Rim . The park is about a four-hour drive north of Phoenix and a four-hour drive east of Las Vegas . The Grand Canyon became a national park in 1919 . It stretches along 277 miles of the Colorado River , which runs through the bottom of the canyon . The distance from the South Rim to the canyon floor is a full vertical mile . While the canyon 's width varies , it measures 18 miles in several places . If you go : Park entrance fees are $ 25 per vehicle and $ 12 for individuals  hikers , cyclists and motorcycles  . Be sure to check the weather in advance as temperatures vary according to season and what part of the park you are visiting . The North Rim is generally the coolest place in the park , and the canyon floor is the warmest . There is no additional cost for day hikes on the rim and into the canyon , but overnight trips require buying a backcountry permit . The permit costs $ 10 plus an additional $ 5 for each person in the group . The park is divided into the North and South Rim . The South Rim is open year-round , while the North Rim is open during the spring and summer . Grand Canyon Village : There are several lodging options at the Grand Canyon Village on the South Rim , including hotels and campgrounds . There is also access to Desert View Drive and the east entrance to the park . Book early . The park 's rooms fill up months in advance . Getting around : There are free shuttle buses in the South Rim that connect the visitor center , museums , lodging and dining to trail heads and scenic overlooks . North Rim : Due to high winds and heavy snows , the North Rim is only open from May 15 to October 15 . The Grand Canyon Lodge is the only hotel on the North Rim . Campground space is available , but like the South Rim , reservations are required and advance reservations are recommended . North Rim visitors can also stay outside the park at the Kaibab Lodge and Jacob Lake Inn , which are 18 and 45 miles north of the park . The North Rim has a visitor center but does not have shuttle buses . Hiking on the rim and into the canyon : Temperatures on the rim change with the season , and increase dramatically during summer hikes into the canyon . Visitors should be prepared for extreme cold and intense heat . Hiking at the Grand Canyon is physically demanding , even for experienced hikers . Be sure to drink plenty of water , carry plenty of food and never hike alone . The trail from the South Rim to the canyon floor is seven miles . Mules are a common sight on hiking trails into the canyon . When you see them approaching , move off the trail to the side away from the edge , stand still , keep quiet and do not return to the trail until the mule is at least 50 feet away from you . Always follow directions given by the mule wrangler . Lodging is available in the bottom of the canyon at the Phantom Ranch . Reservations are required and you do not need a backcountry permit to stay there . Rafting on the Colorado River : There are several options for taking Colorado River rafting trips at the Grand Canyon . Check out the park 's permit information online for specifics . Trips can last between a half day and 25 days . Meet our ranger : Andy Pearce , 52 , is the environmental education specialist at Grand Canyon National Park and loves spending the majority of his time teaching kids about the park . "  I feel like with school groups we are connecting a whole population of young people to the national parks that otherwise would n't come here , " he says Pearce was born in Wilmington , Delaware , and his parents , especially his mother , Eleanor , raised him with a love for national parks and hiking . He graduated from Colorado State University with a degree in geology and was working a summer construction job when he received an opportunity to volunteer at John Day Fossil Beds National Monument . The experience helped him get his foot in the door as a seasonal ranger and eventually get his first full-time position at Wupatki National Monument near Flagstaff , Arizona . He worked at nine other national parks before coming to Grand Canyon in 2002 . "  It 's a fantastic resource , " he says . "  It changes year-round with four seasons . It 's not Arizona as you 'd think of Arizona when you 're on the rim of the canyon . " For a day trip , do n't miss : Stop at the Grand Canyon Visitor Center on the South Rim and then visit Mather Point , Mohave Point and Desert View Watchtower . Part of the magic of going to the Grand Canyon is that you often ca n't see the canyon until you reach the edge . Mather Point has "  a wow factor that makes the first view quite spectacular . " If you are traveling by car , Pearce says these areas are close enough to each other that you can see them all in one day . Favorite less-traveled spot : The North Rim , which has a higher elevation and is more heavily forested than other areas in the park . It is only 10 miles as the crow flies from the South Rim . Pearce says it takes up to five hours to drive there because the road runs along the rim 's twists and turns . "  If you want to experience a national park kind of like they were decades ago -- the feeling of slower pace , quieter , fewer people -- the North Rim is the place to go . " Favorite spot to view wildlife : The grassy areas near the train depot in the village and Hopi Point . Pearce says elk and deer gravitate toward the train depot 's grassy areas and endangered scavenger birds , including the California condor , nest and socialize near Hopi Point . Never feed the animals in the park , especially squirrels , which bite between five and 10 guests every day during the summer , he says . "  We want to keep the ` wild ' in wildlife , " he says . Most magical moment in the park : Cross-country skiing under a full moon to the South Rim of the canyon in 2004 . The experience was so peaceful , Pearce says , he has made it an annual tradition . "  It 'll be quiet , really chilly , " he says . "  The air will be still . The moon sparkles on the snow and the canyon has a moonlit glow coming from it . It makes some of the cliff walls appear to glow . " Oddest moment at the park : Seeing a man walk backward down into the canyon on the South Kaibab Trail in 2009 . "  I found out later he was trying to break some record for walking backwards , " he says . "  Of course I had to step to the side and watch him go by . " A ranger 's request : Come to the Grand Canyon informed and prepared . Pearce stresses that the park is a unique geographic setting , significantly cooler than the rest of Arizona . When it comes to hiking down into the canyon , Pearce says to keep in mind that the temperature increases as you descend and that walking back up takes more time than going down . "  The elevation is the factor , " he says . "  People get in trouble because they do not realize it will be much more of a workout coming up . " Another park he 'd like to visit : Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve in Colorado . The dunes are the tallest in North America and seasonal Medano Creek offers guests the chance to relax and rinse off after playing in the sand . "  You 've got 40 square miles of sand that provide endless entertainment for kids , " he says .	The Grand Canyon was the second most visited national park in 2012 It is one vertical mile from the South Rim to the canyon floor The North Rim is more remote and is open from mid-May to mid-October Overnight reservations at the Grand Canyon must be booked far in advance
CNN -- Fleet-footed winger Cristiano Ronaldo is Manchester United 's most deadly weapon and officially the best footballer in the world . Manchester United 's Cristiano Ronaldo is the current FIFA World Player of the Year Born in 1985 on the Portuguese island of Madeira , the 23-year-old cut his teeth with Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon , where his amazing skill and dribbling ability alerted a host of top European clubs . However , it was Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson who nipped in before his rivals to sign Ronaldo for a reported fee of $ 19 million in 2003 . With Manchester United he has won three Premier League titles , two Football League Cups , the FA Cup , the World Club Championship , and the Champions League . After a phenomenal 2007/2008 season , in which he scored 42 goals for Manchester United in all competitions , he was voted FIFA and FIFPro World Player of the Year and European Player of the Year . That season his 31 Premier League goals won him the Golden Shoe award , making him officially Europe 's most prolific goal scorer , and he was also the leading scorer in the Champions League , with eight goals . He capped a remarkable campaign by scoring the opening goal , before also netting from the penalty spot , as United beat Chelsea in a dramatic Champions League final in Moscow . Tall , elegant and powerful , Ronaldo is as good in the air as he is with the ball at his feet , as he proved with his header against Chelsea in last year 's final . He also possesses a remarkable and unique free-kick technique , managing to bend and swerve the ball to devastating effect , notably with the goal that effectively ended Arsenal 's challenge in the semifinals of this year 's Champions League . Apart from his success at Old Trafford , Ronaldo is a regular figure for his national side , making his full international debut in 2003 and going on to represent Portugal at the 2006 World Cup and Euro 2008 finals . However , despite his god-given talent , Ronaldo still gets criticized in Portugal for allegedly failing to replicate his United form in a Portugal shirt . According to Forbes , Ronaldo was football 's fifth biggest earner in 2008 . Of his $ 21 million income , $ 12m was in salary and incentives from Manchester United and another $ 9 million came from endorsements with global brands like of Nike and Coca-Cola .	Ronaldo Voted FIFA World Player of the Year and European Player of Year He has also represented Portugal at the both World and European finals Ronaldo was signed by Manchester United from Sporting Lisbon in 2003 23-year-old scored 42 goals in all competitions for his club in 2007/8 season
CNN  -- Four blasts in and around Baghdad killed at least three people and wounded 16 on Wednesday , police said . Violence has persisted in recent days in the lead-up to Iraq 's provincial elections scheduled for Saturday . The latest attacks included a car bombing of an Iraqi army convoy , a car bombing near a police station , a roadside bomb that struck a politician 's convoy and another roadside bomb , police say . The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad released a statement on Tuesday condemning the ongoing violence , some of which has targeted people running for office . "  These attacks have killed more than a dozen candidates and injured many others . " the statement said . "  Such terrorist acts are a cowardly and unacceptable attempt to undermine Iraq 's democracy and a desperate effort to intimidate Iraqis and deter them from participating in the democratic process . " READ MORE : In his last act , Iraq veteran 's mission turns deeply personal About 45 miles  75 kilometers  west in Falluja , the chief prosecutor of the city 's civil court was assassinated on Wednesday night , Ramadi police officials told CNN . Maarouf Ahmed al-Kobaisi was in his car when gunmen driving by opened fire , killing him . A car bomb exploded about an hour later at a police patrol in central Falluja , according to Ramadi police . It was not immediately known if anyone was hurt or killed in this blast .	NEW : A prosecutor in Falluja is assassinated Wednesday night , police say Four blasts in and around Baghdad killed at least three people Wednesday The U.S. Embassy in Baghdad released a statement condemning the violence Attacks included a car bombing of an Iraqi army convoy , a bombing near a police station
CNN  -- Affidavits in the case of a missing 13-year-old Texas girl indicate her mother and live-in boyfriend failed polygraph exams on her whereabouts and they had a New Year 's Eve party a few days after she disappeared . But Hailey Dunn 's mother , Billie Dunn , told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " on Wednesday that the party was a family gathering and that alcohol was not served . "  We were pretty upset , " about Hailey , Dunn said . According to the affidavits , boyfriend Shawn Adkins ended two polygraph exams by walking out . On the third try , he failed the initial part of the test , but he then "  made a positive indication " that the girl could be found in Scurry County , Texas . Billie Dunn said Adkins was on anxiety medication at the time of the first test . Billie Dunn was under the influence of narcotics on her first polygraph examination , and she failed the second , according to a law enforcement affidavit posted on the website of CNN affiliate KTAB in Abilene . The affidavits were filed by law enforcement officials for the purpose of securing search warrants for evidence related to Hailey 's disappearance , according to CNN affiliate KTXS . Adkins was the last person to see the eighth-grade cheerleader on December 27 at Dunn 's home in Colorado City , according to local reports . Colorado City -- a rural central Texas town -- is about 70 miles west of Abilene , Texas . Hailey was reported missing by her mother December 28 . Authorities indicated Wednesday they are looking at several "  persons of interest . " The Colorado City Police Department responded to a domestic dispute in February 2010 after Adkins allegedly threatened Billie and Hailey Dunn , the released documents show . Adkins confirmed he did make the threats , according to documents . Billie Dunn said she has no idea what happened to her daughter . "  Somebody knows where she is , " she told HLN . The mother said she and Adkins were interested in stories about violent crimes and murder . The affidavits claim her interest in such topics is a "  hobby . " The affidavits also indicated Billie Dunn and Adkins made ATM withdrawals on December 27 to purchase drugs . Hailey reportedly told Adkins she was going to visit her father and then a friend . Hailey 's father , Clint Dunn , says she often came to his home but did not on that day . Billie Dunn said she took the polygraph test after she was informed that Adkins had failed . Woodrow Tripp , a polygraph expert , told "  Nancy Grace " that troubles him . " That absolutely would cause major problems emotionally as she 's administered one . You want to try to minimize that as much as possible , " Tripp said last week . The night Hailey vanished , Dunn says she thought her daughter was sleeping over at a friend 's house . Dunn met Adkins on the MySpace social networking site more than two years ago , and he moved in with her several months ago . Hailey is 5 feet , 2 inches tall and weighs 120 pounds . She has hazel eyes and brown hair with blond streaks . When she disappeared , she was wearing navy blue sweatpants , a light-colored short sleeve T-shirt and pink and white tennis shoes . Colorado City Police , who said they could not discuss the affidavits , said there is no evidence the girl is in hiding or ran away . "  Law enforcement has treated the disappearance of Hailey Dunn as a criminal investigation and will continue to make every effort to follow all investigative leads , " it said in a statement . Authorities on Wednesday said they have searched 80 square miles across multiple counties . They have conducted hundreds of interviews and have followed more than 200 viable leads .	Hailey Dunn was last seen December 27 Police have administered polygraph tests to her mother and her mother 's boyfriend Mother Billie Dunn described the party as a New Year 's Eve "  family gathering "
CNN  -- November 30th marks the end of the Atlantic hurricane season , and although it was extremely active , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is calling 2010 a "  gentle giant . " The season wraps up with a total of 19 named storms , 12 hurricanes , and five hurricanes that were category three or higher . That makes 2010 the third busiest season when considering all named storms , and second busiest season on record when considering hurricanes . "  The excellent verification of the seasonal forecast points out , once again , why one can not use this forecast as an indicator of personal risk . The good fortune of relatively minimal impact on the United States in spite of 19 storms , 12 of which were hurricane and 5 of which were category 3 or 4 , will serve as yet another reminder that from a hurricane readiness viewpoint , one must prepare every season as if a major hurricane will impact them , " said Bill Read , director of the National Hurricane Center . Remarkably , there were zero U.S. hurricane landfalls in 2010 . On average , approximately two hurricanes hit the United States per year . Less fortunate was Mexico , which was slammed with a number of storms including Hurricane Karl , which intensified into a major hurricane before hitting land -- the only hurricane to do so in the Bay of Campeche . Central America also had a share of the tropical activity , where storms caused deadly flooding and mudslides . Jack Hayes , director of the National Weather Service , said the season 's forecast was a success . "  As NOAA forecasters predicted , the Atlantic hurricane season was one of the most active on record , though fortunately most storms avoided the U.S. For that reason , you could say the season was a gentle giant . " The final season tally coincides well with the forecast from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , which was issued on May 27th . At that time , the organization was predicting 14 to 23 named storms , eight to 14 hurricanes , and three to seven major hurricanes of category three or higher . A qualifier to that forecast was that it was likely the final numbers would be on the high end of the predicted ranges . Although the National Hurricane Center knew a busy season was coming , they were careful to say that a busy season does n't always mean extreme impacts on the United States or other countries . "  We can have quiet seasons overall that are devastating to communities , and very busy seasons like this one with hardly any U.S. impacts , " said James Franklin , branch chief of the Hurricane Specialist Unit at the National Hurricane Center . "  We want folks to be prepared each and every season regardless of what kind of activity we 're expecting . " Environmental factors lined up early for an intense season . North Atlantic sea surface temperatures were at record warmth , which combined with favorable winds due to the presence of La Nina . However , the large-scale atmospheric flow over the Atlantic and position of the jet stream over the United States also allowed the tropical cyclones to re-curve back to sea without impacting land . Although the Southeast was lucky in landfalls in 2010 , the lack of rainfall that usually accumulates during hurricane season is expected to intensify the drought situation in the region . Tropical storms bring much-needed moisture to replenish lakes and reservoirs . The lack of tropical rainfall combined with ongoing La Nina conditions could mean the Southeast will see a drought in 2011 much like that of 2007 .	2010 hurricane season was second busiest on record There were zero U.S. hurricane landfalls Favorable wind patterns allowed storms to re-curve to sea Minimal tropical rainfall will contribute to enhanced drought in 2011
CNN  -- George Zimmerman , the Florida neighborhood watch volunteer at the center of a national firestorm over racial profiling , crime and gun rights , gave his first television interview on Wednesday , saying he had to act after Trayvon Martin said "  you are going to die tonight " and reached for Zimmerman 's gun holster . Zimmerman sat for an interview with Fox News host Sean Hannity and expressed his regrets to the parents of Martin , 17 . He said he is neither a racist nor a murderer . Zimmerman has been charged with second-degree murder for shooting Martin in what he says was self-defense . Martin was unarmed when he was killed in February while walking back to his father 's girlfriend 's house in a gated residential area of Sanford , Florida . The watch volunteer said he ca n't now second-guess what happened . "  I feel it was all God 's plan , " Zimmerman said Wednesday . Investigator : Zimmerman missed opportunities to defuse situation Martin 's family in a statement , said Zimmerman "  does not regret anything he did that night . " "  We must worship a different God because there is no way that my God would have wanted G. Zimmerman to kill my teenage son , " father Tracy Martin said . Zimmerman , who said he routinely carried a gun except when he was at work , told Hannity that Martin appeared to be suspicious as he cut between buildings . Zimmerman said he moved toward a different area when police told him not to continue following the young man . That 's when he said Martin approached him , his body language "  confrontational . " "  He asked me what my problem was , " Zimmerman said . "  I said I did not have a problem . " When he reached for his cell phone , Zimmerman said , Martin punched his nose and broke it . Zimmerman said he did n't know whether he fell or was pushed to the ground . Martin straddled him and told him to shut up during their struggle , he said . "  He started bashing my head into the concrete sidewalk . As as he broke my nose I started yelling for help . I was disoriented , " he said . Zimmerman said it was his voice caught on a phone call screaming for help . "  Martin  started to try to suffocate me and I continued to push his hands off my mouth and nose . " He said he was concerned he would lose consciousness . Zimmerman told Hannity he had to shoot Martin when the latter told him he was going to die and made a move for Zimmerman 's handgun . Zimmerman , who apologized to Martin 's parents during an April bond hearing , again expressed regret Wednesday . "  My wife and I do n't have any children . I have nephews that I love more than life . I love them more than myself . And I know when they were born , it was a different unique bond and love that I have with them , " Zimmerman told Fox . "  And I love my children even though that they are n't born yet . I am sorry that they buried their child . I ca n't imagine what it must feel like . And I pray for them daily . " Witness alleges she was abused by suspect in Trayvon Martin killing The 28-year-old has pleaded not guilty and has been free on $ 1 million bond since early July . He had been granted bail in April , then had it revoked after a judge found Zimmerman and his wife , Shellie Zimmerman , had failed to disclose more than $ 150,000 in donations from the public among their assets . Police have said Zimmerman was not immediately charged because there was no evidence to disprove his account that he had acted in self-defense . A police report indicated he was bleeding from the nose and the back of his head . A special prosecutor who took over the investigation eventually found that Zimmerman , who is Hispanic , racially profiled Martin , an African-American , and ignored a police dispatcher 's instructions to stop following Martin . Zimmerman was arrested in April on the murder charge . His wife was arrested on a perjury charge related to the donations in June . Defense attorney Mark O'Mara told Hannity that he could not comment on the donations , given the case against Shellie Zimmerman . He did say the case against his client would be an appropriate example of a "  stand your ground " defense in Florida . Zimmerman said he had not heard of the law before the incident . He also said the media has made a rush to judgment . Zimmerman asks for another new judge Witnesses tell FBI that George Zimmerman is no racist Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : Martin family reacts to Zimmerman comments Zimmerman gives his account of Martin shooting , says he screamed for help He says he is not a racist or a murderer He gave his first television interview to Fox News on Wednesday
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  It started with a first-class aviation executive throwing a fit on a flight over her nuts . It ended Thursday with that former executive sentenced to jail for one year . Heather Cho was working for Korean Air on December 5 when , as a first-class passenger on an international flight , an attendant served her macadamia nuts in a bag . Cho wanted them on a plate and demanded that the plane go back to the gate at New York 's JFK airport so a crew member could be kicked off the flight . A South Korean judge said that her actions threatened the development of the aviation industry and inconvenienced passengers , and ruled that she violated aviation law , changed a flight path and interfered with operations . Cho had the chief steward removed from the flight after the plane had left the gate . The flight arrived 11 minutes behind schedule . A year in jail may seem just as extreme as freaking out over nuts . But the flight attendant testified that she was pressured by another Korean Air manager to keep quiet about Cho 's behavior . Prosecutors said during her trial that there was a systematic attempt to cover up the incident . The judge blasted Cho for her conduct , saying that she had used the plane as if it were her personal car and that as a passenger , she could not override crew members and give orders during a flight . The case , dubbed "  nut rage , " gripped South Korea , especially because Cho is the Korean Air chairman 's daughter . There is growing resentment over the perceived privileges and nepotism for the families that control the country 's top companies . Cho resigned as vice president at the company a few days after the incident and publicly apologized , saying she accepted "  full responsibility . " On Thursday , she appeared in court wearing a green prison uniform . She gazed downward . Her hair hung in her face . "  I do n't know how to find forgiveness , " she said . Park Chang-jin , the chief steward who was booted from the flight , has said the former executive treated crew members like "  feudal slaves . " Details of Cho 's behavior on the flight have emerged . Park and Kim Do Hee , the flight attendant who served the nuts , had knelt in front of Cho in apology . Kim testified that Cho berated them about the service , and later shoved and cursed her . When the flight arrived in Korea , the flight attendant said another airline manager , Yeo Woon-jin , pressured her not to talk to investigators about Cho 's physically abusing her and Park . Yeo was found guilty of interfering with an investigation . Following public fury over the December incident , Korean Air chairman Cho Yang-ho apologized to the flight attendants and the public . Asked in court in January if he knew that his daughter mistreated employees , he said , "  I just heard that she 's strict with her workers . " CNN 's KJ Kwon contributed to this report .	A former Korean Air executive is found guilty of violating aviation law after interrupting a flight over nuts She has been sentenced to one year in jail for all charges
CNN  -- President Abraham Lincoln and his wife , Mary Todd , needed a baby-sitter . It was April 18 , 1864 , and the Lincolns had planned to go to a fair in Baltimore , returning the next day . They needed someone to watch their 11-year-old son , Tad . A newly published letter from Mrs. Lincoln requesting a sitter gives rare insight into the family 's life inside the Lincoln White House , showing one way the family had to juggle their busy schedules , just like everyone else . The letter is being offered for sale by the Raab Collection , a dealer in historical documents , valued at $ 15,000 . It 's not long -- just one line -- but the signed letter is in the first lady 's hand . "  Hon. Mr. Harrington , We would like to have the services of Charles from today , at 2 P.M. until tomorrow at 11 A.M. Very Resp . Mrs. Lincoln . " "  Charles " was Charles Forbes , a Treasury Department employee who was detailed to the Lincolns and often served as the president 's valet , footman , messenger or attendant , according to the Raab Collection . George Harrington was assistant secretary of the Treasury and Forbes ' boss and handled personal financial matters for the Lincolns . "  Children in the White House have always held a great fascination with the American people , " said Nathan Raab , vice president of the Raab Collection . "  It shows the president and first lady at their most personal , their most human . " Mary Todd Lincoln ended up not going to the Baltimore event , likely too burdened with preparations for a reception the next night , the final White House reception of the season , Raab says . Forbes ' close family relationship soured a year later when President Lincoln was assassinated . Forbes was seated outside the president 's box at Ford 's Theatre and was the one who allowed the assassin , John Wilkes Booth , to enter . Forbes and the president 's guard then left for a drink , leaving Lincoln unattended , Raab says . Mary Todd Lincoln ended up blaming Forbes for her husband 's death . "  Lincoln , " a film about the 16th president and his battle to end slavery , is up for 12 Academy Awards this year , including best picture . The ceremony is scheduled to be broadcast Sunday night .	Mary Todd Lincoln requests a baby-sitter in the 1864 letter She needed someone to watch their 11-year-old son , Tad The letter is being offered for sale , valued at $ 15,000
CNN  -- Is Twitter forcing journalists to march in mindless lockstep ? On the surface , the notion seems absurd . Media folks may hang out on Twitter as the new cool-kids ' club , but is n't the point to broadcast your own brand ? Why would anyone in the news racket want to echo what the rest of the gang is saying ? Washington Post columnist Dana Milbank conjured up the thesis after seeing hordes of colleagues tweeting away at a presidential debate . It is on all those laptop screens , he says , that "  the conventional wisdom gels -- and subsequent tweets , except those from the most hardened partisans , increasingly reflect the Twitter-forged consensus . " Before explaining why this is utterly wrong -- OK , mostly wrong -- a little background on what has become a powerhouse social media network . Twitter is the new AP , I like to say , a place where journalists often break news , even before feeding it to their employers . This happened to me a couple of weeks back when I learned from a source while driving that Roger Ailes had signed a new four-year deal to run Fox News . I pulled over , tweeted it on my iPad and watched it ricochet across the Web well before I could write an actual story . Watch : Why do reporters stand out in the rain ? This is a bit of a problem , as news organizations are n't getting the traffic from these posts . But they are still getting credit , and the truth is we have no choice but to be part of that conversation . With its plethora of links and more than 500 million users , Twitter is a heck of a self-promotional vehicle for those trying  sometimes relentlessly  to publicize their own work . But the site can also be a minefield that claims journalists as collateral damage . Precisely because it 's so instantaneous -- type 140 characters and click -- a growing number of media people have been fired , suspended or removed from stories for insensitive messages and jokes . It happened again recently when a New York Times Magazine writer was put on hiatus for a month after insulting a female critic of his interview with an actress by saying the woman wished she could sleep her way to the top . Twitter 's clout extends well beyond those who check it every 10 minutes . Since most journalists these days wants to know what 's "  trending , " what 's hot on Twitter quickly makes its way onto websites and cable news shows that desperately want a hipness injection . There is something uniquely democratic about this , because millions of ordinary people can "  vote " a story -- or bit of silliness -- onto the national agenda . That breaks the power of the old media oligopoly . Watch : Are the media helping Romney measure the drapes ? Of course , this zeitgeist-shaping can manifest itself in odd ways . When I was at the second presidential debate , I was blissfully unaware that Mitt Romney had stepped in it by uttering the phrase "  binders full of women " until I noticed it exploding on my Twitter feed . The campaigns have also used Twitter as a weapon , not just by exchanging snarky tweets but by pushing mocking hashtags , or searchable phrases -- sometimes through "  promoted tweets , " as Obama 's side did with the "  binders " comment . That brings me back to Milbank 's argument that Twitter prods the journalistic lemmings in the same direction . They "  want to make sure that their opinions are not veering from other opinions , " he told me . Otherwise , "  it 'll look like you do n't know what you 're talking about if you defy the conventional wisdom . " Watch : Female debate moderators slam-dunk the guys It 's worth noting that Newsweek started its Conventional Wisdom Watch back in 1988 , well before we were all using the interwebs . And I 'm sure a few journalists rely on Twitter as a digital weathervane to make sure they 're pointing in the right direction . But I view Twitter as a cauldron of ideas -- some brilliant , some witty , some wacky . I see lots of people take issue with each other  or with me  , sometimes less than politely . Since I make a point of following people on the left and right , I get revealing glimpses into what 's cooking across the spectrum . In this kind of crowded marketplace , most media people and civilians try to stand out with smart and edgy insights , rather than just repackage what everyone else is dishing . I guess it all comes down to who you follow and whether you escape the hall of mirrors by occasionally shutting the thing off . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Howard Kurtz says it 's wrong to say Twitter pressures journalists into a consensus Twitter allows users to broadcast their views ; diverse ones encouraged , he says Some journalists have followed conventional wisdom for decades , he says Kurtz : Twitter is a cauldron of ideas -- some brilliant , some witty , some wacky
CNN  -- In 1936 , a pregnant single woman in England made the difficult decision to give up one of her newborns , separating fraternal twins . It would be 78 years before the girls were reunited . The two women , now living on different continents , found each other when the daughter of one made a surprising discovery during some genealogical research . Her mother , Ann Hunt , had a twin sister she never knew about . The daughter , Samantha Stacey , wrote a letter to a woman in Oregon , asking if she was born in Aldershot , England . Elizabeth Hamel called England and said she was . In moments , she was speaking to her very long-lost sister . After a year of calling on Skype and getting to know each other , the two finally met on May 1 in California , a long way from Aldershot , where they were born to a mother who worked as a live-in servant . Alice Lamb was a cook and the girls ' father -- a man named Peters who never met the twins -- was in the British Army , the BBC reported . Hamel said she was born with a curvature of the spine , the reason Lamb kept that daughter . She could n't afford to keep both of them . Hamel , who lived with an aunt for the first years of her life , said she had been told as a child that she had a sister . But she knew it would be difficult to find her , especially since her twin likely changed her name when she got married . And she had no idea if her sister had moved from Aldershot , as she had done . When they saw each other for the first time , Hunt was overwhelmed . "  I could n't speak . I was so happy , " she said Monday . "  It 's like you 're dreaming . Even now I have to pinch myself . " The twins do n't look much alike and say they have different personalities . But during an interview with CNN , they did act like sisters , sometimes bickering lovingly and sometimes finishing the sentence for the other . Hunt said she is normally more talkative , and Hamel is the more sensible one . They both said they lead very busy lives , which will make staying in touch , already complicated because of the eight-hour time difference , a bit difficult . They share at least one trait , though , Hunt insisted . "  We use our hands in a similar manner , " she said . Hamel said that while they may not look the same in the face , they have the same feet . They also discovered they married men with the same first name  and same last initial  . When they reunited Hamel looked for similarities . "  You think , this is someone like me , " said Hamel , who is 20 minutes older . Both were raised as the only child in the family , though Hunt had no idea she had a twin until her daughter told her last year . The two have exchanged gifts , something common among reunited twins , said Nancy Segal , a psychology professor at Cal State Fullerton and author of four books about twins . "  These are the kinds of things that twins do for each other but here they have do those gifts a little bit more because they have to make up for all those years that they did n't share one another 's lives , " she said . Segal became involved with these twins when Hamel 's son wrote her an email about the unique case . She interviewed Hamel and Hunt to see how environment affects twins who are raised apart . She said fraternal twins are less likely to be close friends and do n't stay in contact as closely as identical twins . After spending a few days in the Los Angeles area , the twins are heading to Oregon to catch up some more , Segal said . On 78 years .	Ann Hunt was adopted as a child and never knew she had a twin Her sister Elizabeth Hamel knew she had a sister , thought it would be hard to find her Hunt 's daughter discovered the connection while doing research into her family history The two were reunited in California by a professor who studies twins
A rodeo stunt at the Missouri State Fair has come under criticism after a clown donned a Barack Obama mask and stuck on a broom that descended from his backside . The stunt took place during the bull riding competition on Saturday night . Rodeo announcer Mark Ficken , president of the Missouri Cowboy Rodeo Association and a school superintendent , announced a special guest : "  President Obama . " Another voice is heard over the loudspeaker working up the crowd and saying , "  We 're going to stomp Obama now . " "  As soon as this bull comes out , Obama , do n't you move , " the second voice said . "  He 's going to getcha , getcha getcha , getcha . " "  Hey , I know I 'm a clown , " the second voice said . "  He 's just running around acting like one . Does n't know he is one . " The stunt sickened Perry Beam , who came to the fair in Sedalia with his wife and a student from Taiwan to "  give him a little piece of Americana . " Beam likened the atmosphere to a Klan rally . Opinion : Racist taunts at Obama should worry us all "  It was n't clean ; it was n't fun . It was awful ; it was sickening , " Beam said , "  It was racist . " The student , Jameson Hsieh , recorded a video of the incident , but had little to say afterward . "  He did n't say anything . We rode all the way home in silence , " said Beam , who lives 50 miles away in Higginsville . "  We were just ashamed , and he did n't ask any more questions . I think he had seen enough . It is just disgusting . " Condemnation came from organizers and politicians alike . The Missouri State Fair Commission called it "  unacceptable " and said the clown has been banned "  from ever participating or performing at the Missouri State Fair again . " "  The commission reiterated that the statements and actions Saturday night were inappropriate and not in keeping with the fair 's standards , " the agency said in a written statement . "  The Missouri State Fair apologizes for the unconscionable stunt . " The board of directors at Missouri Rodeo Cowboy Association also issued an apology . "  The Sport of Rodeo is not meant to be a political platform . We are taking measures by training and educating our contract acts to prevent anything like this from ever happening again , " a statement on the group 's website said . "  All Members of the Missouri Rodeo Cowboy Association are very proud of our Country and our President . " And Republican Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder called for those responsible to be held accountable . "  I condemn the actions disrespectful to POTUS " -- president of the United States -- "  the other night , " he said in a post to his official Twitter account . "  We are better than this . " U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill echoed Kinder . "  The state fair is funded by taxpayer dollars , and is supposed to be a place where we can all bring our families and celebrate the state that we love , " she said . "  But the young Missourians who witnessed this stunt learned exactly the wrong lesson about political discourse , that somehow it 's ever acceptable to , in a public event , disrespect , taunt , and joke about harming the president of our great nation . "	State fair commission bans clown after Saturday night 's "  unconscionable stunt " Rodeo association apologizes for anti-Obama rant One witness likened the atmosphere to a Klan rally Lt. Gov. Peter Kinder says "  We are better than this "
CNN  -- A Danish court sentenced a Somali man to nine years in prison Friday for the attempted attack on a cartoonist who drew an image of the Muslim prophet Mohammed wearing a bomb-shaped turban . Mohamed Geele will be permanently expelled from Denmark when his prison term is complete , according to the sentence . Prosecutors had sought 12 years in prison for Geele . "  This is a good result , and I am very pleased with the way that it has gone , " District Attorney Kristen Dyman said . Geele was convicted Thursday of attempted terrorism , attempted manslaughter and attacking a police officer with a knife and an ax , according to prosecutors . Authorities said Geele tried to break into the home of cartoonist Kurt Westergaard on January 1 , 2010 . He cracked a window , which set off an alarm and sent police to the home . An officer shot Geele in the hand and leg . Westergaard , who was home with his 5-year-old granddaughter at the time of the break-in , hid in a "  panic room " when he realized what was happening , authorities said . Westergaard is ordinarily accompanied by bodyguards when he leaves his home , but nobody was on guard at the house that day , the Security and Intelligence Service told CNN . Danish intelligence officials linked Geele to an East African Islamist militia allied with al Qaeda . Although Geele had been under surveillance because of his alleged terrorist associations , Danish authorities said they had no idea Geele was planning an attack on Westergaard . The cartoonist has said he wanted his controversial drawing to show that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terrorism . However , many in the Muslim world interpreted the drawing as depicting their prophet as a terrorist . CNN 's Alexander Felton contributed to this story .	A Danish court issued a nine-year prison sentence in an attack on a political cartoonist Mohamed Geele will be permanently expelled from Denmark after his sentence Geele 's target was a cartoonist who drew a picture of Mohammed wearing a bomb-turban
CNN  -- There may have been more alluring electric cars on display at this year 's Tokyo Motor Show , but the beauty of this prototype lies in its performance . The SIM-LEI can travel 333 kilometers  more than 200 miles  on a single charge , say its Japanese creators SIM Drive , and it also boasts supercar-like acceleration -- 0 to 60 mph in just 4.8 seconds . The key to these remarkable statistics lies not , as you might expect , underneath the hood but in its wheels . Most electric vehicles house a single motor in the area vacated by the petrol engine , but the SIM-LEI has four motors , which fit in the hubs its wheels . Each one delivers 65 kilowatts , giving the car a total output of 260 kilowatts , compared with the 80 kilowatts of output available in , say , the Nissan Leaf . A 24.5 kWh battery sits below the floor along with inverters and controllers , which fit into a unique steel monocoque helping reduce weight , according to SIM Drive . More innovation : World 's smallest car fuels nanotech advance The SIM-LEI -- LEI stands for Leading Efficiency In-Wheel motor -- took 15 months to complete and builds on advances made with the fantastic-looking Eliica -- a super-fast eight-wheeler designed by SIM Drive CEO and President Hiroshi Shimizu . His latest design may not look so sporty but the SIM LEI does come with low-friction tires and a low-set chassis , which helps reduce drag , says the company . Recent technological advances are making in-wheel motors more attractive , says James Widmer , from the Center for Advanced Electrical Drives at the UK 's Newcastle University . "  Motors have become more powerful for their weight and the volume they take up , which has made it more practical to get very good performance from putting electric motors directly in the wheels of cars , " Widmer said . And electric motors provide drivers with far greater control than internal combustion engines , he says . "  If you do put an electric motor in each wheel then there are huge possibilities with things like traction control and stability control , " he added . While car makers including Peugeot and Mitsubishi have used in-wheel motors in concept cars that have never been commercially available , SIM Drive hopes its four-seat sedan will go into production in 2013 . SIM Drive says the price will depend on how many it makes , but if the car ends up being mass produced , customers can expect to pay around Â ¥ 2.5 million  $ 32,000  .	SIM-LEI car has an electric motor in each of its four wheels Makers say it can go from 0 to 60 mph in 4.8 seconds Car featured at this week 's Tokyo Motor Show
CNN  -- A California man who spent a month of the run with his 15-year-old niece is now in a San Francisco jail , and the girl back is home with her parents , according to police and relatives . Charles David Berlinghoff , 44 , was caught this weekend , four weeks after the Shasta County Sheriff 's office urged the public and law enforcement to be on the lookout for him . At that time , the police issued statements indicating his niece , Jean Marie Berlinghoff , was with him and "  is believed to be endangered . " The girl , meanwhile , was reunited with her family at 8 a.m. Sunday , according to police . Her father called the meeting very emotional , full of hugs and tears . "  I was able to put my arms around her and hug her , " Jake Berlinghoff told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Monday . "  Amazing is an understatement . I ca n't put to words how happy I was to see her again , and how happy her mom was to see her . " That feeling was the opposite of the parents ' feelings in previous weeks , while their daughter 's whereabouts and condition were unknown . Charles Berlinghoff had been in and out of his extended family 's life , even losing regular contact for a full decade , his brother told HLN . In 1998 , Charles Berlinghoff pleaded no-contest to one count of child molestation -- part of a deal in which three other child molesting counts were dropped , according to California court documents . But his brother said that the extended family did n't know about that sex offense , a charge that the judge in 2002 expunged from his record . On November 12 , the Shasta County Sheriff 's Office issued a statement saying that Jean Marie and her uncle were missing , having last been seen in North Redding , California , traveling together in a 1987 gray Oldsmobile . A felony arrest warrant for child stealing -- when a person entices , takes or hides a child from his or her lawful guardian -- was put out soon thereafter for Charles Berlinghoff . Police said that an additional arrest warrant , details of which were not released , was obtained December 6 by Shasta County detectives . The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children got involved , helping publicize information about the girl and her alleged abductor on transit and other signs in northern California . A $ 10,000 reward was offered for information leading to Jean Marie 's recovery and her uncle 's arrest , and authorities were on the look-out for the car . While on the run , Charles and Jean Marie spent much of their time staying in homeless shelters and eating in soup kitchens , Jake Berlinghoff said . Their run ended when one of Jean Marie 's cousins , who lives in San Francisco , spotted the pair Saturday while shopping for a jacket , said Jake Berlinghoff . The cousin called 911 and trailed the pair from a distance before police arrived . Jake Berlinghoff said that he was "  ecstatic " when he got word that Charles was in custody and his teenage daughter was safe , adding that a tearful Jean Marie told him "  she was happy to be home . "	Charles David Berlinghoff , 44 , is in a California jail on a child-stealing warrant Police say he ran off with his 15-year-old niece , prompting a month-long search The two spent much of their time at homeless shelters , the girl 's father says
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . The habits of coworkers can be irksome in the tight quarters of the modern office . Being part of a team can be a great learning experience when collaboration and discussion lead to new ideas and career growth . But for some employees , like these professionals we talked to , interactions with co-workers range from merely irritating to being a complete nightmare .  To protect the innocent and the annoyed , some of these workers are only sharing their first names .  Do any of these sound familiar ? The scented worker "  I worked with a guy that smelled like dirty , wet rags . That was pretty annoying , " recalls Christine Lam , a entrepreneur based in Washington state . The issue impacted Lam 's productivity . "  He smelled so terrible , it made my eyes water and it was very difficult to work with him as a result . " Back away from the Blackberry ! Many of us are irked by our fellow employees spending way too much time on personal phone calls or texting friends and family . And perhaps no device is more visible at work than the Blackberry . "  I had a co-worker who was on his Blackberry so much he 'd mastered blind-typing on it , " says Andrew Chris , an employee at Olighting.com , an online retailer . Unfortunately , the Blackberry-addicted team member could n't type , text and talk at the same time . "  Talking to him while he is busy typing was comparable to talking to a container of glue . " Too much face time on Facebook Krista , a consultant in Colorado , found the allure of the Internet severely curtailed her co-worker 's ability to get anything done . Krista 's "  no-worker " was particularly addicted to social networking sites . "  She would spend the majority of the day on her MySpace and Facebook pages , which she took great pains to maintain , " she notes . In terms of actual work , Krista 's teammate was n't too productive . "  I 'd say she worked approximately two hours a day , and most of it had to be corrected or redone . " The bad behavior list Those may have been some extreme examples , but co-workers can annoy us , rub us the wrong way and make us get our hate on for a number of reasons . If they 're not singing , our co-workers are chewing , slurping , sniffling , coughing or belching in a way that 's impossible for us to ignore . What are the most common reasons a fellow worker might be annoying ? They 're annoying you  and all of us  in many ways : • He or she is a "  Debby Downer , " or has a consistently negative attitude at work . • They 're incredibly nosy or prone to gossip . • They bring aromatic food to their desks for lunch . Tuna fish , broccoli and asparagus are just a few of our favorites . • They use their cubicles as a spaces to take care of personal hygiene . Everyone LOVES a fellow worker who clips his nails at his desk , right ? • They leave common areas a mess , and do n't clean up after themselves . • They play "  hot potato " with responsibilities and pass the buck whenever possible . • They 're constantly trying to one-up the competition . Resolving conflict April Callis , a Michigan-based trainer and facilitator , suggests several strategies to solve conflicts with irritating co-workers before they become major issues . Ask for a resolution "  Greet each complaint or problem with the request for a solution , " Callis suggests . She believes this approach is less likely to put your co-worker on the defensive , but instead makes them part of the solution . Just the facts , ma'am Another strategy Callis likes is the "  Dragnet strategy . " "  When gossip , a complaint or negative information is brought forward , play Joe Friday and document the facts . " Callis says that this approach defuses any potential sparks for greater conflict . "  This will take the emotion out of the picture . " Use humor Any legitimate complaint about a co-worker should be taken seriously . But , minor conflict can often be resolved by using tactful humor so that the parties involved dial the intensity down a notch . Be tactful Workers should also remember that as irritating as some of these behaviors might be , there may be other factors that are catalysts to making them happen . Excessive time on personal phone calls may be a sign of a personal crisis , while hygiene issues might arise from a medical problem . You or your manager should be fair , caring and empathetic when bringing up any issues with co-workers . They may not be aware that their actions are having an impact . "  I used to work at a company where a managing director was famous for spotting two people having a conflict and taking them to a conference room and introducing them as if they had never met or talked , " recalls David Dalka , a Chicago-based consultant who specializes in social media change management , business development and web marketing strategy . Dalka believes it was an effective strategy . "  That was the whole point -- to encourage people to talk about little things before they became big things , " he says . "  The culture was one that encouraged people to reconcile with one another on their own . " Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Working in a team can be great , but it also can reveal annoying habits of co-workers "  I worked with a guy that smelled like dirty , wet rags , " says Christine Lam Krista , of Colorado , says a "  no-worker " spends the day on social media sites Tact is advised ; hygiene issues may be medical , phone usage may be family crisis
CNN  -- An anonymous video that appears to show several police officers torturing young male suspects in Argentina has outraged many people in the South American country . The video prompted a swift reaction from Argentine authorities . Eduardo Sylvester , security minister in Salta province , asked a judge to issue arrest warrants against the police officers accused of being involved in the incident , according to Telam , Argentina 's state news agency . Five officers were arrested Thursday night , the agency said . On Friday , a sixth officer was arrested , said a police official who asked not to be identified because he was n't authorized to talk to the media . The video , posted on YouTube , shows two young men wearing only their underwear . They are surrounded by several men in civilian clothes who are apparently the police officers implicated in the case . The suspects are being held in a patio . A high concrete wall is seen in the background . The men in civilian clothes are shown pouring water on the suspects . At one point , an interrogator asks a question . The suspect in the foreground replies in a fearful voice , "  I swear to you that I do n't know anything about it . " He repeats the sentence several times . His interrogator then covers his head with a plastic bag , ties it around his neck and grabs the suspect by the head . The suspect starts yelling , then shaking and finally drops to the floor . The interrogator takes the bag off his head and the suspect is seen on the floor gasping for air . Another suspect is shown kneeling on the floor with his hands tied behind his back and being held up by one of the interrogators while another pours water on his head . The police source said officials believe the video was shot by one of the arrested officers . Officials do n't know who posted the video to YouTube he said . Sylvester told CNN affiliate Canal 13 that officials acted quickly because , "  We , the government of Salta province , are strongly convinced that these police officers are not representative of who we truly are and we are not going to tolerate under any circumstances that officers commit this kind of crime . " The video was shot in the town of General Guemes in the northwestern Argentine province of Salta . It was filmed between September and November 2011 , the police source said . The two suspects had been detained for misdemeanors and were freed soon after the incident , the source said . They are expected to testify against the officers , he added . Maria del Carmen Verdu , the director of an organization that monitors police brutality , known by its Spanish acronym CORREPI , said such incidents are common throughout Argentina . "  Torture is a common tool which is applied constantly in many detention centers and even to suspects held at police station cells before their court appearance , " Verdu said . "  We have been able to prove it multiple times in court through oral testimonies of the victims . " The police source said , "  I do n't agree that it 's a common occurrence , but I ca n't deny that this happens either . " Argentines are especially sensitive to police and military brutality . It is estimated as many as 30,000 people were killed or disappeared during the country 's military dictatorship , the period known as the Dirty War , which lasted from 1976 until 1983 . Guillermo Fontana in Buenos Aires contributed to this report .	Six officers are arrested after video appears on YouTube Video shows men in underwear being interrogated Video shot in the town of General Guemes in the province of Salta
Hong Kong  CNN  Assailants hurled Molotov cocktails at the headquarters of one of Hong Kong 's largest media companies , Next Media and at the residence of its founder and former chairman , media tycoon Jimmy Lai in the early hours on Monday morning . Security footage from Lai 's residence show a private vehicle pull up outside his house at 1:30 a.m. . In the footage , a masked man emerges from the car seconds after , ignites an object and hurls it at the front gates before driving away . Minutes later , similar devices were thrown at Next Media 's headquarters in another part of the city . Police told CNN that both cases are currently undergoing investigation , and no arrests have been made . Two vehicles suspected to have been used in the attacks were found torched , with license plates removed , reported the South China Morning Post . Lai 's assistant said that this was not the first time the media mogul 's private residences had been targeted . "  We 're not shocked . Unfortunately , violence has become a regular feature of Hong Kong now in the political discourse . That 's just a simple fact , " Mark Simon , Lai 's assistant , told CNN . Next Media and its founder , who retains a majority -- 73 % -- stake in the company , are known to be critical of the Hong Kong and Chinese governments , and have been targeted in several attacks . In 2013 , a stolen car crashed into the front gates of Lai 's residence , and a machete and an ax were left in his driveway . A week after the attack , two masked men set fire to bundles of the Apple Daily newspaper , a Next Media publication , in an intercepted delivery van , according to the Guardian , a British newspaper . For several days in mid-October , a group of protestors blocked the entrance of a printing plant that published Apple Daily , in attempt to prevent the pro-democracy newspaper from reaching newsstands . Lai , a fervent China critic and staunch supporter of the Hong Kong pro-democracy protests , resigned as chairman of Next Media shortly after the protests sites were cleared in December .	A Hong Kong media HQ and the residence of its founder , tycoon Jimmy Lai Chee-ying were attacked Monday morning Molotov cocktails were hurled at the front gates in both incidents Police are investigating the cases , no arrests have been made
With barely a month until the World Cup opens in Brazil , violent protests and strikes are breaking out across the country by groups angry about the changes the sporting event has brought -- and what it has n't . Demonstrations were held in 18 cities Thursday . The biggest and most violent was in Sao Paulo , where police shot tear gas and protesters threw rocks and smashed the windows of a car dealership and a bank . While thousands of people took part in the protests , they were still much smaller than the massive marches seen during the Confederations Cup last year when tens of thousands took to the streets . In the morning , the Homeless Workers Movement blocked main avenues across the city and about 4,000 people marched on the Arena Sao Paulo where the inaugural game of the World Cup will be held on June 12 . Demonstrators accuse the government of spending billions on new stadiums and not enough on low-income housing . "  The World Cup has done nothing to help us , " said Diana , a manicurist who has been on a list for a government-subsidized house for a decade . "  So we decided to use it as a platform to make our voices heard . " Taking advantage of the global attention focused on the country for the world soccer championship , other groups are staging protests to air their grievances . Across the country in Recife , also a World Cup venue , soldiers were deployed to rein in crime and looting after police went on strike there . In Sao Paulo , more than 5,000 striking teachers marched to demand higher wages . In the evening , a string of anti-World Cup protests were staged in different cities . In Sao Paulo , activists turned out carrying banners that said "  FIFA go home " and "  A World Cup without the people means we 're back on the street again ! " About 1,500 people marched peacefully for a couple of blocks before clashes erupted . Anti-World Cup protesters and homeless activists vowed to keep up the pressure through the global event that ends on July 13 . A total of 600,000 foreign visitors are expected for the cup and another three million Brazilian fans are expected to travel around the country .	The World Cup opens in Brazil on June 12 Some protesters say government should spend more on housing Other groups taking advantage of event to air their grievances
CNN  -- To the people of the Internet who knew his work , he was an "  enormous intellect , " a "  brilliant and determined spirit " and a "  hero of the open net . " To federal prosecutors , he was a criminal . The suicide of Internet activist Aaron Swartz continued to send shock waves Monday through the hacker community , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the larger online world . Swartz , a digital prodigy who helped develop social-news site Reddit and RSS , the technology that allows websites to send updates to subscribers , was found hanged Friday in his Brooklyn , New York , apartment . His death has inspired a flurry of online tributes and mobilized Anonymous , the loosely defined collective of so-called "  hacktivists " who oppose attempts to limit Internet freedoms . Swartz , 26 , faced allegations that he stole millions of online documents -- mostly scholarly papers -- from MIT through the university 's computer network . Some saw it as a harmless stunt , but U.S. prosecutors disagreed and slapped Swartz with federal charges for which he could have faced decades in prison . His family issued a statement Saturday criticizing prosecutors for seeking "  an exceptionally harsh array of charges  for  an alleged crime that had no victims , " and claiming that decisions made by prosecutors and MIT officials "  contributed to his death . " Swartz 's suicide also prompted some soul searching at MIT . President L. Rafael Reif has requested an analysis of MIT 's involvement in the case against Swartz , from the time the university first perceived unusual activity on its Web network in 2010 to the present . "  I have asked that this analysis describe the options MIT had and the decisions MIT made , " he said in an e-mail Sunday to members of the MIT community . "  All of us at MIT are extremely saddened by the death of this promising young man who touched the lives of so many , " Reif added . "  It pains me to think that MIT played any role in a series of events that have ended in tragedy . " That did n't stop Anonymous from claiming credit late Sunday for defacing several MIT websites . Users of MIT 's network lost access to most sites for nearly three hours Sunday night , according to the Tech , the campus newspaper . Someone claiming to represent Anonymous posted a statement online calling the government 's prosecution of Swartz "  a grotesque miscarriage of justice . " The statement then listed four "  wishes , " including reform of computer crime laws and a renewed commitment to "  a free and unfettered Internet . " The defaced pages appear to have been removed Monday . MIT 's news office did not immediately respond Monday to a request for comment . Christina DiIorio-Sterling , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Department of Justice , declined to comment to CNN on Swartz 's case , citing respect for the family . Carmen M. Ortiz , the U.S. Attorney for Massachusetts , quietly dropped the charges against Swartz on Monday . Swartz 's funeral is scheduled for Tuesday in Highland Park , Illinois . Meanwhile , by Monday afternoon scores of people had posted tributes to Swartz on Reddit and on a memorial site , Remember Aaron Swartz . "  I and others like me feel his death so keenly in part because we aspire to be the misfit , the wunderkind , the maker that he was , " wrote blogger David Brunton . "  Aaron had an unbeatable combination of political insight , technical skill , and intelligence about people and issues , " wrote his friend Cory Doctorow , co-editor of tech blog Boing Boing . "  I think he could have revolutionized American  and worldwide  politics . His legacy may still yet do so . " Using the hashtag #pdftribute , hundreds of academic researchers also posted their papers online via Twitter Sunday and Monday to honor Swartz 's memory .	Suicide of Internet activist Aaron Swartz sends shock waves through the Web Swartz faced allegations that he stole millions of online documents from MIT His death prompted Anonymous to claim credit for a hack on MIT 's websites Episode also has prompted soul searching at MIT , which will hold an internal investigation
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- A top Iranian general said government troops are "  ready to sacrifice our lives " rather than back down in the face of protests over June 's disputed presidential election . Iranians have held mass protests , such as this one on June 15 , over the recent disputed presdential election . Gen. Sayyed Hassan Firouzabadi , chief of Iran 's Joint Armed Forces , said Iranian soldiers were willing to die as they did in the brutal eight-year Iran-Iraq war in the 1980s , according to the state-run Fars News Agency . "  Some may think that by protesting and chanting their slogans against us , we will back down , retreat and give up , " Firouzabadi said . "  We are ready to sacrifice our lives , as we showed during the time of the Sacred Defense -LSB- the Iran-Iraq war -RSB- . " The government has cracked down on Iranians who protested the outcome of the June 12 election in which hard-line President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the winner over his chief rival , reformist Mir Hossein Moussavi . Moussavi called the vote fraudulent and his supporters took to the streets by the thousands , sparking clashes between demonstrators and government troops , and members of a pro-government paramilitary force . "  The military uniform , in the system of the Islamic Republic , which is the system of the holy Quran , is the uniform of the Prophet 's faithful , Firouzabadi said . "  It is the uniform of service to the supreme leadership and the people . " Meanwhile , Brig. Gen. Azizollah Rajabzadeh , Tehran 's police chief , announced the creation of a 50,000-strong constable-like force called the "  honorary police officers " that will assist police units , state-run Press TV reported . Rajabzadeh said the honorary police force could eventually expand to 300,000 nationwide .	Iranian general : Soldiers refuse to back down amid protests Protests stem from June 's disputed presidential election Tehran police chief recently announced creation of constable-like force
CNN  -- Ziuaddin Yousafzai spent much of his life believing that girls should get an education . He always made sure his daughter Malala understood that . Months after Taliban militants gravely wounded the 15-year-old with a bullet to the head for being vocal about that belief , he thinks more people around the world and in his home country agree with him . Last October , the teenager was riding home in a school van in the Swat Valley , a Taliban stronghold in Pakistan , when masked men stopped the vehicle . They demanded that the other girls identify Malala . The trained their guns on their target and fired . Then they shot another girl , wounding her . Malala was treated by Pakistani doctors in the initial days after the shooting . The prognosis was dire . As international outrage grew , Pakistanis took to the streets . Shooting a little girl ? The Taliban had gone too far this time . The government had better do something . Around the world , more people began learning about how the Taliban , years earlier , had ordered that all girls leave school . Malala "  is the daughter of the whole world , " her father told CNN on Friday . "  The world owns her . " She has become an icon of education , a symbol of girls ' rights . "  She has made a difference , " said . Malala is getting stronger by the day , and "  recovering very well , very fast , " he added . The teen was discharged from a hospital in Birmingham , England , in February and is receiving rehabilitative care . A team of international doctors who took over Malala 's care from Pakistani providers certainly did amazing work in saving her life . They addressed her brain swelling . Her skull had fractured in tiny pieces from the gunshot at close range . She has endured numerous surgeries . But apart from top-notch medicine , sheer force of will that has aided in Malala 's recovery . Her attitude has won over people worldwide . In February she was walking , and talking -- and saying she was going to get back to her advocacy for girls ' education . "  God has given me this new life , " she said at the time , in her first on-camera interview . "  I want to serve the people . I want every girl , every child , to be educated . " Ziauddin Yousafzai was an educator for many years and first inspired his daughter to take a stand . But how likely will Malala 's work and physical sacrifice actually lead to greater access to quality education for girls in Pakistan ? It 's unlikely for her own safety that Malala will ever be able to return there , and unlikely for her father as well , say observers who know Pakistan well . iReport : Your messages to Malala CNN put that question to Ziauddin . Pakistan 's government has appointed him education attachÃ © in the Pakistani Consulate in the United Kingdom . Ziauddin responded to the question by first pointing out that before his daughter was attacked , regular Pakistanis would call and tell him that they 'd seen Malala speaking out on television and , inspired , enrolled their daughters in school . She 'd received a huge amount of global attention , especially from western media , after writing a blog for the Guardian when she was 11 . She described her fear that the Taliban would keep her from learning . After Malala was shot , stirring international condemnation , Ziauddin was heartened . "  When this tragic incident happened , small kids , they had posters , banners -LSB- with Malala 's face and message -RSB- and they -LSB- related to and knew about -RSB- Malala , " Ziauddin said . "  I think it was a big change . " There have been developments in Pakistan , but it 's difficult to call them victories . A university in Pakistan changed its name to include Malala , but then students protested out of fear that Malala 's name would draw unwanted and potentially dangerous attention . Malala asked them to remove it . In March , two of Malala 's friends were honored -- but those honors would not have been granted had they not been on that bus with Malala . In an interview with CNN , one girl , Shazia Ramzan , said "  God forbid something like that would happen again . " She said she can not go to visit her uncles or aunts like I used to . " But both girls said they want to be doctors and are going to continue their studies . Time magazine selected her to be runner-up in this year 's Person of the Year . This year , Pakistan will observe Malala 's 16th birthday as "  Malala Day . " Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown joined Ziauddin in the interview . Brown , now the United Nations special envoy on global education , has been pushing Pakistani authorities to follow through in meaningful , practical ways that will improve girls ' access to quality education . Brown in his own words about girls ' education in Pakistan "  I was there in Pakistan at the time -LSB- of Malala 's shooting -RSB- , " Brown said . "  I think 2 million people have signed a petition calling for universal free education . " Brown met with Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari , who had visited Malala in the hospital in the U.K. and vowed to stand up for girls ' education and fight extremism . Beyond Pakistan , Brown said there seems to be a new passion internationally for ensuring girls ' rights . Opinion : Girls ' courage , Taliban cowardice Girls and women are saying , Brown believes , that they are not "  prepared to take this anymore . " Brown noted the cultural complacency toward rape of women in India that was brought to light when a woman was gang-raped in New Delhi in December . She died of wounds from the attack . Demonstrators in Nepal are protesting the severely limited rights of women there , Brown said , and Bangladeshi girls have formed safe zones in which children will never be forced to marry adults , a common practice . Who are the Pakistani Taliban ? But inside Pakistan and other parts of the world , change comes slow . "  We thought we would have a ` Malala moment ' but that never happened , " said Pir Zubair Shah , a fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . He was a reporter for the New York Times in Pakistan , working in the Waziristan tribal area along the border with Afghanistan . Ziauddin hosted Shah when he wrote about Malala . "  No one has said , ` Let 's slash the defense budget and allocate it to education , ' " Shah said . "  No one has been arrested in the attack on Malala . You have the girls ' school who did n't want Malala 's name . " He said he does n't believe there 's an heir-apparent for Malala in Pakistan and that safety concerns would make it impossible for her or her father to return . "  You need someone on the ground to lead social change , " he said . "  It 's not the job of Brown or people sitting outside . You have to be there among the people . And right now there is no political leadership who can do that . " The military has failed to chase after militants , the journalist said . And then there 's the complex issue of Pakistan 's relationship with the Taliban , he noted . "  The government had a chance , an opportunity -LSB- in the days after Malala 's shooting -RSB- , " he said . "  I do n't want to be pessimistic , but I 'm afraid that chance is probably gone . "	Malala Yousafzai is "  recovering very well , very fast , " her father said Friday Ziauddin Yousafzai said his daughter has had an international impact U.N. education envoy : Malala 's 16th birthday will be "  Malala Day " in Pakistan
CNN  -- All roads for the modern gentleman led to Italy this month , home of international fashion tradeshow Pitti Immagine Uomo , the nexus of the menswear universe . More than 50,000 international retailers , designers , buyers and fans congregated in Florence for the weeklong fair to discover what will be next in the world of men 's fashion . Florence has hosted Pitti since its inception in 1972 , but do n't expect to find only Italians roaming the pavilions . This January , nearly 8,000 out of 20,450 buyers were from outside of Italy , a 5 % increase from last year , according to official figures . The foreign influence has gone beyond bottom lines and ticket lines . The British gentleman was a style mainstay this year , showing up in vendor booths and in the piazzas , clad in shades of tweed , sporting elbow patches and shoes with monkstraps . With the success of the TV show "  Downton Abbey , " a jubilee and a royal baby on the way , the UK has edged its way into the global consciousness , fashion insiders say . Specialized markets create new look "  It 's a generational thing . If you wait long enough , these feel like new clothes to a new generation . Michael Bastian , Band of Outsiders -LSB- are -RSB- all interpreting classic design but in a younger , hipper incarnation . You could wear this on the weekend and not look too traditional or old-fashioned , " said Jim Moore , creative director of menswear publication GQ . "  Menswear had its inception in Great Britain , " he said . "  It 's the land of tradition and tweeds , simple fabric , seasonally appropriate fabrics . " Others suggest there may be even more intuitive reasons for the current popularity of British menswear , especially in an uncertain global economy . "  The essence of British style is in its timelessness , " said Sue Newton , spokeswoman for quintessential British heritage brand Barbour . "  It is reassuring in turbulent economic times to turn to something familiar . " That familiarity has driven a "  flight to quality " with consumers opting for the value that comes in owning garments that will last from season to season , she said . High fashion , minus the labels Barbour was one of 600 UK-based buyers who showed at Pitti this season , which overlapped with the biannual menswear shows in London . Barbour , which has been making garments since 1894 , showed at Pitti instead of London . Menswear , in recent decades hiding in the shadow of a booming women 's fashion industry , has seemingly come of age . What had previously been a woman 's world is vastly becoming a playground for men as well . "  Back 10 , 12 , 15 years ago , menswear used to be not so open , as it has become in the last few years . In the past in Italy , it was necessary to have a uniform , " said Raffaello Napoleone , CEO of Pitti Immagine Uomo . "  Now it 's much more open and more amusing , in the best way . You can be what you want . " The results of this newfound "  peacocking " have been resounding . Men 's items now account for half of the global luxury apparel market , according to the British Fashion Council . In a time when most European economies have been stagnant or shrinking , the menswear industry has been booming . In 2011 , global menswear sales increased by 9 % , taking in more than $ 33 billion worldwide . "  It 's finally not the dirty little secret anymore , men really do care . Guys are thirsting for it . Not only on the runway but on the street , " Moore said . "  This whole British thing has brought out each guy 's sense of inner peacock . They want to look great . " Men go online to cultivate style	Biannual menswear trade show Pitti Immagine Uomo draws 50,000 to Florence , Italy British style influence is in strong evidence in vendor booths and in the piazzas Trend evokes familiarity in turbulent economy , industry insiders say It "  brings out each guy 's sense of inner peacock , " GQ creative director says
Vermont 's governor on Thursday signed a bill into law that will require the labeling of genetically modified foods -- hailing it as the first such law in the nation . Under the new law , food offered for retail sale that is entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering must be labeled as such by July 2016 . "  Vermonters take our food and how it is produced seriously , and we believe we have a right to know what 's in the food we buy , " said Gov. Peter Shumlin . "  More than 60 countries have already restricted or labeled these foods , and now one state -- Vermont -- will also ensure that we know what 's in the food we buy and serve our families . " In the absence of federal action , other states have introduced similar legislation or ballot initiatives , according to the non-profit Center for Food Safety . Maine and Connecticut passed laws requiring labeling , but they wo n't go into effect until other states pass GMO-labeling laws . Vermont is the first to pass a "  no strings attached " bill , the watchdog group said . Supporters of the law expect it will be challenged in court . "  I can make no predictions or promises about how the courts will ultimately rule but I can promise that my office will mount a vigorous and zealous defense of the law that has so much support from Vermont consumers , " said Vermont Attorney General William Sorrell . The governor tweeted : "  Those opposed will put up a fight . Help us fight back . " Cathleen Enright , executive vice president for food and agriculture for the Biotechnology Industry Organization , a trade group , warned that mandated labeling could make food costs for the average household could go up as much as $ 400 a year . She stressed foods made from genetically modified crops are as safe as any other . "  And these same GM crops have enabled farmers to produce more on less land with fewer pesticide applications , less water and reduced on-farm fuel use , " Enright said in a statement . The U.S. Department of Agriculture Food Safety and Inspection Service approved a non-GMO label for meat and liquid egg products in June , the first time the department has approved such a label from a third party . GMO foods were approved for human consumption in 1995 , but the Food and Drug Administration never required any labels pointing them out as such .	Food entirely or partially produced with genetic engineering must be labeled The law , set to go in effect July 2016 , is the first of its kind in the United States Gov. Shumlin : "  We believe we have a right to know what 's in the food we buy "
CNN  -- Over the past year I 've revisited a host of Southeast Asian countries I first began traveling in more than a decade ago . The region 's progress has been remarkable both in terms of overall economic growth and the promising opening of formerly isolated nations like Myanmar . With China 's slowing growth and rising wages , investors and exporters are searching for new long-term opportunities and sites of production . The time of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  has come . Last month in Laos , I met a Malay-Laotian couple with modest backgrounds who met while on fellowships in Japan . After their respective graduate degrees , they reunited in Vientiane where they advise government agencies , donors and NGOs . Their cross-border mobility is a symbol of an entire new generation of upwardly progressive Southeast Asians who view their success as intimately connected to the broader region rather than their smaller home nations alone . While much attention is paid to President Xi Jinping 's articulation of a "  China Dream , " quietly an "  ASEAN Dream " is also being born . Read more : ASEAN ` cornerstone ' of Japan 's Asian diplomacy While obviously far from integrated in the ways the European Union is , ASEAN now has a momentum that Europe 's regional project lacks . Despite their historical differences and rivalries , ASEAN countries have been pushing forward rapidly with cross-border investments , commercial integration , and intra-regional trade that has kept them growing fast -- averaging more than 5 % -- even as the major export markets like Europe lose steam . With about 600 million people , ASEAN has only half of India 's population but already a larger GDP . Research firm IHS projects that ASEAN 's GDP will reach $ 4.7 trillion in 2020 , not far off where Japan is today . Strategic location ASEAN countries have strategic geography on their side as well . The region forms the crossroads of China and India , with deep infrastructural links re-emerging gradually through Myanmar . It is also the main conduit , via the Straits of Malacca , for most of the world 's oil flows between the Near East and Far East . Now is the time for ASEAN to move from size to coherence . Over the past 50 years , Southeast Asia has experienced colonial liberation , the traumatic Vietnam War , internal rivalries between Indonesia and Malaysia , various forms of strongman rule , and diplomatic self-isolation through non-alignment . Today the region can be considered largely stable save for the simmering South China Sea dispute . This is ASEAN 's chance to assert its collective voice , with American backing , vis-Ã - vis China and ensure that no single power dominates these crucial waters . The same applies to the issue of China 's rampant upstream damming of the Mekong River , which threatens the stability of downstream flows on which ASEAN 's heavily agricultural nations depend . Read more : ASEAN chief : South China risks becoming ` Asia 's Palestine ' Continued economic integration is also a strategic imperative . ASEAN is expected to launch an Economic Community  EAC  by 2015 that can either boost the region 's growth potential or reveal deeper protectionist firewalls in both strong and weak economies . As much as Vietnam and Thailand stand to gain from even greater access to Myanmar , Cambodia , and Laos , a community worth its name needs a vision to help develop its poorest members . The top priority both to promote integration and assist weaker ASEAN nations must be infrastructure investment . Besides Singapore , which has already become a first world city-state , only Vietnam and Malaysia have significantly invested in nationwide infrastructure . Coupled with significant political and regulatory reforms , their second wave is under way . Other major ASEAN countries such as Indonesia , Thailand and the Philippines are finally ramping up in terms of allocating greater shares of the national budget and overall GDP to infrastructure . Crucial gateway Far too often flooding and other mishaps take critical sectors of their economies offline . Indonesia is now focused on roads , Thailand on railways , and the Philippines on ports . If they execute on these critical projects , the current growth rates will be far more resilient in the years ahead . Furthermore , with their high savings rates , dynamic private sectors , and growing interest from international markets , much more indigenous and foreign capital can be allocated towards public-private investment pools that can finance long-term infrastructure needs . We should remember that ASEAN 's integration and development is as fundamentally a social as an economic or political issue . Around the world , urbanization is bringing never-before-imagined opportunities to more than 50 million people per year who move into cities -- but it has also exacerbated inequality , fueling unrest from Sao Paulo to Istanbul . For inclusive growth to occur , urbanization must be strategically conceived as a vehicle for employing -- and training -- tens of millions of youth in construction , hospitality , healthcare , education , and other services . Furthermore , the large rural poor populations of Myanmar , Cambodia and Indonesia need the basic health and education systems , as well as more advanced agricultural equipment that open borders can bring . For decades ASEAN has been thought of as a second-tier regional body . Now it has a chance to be the crucial gateway between powerful regions , a network of sustainable cities , and a thriving pillar of the century of Asia .	ASEAN economies have been growing at an average of more than 5 % , Parag Khanna says With a shared population of just half India 's , ASEAN already has a larger GDP , he says Research firm IHS projects that ASEAN 's GDP will reach $ 4.7 trillion in 2020 ASEAN nations ' top priority must be infrastructure investment , Khanna says
The Ebola outbreak in coastal West Africa is still contained to Guinea and Liberia , the World Health Organization announced Tuesday , despite rumors of the virus spreading to other countries . Cases have been reported in Sierra Leone , Mali and Ghana , but the WHO says none has been confirmed . Rumored cases in Mali are still being investigated . The number of suspected cases in Guinea has grown to 157 , with 101 deaths . Sixty-seven have been confirmed as Ebola . In Liberia , 21 cases have been reported , including 10 deaths . Five of the cases have been confirmed as Ebola . The outbreak has "  rapidly evolved " since originating in the forests of southeastern Guinea . The city of Guekedou , near the borders with Sierra Leone and Liberia , has seen the majority of the deaths . Twenty cases are believed to have occurred in Guinea 's capital , Conakry , according to WHO . "  This is one of the most challenging Ebola outbreaks that we have ever faced , " said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , WHO 's assistant director-general for health security . What is Ebola and why does it kill ? It 's the first emergence of Ebola in western Africa , which means doctors and health officials in the region do n't have any experience with the virus . Outbreaks generate a lot of fear and anxiety , Fukuda said , which can lead to misinformation . The U.N. agency is trying to track people who had encountered the victims and make sure "  that all those who have been in contact with infected people are being checked upon , " spokesman Tarik Jasarevic told CNN last week . There are about 50 staff currently deployed in the area and more are set to go shortly . They are working to prevent the spread of infection , primarily in health care facilities , and are sending personal protective equipment to surrounding countries . "  What is really important is to inform the population of Guinea and Conakry about this disease , as this is the first time they are facing Ebola , " Jasarevic said . "  They need to know what it is and how they can protect themselves . " The aid organization Doctors Without Borders has called the outbreak unprecedented , because previous cases have been limited to a small area . Mali 's government reported on its Facebook page last week that biological samples tied to three suspected Ebola cases within its borders were being sent to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention for analysis . WHO said two of the samples have come back negative ; they are still waiting on the other . Nine Ebola cases total are suspected in the country . Ebola is one of the world 's deadliest viruses , causing a hemorrhagic fever that kills up to 90 % of those infected . It spreads in the blood and shuts down the immune system , causing high fever , headache and muscle pain , often accompanied by bleeding . Close to 9 in 10 of the patients WHO health professionals are seeing with Ebola are dying , said Dr , Stephane Hugonnet , who returned from southeast Guinea last weekend . "  Ebola is clearly a severe disease , " Fukuda said . "  It is also an infection that can be controlled . ... We know very well how this virus is transmitted . " The virus is named after the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , where one of the first recorded outbreaks occurred in 1976 .	Mali says it has three suspected Ebola cases Ebola has sickened 178 people , killed more than 100 , WHO says More deaths are suspected or confirmed in Sierra Leone , Mali
A trove of emails from former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush 's time in Tallahassee reveal a hands-on chief executive who was a prolific Blackberry user . Bush , who is considering a 2016 presidential run , planned on releasing the tens of thousands of emails next month . But the Washington Post got out ahead of him , obtaining the emails through a public records request and publishing them late Tuesday . While Bush was clearly aware that the emails could go public one day , the notes offer an insider 's perspective on Bush 's time in office and his dealings on issues ranging from land disputes to funding for a military base in Florida and the state 's citrus industry . Here are the top 5 takeaways : 1 . A personal touch Bush exchanged emails with hundreds of constituents sharing their advice and concerns on specific issues -- with such high-level discussions even including a quick reply to a woman asking for the date of his wife 's birthday . Bush even personally responded to job applicants , revealing what the Washington Post called an "  intense , detail-oriented engagement " as governor . On one of his top issues , for example , Bush received a "  daily immigration update . " 2 . "  Awesome " emails The former governor also took a casual approach in his emails , which he peppered with words like "  my bad , " "  chill out " and "  awesome . " And Bush was also apparently a big believer in the power of the smiley face . As staffers exchanged emails about vacation time , Bush suggested that "  you guys h that you guys have a verbal conversation about it rather than create a public document . : " But he also used them to reply to angry emails , like when one man wrote him that "  politicians make me sick , you make me sick . " "  I am truly sorry you feel that way . Have a nice day , " Bush said , throwing in a smiley face . 3 . Cuba Bush slammed President Barack Obama 's decision last week to normalize relations with Cuba , and it 's clear from the emails that he 's remained consistent on that issue . In a 1999 email , Bush pledged to stand for a tough policy on the island , telling then-Rep . Lincoln Diaz Balart that "  forceful diplomacy can make a difference . " That stance has n't kept Sen. Marco Rubio , a Bush mentee and potential 2016 foe , from stealing the spotlight last week as he jumped in front of the cameras to become the GOP 's leading voice on opposing Obama 's engagement with the Cuban regime . 4 . Campaign finance reform -- and a brother 's shadow One email exchange with a top GOP donor , Al Hoffman , gives a candid glimpse at Bush 's stance on campaign finance laws . In the email , Hoffman encourages Bush to support a campaign finance reform law working its way through the Florida legislature , but the governor balks , explaining that he 's only in favor of "  campaign finance reform that does n't put us at a disadvantage . " And the bill in question , "  would do just that , " Bush wrote . The exchange also reveals an interesting angle the GOP donor uses as he looks to secure the governor 's support . "  Your brother thinks it 's the right thing to do , " Hoffman writes . 5 . Conservative criticism Lauded by many in the GOP establishment as a smart , fiscally conservative governor who delivered economic gains for his state , the emails also reveal a challenge from the party 's most conservative members that Bush is likely to face in an eventual GOP presidential primary . He received one email branding him as "  NO CONSERVATIVE " and regularly took flak from activists who wanted more right-leaning policies out of the governor 's mansion , according to the Post . One pro-life activist attacks Bush in an email for appointing a lawyer who represented the owner of an abortion clinic .	Bush personally responds to hundreds of constituent emails and personally answering job applicants He also takes a casual approach with plenty of smileys and expressions like "  chill out " and "  my bad " The emails also show he 's remained consistent on Cuba , and is n't a big campaign finance reform advocate And the emails give some insight into the conservative backlash he could face in a 2016 GOP primary
Pretoria  CNN  -- Handwritten messages pinned to a makeshift memorial board outside a Pretoria hospital describe the fear and resignation felt by many ordinary South Africans that Nelson Mandela may not be with them much longer . "  You are and will always be a true legend and grandfather to us all , " reads one note tied around the neck of a little white bear . Another , placed with a bunch of proteas , the country 's national flower , says "  Tata Mandela you have touched our lives and blessed us in more ways than one . We love you . " Many of the messages appear to be written by children , in colored glue and pen , including one which features the hand prints of children still far too young to understand the indelible mark the former president has left on their country . The touching and very personal tributes started appearing on the wall on June 8 , the day Mandela was admitted to hospital for a recurring lung infection . However , what was hoped to be a short stint has stretched into its 19th day , the longest period of hospitalization ever for a man known not for his physical strength but personal fortitude . Headlines in local newspapers leave little doubt about the challenges Mandela , or Madiba as he 's known here , faces after a life of struggle at the age of 94 . Against a predominantly black front page , the Daily Sun 's lead headline reads : "  The Final Struggle , " with the sub headline "  Critical Hours for Madiba . " On Sunday , President Jacob Zuma announced that Mandela 's condition had slipped from stable to critical , prompting a private meeting of his closest family members Tuesday . It 's not known what they discussed but the meeting added further worry as onlookers waited for an update from the presidential office on Mandela 's condition . Since his condition worsened on Sunday , media crews from around the world have made their way to the street outside the Medi-Clinic Heart Hospital in Pretoria . Late Tuesday , in an ominous sign , large numbers of police officers descended on the area , setting up road blocks at either end of the Celliers street , where the hospital is located . Pedestrians are being allowed to move back and forth across the barriers , as are cars , but most media crews remain parked for fear of losing their space in what 's fast becoming a very crowded street . A number of satellite trucks have been moved into position , beaming live broadcasts around the world -- further evidence , if any is needed , of Mandela 's influence beyond the borders of his homeland . In between reports , journalists struggle to stay warm ; it 's winter in South Africa and while the sun warms the air throughout the day , at night temperatures fall below freezing . No one knows how long the wait will last . If the darkening mood is anything to go by , it may not be long until South Africa is forced to confront the reality that some hoped would never come .	Mood darkens in South Africa as Nelson Mandela 's condition remains critical More messages are being pinned on a wall outside the hospital in Pretoria Media has gathered since announcement Sunday that condition had worsened Headlines in local newspapers suggest struggle may be coming to an end
Tokyo  CNN  -- The decommissioning of four reactors at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant will likely take more than 30 years to complete , according to a report by Japanese officials . The draft report , released by Japan 's Atomic Energy Commission of the Cabinet Office on Friday , said the removal of debris -- or nuclear fuel -- should begin by the end of 2021 . "  We set a goal to start taking out the debris within a 10-year period , and it is estimated that it would take 30 years or more  after the cold shutdown  to finish decommissioning because the process at Fukushima would be complicated , " the report states . Last month , the plant 's owner -- Tokyo Electric Power Company -- said engineers might be able to complete the cold shutdown of damaged reactors by the end of the year . Yukiya Amano , the director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , told the U.N. General Assembly Tuesday that operators of the plant "  are now confident that the so-called cold shutdown will be achieved by the end of the year . " Temperatures in the three reactors where meltdowns occurred in the wake of the historic March 11 earthquake and tsunami have already been brought down below 100 degrees Celsius  212 degrees Fahrenheit  , but the company has to maintain those conditions for some time before declaring the reactors in cold shutdown , Tokyo Electric spokesman Yoshikazu Nagai said in October . Experts have said it will take years -- perhaps decades -- to fully clean up the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl . Hydrogen explosions blew apart the No. 1 and No. 3 reactor housings , while another hydrogen blast is suspected to have damaged the No. 2 reactor . Fires believed caused by heat from the No. 4 spent fuel pool damaged that unit 's reactor building . The atomic energy commission 's report noted it took 10 years to remove nuclear fuel after the 1979 Three Mile Island disaster in the United States . The commission predicted removing fuel at Fukushima would require more time , because the extent of the damage was more severe . But the timetable does n't address plans for dealing with the radiation released into the wider environment from the Fukushima disaster , said Timothy Mousseau , a radiation ecologist at the University of South Carolina . Mousseau told CNN International 's "  Prism " on Wednesday that scientists "  are just now starting to get a handle " on the amount of radioactive material released by the disaster . "  What 's important to realize is there 's a very large environmental problem that needs to be addressed head-on , " he said . "  At the moment , there 's very little in the way of scientific research being done to determine what the scope and the time frame will be for dealing with the remediation of these effects in the coming years . " Mousseau said volunteers collecting data around the country are finding "  quite a bit of radiation , " while contaminated water released into the Pacific will take some time to be fully dispersed and diluted . The plume of radioactive particles that spewed from Fukushima Daiichi displaced about 80,000 people who lived within a 20-kilometer  12.5-mile  radius of the plant , as well as residents of one village as far as 40 kilometers to the northwest . The government has yet to determine when those evacuated can return to their homes . In mid-October , an IAEA team praised the country 's efforts to decontaminate the area , but urged Japanese authorities "  to avoid over-conservatism " in the effort . Japan 's main strategy has been to scrape off the top 5 centimeters  2 inches  of topsoil from contaminated areas -- a plan the IAEA found could produce "  huge amounts of residual materials " -- but it is conducting a variety of tests in different areas , the report concluded . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Expert says "  a very large environmental problem " remains beyond the plant IAEA chief says "  cold shutdown " can be achieved by the end of 2011 Government officials say the removal of nuclear fuel should begin by 2021 The panel predicts it will take more than 10 years to remove nuclear fuel
CNN  -- The health of Yemen 's wounded president is improving , but doctors are recommending that he stay in Saudi Arabia for a "  longer time " to recover , an adviser said Friday . This came as thousands of anti-government protesters demonstrated across Yemen and five people died in an explosion at a military checkpoint in Aden . Yemeni ruling party officials had been saying that President Ali Abdullah Saleh would return home Friday from Saudi Arabia , where he was taken for treatment after he was wounded in a June 3 attack on the country 's presidential palace . "  Doctors recommended that President Saleh stays in Saudi Arabia for a longer time . They said that Saleh 's health is improving , " said Ahmed Al-Soufi , a senior presidential adviser in Yemen . "  The health of President Saleh is important to us , and we hope he will be here within days . " The biggest demonstrations are taking place in Sanaa , Taiz , Hodieda , and Ibb provinces , witnesses said , and the protesters condemned U.S. and Saudi interference in Yemeni political affairs . Demonstrators chanted , "  The people reject U.S. interference " and "  the revolution will prevail . " "  We want the revolution to succeed , and the U.S. is not making this possible , " said Sabreen Ariki , a leading figure in the Youth Revolutionary Movement in Taiz . "  It is killing the revolution , but we want to tell them that we will continue protesting until our demands are met . " Members of the Revolution Youth Organizing Committee , one of the groups in the Youth Revolutionary Movement in Yemen , condemned Saudi Arabia and the United States for what they said was the negative influence both countries are having on Yemen and promised that the countries ' stance against the revolution will not be forgotten . "  It has become clear that the Saudi stance is against the will of the people and they are seeking their own interests while ignoring the interests of the Yemeni people , " said Waseem Qirshi , a committee representative . In Sanaa , tens of thousands of Saleh followers gathered in support of him , demanding that the international community respect its constitutional president and not violate the Yemeni Constitution . In New York , members of the U.N. Security Council expressed "  grave concern " Friday about the deteriorating security and humanitarian situation in Yemen . "  They urge all parties to show maximum restraint and to engage in an inclusive political dialogue , " the council said in a statement after receiving a briefing on the situation . The Mission of the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights will visit Yemen from June 27 until July 6 . Investigators are probing the June 3 attack on the mosque in Yemen 's presidential palace , which occurred when Saleh and other senior officials were attending Friday prayers . There were deaths and injuries in the attack , and Saleh was among several people taken to Saudi Arabia for medical treatment . Meanwhile , four soldiers and a civilian were killed when a bomb-laden vehicle exploded Friday at a military checkpoint in Aden , a security official there said . The official asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . The official said the attack took place about 500 meters from a military compound where many of the army 's tanks are located . Yemen has been wracked by unrest for months as protesters have demanded an end to Saleh 's rule . In recent weeks , government troops have battled both anti-government tribal forces and Islamic militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . The United States has been aiding Yemen 's military in its fight against Islamic militants amid fears that al Qaeda is exploiting the political chaos and leadership vacuum engulfing the unstable and impoverished Arabian Peninsula country . The violence has led many people to flee their homes . Close to 45,000 people in southern Yemen have been displaced , particularly in Aden , Lahj and Abyan provinces , the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs estimated this week .	NEW : U.N. Security Council expresses "  grave concern " about situation in Yemen Four soldiers and a civilian were killed at an Aden checkpoint , official says Doctors say they think Saleh needs a bit more time to heal Yemeni officials continue to say they hope he 'll return "  within days "
Washington  CNN  -- Police arrested more than a hundred protesters during an anti-war demonstration outside the White House fence Thursday . The event was part of a rally that also was in support of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange , whose website has revealed secret U.S. documents about Iraq , Afghanistan and other countries . "  This lynch mob mentality is America at its lowest , " said Daniel Ellsberg , a former military analyst who , a generation ago , leaked the "  Pentagon Papers " to The New York Times . Ellsberg , now 79 , told reporters this would be his 80th arrest for civil disobedience in the time since his revelations helped shed light on how badly the war in Vietnam was going for the United States . After a noisy but peaceful demonstration involving a few hundred people , police ordered the group to disperse . Those who refused were then placed in plastic handcuffs , led to a processing tent during a snow shower , photographed and placed on a bus for transport . Ellsberg was among them . Police continued to clear the demonstrators nearly two hours later . U.S. Park Police spokesman Sgt. David Schlosser later told CNN a total of 131 people were arrested and charged with failure to comply with a police order . Most , if not all , were expected to admit guilt , pay a $ 100 fine and be released . Before the protest began in nearby Lafayette Park , Ellsberg held a news conference with an Australian group that had placed a full-page ad in The New York Times calling for fair treatment of Assange as he fights potential legal action as publisher of secret materials his website received . Assange is Australian . The activist group GetUp said nearly 95,000 of his countrymen have signed a statement of support for him and for the concepts of free speech and presumption of innocence . Ellsberg said there are parallels in the WikiLeaks case with what he went though in 1971 when he supplied The New York Times with details of a top-secret Pentagon study of U.S. decision-making during the Vietnam War . He said of the latest leaks , "  I regard it as a very admirable act , " and added he believes the person who supplied the information to WikiLeaks acted out of the same obligation "  to inform the American people . " And where the Nixon administration had The New York Times as a clear target for the Pentagon Papers , he said the "  effort now is to distinguish WikiLeaks from the establishment press in order to prosecute . " He called that effort "  a fool 's mission , " since Assange is a digital publisher . The right of The New York Times to publish the Pentagon Papers was eventually upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court . "  When I revealed the Pentagon Papers , I thought at most there was a very small chance that it might have an effect on the war , just as sure Bradley Manning did n't have any guarantee what he 's doing would have any effect , but he was ready to go to prison for life to have some small chance of doing it , " Ellsberg said . Manning , a U.S. Army private first class , is a suspect in the WikiLeaks disclosures . He is awaiting trial in a Virginia stockade in connection with earlier WikiLeaks revelations he is accused of involvement with . He has not admitted guilt in either incident , his supporters say .	The anti-war protest also was a rally in support of WikiLeaks Daniel Ellsberg , of "  Pentagon Papers " fame , was among those arrested Ellsberg says he regards the latest leaks "  as a very admirable act "
CNN  -- He 's a huge , strangely dressed man who sneaks into people 's homes at night , then yells , "  Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! " at the top of his lungs . Who would n't be afraid of Santa Claus ? "  A 2-year-old knows what a regular person looks like , and Santa ai n't it , " author Nancy Watkins says . Authors Denise Joyce and Nancy Watkins know at least 250 toddlers who are . The two recently published a book called "  Scared of Santa : Scenes of Terror in Toyland " that shows photos of children on St. Nick 's lap -- most of whom are desperate to leave . The project started at the Chicago Tribune , where both Joyce and Watkins work . They asked readers to send in their photos and got an overwhelming response that 's still going strong . Last week , the Tribune 's "  Scared of Santa " Web site had 2 million hits . An agent saw the journalists ' success and proposed the stocking-stuffer book . Now anyone can enjoy the chapters labeled "  Titans of Tears , " Misery Squared " and Watkins ' favorite : "  Santa Claus Is Comin ' ... After You . " "  We still laugh at -LSB- the book -RSB- , " Watkins said . "  I 'll open it up and be like , ` Oh you remember that one ! ' It just cracks me up . " See photos of screaming toddlers " CNN talked with Watkins about her love of photos of scary Santas and why she never forced her son onto Santa 's lap . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : How did the original idea for this book come about ? Nancy Watkins : It started out as a reader interaction feature for the holidays . We put the call out to readers to have them send us their photos . We were not the first people to do this , I must confess . The Palm Beach Post did it first , and then they shared the idea with other papers in this organization we belong to . So that 's how it came about . And we got a great response in print . Then it really took off when it went online , and it 's still going pretty strong at the ChicagoTribune.com / scaredofsanta . CNN : Do you have any favorite photos or parts of the book ? Watkins : Well , you know , that would be like choosing a favorite child . But in general , I think Denise and I both love the photos of the scary Santas . We have a whole chapter devoted to the Santas you would just not want to run into in a dark alley , and you can see why the kids would be scared of those guys . Especially the vintage ones . I love the ones that are from the '50s and '60s , and we 've got some that go as far back as the '20s . Those are just really fun to look at and see that being scared of Santa just goes back many , many decades -- probably to the dawn of time . Watch Watkins talk about the book " CNN : What do you think is so scary about Santa ? Why do kids react that way ? Watkins : Well , I think you need to look at it from the perspective of a 2-year-old . I think 2 - to 4-year-olds are most likely , first of all , to completely freak out over Santa . When they 're younger , everyone looks weird and new and different , and you just never know what 's going to make a kid cry at that age . But a 2-year-old knows what a regular person looks like , and Santa ai n't it . Santa is huge , and he 's got that crazy white suit , and he 's got the huge white beard and the hat . And he 's sitting on this great big throne . He 's very intimidating to a real little kid . So he can be the nicest , sweetest Santa on the planet , but I can see why a 2-year-old would have a meltdown . Especially , you know , after waiting in line for an hour , and there 's kind of already a lot of noise . And then this guy starts yelling , "  Ho ! Ho ! Ho ! " at them . CNN : It said in the book that you never made your kid sit on Santa 's lap . Is that true ? Watkins : I never forced him to . We tried every year . We would wait in line , and he was always up for it , always wanted to go see Santa , until we got right up to his turn and then forget about it -- he was not going anywhere near him . And I just thought , well , OK , I was n't going to force him . Now looking at these pictures , I think , well maybe if I had just done it one time , it 'd be funny to have the picture now . Because these families keep these photos -- they might have some of the nice , smiley pictures too , but I think it 's these crying pictures that really become heirlooms . You know , they bring them out , and everybody laughs at them . And as the kids get older they have to suffer through it , but then they kind of grow to appreciate it , too . CNN : Do you have any like that of you ? Watkins : My mom scrounged around trying to find some , and we did find one , but I was not scared . I was very happy to be seeing Santa at the bank . I do n't know if they still do that , but back in the '60s you could go see Santa at the bank . And my brothers and I were just as happy as can be because we knew where the toys were coming from , and we were going to be polite to Santa . CNN : Have you had any complaints from Santas or Santa associations ? Watkins : Well , for the book , Denise actually interviewed the president of the Amalgamated Order of Real Bearded Santas , and so we got some comments from them . No complaints from Santas -- at least not yet . We did hear from kind of a grouch on Amazon.com who objected to our laughing at and making money at the expense of crying children . But not yet has anyone come up to us and said , "  I am scarred for life because I was afraid of Santa . " So I 'm pretty sure that most of these kids are over it in about five minutes .	Journalists Denise Joyce and Nancy Watkins wrote "  Scared of Santa " Book contains photos of screaming toddlers on Santas ' laps Watkins says , "  I 'm pretty sure that most of these kids are over it in about five minutes "
CNN  -- No matter the years she has been away and the miles that separate her , Crystal Roles still calls Naoma , West Virginia , home . She left the mining town with her high school sweetheart , soon after they graduated and married in 1989 . But every trip back home -- to the area the world has been watching for days -- is a reunion with a special world for the coal miner 's daughter . "  It 's a breed of people , a group of people that are like nobody else , " says Roles , 39 . "  The same people who are underground now , looking for the four missing , are kids I went to high school with . " Authorities confirmed early Saturday that rescue efforts had came to a grim end after crews found the bodies of four miners who had been missing since the explosion almost a week ago . The death toll from Monday 's blast at the Upper Big Branch mine now stands at 29 , making it the worst mining disaster in the United States in nearly four decades . Rescue crews going underground , Roles says , may have had "  to step over one of their neighbors , a deacon in their church or someone who recently sat on the front porch with them having a glass of tea . " Since the explosion , outsiders have tuned in to the news from her hometown . But for those who live there or were raised in mining communities , the story will continue long after the media trucks pull away . Grounded in family ties , hard work and pride , it is a story that links generations and binds people together . It is a life driven by harsh economic realities -- the need to have work and support families . It comes with a steep price : Miners hold one of the most dangerous jobs in America . In West Virginia , the average miner brings home $ 68,000 a year , according to 2007 figures provided by the National Mining Association -- a salary the organization says is 100 percent higher than the average state wage . Because of her deep connection to Naoma , Roles , who now lives in Hickory , North Carolina , has hung on every shred of information she can get . Text messages from cousins came almost immediately Monday evening . And through phone calls to her parents , she knows her 63-year-old father , Benny Crum , is a wreck . See Roles ' iReport posting "  I 've cried ever since this happened . My heart is broke , " Crum , a former miner , said Thursday night . "  Coal miners -- it 's like a fraternity . When it comes to one of them getting hurt , we all hurt . You want to go and help . " Forced into retirement 18 years ago , after he said black lung disease made the work impossible , Crum feels there 's little he can do . Dependent on oxygen tanks , he listened to his scanner Monday night and watched and worried as others raced to the Upper Big Branch coal mine . Later , from his porch , he looked on as his community formed a candlelight vigil . Being a coal miner was in his blood and all Crum ever wanted to do . The danger of his job , roof bolting -- or supporting the ceilings to keep others safe -- was like a drug that fueled him during 18-hour days . His father began working in the mines at age 12 , the day after his own father died on the job . "  My daddy was a miner for 57 years . Most of his life was spent underground , " Crum said . Among the miners are men who defy the stereotypes held by some outsiders , Crum said . Though they are miners , they are also teachers , ministers , police officers . They 're people who are trained and do this work because they are proud to , or because their other career choices have n't paid enough to support their families . Crum said he 's seen coal miners quit to head off to medical school . "  They 're not doing this because they 're too stupid to do anything else , " he said . "  They 're skilled and educated people -- not just a bunch of hicks . " And there 's a work ethic that those connected to mining communities say is unmatched . For about nine hours a day , six days a week , Kara Scurlock 's husband , Brian , 31 , works in a mine not far from Upper Big Branch . If he gets vacation time , she does n't know it , because he never takes it . Given travel time from their home in Beaver , West Virginia , and down into the mine , he 's gone about 12 hours a day . Deep underground , he works beneath a ceiling that stands about 3 feet high . See Kara Scurlock 's iReport posting "  It 's cold , it 's wet , it 's muddy , " and when these miners come home , "  they 're sore , they 're tired , they 're hunched over all night , " she said . "  When he -LSB- Brian -RSB- gets up and walks , you can hear his knees pop . And he stays congested . He 's constantly hacking . " But her husband does n't complain , she says . In his free hours during the day , he fixed up the house he purchased . He took time off from the mines in 2003 after his brother , Rodney , was electrocuted in the same Massey Energy mine the world is watching today , she said . But he went back soon after he and Kara married in 2005 . "  It gets in your blood , " said Scurlock , who is the granddaughter and great-granddaughter of coal miners . "  I would stand behind him , whatever he chooses . " Scurlock worries about her husband but says he shows no fear himself . When he came home Monday night , she grabbed him , held him all night and cried . Every day , when he leaves for work , the process is always the same , she said . "  He just makes sure when he leaves for work he gives me a kiss and tells me he loves me , " she said . "  And I make him carry a pen and paper in his bucket , so in case something happens , he can write a note . " Country singer Kathy Mattea still feels a deep kinship with miners and their families . Her two grandfathers were miners in West Virginia , where she grew up outside Charleston . One was an organizer in the 1920s and '30s for the United Mine Workers of America . When she heard the news Monday , she said she felt "  an unexplainable grief for people I 've never met that 's with me all the time . " That feeling , during the Sago Mine disaster in 2006 , inspired her 2008 album "  Coal . " Mattea was 9 when an explosion in Farmington , West Virginia , in 1968 killed 78 miners , including an uncle of the state 's current governor . She remembers "  the pall over our household , how all the oxygen got sucked out of the place . " That moment is what she always returns to when mine disasters strike . If the recent mine explosion affected you , share your story She honors her coal mining history and the people still living that life in simple actions . She wishes others would , too . "  When we flip on a light switch , we 're part of the story , " said Mattea , who lives in Nashville , Tennessee . "  It was hot enough yesterday to turn on the AC . And I thought , because I 'm doing this , I 'm directly linked to what 's happening there . It felt different . "	Mine disaster shines spotlight on community steeped in pride , hard work and danger Former miner a wreck : "  When it comes to one of them getting hurt , we all hurt " Miners include teachers , ministers and police officers , defying stereotypes , miner says Country singer Kathy Mattea feels kinship with miners ; her history inspired "  Coal " album
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  A dispute over natural gas supply flared Friday between Russia and Ukraine , even as a ceasefire between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine appeared to be taking hold . Both sides in the conflict have begun withdrawing their heavy weaponry from the front line of the conflict , in line with a peace deal agreed to in Minsk , Belarus , two weeks ago . There has also been a reduction in the fighting between the two sides , although some artillery fire can still be heard . But the ceasefire remains fragile . A spokesman for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko cited him as saying on Twitter : "  We starting withdrawing only some of the heavy weaponry . Ukrainian military are ready to return the equipment to the front line any time . " The leader of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic , Alexander Zacharchenko , said separatist forces there had withdrawn 90 % of their heavy weapons . But he also warned that they reserved the right to return the weapons to the front line if authorities in Kiev did not keep their end of the bargain . A CNN team on the ground saw a small convoy of artillery , flying the yellow-and-blue flag of Ukraine , heading south out of the conflict zone Thursday . The separatists began the withdrawal of heavy weapons a couple of days earlier . Under the terms of the Minsk agreement , the two sides have until Monday to complete the withdrawal and create a buffer zone of at least 50 kilometers  31 miles  for heavy weapons . The Organization for Cooperation and Security in Europe is tasked with monitoring the ceasefire and the withdrawal . Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said Friday that three Ukrainian troops had been killed and seven injured in the past 24 hours in continued clashes . Meanwhile , Russian Energy Minister Alexander Novak warned that Russian energy giant Gazprom could cut the supply of natural gas to its neighbor in the coming days if payment is not received . Russia 's Tass state news agency said that Gazprom confirmed receiving $ 15 million Friday in prepayment from Ukraine . But that is enough to pay for only a day 's supply of natural gas , the news agency said . A meeting between the European Union , Russia and Ukraine is due to take place in Brussels , Belgium , on Monday to discuss gas supply to Ukraine . Russia has used gas as a weapon before , cutting off supplies to Ukraine three times in the past decade . A new dispute could affect the rest of Europe . About a third of the European Union 's natural gas comes from Russia , and 15 % flows through Ukraine . However , now that the worst of winter is over , the threat of a halt in the supply of gas is less alarming than it was for Ukraine and for the rest of Europe . In any case , Kiev has reserve gas supplies that could be used if the supply from Russia were stopped . Europe also has the option of reverse supply -- sending gas back through pipelines into Ukraine . The latest disagreement comes against the backdrop of an EU investigation into Gazprom , which is due to report soon . Europe has accused Gazprom of using its dominant position to manipulate prices and hinder the free flow of gas across the continent . The developing situation in eastern Ukraine was the focus of an emergency U.N. Security Council meeting in New York on Friday . The chief monitor for the OSCE mission to Ukraine , Ertugrul Apakan , reported some progress in implementing the Minsk agreement as he briefed the council , but said much remained to be done . "  For the past days , combat operations have been significantly reduced across the conflict zone , although some violence has still occurred around Donetsk airport , as well as close to the town of Mariupol , " he said . "  As to the withdrawal of heavy weapons , yesterday our monitors began observing the movement of heavy weapons away from the line of contact on several instances . " However , the OSCE needs more information in order to monitor their withdrawal effectively , he said , including what heavy weapons each side has , where they are now and where they will be taken . There are currently 451 civilian monitors in Ukraine , he said , of whom more than 300 are in the contested Donetsk and Luhansk regions . The mission will need more technological resources , such as drones , in order to cover a huge area of operations extending about 50,000 square kilometers  19,300 square miles  , including large stretches of the Russia-Ukraine border , he said . More hubs may also have to be set up for OSCE patrols . Ertugrul also highlighted the plight of more than 1 million people forced from their homes within Ukraine , "  some of them living in desperate circumstances . " Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking Friday at his ministry 's Diplomatic Academy , said : "  Impartial observers , including the Organization for Co-operation and Security in Europe , have registered a significant reduction in the exchange of fire , so the ceasefire is nonetheless yielding a result . " But he stressed that although some progress has been seen in the withdrawal of heavy weapons , "  it is important to consolidate it . " He also warned that Ukraine must keep its nonaligned status "  in order to keep the stability in Europe . " Russia is unhappy about what it sees as NATO 's expansion toward its western border . Ukraine is not a NATO member , but Baltic nations bordering Russia belong to the alliance and Georgia also hopes to join . Ukraine and the West accuse Russia of arming and training the separatists , as well as sending Russian troops over the border to fight with them . Russia denies the claims . CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Donetsk , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed from Kiev . CNN 's Radina Gigova , Nana Karikari-apau and Ivana Kottasova also contributed .	OSCE mission chief in Ukraine cites reduction in combat , signs of heavy weapons withdrawal Under a peace deal , both sides must draw back heavy weapons to create a buffer zone A dispute over natural gas supply has flared between Russia and Ukraine
A Saudi Arabian man who was arrested for bragging about his sex life on television has apologized for his comments while Saudi authorities discuss whether he should be charged with a crime , according to local media . Mazen Abdul Jawad appeared earlier this month on Lebanese channel LBC 's show "  Red Lines , " on which he discussed foreplay , sexual conquests and how he picks up women , all taboo subjects in deeply conservative Saudi Arabia . According to the Saudi daily newspaper Arab News , Abdul Jawad has initiated a damage-control campaign and on Sunday "  appeared in the pages of a local newspaper apparently wiping away tears from a handkerchief as he apologized and begged for forgiveness . " Abdul Jawad is a 32-year-old airline employee and divorced father of four . In Saudi Arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal and unrelated men and women are not allowed to mingle . According to Arab News , Abdul Jawad is not in jail and is considering filing a complaint against the show 's producers for presenting him "  in the worst possible manner by taking two hours of footage and condensing it down to a minutes-long segment . " Ashraf Al-Sarraj , the lawyer representing Abdul Jawad in his possible complaint against LBC , told Arab News , "  We will study the case and eventually present it to the Ministry of Information . " According to the paper , "  LBC refused to comment on the matter until it has more time to formulate a response . " The segment in question has , since its initial broadcast , been posted on YouTube and been viewed hundreds of thousands of times . It includes scenes of Abdul Jawad discussing his enjoyment of sex and how he lost his virginity at age 14 . Abdul Jawad is also shown in his bedroom , where he holds up sexual aids to the camera . It ends with him cruising the streets of Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , in his car and looking for women . CNN has been unable to reach Abdul Jawad , the Saudi Ministry of Justice or the Saudi Ministry of Information for comment .	Mazen Abdul Jawad apologizes for discussing sex life on TV , reports say Saudi authorities debating whether charges should be filed , reports say Jawad appeared earlier this month on a show on Lebanese channel In deeply conservative Saudi Arabia , pre-marital sex is illegal
New York  CNN  -- Rather than celebrating Father 's Day on Sunday afternoon , Horace Russell marched with several thousand people to take a stand against the New York Police Department 's controversial "  stop and frisk " policy . "  I feel it every single day , practically , " said Russell , who works as a teacher in the Bronx . "  I 've been pulled over and pushed against fences , frisked , but have never been arrested . " Russell 's story sounded familiar to many of Sunday 's marchers , who want to see action from Mayor Michael Bloomberg , and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly -- either by abolishing or reforming stop-and-frisk . Last year , nearly 685,000 people were stopped by officers in cases that ended with no meaningful charge , according to police department statistics . Of these , 87 % were African-American or Latino , the police department says . "  They profile me because I 'm a Rastafarian and I have dreadlocks , so therefore I get pulled over just for my looks , " said Russell . Sunday 's silent march started at 110th Street and headed down Fifth Avenue , ending at 78th Street after passing Bloomberg 's townhouse on 79th Street . "  I do n't know a single black or Latino male who does n't say he is basically afraid to be out on the streets , " said the Rev. Stephen Phelps , a senior minister at the Riverside Church near West Harlem . He was one of a diverse group of faith leaders , and representatives of some 300 organizations , brought together by the Rev. Al Sharpton 's National Action Network . On Sunday morning , speaking at a Christian Cultural Center , Mayor Bloomberg attempted to preempt the demonstration 's inevitable message : "  I understand why some people want us to stop making stops , " he said . "  Innocent people who are stopped can be treated disrespectfully . That is not acceptable ... Police Commissioner Kelly and I both believe we can do a better job in this area -- and he 's instituted a number of reforms to do that . "  We believe that when it comes to making stops -- to borrow a phrase from President Clinton -- the practice should be mended , not ended . " However , in official circles , there appears to be strong divergence in opinion . "  It 's racial profiling of people who are almost all innocent of any wrongdoing , " said New York City Comptroller John Liu , who was advocating abolition at the protest march . He said he would prefer "  strategies of focused deterrents that we have seen in Atlanta , Chicago and Boston that actually reduce crime . " Jumaane Williams , a New York city councilman from Brooklyn , said Bloomberg and Kelly "  have shown no leadership " on the stop-and-frisk issue . "  Inherent in any police officer 's ability to do their job is their ability to stop somebody they feel is reasonably suspicious . The current policy is not that -- it 's stopping people because they are black or brown . " Williams added , "  Whether you say end it or reform it , we have to end the way that policy currently exists . "	Marchers silently protested New York 's "  stop and frisk " policy The NYPD says last year nearly 685,000 were stopped in cases that did n't end in charges The police department says 87 % were African-American or Latino "  The practice should be mended , not ended , " says the mayor
CNN  -- A group of 150 Iraqi refugees arrived at a Paris airport Saturday aboard a French aircraft that had delivered aid to the war-ravaged nation . The refugees traveled on a French aircraft that had taken 10 tons of humanitarian aid to Iraq . They were welcomed by French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius . France has shipped about 87 tons of humanitarian aid since the start of the crisis in northern Iraq , according to the foreign ministry . It 's also part of a coalition conducting airstrikes against Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , the militant group that calls itself Islamic State . France used Rafale fighter jets Friday to attack a logistics warehouse used by the terror group in northeastern Iraq , with more operations planned in the next few days , President Francois Hollande said .	The refugees traveled on a French aircraft that delivered humanitarian aid to Iraq France is conducting airstrikes against Islamist militants in Iraq
CNN  -- Some commercial jets receive soaring fanfare when they hang up their wings . Remember all that fuss over the Concorde ? Now it 's the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 's turn . But what sort of retirement party awaits the airline industry 's final scheduled DC-10 passenger flight ? The final-flight honor goes to Bangladesh Biman Airlines , operator of the world 's last passenger DC-10 -- which the airline says will be making its final scheduled flight on December 7 , on an otherwise routine flight .  The airline has n't said which route the plane will fly . More : China opens futuristic airport terminal The aircraft will then remain grounded in standby mode while awaiting the arrival of its successor , a shiny new Boeing B777-300ER -- and eventual shipment to an undisclosed aviation museum in the United States . While passenger service comes to an end for the iconic , wide-body , three-engine workhorse of late-20th-century air travel , the DC-10 wo n't completely disappear from the skies . It 's still commonly used by cargo companies , such as FedEx and Purolator . More : Breathtaking photos of Hong Kong airport 's glory days Last chance for ` genuine aviation enthusiasts ' to fly DC-10 For DC-10 fans  we know you 're out there  mourning the end of an era , Biman has since announced one last chance to experience the DC-10 in action -- even if you 're not a box with an overnight label . In February 2014 , Biman Bangladesh Airlines plans to fly passengers from the Bangladesh capital of Dhaka to Birmingham , England , on its retired DC-10 , one last time . It 's "  a fitting end for an aircraft that has served Biman loyally and well over many years , " states the airline , which plans to start selling tickets for this special bonus voyage on its website by early January . More : Most creative ways to recycle a plane "  We want these tickets to go to genuine aviation enthusiasts , " says Biman CEO Kevin Steele on the company 's news page , adding that some short scenic flights out of Birmingham might also be added to the DC-10 farewell tour , depending on public demand . What 's the projected demand ? No word on that yet . DC-10 's checkered history McDonnell Douglas 's famous  and at times infamous  jetliner logged its maiden voyage for passengers on August 5 , 1971 , on an American Airlines round trip between Los Angeles and Chicago . At the time , the plane filled an industry need for an innovative aircraft smaller than a 747 with long-range capabilities that could serve airports with shorter runways . A staple of several major airlines over four decades -- McDonnell Douglas produced its 446th , and last , DC-10 in 1989 for Nigeria Airways -- the aircraft would be hampered by tragic accidents , including a horrific American Airlines Flight 191 crash at Chicago 's O'Hare International Airport in 1979 resulting from a separated engine ripping through a wing shortly after takeoff . The incident would lead to an FAA grounding of all DC-10s in the United States for more than a month and stoke widespread public fear about the DC-10 -- despite findings that a maintenance error was largely the cause . More : Skip the pasta ! And other unsavory truths about airplane food Though few major DC-10 incidents were actually due to mechanical issues alone , and the aircraft 's safety record would steadily improve as design flaws were fixed , public confidence in the aircraft was never fully restored . Wired magazine would call the DC-10 the fifth worst "  stupid engineering mistake " in history . Others called that label unfair . "  The DC-10 had its share of high-profile accidents , " noted a Los Angeles Times editorial in 2007 , when Northwest Airlines became the last major carrier to retire it from passenger service in the United States -- replacing it with an Airbus 330 . "  But so have the much-less-maligned Boeing 737 and 747 , the latter of which has a fatal-accident rate close to the DC-10 's . " Economics factor in retirement A more significant factor behind the DC-10 retirement wave relates to fuel efficiency and cost . Newer aircraft use less fuel , making DC-10s a more expensive airliner to operate . It also requires a three-man crew , including a second officer or flight engineer -- an overhead-boosting rarity these days . Even if today 's harried commercial passengers are n't exactly missing DC-10s  let alone knowing what makes one different than , say , an MD-11  , some of its past pilots have nice things to say about them . More : 20 most annoying things people do on planes "  The DC-10 is a reliable airplane , fun to fly , roomy and quiet . Kind of like flying an old Cadillac Fleetwood , " noted a spokesman for the Northwest chapter of the Air Line Pilots Association when the planes were shelved in the United States six years ago . "  We 're sad to see an old friend go . " Cut to 2013 . Who would have thought the last flying Cadillac Fleetwood would be making its swan song from Bangladesh ? And just how sad is Biman Bangladesh Airlines to see an old friend go ? "  We hope you will join with us in celebrating the farewell of a loyal , beautiful aircraft , " says Biman 's Steele . "  But also to recognize that the time has now come for Biman to equip itself with the very latest in new aircraft and technology . " More : Boeing through the ages . Planes that changed the way we travel	Biman Bangladesh Airlines will operate final DC-10 passenger service on December 7 DC-10 has had checkered past , including high-profile accidents The plane debuted in 1971 on a flight between Los Angeles and Chicago A special "  last chance " flight for enthusiasts is planned for February
CNN  -- Apple has released iOS 5.0.1 , an update to its mobile OS that fixes a series of issues that drained the iPhone 's battery . iOS 5.0.1 is the first update to Apple 's iOS 5 , which brought the notifications tray , increased performance and iCloud to the iPad , iPhone and iPod touch . In addition to fixing the iOS battery issue , 5.0.1 . adds multitouch gestures to the original iPad , fixes iCloud bugs and improves voice recognition for Australian iPhone users . This is the first OS update available both via iTunes and over-the-air . Not long after the release of the iPhone 4S , users began reporting that their phone 's batteries were draining faster than before . This issue affected not just iPhone 4S users though , but anybody using iOS 5 . Apple eventually figured out that there were bugs in iOS 5 that were causing the battery drain and enlisted developers to help them find the bug . On November 2 , Apple admitted that iOS 5 had battery performance issues and announced that the company would fix the problem with iOS 5.0.1 . Apple has released several betas of the updated OS in the last week . Our testing of the beta has shown that iOS 5.0.1 provides a noticeable improvement to the iPhone 's battery life . We 're still testing the updated OS though , and will let you know what else we find . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	iOS 5.0.1 was released to update and fix issues that drained the iPhone 's battery Users of Apple 's iPhone 4S and other iOS 5 operated phones reported shorter battery lives Apple admitted that iOS 5 had battery performance issues
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Four decades after he won over America with his scratchy , soulful voice and blues-inspired rock , British-born Joe Cocker is receiving an honor from the queen . Joe Cocker is being honored at Buckingham Palace for his services to music . Cocker , 63 , was set to receive an OBE , or Order of the British Empire , at a ceremony Thursday morning at Buckingham Palace . The award officially recognizes Cocker 's "  services to music . " Prince Charles was planning to present Cocker with the honor , part of the queen 's annual birthday honors list . Famous for songs including "  You Are So Beautiful " and his cover of the Beatles ' "  With a Little Help from My Friends , " Cocker began his career by singing Ray Charles songs in pubs around his hometown of Sheffield , northern England in the early 1960s . Cocker toured with a string of bands , often playing American airbases in Europe , winning fans among the servicemen . The press hailed his first U.S. television performance on the Ed Sullivan Show in 1969 , and the following summer , Cocker played to half a million people at the historic Woodstock rock festival in New York state . The ensuing live album "  Mad Dogs and Englishmen " remains a Cocker classic , with songs including "  Cry Me A River " and "  Feelin ' Alright . " Rolling Stone magazine says Cocker 's "  gritty , powerful voice remains one of the most distinctive in rock & roll . " A whirlwind U.S. tour after Woodstock left Cocker "  exhausted , " according to his own Web site , and reported drug and alcohol abuse came soon after . Cocker had a top 10 song in 1975 with "  You are So Beautiful , " but his fortunes really turned in 1982 with his No. 1 duet with Jennifer Warnes , "  Up Where We Belong , " the theme from the movie "  An Officer and a Gentleman . " Cocker 's most recent U.S. top 10 was "  When the Night Comes , " written by Bryan Adams . Cocker now lives on a ranch in Colorado but still tours extensively . He has been touring Europe since June and plans shows in Sheffield and London this weekend . E-mail to a friend	UK-born Joe Cocker receiving an Order of the British Empire The award officially recognizes Cocker 's "  services to music " Prince Charles scheduled to present Cocker with the honor
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A backlog in processing education benefits has forced the Department of Veterans Affairs to authorize millions of dollars in emergency funds for veterans who need the cash to pay for school . The Veterans Affairs department will give up to $ 3,000 to students who have n't received funds from education bills The department announced Friday that it will issue up to $ 3,000 to students who have yet to receive the funds that the VA 's various education bills -- including the recently passed Post-9 / 11 GI Bill -- provide to help veterans pay for college . "  This is an extraordinary action we 're taking , " VA Secretary Eric Shinseki said in a statement . "  But it 's necessary because we recognize the hardships some of our Veterans face . " The VA estimates there are 75,000 veterans eligible for the emergency funds , including 25,000 veterans who have served since September 11 . VA statistics show more than 27,500 vets have already received benefits for housing or books under the new Post-9 / 11 GI Bill , and hundreds of thousands more have gotten benefits under its other programs . The delay in processing the benefits has created much consternation among veterans , with some worried they would have to drop out of school because of a lack of funds . The lag was caused because some schools have not yet filed for the tuition and because of a backlog at the Veterans Affairs offices , according to a department official . Any money given to eligible veterans will be deducted from the education benefits they are scheduled to receive and can be used for housing and books . The VA has been speaking to schools to ensure that veterans do not get kicked out if their tuition has not yet been paid , said VA spokeswoman Katie Roberts . "  Veterans were having a lot of financial issues , and we needed to address them , " she said . To help with the influx of applications , the department has hired more than 700 extra processors . Veterans groups said the emergency funds were much needed . "  AMVETS is very happy with the swift action taken by the secretary . We suggested a similar solution earlier this month so we are happy to see they 're listening , " said Ryan Galluci , a spokesman for AMVETS , a veterans ' service organization .	Backlog in tuition payments forces VA to authorize millions in emergency funds VA estimates 75,000 veterans are eligible for the emergency funds Delayed payments makes vets fear they may have to drop out of school
Indianapolis  CNN  -- Let 's just come out and say what a lot of people are thinking this Super Bowl weekend : Indianapolis ? Really ? Hard-core fans who blow wads of cash every season to get their championship tickets punched want to know : Has the NFL reached a point when this iconic face-off between our national gladiators can be hosted by any team city ? Even a cold-weather , landlocked , midsize burg surrounded by corn and guided by a mysterious force called "  Hoosier Hospitality " ? Because , sorry sports fans , let 's be real : This ai n't New Orleans , Miami or Southern California -- or any of the sunshiny February playgrounds that have dominated location choices for 45 years . This is smack in the heart of "  flyover country , " where many fans of the New England Patriots and New York Giants have never before dared to venture . You can picture them trying to locate the home of the Indianapolis Colts on a map , saying , "  It 's in one of those ` I ' states , like Iowa , Idaho or Illinois . " There 's no need to mince words . Indy natives have heard it all before : "  Nap-town , " "  India-no-place . " "  Hoosiers , " as Indiana residents call themselves , are used to being underestimated , and they often take advantage of the benefits of low expectations .  Full disclosure : The author is an Indiana native , but , like many of his kind , he is unable to explain the origin of the word "  Hoosier . " After decades of strategizing , planning and selling the city to NFL team owners , Indy says it 's ready to host Super Bowl XLVI . "  It 's the pinnacle , " said former Mayor Bill Hudnut , who started the campaign rolling in the early '80s . Without a doubt , preparations have transformed the town 's look and feel . The community has poured hundreds of millions of taxpayer dollars and corporate coin to build new hotels , spruce up landscaping and resurface miles of streets . As a result , a sea of Patriots blue , Giants blue and Colts blue has been flowing through the downtown area -- now dubbed Super Bowl Village . More than 300,000 have walked through the neighborhood in the past week , officials said . Former Colts head coach Tony Dungy told CNN affiliate WRTV-TV that the city is putting "  its best foot forward . " The fans are "  going to be pleasantly surprised , " he said . There 's more to Indy than the Super Bowl Restaurants , hotels and the village all surround Lucas Oil Stadium -- creating a compact , walkable Super Bowl district that veterans say is unique to almost all previous venues except perhaps New Orleans . "  I think the setup here is fantastic , " NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told WRTV . Streets have been renamed Raiders Road , Chiefs Avenue -- one for each NFL squad . "  Mike Epps and Snoop Dogg are coming in tonight ! " a fan shouted to a friend wearing a Giants jersey . Buildings are draped with majestic , gigantic multistory banners , and the street signs are adorned with the ubiquitous face of Madonna , the Super Bowl halftime headliner Parlor games ? "  Oh no , here we go , " say local skeptics -- eyes rolling . "  This is the part where the media elite play that tired parlor game that comes up every time Indiana takes the national stage . " Does Indianapolis have to prove anything by hosting the game ? Is this about some kind of cornfed inferiority complex that Hoosiers have been trying to shake for decades ? "  We 're not about that , " said Dianna Boyce of Indianapolis ' Super Bowl host committee . "  We let our actions speak louder than our words . " It 's all a little shocking for those who remember what this neighborhood was like 30 years ago . There was n't much here . For workers at the old brick-walled Hurst 's HamBeens building on McCarty Street -- a stone 's throw from the stadium -- there were no bars or nightspots for hanging out after quittin ' time . "  You could count the number of restaurants on one hand , " Boyce said . "  You just did n't come downtown to have fun back then . " In the old days , Indianapolis meant the "  brickyard " -- the Indianapolis 500 , said Tom Griswold , longtime co-host of the Indy-based syndicated radio program "  The Bob & Tom Show . " "  But after the arrival of Peyton Manning , now they say ` the Indianapolis Colts . ' " The image of Manning 's face looms large on a building-size Papa John 's banner in Super Bowl Village . Fourteen years after Manning joined the Colts , Americans are indeed talking about the $ 90 million quarterback . Specifically , they 're talking about his neck . Manning 's recovery from neck surgery -- perhaps the most talked about neck in the history of sports -- threatens to overshadow Sunday 's game , which will feature Manning 's brother Eli as quarterback for the Giants . Most people know the injury forced Peyton Manning to sit out the Colts ' entire season , resulting in two wins and 14 losses -- a stinking record after 2010 's 10-6 season . Now the Colts face an epic decision about whether to pay Manning a $ 28 million bonus to stay on the team or to cut him loose as a free agent . Has Manning played his last game with the Colts ? Indianapolis had its own epic decision to make in the early '80s . At the time , the city had no NFL team . Yet Hudnut , then the mayor , greenlit construction of a $ 77 million-domed football stadium . Indy was putting out bait to lure the NFL . "  Stones of steel , " said a fan who recalled the story while walking through Super Bowl Village on Tuesday . "  It took guts . " Before the stadium was finished , the Colts had agreed to move from Baltimore to Indy , triggering a generation of hatred among the Maryland city 's fans over the "  theft " of their storied franchise . It was a major step toward using sports to crank up Indy 's status and economic standing . Soon the city was hosting NCAA basketball 's Final Four and the NBA All-Star Game . "  Gradually in the '80s and '90s people who knew the city regarded Indianapolis as quite a town -- even though people who did n't know Indy still thought of it as a brickyard and a cornfield , " Hudnut said . Fast-forward to Sunday when perhaps more than 112 million people will watch the NFL world championship "  taking place in little old Indianapolis , " said Griswold , the radio host . Mission accomplished . The hosting seems to be going well so far -- thanks in part to unusually warm temperatures in the low 50s at a time when it 's usually a few degrees above freezing . "  We 're loving it . I had to get out here in the village and see everybody ! " Boyce said . "  Outstanding " was how Colts wide receiver Reggie Wayne described the weather for WRTV . "  Everyone seems to be enjoying themselves , " Wayne said , a year after a freak cold snap put a damper on events surrounding the Dallas Super Bowl . "  I have n't heard one bad complaint . " In 1982 , Detroit opened the door to cold-weather Super Bowl hosting . New York is scheduled for 2014 . "  Our plan was to eventually get into the rotation for future Super Bowls , " Hudnut said . "  Let 's get through the first one , first , " the NFL 's Goodell told WRTV . "  I think the hospitality and the way they have done this will reflect very well on Indianapolis going forward . " Talk of the town The village -- a $ 12 million , three-block , "  family-friendly festival " with shops and restaurants -- has been built not just for Sunday , but for the future . "  After the fans have long gone , other people are going to be able to come in and use this space for decades , " Boyce said . Meantime , Boyce said she expects Indy to demonstrate the spirit of "  Hoosier Hospitality . " "  We 're a friendly folk , " she said . "  People say hi to you when you walk down the street . It 's all the time , not just when the Super Bowl is here . " What 's getting the most attention ? The zip line is the talk of the town . For $ 10 , you can climb the zip line 's 95-foot tower , attach yourself to a metal cable and fly 80 feet above the crowd to another tower 650 feet down the street . "  It 's the new version of the bungee jump , " one woman said . Fans reported the wait last Sunday for the zip line was seven hours . That 's almost as long as TV 's Super Bowl pregame show . Homeless complaints But not everyone in Indianapolis is awaiting the big game . Justin Baranowski , 33 , a homeless man from California , said , "  Starting at the end of last week the police started pushing us away from certain areas that we 're allowed to be in , " including the Super Bowl Village . Authorities insist officers are n't cracking down because of the game , but they said police are working with private organizations to help get the homeless into shelters . "  We 're not moving anyone against their will , " said Marc Lotter , spokesman for Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard . The city is sharing its Super Bowl gravy with needy segments of the community . A neighborhood without a grocery store now has a food cooperative thanks to private and NFL funds , Boyce said . Another area received a 20,000-square-foot community youth center , including a gym , classrooms and weekly programs such as cooking , fitness and finance . Hosting this game is "  a step of a higher level than we 've ever taken before , " Hudnut said . "  We had to prove that we could be major league . " So what 's next for Indy ? A Democratic or Republican national convention may not be out of the question , he said . And what about Sunday ? "  The best sign of success will be that the city does n't become the story , " Griswold said . "  The story needs to be about the game . I honestly think the best report would be people saying that ` the game was great and -- oh yeah by the way Indianapolis was really nice . I had a really good time . ' "	Indianapolis is hosting its first Super Bowl as the Giants take on the Patriots City officials set Super Bowl goal almost 30 years ago More than 300,000 are visiting downtown area dubbed Super Bowl Village Initial NFL hosting reviews are positive a year after cold snap marred Dallas Super Bowl
