CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden kicks off a two-day swing Wednesday through the eastern edge of the must-win battleground state of Ohio , an area that President Barack Obama is unlikely to visit this election year . And while the vice president apologized to the president last week for seemingly jumping the gun on the issue of same-sex marriage , this trip is an illustration of just how valuable Biden is for Obama as he bids for a second term in the White House . "  As much as political insiders joke about Joe Biden , he 's indispensable to the Obama ticket , " says Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . According to the Obama re-election campaign , the vice president will travel to Ohio 's Mahoning and Ohio valleys "  to highlight the impact of President Obama 's efforts to strengthen the region 's manufacturing and auto industries , as well as bolster middle-class security for Ohio 's workers . " The campaign says Biden will speak at an advanced manufacturing facility in Youngstown and at a Chevrolet dealership in Martins Ferry . The general manger of the dealership , Joe Staffilino II , says he 's "  really surprised " that the vice president is dropping by and that people in the area "  are real excited about the visit . " It 's not an area friendly to Obama , said Paul Beck , professor of political science at The Ohio State University . "  These are areas of traditional Democratic strength , steel working areas , areas with a lot of working class Democrats from the old days . President Obama has not played well there , " Beck explained . Obama was soundly defeated by then-Sen . Hillary Clinton in southeast and eastern Ohio in the Democratic presidential primary in March 2008 , and while he won the state by five points over Sen. John McCain in the general election that November , he did n't perform as well in the eastern edge of the state . "  Part of the problem is that these tend to be more conservative Democrats . For some of them his race may be an issue , probably not among the younger ones but among some of the older voters . These tend to be depressed areas , with a lot of job loss over the past couple of decades . There are deeply entrenched pockets of unemployment and economic distress , " Beck added . Biden grew up in Scranton , in neighboring Pennsylvania , an area that 's also witnessed tough times in the past few decades . "  These are places where I think Joe Biden has particular appeal , as a kind of traditional Democrat of the old school . He comes from a part of Pennsylvania that 's very much like the eastern part of Ohio . I think he can really connect with voters there in a way which President Obama can not , " Beck said . The president 's been to Ohio 21 times since taking office . But only two of those trips took him through the state 's eastern edge . But it 's not just Obama -- presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney was edged out by former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania in much of the region in the March GOP primary . Santorum gave his primary night speech in the Ohio River valley city of Steubenville . Beck predicted that Romney will likely not "  be able to connect with  eastern Ohio voters  well either " ahead of the November election . Which is why Biden may come in so handy in blue-collar areas in eastern Ohio , western and central Pennsylvania , and in parts of Michigan . "  His working-class honesty cuts through all the political bull in Washington . He grounds Obama in the real world . In blue-collar swing states like Ohio , Pennsylvania , and Michigan , Joe Biden is a tremendous asset to Obama who , at times , makes voters feel like he is president of the elite , for the elite , and by the elite , " added Castellanos , who was a top media adviser for Romney 's 2008 nomination bid , but who stayed neutral in this year 's battle for the GOP nomination . Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala agrees . "  Unlike Mitt Romney , Joe Biden can talk to middle-class people without an interpreter . Even though he 's traveled the globe and is one of the most powerful people in the world , he 's still Joe -- a middle-class guy from Scranton . "  Biden 's ability to connect with working families is one of the Obama campaign 's greatest assets . I bet they 'll be seeing a lot of him in the next six months , " said Begala , who was a top adviser in the Clinton White House and who now is a senior adviser to Priorities USA , the pro-Obama super PAC . But some Republicans disagree about Biden 's value to the Democratic ticket . "  It speaks to President Obama 's vulnerability that the campaign has to rely on Vice President Biden to campaign in key states like Ohio because Obama ca n't identify with voters . Between his infamous gaffes and his liberal positions on the free market and our nation 's debt , having Biden on the stump carries its own set of risks , " Republican National Committee press secretary Kirsten Kukowski told CNN . Biden 's been in the spotlight recently for his comments a week and a half ago on NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " that he was "  absolutely comfortable " with legal same-sex marriages , a position that the president had yet to take . Obama was forced to speed up his timetable on the issue and come out with his own comments approving the unions three days later . Some political pundits said that Biden was a liability to the president , while others pointed to the argument that running mates rarely matter in the race for the White House . "  Sure , people vote for the top of the ticket , but this election will likely turn on who can build an economy for the middle class , " Begala said . "  If that 's the question , Biden is a big part of the answer . " "  If I were Biden , I would keep Obama on my ticket , " Castellanos said . CNN 's Steve Brusk contributed to this report	Eastern Ohio was n't a friendly region for Obama in 2008 Beck : Biden can connect with voters there , he 's an old-school Democrat Hillary Clinton took eastern and southeast Ohio in the 2008 primary Biden hails from Scranton , Pennsylvania , which has also seen hard times
CNN  -- It took more than five years to build , but since its opening last year , the Guangzhou Opera House has become the jewel among the sprawling Chinese megacity 's bland urban landscape . Designed by British architect Zaha Hadid it looks more cosmic than communist , but Hadid has likened it to two rocks washed up from the Pearl River and deposited on its bank . From the smoothed corners of its asymmetrical exterior to the undulating 1,800-seat main theater , the concept of fluidity , like the flowing river nearby , goes from inside to out . "  I was very preoccupied at the time with things moving , " said Hadid . "  That led to the drawings , and the drawings kind of led to distortion and deformation , and then the next influence was really landscape . " The building has gained plaudits from around the world and won the best cultural building award at the 2011 RIBA International Awards . The judges complimented the building on its internal places and external forms as well as how the asymmetry of the auditorium did not detract from the near perfect acoustics . In a career spanning three decades , Hadid has built a reputation for designing seemingly unbuildable structures and the opera house 's construction explored new areas for both architect and builders . Essential for much of the design was keeping the building in harmony with the local topography and using natural materials to counter the subtropical climate . The exterior envelop of the buildings combine granite and glazing , with windows angled towards the ground to minimize heat from the sun . The granite cladding -- kept 50 centimeters away from the building -- is also in place to absorb heat and ensure that the interior of the building remains cool without excessive use of air-conditioning systems . Water from the Pearl River is also used directly in the building 's cooling systems . When the opera house opened reports suggested that Guangzhou 's humid climate and sub-standard construction led to problems with some of the granite slabs and glazing . The Guangzhou construction group that was contracted to build the opera house told the UK 's Daily Telegraph that cracks stemmed from "  normal shrinkage " and any problems since opening were only because of the unexpected complexity of the project and design . A spokesperson for Zaha Hadid Architects admitted that some "  superficial elements " needed adjustment post-opening , but they have since been addressed . Despite teething problems , the opera house has transformed a once moribund area of the city into the site of one of the world 's leading architectural icons .	Opera House was designed by Pritzker Prize winner , Zaha Hadid Took more than five years to build and opened in May 2010 Water from Pearl River is used in the cooling systems
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Sonny Bill Williams , the code-hopping rugby player who is perhaps the most talked-about athlete in Australasian sport , will make himself available to the New Zealand rugby league team in an attempt to win World Cups in two sports , says his manager . Williams ' manager , Khoder Nasser , told CNN of his client 's decision Tuesday , hours after New Zealand selectors named a squad without the 28-year-old star to contest the Rugby League World Cup , which will be held in England and Wales in October and November . Speculation about whether Williams would play in the World Cup has been a hot topic in rugby union and league since he helped propel his Sydney Roosters club to victory in Australia 's National Rugby League grand final Sunday , amid talk it would be his last game in the sport . Williams has been tipped to return to the 15-a-side game of rugby union in 2014 to play for New Zealand 's All Blacks , with whom he won the sport 's World Cup in 2011 . Williams was initially not named in the New Zealand rugby league World Cup squad , having told selectors he was unavailable , but Nasser told CNN that the lure of lifting a World Cup in another sport had prompted a change of heart . "  He 's in a position where he could win two World Cups in two different sports , " said Nasser . "  He does n't want to regret anything . He 's a softie .  It 's  a hard sport , but he 's a softie . " As for the timing of the decision , coming after the 24-man squad had been named ? "  We 're very spontaneous , " he said . Since controversially leaving the 13-man game of rugby league for rugby union in 2008 , walking out on his club mid-season , Williams has proved himself one of world sport 's most versatile athletes -- and one of the most talked about public figures in Australia and New Zealand . After a stint learning the game of rugby union in France , he returned to New Zealand with the stated ambition of making the All Blacks and winning the World Cup . He did so in 2011 , winning the Super Rugby international club championship with New Zealand-based franchise the Chiefs the following year . He then declared he wanted to return to the Australian rugby league competition where he had initially made his name . Williams has also expanded his repertoire to boxing , winning six heavily publicized bouts to become New Zealand 's reigning heavyweight champion . Now that he has achieved his goal of winning Australian club rugby league 's top prize -- for the second time , having been part of a victorious Bulldogs team in his debut season -- questions are being asked as to whether he will return to the All Blacks next year or remain in rugby league . Nasser would only say to expect to see him at the rugby league World Cup -- where he is expected to be one of the tournament 's main drawcards -- and that another professional boxing bout was planned for the off-season . The New Zealand Rugby League did not respond to a request for comment . New Zealand is the reigning rugby league world champion .	New Zealand 's Sonny Bill Williams is a star in rugby union and rugby league Speculation has been heated as to whether he will play for his country in the rugby league World Cup His manager says he will chase the dream of winning World Cups in both rugby codes He won the rugby union World Cup with New Zealand 's All Blacks in 2011
CNN  -- They 're not just constant characters on a television screen , these candidates who every four years seek the presidency . They 're not present only to give us something to talk about for months on end . "  What you feel like on certain days is a slow-moving target , " said George Herbert Walker Bush , reflecting on the unsuccessful campaign when he sought reelection to the White House . They grin and wave at crowds , asking for our votes while implying eternal sunniness . To reveal that they are vulnerable to hurt would seem to be an admission of weakness . "  I did n't like it , " Gerald Ford said , speaking of being defeated when he ran on his own for president . "  I was sad . But I never let my feelings be reflected publicly . ... Inwardly , inwardly . I never let it out . It 's not my nature . " The candidates know that only one person can win a presidential election , and that the loser , no matter how accomplished , will forever be associated with the fact of his defeat . Sometimes it is the incumbent ; sometimes it is a challenger . The feeling of emptiness is the same , although the men who have lived in the White House and have then been denied a second term understand especially well just what it is they will be leaving behind . News : Polling center -- down to the wire "  I think when I lost the reelection campaign for the presidency , " Jimmy Carter said , "  I think I did my best , and although Rosalynn was pretty -- well , bitter -- after the loss , I was not . I had to spend a long time assuaging her disappointment -- I 'm sure she would agree with this if she was here in the room right now -- and I said to her , ` Rosalynn , we have a good life ahead of us . ' " In my conversations over the decades with men who have served as president of the United States and who have had to leave office before they wanted to , we have spent significant time talking about the emotions that accompany the leave-taking . These are men who have reached a pinnacle the rest of us will never come close to achieving . Yet when they are turned away , their past accomplishments can not fully soothe the sting . On Tuesday night , two men of considerable talent , soaring ambition and lifetimes full of triumphs will find out which one of them has been selected for a job they each covet , and which one has been rejected . Either Barack Obama or Mitt Romney is certain to be wounded to his core , even while the other man is celebrating to wild cheers . News : If Obama wins a second term ... Very few people have known what it is like , on that highest of levels , to be seen as having failed . "  If I had feelings , " Richard Nixon said , "  I probably would n't have even survived . " His own final leave-taking , of course , was different from an election-night defeat . He had lost the presidency on a November night in 1960 , then won it on November nights in 1968 and 1972 . He might well have assumed that the defeats of his life were all past tense . And then came the resignation at the height of the Watergate crisis in August of 1974 . He was defiant -- proudly so -- in not wanting to be seen as actively seeking sympathy . "  I never wanted to be buddy-buddy , " he said . "  Not only with the press . Even with close friends . I do n't believe in letting your hair down , confessing this and that and the other thing -- saying , ` Gee , I could n't sleep , because I was worrying about this or that . ' I believe you should keep your troubles to yourself . News : If Romney wins ... "  That 's just the way I am . Some people are different . Some people think it 's good therapy to sit with a close friend and , you know , just spill your guts ... so perhaps the younger generation should go in every time they are asked how they feel about this or that , and they should reveal their inner psyche -- whether they were breast-fed , or bottle-fed . "  Not me . No way . " The first President Bush , in talking about the pain of losing to Bill Clinton in 1992 , also bristled at the memory of being expected to reveal to the public his private feelings : "  I did n't feel comfortable with all this ` Larry King Live ' and MTV , " he said . He imitated the voice of a hard-bitten political adviser : " ` Everybody else has been on MTV , you got ta show 'em you can communicate with the youth . ' I kept being told ... " He let his voice trail off . Carter , recalling his 1980 loss to Ronald Reagan , told me : "  So , yeah -- I think there is a lot of misapprehension about who a person is , even when he 's being looked at all the time . ... A lot of the reporters who almost sort of condemned everything I 'd done and said , and they were insinuating that I did n't have any intelligence , I did n't have any judgment , I did n't have any moral convictions ... I mean , it was n't unanimous , but it was there . And even the reporters who were most negative about me , in my post-presidential years they have said , ` Wow , this guy has finally listened to what I said about him as president , and he 's changed his ways now , he 's got a little bit of sense , a little bit of judgment . ... ' " Opinion : Stand up for centrist candidates Carter laughed , with more than a hint of harshness . "  I do n't think I 've changed , " he said . On Tuesday night , the man who loses will have to assure his supporters that he and his family will be just fine . Betty Ford told me that her husband , after his defeat , did his level best to give that impression . "  He really did try to be very stoic in his face , " she said . "  He told us that there always has to be a winner and there always has to be a loser , and that you should n't be in politics if you are n't aware of that . We did n't talk a lot about it , because there was no sense in dwelling on it . We both felt pretty terrible . But we could n't change it . " The real anguish Tuesday night will take place behind closed doors . Few will bear witness . In the 1972 election , George McGovern , who died last month at the age of 90 , was wiped out by Richard Nixon . McGovern 's press secretary , a novelist and former Los Angeles Times reporter named Dick Dougherty , later recalled what it was like to be in McGovern 's hotel room that evening as McGovern was , line by line , editing his concession speech : "  His eyes welled over and a tear fell that was so large it splashed when it struck the top of his hand . A terrible sound came from him that was like a giggle except that it was as much a sob as a giggle . He got up . He said : ' I do n't know why I do that when I 'm sad -- why I laugh . ' He moved quickly toward the bathroom . -LSB- McGovern 's wife -RSB- Eleanor , beginning to cry again , said : ` George always does that . He always laughs when he feels most badly . ... ' " They are not just names and moving images on millions upon millions of smart phone screens , these people who ask us to make them our president . And one of them , on one November night every four years , finds out what it is like to be told : Sorry . We 've decided to go with someone else . Opinion : Crowley -- It 's the losing campaigns I remember most The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Candidates who lose a presidential race have deep , if unexpressed , feelings He says many challengers lose , but losing incumbents he 's talked to also had complex emotions Ford said it was n't his nature to outwardly lament defeat ; Nixon defiant , not seeking sympathy Greene : Someone wins , someone loses ; it 's painful to be told by voters : you 're not the one
CNN  -- In a matter of days , my phone will start talking back . Given that I already have what you might call a "  co-dependent " relationship with my gadgets , this development is perhaps the next natural step . Yet I know that phones are phones , and people are people , and the two must never be confused . The iPhone 4S , which will make my old iPhone 4 obsolete when it launches this Friday , features the ability to hold voice conversations with its owner . The feature , named Siri Personal Assistant , means that your iPhone will respond to your voice commands -- ask it to find a nice restaurant , check your schedule or send a text message for you . You 'll receive a courteous reply . What 's more , your new iPhone not only speaks but also has a gender : Siri has a female voice . Ask Siri , "  Do I need a raincoat today ? " and she 'll look up the weather for you , replying helpfully , "  It sure looks like rain today . " She 's so generous , in fact , that she 'll help you out before you even ask . Passively say , "  I 'm in the mood for sushi , " and Siri comes to your aid : "  I 've found a number of sushi restaurants , " she 'll proclaim , adding in her characteristically specific fashion : "  22 of them are fairly close to you . " She 's pretty much an expert on food , to be honest . Italian restaurants ? Indian cuisine ? Offer her dinner in any city , and she 'll know the best places to go . She knows all your friends , of course , and remembers all their phone numbers . She knows all your favorite songs and offers to wake you up in the morning . She 's adorably helpful like that . She has an amazing memory , too . Tell her about any upcoming event , and she 'll remind you nearer to the time it 's scheduled . That kind of dependability is hard to find these days . Not to mention , she 's quite the philosopher . Her thoughts on the eternal question , "  What is the meaning of life ? " show her softer side : "  Try and be nice to people . Avoid eating fat . " She 's keenly intelligent , too , adding as an afterthought , "  Read a good book every now and then . " Did I mention she 's great at directions ? Go anywhere in the United States and ask her how to get home : She 'll know .  Swoon ! And that 's what 's great about this new era of voice-enabled technology : We can converse with our phones , newly equipped with intonation and intuition , without ever forming a dependence on them . We can accept that their creators have imbued them with a dose of personality without ever thinking that they 're actually people . We can converse more with our devices than we do with our spouses and yet never let our digital dialogues impinge on our human ones . This is a very bright future , and I 'm sure these new advances will have no negative consequences at all . Siri assured me of it -- and she 's right about everything .	The iPhone 4s features the ability to hold voice conversations with its owner The feature , called Siri Personal Assistant , lets new iPhone respond to voice commands Tell her about any upcoming event and she 'll remind you nearer the time Mashable 's Pete Cashmore says this feature could be revolutionary
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton tried to defuse tensions between China and Japan , a strategic U.S. partner , on Saturday , asking the two rival nations to return to negotiations over a group of Pacific islands under dispute . During a press conference at the ASEAN  Association of Southeast Asian Nations  summit in Hanoi , Vietnam , Clinton said the United States is willing to serve as mediator in the disagreement , which began to simmer last month when Japan detained a Chinese vessel that collided with Japanese boats in the disputed waters . "  We 've recommended to both -LSB- Japan and China -RSB- that the United States is more than willing to host a trilateral where we would bring China and Japan and their foreign ministers together to discuss a range of issues , " Clinton said Saturday . "  It is in all of our interest for China and Japan to have stable , peaceful relations , " she said , A senior U.S. official told CNN that Clinton had raised the issue of three-way talks with Chinese State Counselor Dai Bingguo on Hainan Island and Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi in Hanoi on the sidelines of the ASEAN summit . She also raised it with Japanese Foreign Minister Seiji Maehara in Hawaii earlier in the week , the official said . China and Japan have historically laid claim to the islands , which lie between the two nations . Called Senkaku by the Japanese and Diaoyutai Islands by China , the uninhabited islands have become the center of an escalating diplomatic spat . On Friday , China 's foreign ministry spokesman showed some irritation over Clinton 's claim that the Senkaku Islands fall within the scope of a U.S.-Japan security treaty . "  With respect to the Senkaku Islands , the United States has never taken a position on sovereignty , but we have made it very clear that the islands are part of our mutual treaty obligations , and the obligation to defend Japan , " Clinton said Saturday . "  We have certainly encouraged both Japan and China to seek peaceful resolution of any disagreements that they have in this area or others . " Ma Zhaoxu , the foreign ministry spokesman , said China "  will never accept any word or deed that includes the Diaoyu Islands of the U.S.-Japan Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security . " The crew of the Chinese vessel was released following the incident last month . But the Chinese captain remains in custody , accused of ramming two Japanese boats with his vessel . On Friday , Japan said it will release the captain , but did not offer a time frame . The economic repercussions have been immediate . The Chinese government cut off high-level talks with Japan on coal and increased commercial flights between the countries . The dispute also threatens planned talks on a 2008 agreement to jointly develop gas fields located near the disputed islands and in other parts of the East China Sea . The China-Japan dispute parallels U.S. efforts to curb Chinese claims for territory in the South China Sea , out of fear the increasingly powerful Chinese military could seek to dominate Asian waters . At a regional security forum in Vietnam in July , Clinton waded into thorny territorial disputes in the area , saying Washington was concerned competing claims to the territory undermined international maritime law and commerce . While China has sought to negotiate territorial rights to the South China Sea individually with countries in the region , the ASEAN nations have called for a collaborative resolution . China maintains the disputes should not be "  internationalized . " In addition to rich areas for fishing , the islands in the South China Sea are believed to have large oil and gas reserves and surround busy sea lanes shuttling resources for China 's fast-growing economy . Beijing has warned America that foreign interference in the waters off its southeastern coast constitute an affront on its sovereignty . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to to this report .	Clinton : Peaceful relations are "  in all of our interest " Uninhabited islands have stirred up tension between China and Japan Clinton says islands "  are part of our mutual treaty obligations "
Rolling Stone  -- While his next official album ripens in the blazing South Florida sunshine , Rick Ross has delivered a delicious appetite-whetter . "  Rich Forever " is a mixtape that plays like an album , with blaring , heraldic production by the likes of - Boi-1da and up-and-comer Beat Billionaire , plus guest appearances by Drake , Nas and Diddy . Themewise , "  Rich Forever " is business as usual -- which is to say , all business . Ross remains monomaniacally focused on monetary matters , spinning punch line after punch line about luxury cars , dripping jewels and high-grade cocaine . Finest zinger : "  I got them keys in the crib/You would n't find 'em if you had the keys to the crib . " Best line about multitasking : "  Fornicating/Counting money with a f *** face . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Rich Forever " is a mixtape that plays like an album Themewise , "  Rich Forever " is business as usual -- which is to say , all business Rick Ross remains monomaniacally focused on monetary matters
CNN  -- A teenager has been charged with murder in stabbings at a Houston-area high school that left one student dead and three others injured , the Harris County Sheriff 's Office announced Wednesday evening . Luis Alonzo Alfaro , 17 , faces one count of murder in the Wednesday morning confrontation at Spring High School , about 20 miles north of downtown Houston , the sheriff 's office said . A 17-year-old student was killed and three other students were injured . The three injured students have been released from hospitals , the sheriff 's office said . Harris County Sheriff Adrian Garcia said earlier that "  there has been some information that this may have been gang-related , " but he stressed that no conclusions had been reached because the investigation was in the early stages . Information on what led to the stabbings was limited . Garcia said an encounter between students turned into a physical confrontation involving "  cutting instruments of some sort . " The statement issued Wednesday evening read in part : "  The stabbing occurred during a physical altercation between several students in the hallways . During the altercation , the suspect produced a knife and fatally stabbed the victim to death and injured 3 other victims . " It was unclear Wednesday night whether Alfaro had an attorney . After the stabbings , students were kept in classrooms for safety and to allow authorities to interview witnesses , said the superintendent of Spring Independent School District , Ralph Draper . The school intended to dismiss students for the day at noon , he said . In April : Stabbing at Texas college Sheila Dauth , mother of a Spring High School freshman , said she learned of the stabbings around 7:15 a.m. , when her son texted her . They continued to communicate in the hours after , while he and other students were kept in their first-hour classes , she said . "  He said he 's OK . He said it was pretty scary at first when they were rushing everyone into the classrooms , " Dauth said . The students have drilled for such situations , "  but I do n't think he expected to be in a lockdown " like this , she said . Dauth said she was disappointed that she learned about the incident through her son and the local media hours before the school district contacted her . The district gave automated phone and e-mail messages to parents about three hours after the stabbings , she said . Draper , while not specifying the time it took to notify parents , told reporters that the district needed to do two things before communicating with families . First was to ensure the rest of the students were safe , and second was to coordinate with authorities so that the investigation would n't be compromised . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	NEW : 17-year-old boy charged with murder in stabbings that left one teen dead NEW : Three injured students were treated at hospitals and released , sheriff 's office says The stabbings happened at Spring High School near Houston , police say
CNN  -- A member of the Secret Service was arrested in Miami early Friday after a run-in with a patrolman , city police said . The incident occurred after President Obama campaigned in the city Thursday . Police spotted Aaron Francis Engler lying down on a street corner , according to a police report , and an officer roused him to help him sit up and stand . He had difficulty standing , the officer said , and had bloodshot eyes , "  slurred speech , and a strong odor of alcohol " on his breath . Engler argued and threw his arms around as the officer patted him down , the report said . And when the officer tried to handcuff him , he hit the officer 's face , tensed his arm and pulled away . He then turned on his back and hit the officer 's chin . The officer called for backup , and two other officers arrived and helped handcuff Engler , authorities said . The arrest occurred at 7 a.m. Engler is accused of disorderly intoxication and resisting arrest without violence . Miami police said he was released to members of the Secret Service Miami field office . The Secret Service says its Office of Professional Responsibility is conducting an internal review of the incident . Obama had delivered remarks at the University of Miami and the JW Marriott Marquis Miami . Investigation : Secret Service scandal did not compromise security	President Obama had been campaigning in Miami on Thursday The arrested man is accused of disorderly intoxication , resisting arrest without violence He was released to Secret Service members
CNN  -- Scout Willis definitely walks the walk . The 22-year-old daughter of Demi Moore and Bruce Willis took a topless stroll down the streets of New York and documented it on social media to protest what she says is discrimination on the photo sharing site Instagram . Wearing just a skirt , shoes , her purse and a determined look , Willis walked around the streets of Manhattan and even did a bit of shopping for some flowers . She tweeted the pics as well as "  Legal in NYC but not on Instagram , " and "  What @Instagram wo n't let you see #FreeTheNipple . " The New York Daily News reported that Willis launched her skin campaign after Instagram removed one of her photos it said violated its community guidelines . The picture reportedly included a sweatshirt that depicted two topless women with the nipples visible . The actress said Instagram removed her account , but she complained that other explicit photos -- including one with a woman hiding her nipples using a pair of handguns -- were allowed . "  Made a new Instagram , gon na post lots of beautiful photos of naked women I think . Tasteful , non aggressive , whomever wants to see can , if not , " Willis tweeted before her topless walk . She also explained on Twitter the message she was hoping to spread . "  This is about helping women feel empowered to make personal choices about their bodies not dictated by what society says is decent , " she tweeted . In New York City it is legal for a law-abiding woman to be topless in public .	Willis is protesting an Instagram policy She walks down the streets of New York topless Willis says it was about "  helping women feel empowered "
CNN  -- His name has been passed down for eight generations . It 's steeped in tradition and family pride . Oh -- but he 's not the royal baby . He 's William John Kane VIII , a database specialist from Portland , Oregon . Kane is used to laughs and incredulous looks when he mentions his name . But the random guy at a bar who sang his name to the tune of "  I 'm Henery the Eighth , I Am " stands out among the bad jokes . "  It was funny for the first half-hour , and then the more he drank the louder he got , " said Kane , 38 . Despite the hecklers , Kane says he is proud of his name and the tradition it bears . "  I feel a modicum of responsibility , the pressure of carrying on this torch that has been passed to me , and passing it onto another generation , " he said . Tradition also played a large role in how Prince William and Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , named their son , Prince George Alexander Louis . The royal baby shares a name with some impressive ancestors -- there have been six King Georges , the most recent the current queen 's father . The British royal family tends to pick traditional names , usually referencing monarchs of the past . It 's expected of royalty , but what 's the point of passing down a name when you 're an average Joe ? George or Alexander ? Parents are often tempted to name their child after a family member or a childhood friend because of the positive connotations they have with a name , says UCLA psychology professor Albert Mehrabian . But Mehrabian , who has studied how people perceive names , argues it 's too personal of an approach . He tells parents to consider how an average person would respond to a name . He has crafted a system for rating a name 's attractiveness based on whether people perceive someone with that name to be caring , loyal , humorous , adventurous , successful or to have other traits . It 's all based on what impression a name makes before you meet a person , he says . Take George , for example . It 's an "  established name , " Mehrabian said , but "  there are names with a lot more positive connotations . " The name scores 36 on scale of one to 100 . Alexander , on the other hand , gets a 92 . "  Maybe at some point he 'll be called Alexander , " Mehrabian surmised of the young prince . Prince George and other royalty are typically bestowed with a long string of names . Take his uncle , Prince Harry , whose real name is Prince Henry Charles Albert David . He does n't go by his given name . Related : See the royal family tree Cases like these are exactly why Mehrabian reminds parents of the practical purpose of a name : It identifies a person . "  It kind of defeats the most fundamental function of naming when you name the child after the father , grandfather and great-grandfather , " he said . When names cause confusion William John Kane VIII goes by two names . He 's Will at work and John to family and friends . He switches seamlessly between "  personas , " but admits it can cause confusion for others . Kane 's double name almost cost him a diploma . "  Because I had William on the books and I went by John , half of my high school credits were in each name . I almost could n't graduate because there were two records . " While that was a one-time mistake , Kane is frequently confused with his father , William John VII . It 's caused some issues over the years , like getting partly blended credit reports and receiving an AARP card when he was 31 . But there are some perks , he says , like the time he used his father 's boarding pass so he could take his place at a wedding . Bonus : No ticket cancellation fees ! Despite the modern-day inconveniences of sharing a name , the father-son duo say that seeing the name repeated in the family tree helps them stay connected with the past . "  Every once in a while you might think about where you came from and we want to have a place to grab a glance at your past , " said Kane 's dad , who goes by Bill . "  I feel that I need keep the name unblemished in honor of those who have carried it before me , " he said . The younger Kane is proud of his name and says he would like to continue the tradition . Open House : Share photos of your child 's nursery "  In an era of parents naming their children Magnus , Lion , Breeze , Marlowe , Clover , Blue and North , I have to say that should I have a son of my own , I will undoubtedly campaign my future wife to bestow on him the mantle of William John the 9th . " Were you named after someone in your family ? Share your story with CNN iReport .	Passing on a name from generation to generation is a popular royal family tradition The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have named their son George Alexander Louis Prince George is the seventh in his family to bear the name Some experts say to expect more baby Georges in the U.S. next year
CNN  -- With Americans Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller back in the United States , the big question now is why did North Korean leader Kim Jong Un agree to their release ? Is it a sign Pyongyang wants better relations with Washington ? Is it sending a message to its closest ally , China ? Or is it a bid to shift the focus off its human rights record amid talk Kim could be charged with crimes against humanity ? "  I think right now there is a charm offensive , " Gordon Chang , the author of "  Nuclear Showdown : North Korea Takes On the World , " told CNN . Something in Pyongyang , Chang believes , sparked the offensive . But just what stemmed the change is highly debated . This much is clear : North Korea 's release of Bae and Miller on Saturday came amid a rare , last-minute trip by a top American official -- Director of National Intelligence James Clapper , to Pyongyang , a senior State Department official told CNN on condition of anonymity . Clapper , who was tapped by President Barack Obama as an envoy , made the trip after North Korea urged the United States to send a Cabinet-level official , the official said . Clapper is not a member of Obama 's cabinet . He is the government 's spy chief . The official said there were no discussions about North Korea 's nuclear program , and other U.S. officials told CNN there was no "  quid pro quo " for the men 's release . "  I do believe it 's a positive sign , " Bill Richardson , a former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations who tried to win Bae 's release during a 2013 visit to North Korea , told CNN . With North Korea "  catching a lot of grief " on its human rights record in the United Nations , Richardson said it appears Pyongyang is sending a message that "  we 're ready to talk . " The secretive nation has been slapped with crippling U.N. sanctions . It has previously used negotiations surrounding its burgeoning nuclear program to get needed aid , such as food . ` There may be a number of reasons ' But Joel Wit , a former State Department official who negotiated with North Korea , believes the release of Bae and Miller had very little to do with "  a desperate cry for help . " "  There may be a number of reasons why North Korea may have released the two Americans now , " he said . It could be as simple as North Korea made its point . "  These people were put in jail for a certain amount of time , and now they can be released , " he said . Or it could be that Kim is "  communicating to China ... that Pyongyang is trying to be reasonable , and the United States is not . " Wit said it also could have something to do with North Korea 's effort to tamp down the possible fallout from a scathing U.N. Commission of Inquiry report cataloging North Korea 's abuses that the investigators said amounted to crimes against humanity . "  I think there is no doubt in the minds of anyone who follows North Korea closely that Kim Jong Un is in charge . There 's no doubt about that , " Wit said . Kim , who took over as the absolute leader following the 2011 death of his father Kim Jong Il , personally ordered Bae and Miller released . Early hopes that the younger Kim would be open to warming relations with the West were quickly dashed after he took a series of provocative steps , including threatening a preemptive nuclear strikes . He has since come to be viewed as more unpredictable , more dangerous and harder to read than this father . Christopher Hill , who served as the head of the U.S. delegation in failed talks aimed at curbing North Korea 's nuclear ambitions , also doubted the release of the two men was a good-faith gesture . "  He has not shown any sign of living up to what his father agreed to , which is to do away with his nuclear program , " he told CNN . Asked whether there was any substance behind the so-called "  charm offensive , " Hill said , "  It 's really kind of early to tell . " Human rights allegations The release of Bae and Miller comes a month after North Korean officials appeared to go on the offensive , taking questions at the United Nations , arranging human rights talks with the European Union and taking a high-level trip to South Korea . It was an abrupt about-face for North Korea , which only a year earlier had conducted an underground nuclear test and threatened attacks against South Korea and the United States . In return , the United Nations slapped additional sanctions against North Korea , further isolating the secretive nation . The sanctions have cut off North Korea 's ability to trade with most of the world . The so-called charm offensive appears to have coincided with the release of a U.N. commission report that accused North Korean leaders of a pattern of human rights abuses that "  does not have any parallel in the contemporary world . " The commission said it would refer its findings to the International Criminal Court , also known as the ICC , for possible prosecution . It also sent a letter to Kim warning he could face prosecutions for crimes against humanity , and warned of other options , including the possibility of being tried before an ad hoc tribunal by the United Nations . In order to charge Kim or other North Korean leaders , the move would have to be approved by the U.N. Security Council . If the matter escalates to that level , China -- a permanent member of the council -- has indicated it likely will veto it . China and North Korea have been close allies , since China backed the North in the Korean War in the 1950s . The United States supported the South in the conflict , fighting side by side with its troops . The two Koreas are still officially in a state of war , though an armistice signed in 1953 ended the bloodshed . CNN 's Madison Park contributed to this report .	North Korea 's " charm offensive " coincides with release of U.N. report North Korea has released Kenneth Bae and Matthew T. Miller There are questions about why Pyongyang freed the Americans North Korea analysts and experts are divided over why it took the step
CNN  -- Mention Showtime 's "  Homeland " to just about anyone and two things will happen . One , they 'll tell you they watch it religiously and two , they wo n't stop talking about it to you in painstaking detail . To say the show has a cult following is an understatement . The series has over 2 million viewers weekly , won four Emmy awards this year and received seven Golden Globe Nominations just days ago , including Best Drama , Best Actress in a Drama Series , Best Actor in a Drama Series and Best Supporting Actor in a Series , Mini-series , or Television Film . The creator of "  Homeland " and former co-executive producer of "  24 , " is Alex Gansa . Before the Season 2 finale airs on Sunday , December 16 , CNN caught up with Gansa to talk about the writing process , the "  SNL " spoof and the long wait for Season 3 . CNN : You wrote the season finale with Meredith Stiehm -- what is it like in the writers ' room ? Alex Gansa : We sit around in a room and there is some fun in concocting some stories because we only have to do 12 episodes . The load is less than , for example , "  24 " so you have an opportunity to really focus and to try and really make them better because you are only doing half as much . CNN : How long does it take to write one episode ? Gansa : The episodes take different amounts of time . Some are a real bear and they are difficult to break in the story room and they are difficult to idealize on the page and they go through many incarnations . While other episodes just come more easily , where the story lays out in a more cohesive way sooner and they do n't take that long . We obviously have time constraints . These things have to get done and they have to get in front of the camera , but in general a story will take about two weeks to break in the story room . And it will take roughly three weeks to write a first draft and then will take about a month after that to really hone into a script that we can put in front of the camera . CNN : It looks like someone dies in the season finale -- what can you tell us about it ? Gansa : Rather than corroborate or dismiss any rumors out there , I just encourage people to watch the last installment of the season this year . People have been spoiling episodes and sometimes they are correct but most often they are not . CNN : Did you see the "  Homeland " sketch on "  SNL ? " Gansa :  laughs  I did ! Everybody here just thought it was hysterical . First of all , to be on "  SNL " means that we are in the national conversation and so it 's an honor . People are watching the show and talking about it and talking about Claire  Danes  and Damian  Lewis  and Mandy 's  Patinkin  performance and therefore it 's easily parodied . But that is just a compliment to what they are doing and I thought they were brilliant . I thought the people that portrayed them were just hysterical and I know that Anne Hathaway and Claire are friends so it was fun . It was well done . CNN : Why do you think people are so addicted to "  Homeland ? " Gansa : That is a very difficult question to answer and it 's a question that we are asked all the time . I do n't think you can narrow it down to one thing except to say that the show is greater than the sum of its parts . It 's one of those amazing instances where everything seems to come together -- the writing and acting and the directing all complement each other and make each other better . But if I did have to narrow it down to one detail or one element , I would say that it is the chemistry between Claire Danes and Damian Lewis on camera . There is something compelling about watching these two damaged people fall in love with each other . CNN : Who would be your dream guest star ? Gansa : We kind of already have that dream person . We all loved F. Murray Abraham here and he seems like a perfect character for this clandestine world and a really good antagonist for Mandy 's character Saul . So , we already have our dream person in the cast . CNN : Have you gotten any negative feedback or heard from people that did n't like the show ? Gansa : You know , we existed in this anonymous little bubble last year for the majority of the season and the show gained an audience and critical acclaim as we went forward . We were just all so shocked and surprised that we won the Emmy so I think there was a bit of a target on our back this year . People were worried whether we were going to live up to the first season . There are some people who do n't think the second season is as good as the first . I , frankly , do n't agree with them . I 'm in the middle of it right now and it 's hard to be objective so when this season is over we are going to take a long look at what we did and decide for ourselves . CNN : What can we expect in Season 3 ? And since people will be going through withdrawals after the finale , when is season three going to air ? Gansa : Everyone is going to have to watch the season finale before I start talking the particulars of Season 3 in terms of the narratives and the story , but we will begin filming Season 3 sometime in the third week of May and the show will air in the last week of September 2013 . Everyone is going to have to just take a chill pill during our time away .	"  Homeland " creator talks about the writing process He said sometimes spoiler rumors are correct , but more often not New season will return in September 2013
CNN  -- Three human heads and three decapitated bodies with notes aimed at high government officials were found Thursday in different parts of Guatemala 's capital , national police said . The notes were addressed to Interior Minister Carlos Menocal and Eddy Morales , the nation 's director of prisons . One of the notes said the officials must impose order in the nation 's prisons or these atrocities would continue , police said . The other said that impunity against lawlessness must end , according to police . The heads were inside plastic bags , one of them in front of the main doors to the national Congress in Guatemala City , police said . "  That 's obviously a first for Guatemala , " said Samuel Logan , an expert on Latin American gangs and founding editor of the Southern Pulse intelligence report . "  That 's something we 've seen the Zetas  drug cartel  do in Mexico . " Donald Gonzalez , a spokesman for the national police , attributed the slayings to the Zetas or another narcotrafficking group , the Prensa Libre newspaper reported . Gonzalez did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment . Logan did not discount the possibility that anti-crime vigilantes could have been responsible . "  It could also be death squads , " he said . "  Off-duty police officers or other types hired by local businessmen who say , ` Go after the street gangs . ' "  There 's a lot of moving parts to this story , " said Logan , who recently wrote a book on the Mara Salvatrucha gang of Central America and is working on a book about the Zetas , which has emerged as Mexico 's most ruthless drug cartel . Logan said in an interview last year that there are two main criminal elements in Guatemala : drug cartels that deal in large-scale exportation and street gangs that sell drugs at the retail level and are involved in other crimes , such as robbery and extortion . In some cases , they work together . When those criminals get arrested , they continue their activities inside prison , said Fernando Carrera Castro , director of the Central American Institute for Fiscal Studies in Guatemala City . "  The prisons , in general , are centers of corruption , " Carrera said last year . "  From inside prison , they direct kidnappings , extortion , drug trafficking . " Prison officials are often targeted for violence . In September , three coordinated attacks killed four prison officials in a five-hour span . Left dead were a prison assistant director , a warden and two guards . One guard and a shooting suspect were wounded , as were three citizens . One of the wounded was a woman in the eighth month of pregnancy , news accounts said . At least three prison guards have been killed and five wounded in five attacks this year , published reports say . Logan said that all of Central America is under attack from organized crime cartels , because the region is pinched between Colombia and Mexico , the two biggest sources of drugs in the area . U.S. interdiction efforts that have targeted the flow of drugs through the Caribbean Sea also have forced cartels to travel through the Central American isthmus , Logan said . Within Central America , he said , Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador have the worst problems . Among those three nations , Guatemala stands out . "  When you talk about a country being hollowed out by organized crime , Guatemala is at the top of the list , " Logan said . There are two main reasons , he said : geography and an incompetent and corrupt government . "  Guatemala bunches right up against Mexico , " Logan said . "  Any spillover effect is almost certainly going south . " Said Heather Berkman , a Central America analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm , "  The narcos are coming down from Mexico . " In addition , Logan said , the federal government is not able to control large segments of the country . For example , Peten state in northern Guatemala , bordered on two sides by Mexico , is lawless , he said . Berkman made the same point in an interview last year . "  The narcos control about 40 percent of the territory down there , which is pretty amazing , " she said . Berkman also pointed out that the Guatemalan government reduced anti-crime spending in the 2010 budget because of the nation 's dire economic situation . "  If you do n't have resources , you ca n't pay for troops and supplies and intelligence , " she said . Journalist Alexia Rios Hayashi contributed to this report .	NEW : Beheadings are "  a first for Guatemala , " analyst says Notes to top officials found with bodies Notes said atrocities would continue unless order brought to prisons Severed head found in front of national Congress
Lampedusa , Italy  CNN  -- Shortly after dawn , an open blue wooden fishing boat from Libya limped its way into the port of this tiny island , crammed with at least 166 shivering passengers , all of them apparently migrants from Sub-Saharan Africa . Italian coast guard officers and rescue workers helped offload the passengers , wrapping an infant in a metallic blanket and taking at least one man away on a stretcher . The passengers left behind husks of bread , soggy blankets , and fluorescent life jackets , scattered in the hull of the boat . "  I still have the trauma inside me . Because of the cold , the water . Because I 've never tried this before in my life , " said a 21-year old man from Sierra Leone who only gave his first name Abubakr . Abubakr said the boat departed from the Libyan capital of Tripoli on Thursday morning and reached this tiny Italian island after a perilous 24-hour journey . The boat was just the first of five boats that arrived Friday carrying 1,271 passengers . On Saturday , two more boats carrying more than 400 people from Libya and Tunisia reached the island , the U.N. High Commissioner for Regfugees said . Most of the refugees are from Sub-Saharan Africa , including Sierra Leone and Senegal . There are also Bangladeshis , some Egyptians and Tunisians . "  The sea is really difficult ... I vomited so much , " said Ibrahim Cooper , 26 , also from Sierra Leone . Despite reports that a similar ship sank off the coast of Libya , killing at least 16 migrants , more than 30,000 migrants and refugees from Tunisia and Libya have risked this dangerous journey to Lampedusa since last February . Late Thursday night , Italian authorities were tracking one boat from Libya carrying 250 migrants that was said to be leaking . That vessel is believed to now be in the territorial waters of Malta . Passengers onboard Friday morning 's boat said they made the journey to escape the fighting in Libya . "  It 's a war situation now , " Abubakr said . "  Anything can happen . That 's why we have to run for our lives . Because we are blacks . We are not secure in that country . " Cooper huddled on the pavement of the port , eating a biscuit distributed by Italian emergency workers . "  We are now refugees in Italy , " Cooper said . "  The Italian government and the E.U. should do something to help us . " The armada of leaky boats full of migrants that have flooded Lampedusa over the past three months has become a hot-button political issue both in Italy and the European Union . A diplomatic spat erupted recently when France prevented a train carrying dozens of Tunisian migrants from crossing the border from Italy . Meanwhile , this week , the Danish government announced it would begin checking passports at the border of Denmark . These measures threaten to undermine the Schengen agreement , which allows free movement across European borders . One unexpected consequence of the revolutions that have swept through North Africa is the collapse of border controls in Tunisia and Libya . Lampedusa and Malta , both islands less than an hour 's flight from the North African coast , have borne the brunt of the subsequent wave of migration . At one point , the population of migrants vastly outnumbered the tiny population of Lampedusa , which numbers less than 6,000 . Migrants slept in the streets of this small fishing port . Dozens of blue fishing boats from Tunisia and Libya are piled up in a boat graveyard outside Lampedusa 's small commercial port . Nearby , graffiti on a wall says "  Basta Siamo Pieni , " meaning , "  Enough , we are full . " Today , the number of new arrivals from Tunisia has reduced somewhat , thanks in part to a recent agreement with Italy to improve patrolling along the Tunisian coast . But as the war rages on in Libya , the number of barely seaworthy vessels departing Tripoli for Europe has increased drastically . A local priest is planning to hold a memorial service in Lampedusa later Friday for three other migrants who washed up on the shore of this small Mediterranean island last Sunday . The boat they are believed to have traveled on lies on its side on the rocky shore of Lampedusa days after it ran aground .	NEW : More than 1,250 have arrived by sea Four boats make it to the island safely "  Some people were in coma , " one refugee says of the boat ride to Lampedusa Italian coast guard officers and rescue workers help offload the passengers
CNN  -- Facing mounting criticism over the alleged behavior of one of his players , Miami Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin says the buck stops with him . "  I am in charge of the workplace atmosphere , " he said at a news conference . Philbin said he was unaware of alleged misconduct by Richie Incognito against fellow offensive lineman Jonathan Martin until Martin 's representatives informed the team Sunday evening . "  We immediately took those concerns very , very seriously , " and informed NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to request a review , Philbin said . ESPN also reported that Martin never brought his concerns to Philbin . But many who know the ins and outs of pro football say Philbin should have known what was going on in his ranks and taken action much sooner . "  The recent developments in the Jonathan Martin-Richie Incognito situation  have  shown us one thing : Joe Philbin is to blame for the turmoil in the Miami Dolphins ' locker room , " writes Gil Alcaraz of rantsports.com . "  First and foremost , an NFL head coach needs to know what 's going on within his own locker room . If there 's a player bullying another player , sending him threatening voice mails and text messages while making him feel uncomfortable on a daily basis , the head coach has to be aware of it . " The central allegation against Incognito involves messages to Martin , including a voice mail in which Incognito allegedly used racial slurs , threatened physical violence , and used the words , "  I 'll kill you . " Martin 's representatives have turned materials over to the NFL for an investigation . Incognito allegedly also got Martin to contribute $ 15,000 to help finance a trip to Las Vegas by a group of Dolphins even though Martin preferred not to travel with them . Martin gave Incognito the money , fearing the consequences if he did not , ESPN reported . Incognito , on Twitter , accused a news organization of "  attaching my name to false speculation , " but that tweet and others were later deleted , according to bleacherreport.com . Incognito has been suspended ; Martin left the team . It 's unclear what lies in store for either of them . Incognito said Tuesday he is "  weathering the storm right now . " Richie Incognito , Jonathan Martin , and the NFL 's future Philbin "  is ultimately to blame here , " Dan Shanoff writes at USAToday . " ... Philbin either actively neglected his team culture  his claim  or he knew and did nothing  which would be worse  . Let 's give him the benefit of the doubt -- at best , he is an appallingly ineffective leader . " The Sun Sentinel reports that Dolphins coaches had asked Incognito to toughen up Martin -- orders he may have taken too far . The report does not say whether Philbin himself made the request . Philbin did tell players each year to "  cut out " rookie hazing , the paper reports . But how much are NFL coaches really expected to police their teams ? By and large , they "  let their players , and especially their seasoned veterans , maintain harmony in the locker room , " Ken Belson writes in the New York Times . "  In the crudest sense , they are hired to build a winning team , and as long as players do their jobs well , what happens elsewhere is largely immaterial . " "  To some extent , the inmates run the asylum , " Trevor Pryce , a defensive end who spent 14 years in the NFL , told the Times . "  The coaches have a lot of other things to deal with . " No organization speaks for all NFL coaches . The NFL Coaches Association "  represents the interests of nearly 500 assistant coaches , " according to the website of its executive director , David Cornwell . He was not immediately available Wednesday to discuss this issue . Ricky Williams , who played with Incognito in Miami , said he believes a coach should only step in if behind-the-scenes behavior affects play on the field . "  The locker room , we keep coaches out for a reason . It 's our space , " Williams told KGMZ-FM in San Francisco , according to NFL.com . There is "  a lack of leadership in that locker room , " he said of the Dolphins . Some coaches have been credited with taking disturbing behavior seriously . "  Hall of Famer Bill Walsh 's coaching tree never tolerated any form of hazing or harassing . Pete Carroll does n't allow it in Seattle . Jimmy Johnson and Mike Shanahan have said they 've never witnessed bullying to the extent that is alleged in this circumstance , " NFL.com reports . As the conflict between Incognito and Martin spirals into a time of reckoning for the entire NFL , league officials face the task of laying out in clear terms just what coaches are responsible for -- and how to punish coaches when their players cross the line . Philbin has compared running a team to running a school . When his two children go to school each day , "  I have certain expectations that the administration , the teachers and the staff are going to create a safe atmosphere where my children can learn and develop as people , " he said at his news conference Monday . "  This is no different , " he added . "  I take this responsibility very seriously . " But even if Philbin shoulders blame for what allegedly transpired in his team , he 's not alone , says columnist Jen Floyd Engel of foxsports.com . She points to others in the team 's leadership and the players themselves . "  I  t is every person who saw what was happening to Martin and did nothing who deserve our condemnation . "	Allegations surrounding NFL star Richie Incognito are raising questions about coaches Miami Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin takes responsibility for "  workplace atmosphere " Critics say he should have known and acted sooner "  Inmates run the asylum , " a former player says in a report
CNN  -- Last week , Iran 's Guardian Council  GC  , the ideological body that vets presidential candidates , announced its list of eight men approved to run for office . Although I was fully qualified and campaigned assiduously within the framework of the Islamic Constitution for four months , I ultimately was not on that list -- and the reason has led to much speculation and hearsay . I wish to set the record straight about our campaign and my candidacy for president of Iran . Our campaign began by publishing an 80-page platform in Farsi and English , building websites , and extensively utilizing social media . We also internationalized our campaign by giving interviews to media outlets and speaking at universities and gatherings throughout the world . It was the first Iranian campaign to go global and the first presidential campaign ever by an expatriate . In a short time , our Facebook Likes reached over 100,000 -- largely coming from young Iranians . With these and other accomplishments under our belt , I went to Iran in mid-April to set up a campaign office . During my short stay in Iran , I learned that our campaign is popular and that its fame has become a source of concern for the Islamic system . I was even told by certain officials that the campaign could lead to civic disorder , and that my own safety is a concern . I was advised to stop the campaign , a reference that was also strongly echoed by my political advisers . Despite the warning , I waited until the last day of the registration on May 11 to withdraw , saving my candidacy from the GC 's disqualification . Former presidents Mohammad Khatami and Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's pal -- Esfandiar Rahim Mashaei -- had also been advised against registering but the last two did not heed the counsel and were disqualified by the GC . Clearly , the four of us were popular and a source of concern for Tehran , which is still haunted by the specter of 2009 post-election protests . Read more : Ahmadinejad to contest banning of aide from presidential race My withdrawal is unfortunate because I am uniquely qualified and our platform is the only one that can help Iran navigate its current impasse . Specifically , Iran is suffering from three inter-connected problems , namely , factional infighting , conflict with the United States and economic malaise . Our platform , the only one offered by a candidate , proposes appropriate policies for the resolution of these issues , and I have been , for most of my life , a bridge builder , a peacemaker and an economic developer . To alleviate factional infighting , I would introduce two measures . First , I would build a governing coalition in which each political faction is represented on the basis of its electoral weight . Second , I would create a National Solidarity Council to serve as a platform for dialogue and understanding to increase transparency , find commonality , and narrow differences among factions . Because I have never been a member or adversary of any faction , I expected to be trusted with this intermediating function . Narrowing factional differences would help depoliticize Iran 's U.S. policy . I would introduce five other steps toward normal U.S.-Iran relations . First , I would use my political assets in both countries to build trust between them . I have lived in the U.S. and Iran , been a peace activist in their relations for 25 years , and I know their languages , cultures , concerns , and key policymakers . Second , I would resolve the nuclear dispute by implementing transparency measures required to convince the U.S. that a diversion toward military use will never happen . In return , I would ask that all nuclear-related sanctions be lifted . Read more : Iranian-American launches bid for Iran 's presidency Third , I would establish extensive channels of communication between Iran and the U.S. in an effort to correct misconceptions and mis-analysis . To this end , I would propose a truce period during which Iranians would stop anti-American words and acts , and Americans would address Iran with respect and recognize its national pride . Fourth , I would correct Iran 's Palestinian-Israeli policy by accepting the "  two-state " solution . Last , I would propose that the U.S. and Iran simultaneously announce their will to "  normalize " relations through agenda-driven bilateral negotiations that would follow . Resolving the U.S.-Iran conflict and factional disputes are keys to Iran 's economic development , which I would improve through four additional steps . First , I would adopt an economic plan designed to promote economic productivity , export-led industrialization , and labor market globalization . Second , I would appoint a highly competent economic management and international advisory team . Third , I would stabilize fiscal and monetary policies , streamline the banking system , and introduce modern workforce and entrepreneurship development programs . Last , I would hugely expand Iran 's economic interactions with global markets . Through these steps , I would promote foreign investment , technology transfer and exports , increase personal income , and reduce inflation , unemployment and poverty . Although I will not be on the ballot in 2013 , we will continue our campaign for real change in Iran under the banner of "  The Campaign for a Better Iran . " I will also look for future opportunities to run again . We believe our platform offers the safest path to an improved Iran and deserves to be supported . Other options , including another revolution , more sanctions , and war are unacceptable . Meanwhile , we hope to convince the country 's next president to apply our realistic and pragmatic plan for national reconciliation , resolution of conflict with the U.S. , and economic growth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Hooshang Amirahmadi .	Iran 's Guardian Council has approved just 8 of more than 680 presidential hopefuls Hooshang Amirahmadi is a U.S.-based academic who campaigned as a candidate He says he was warned his campaign could lead to disorder and his safety was a concern Amirahmadi waited until the last day of registration and then withdrew from the race
North Huntingdon , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Focused , determined and dedicated : that 's how friends and neighbors describe Nicolas Checque , the Navy SEAL killed during the successful rescue of an American doctor kidnapped in Afghanistan . They say when the petty officer first class died , Checque was living the life he had always wanted . As far back as middle school , he knew he wanted to join the Navy 's special forces . "  He loved it , " said high school classmate Anthony Troisi . "  In seventh grade , eighth grade , he knew what he wanted to do with his life : he wanted to be a Navy SEAL . " Read more : U.S. citizen rescued from the Taliban in Afghanistan He was driven and goal-oriented , according to Stephanie Stewart , who usually rode the school bus with Checque to Norwin High School . "  He knew exactly how to get where he wanted , " she said . Growing up here , Checque kept a short , military-style haircut , and even got Lasik eye surgery -- mainly to make sure there was nothing that could disqualify him from becoming a commando , according to Troisi . In addition to his classes , the young man focused on wrestling and fitness , which friends say he saw as a way to prepare for the physically demanding role Checque was striving for . "  He was a team leader , " said Michael Choby , who graduated a year ahead . "  Not a superstar , but a leader in the room -- and at matches , too . " Send memories or messages At the end of an exhausting wrestling practice , Checque was still ready to swim laps , Choby said -- another type of training that could help lead to a career as a commando . Troisi described him as mentally tough , but reserved , at matches . "  He would beat a guy up -- and then walk off like it was just his job , " he said . Checque was a four-year honors student , said his physics teacher Doug Knipple , but rather than go to college , he chose to go straight into the Navy . At Norwin on Tuesday morning , students , faculty and staff observed a moment of silence . Choby , who now works as the assistant principal at the school they both attended , says Checque 's accomplishments can serve as an example for today 's students . "  He did n't just have a dream , and wish it happened , or hope it happened . He worked , worked , worked -- and he achieved amazing things for himself , " he said . Home and Away : Coalition casualties in Afghanistan and Iraq In addition to winning a coveted slot in the elite special warfare unit known as SEAL Team Six , Checque , 28 , received a number of commendations , including the Bronze Star . But when the Monroeville resident visited home in recent years , he did not talk about his assignments or his missions , said former neighbor Kim Victor . After al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden was killed by American commandos in Pakistan , old high school friends joked about how Checque was probably involved . Now , Troisi said , they know the truth : Checque actually did serve in the very unit from which the soldiers on that high-stakes mission were selected .  The Pentagon has not disclosed whether Checque was on the bin Laden mission The International Security Assistance Force said Taliban insurgents kidnapped the rescued U.S. doctor . Two local officials identified the kidnappers as smugglers . "  He died doing what he loved , " former neighbor Kim Victor said of Checque . "  Not that that makes it any easier . " Checque 's remains were returned to U.S. soil at Dover Air Force Base on Monday , as officials ranging from President Barack Obama to the rescued doctor 's employer thanked him for his sacrifice . "  He gave his life for all of us , " said Josh Behun , another Pennsylvania friend of Cheque 's from school . "  Protecting freedom , and standing up for those who could n't stand up for themselves -- as he always had . " Home and Away : Iraq and Afghanistan War Casualties CNN 's Adam S. Levine contributed to this report .	As a student , Nicolas Checque focused on goals , fitness He wrestled for high school team in Pennsylvania Navy SEAL died in Afghanistan rescue mission
CNN  -- The shooting of 14-year-old Malala Yousufzai in Pakistan 's Swat Valley has awakened the world to the dangers a resurgent Taliban poses to the rights and safety of girls and women , particularly those who are human rights activists like Malala . Here is a question for Tuesday 's presidential debate : Will Malala 's shooting prompt concrete steps to prevent more of such attacks , which potentially affect tens of thousands of girls and women -- and could seal the fate of an entire region ? Late last week , as the teenager lay hooked to a ventilator , her recovery uncertain , the Taliban pledged to come after her and her family again to punish her efforts to keep girls schools open . This is the mark of a committed foe of women 's rights , impervious to how its brutality has outraged the people of Pakistan and the globe . The Taliban appears determined to extinguish women 's freedom at any cost . Profile : Malala -- Global symbol , but still just a kid The stakes are undeniable , yet the fate of women has been glaringly absent from nearly all high-profile discussions on the future of Afghanistan and the wider region . When NATO heads of state met last May in Chicago , it was not until protests were held by Amnesty International and other groups that women were even included as full members of the Afghan delegation . Once invited into the room , Afghan women reported that they were denied a significant role in summit deliberations or decisions . At last week 's vice presidential debate between Vice President Joe Biden and Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan , there was extensive discussion of Afghanistan , but no mention of women . The issue has scarcely figured in President Obama 's many statements and speeches about the region . As we approach the final debates of this campaign season , it is vital that the candidates answer the "  Malala question . " This is not an easy problem to solve . As the United States and its allies draw down , security responsibility is being transferred to Afghan government forces without sufficient steps or resources to protect civilians . Funding for development is tenuous , at best . Institutions are weak , and outside influence by key governments and other actors is limited . In Swat Valley , violence and harm to civilians is coming from a range of sources , including U.S. drones in parts of Pakistan . While their challenges differ , the rule of law in both Afghanistan and Swat Valley ranges from fragile to nonexistent . But women 's rights in Afghanistan and Taliban-influenced areas of Pakistan must not be written off as a lost cause . Nor is it good enough to simply proclaim that something must be done . The Taliban 's siege on women puts the impressive rhetorical and legal commitments to women 's rights over the past few decades to perhaps its most visible and high-stakes test . It is not just about women . Communities , local economies , indeed the entire region suffers if women are kept from contributing . Before 9/11 , the Taliban in Afghanistan was notorious worldwide for its iron , repressive rule toward the country 's more than 17 million women . Women were barred from education , professions and even from leaving their homes without being accompanied by a man . Maternal mortality levels were among the world 's highest . In the decade since the Taliban 's overthrow in Afghanistan , modest but key strides have been made . Today , 3 million girls go to school , compared to virtually none under the Taliban . Women make up 20 % of university graduates , and their numbers are growing . Maternal mortality and infant mortality have declined , and 10 % of all prosecutors and judges are women , while there were none under the Taliban . Securing and advancing these gains if the Taliban grows in influence will be difficult . Members of the Afghan Women 's Network , a women 's rights consortium , express grave concern about the future , but also fierce determination not to see the clock rolled back . They have also joined Amnesty International in outlining a specific action plan of steps that must be taken in Afghanistan that may have relevance to Swat Valley , as well . World : Attack on Pakistani schoolgirl galvanizes anti-Taliban feeling One of the most important of these is a guarantee of significant , secure financial support controlled by women 's institutions and organizations in the region . Development funds and economic activities are being funneled through Afghan government ministries in an effort to build up those institutions . But unless local women 's organizations , including those serving rural areas , have unimpeded access to steady funds , the work and influence of dozens of organizations working to promote women 's education , health care , freedom from violence , economic opportunities and rights are in jeopardy . These groups and their leaders are the best bulwark against regression and deserve assured support . As internal deliberations and political maneuvering over the region 's future unfold , local actors , the United Nations , outside partners , funders and the media must keep up the pressure to ensure that women are heard around the negotiating table and within government organs in the region . Women 's rights must be codified in all negotiated instruments , and existing legal and constitutional guarantees strengthened and enforced . A wide range of governments and institutions globally will continue to hold sway over subjects like the handling of terrorist militants in the region . They need to use that influence to weigh in consistently on behalf of the region 's girls and women . Critically , the number of women at all levels in national security and police forces must be increased through incentives , recruitment efforts and training to ensure that those serving in military and law enforcement roles do not suffer discrimination and can do their jobs . The U.S. presidential candidates should endorse and Congress should enact legislation focused on addressing the threat posed by the Taliban in Afghanistan and parts of Pakistan . This legislation should be tied to larger U.S. policies and appropriations in relation to Afghanistan and Swat Valley . A new law is the best way to ensure that sufficient funds are set aside and that women 's rights and their status are rigorously tracked and reviewed . Having cited the betterment of women as one justification for its invasion of Afghanistan 11 years ago , the United States needs to show that it is not turning its back on the region 's women . When Malala is well enough she should be the one to decide whether she wants such an effort dubbed "  Malala 's law . " It would be an apt naming . Opinion : Girl 's courage , Taliban 's cowardice It took a point-blank assassination attempt of a 14-year old girl to get the world to pay attention to the threat to women from a resurgent Taliban . Unless the shooting of Malala is news heard round the world , prompting sustained action in government offices , legislatures , newsrooms , U.N. halls and public squares , her fate may foretell the lot of millions of other women and girls , and the destiny of an entire region . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Suzanne Nossel .	Suzanne Nossel : Shooting of 14-year-old girl shows resurgent , repressive Taliban She says presidential candidates must answer : Will they take action to push back ? She says in talks on region 's future , women 's rights chronically left out Nossel : U.S. must tie women 's rights to laws on appropriations , policies in region
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Sonia Peres , the wife of Israeli President Shimon Peres , died at her Tel Aviv home Thursday morning , a president 's spokeswoman said . She was 87 . The president was making his way to Tel Aviv from Jerusalem on Thursday , said spokeswoman Meital Jaslovitz . The couple has lived separately since Shimon Peres was elected president in 2007 , with his wife -- who preferred to remain out of the public eye -- remaining in their Tel Aviv home while her husband moved to the official residence in Jerusalem . Dr. Rafi Valdan , Peres ' son-in-law , told Israel Radio that she was found dead Thursday morning when a grandchild came to visit her , according to the daily newspaper Haaretz . Sonia Peres was "  all nobility and devotion , " Valdan said . "  The family members were very close to her . We would see her almost every day . " She was born in 1923 in the Ukraine and met Shimon Peres after they both came to Israel , Haaretz said . They married in May 1945 and had three children .	Sonia Peres preferred to remain out of the public eye The couple has lived separately since Shimon Peres was elected president
CNN  -- India is trying to reclaim the famous metal-rimmed glasses and some other artifacts from freedom leader Mahatma Gandhi that are up for auction next week in New York , a top official said Saturday . Mahatma Gandhi was known for his peaceful opposition to tyranny , which led to India 's independence . "  The government will be doing whatever is required to get them back , " India 's culture ministry secretary Jawhar Sircar told CNN . He said there were "  several options " in place for India . When asked whether India planned any indirect participation in the bidding reportedly scheduled next week at the Antiquorum auction house on New York 's Madison Avenue , he said it is one of the "  speculative " options . "  I ca n't disclose what  exactly  those options are . But we are doing something , " Sircar remarked . The glasses are scheduled to be auctioned off along with Gandhi 's pocketwatch , sandals , bowl , and plate with letters of authenticity , according to the Web site for Antiquorum , which specializes in watches . The glasses and other items are estimated to sell for as much as $ 30,000 , the Web site said . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Auction scheduled to take place in New York Glasses and other items estimated to sell for as much as $ 30,000 Indian official : India has "  several options " Gandhi 's pocketwatch , sandals , bowl , and plate among items on auction
CNN  -- Tiger Woods kept his recent strong play going Thursday , shooting a 1-under 69 to keep him within shouting distance of the leader at the U.S. Open . Michael Thompson held the lead after round one , shooting a 4-under 66 for a three-shot advantage from second-placed Woods , 2010 winner Graeme McDowell , Justin Rose , David Toms and Nick Watney . Thompson , 27 , is playing in only his second U.S. Open , having finished tied for 29th in 2008 . "  I 've got nothing to lose . This is just a bonus in my career , " said Thompson , who was runner-up at the Olympic Club at the 2007 U.S. Amateur Championship . "  I 'm not guaranteed into all the majors as a professional , and to be able to have the opportunity to play is just a wonderful experience . " U.S. Open latest scores Woods was on his game all day at Olympic 's tree-lined Lake Course in San Francisco . He consistently hit fairways and kept the ball out of the rough . He birdied in back-to-back holes late in the round , shots that brought huge applause and subdued fist pumps from Woods . "  I was very pleased , " Woods told reporters . "  I felt like I had control of my game all day and just stuck to my game plan and executed my game plan . " His play came in stark contrast to the others in his marquee pairing . Woods was grouped with Phil Mickelson and recent Masters champion Bubba Watson , but both golfers struggled mightily and will have to rally on Friday to make the cut . Mickelson , who has been a U.S. Open runner-up five times , shot a 6-over 76 . He fell on hard times from the beginning , slicing his opening tee shot into the trees and losing the ball . He had to rally just to get a bogey . He then went on to bogey the next two holes and showcased uneven play the whole round . "  I ca n't really think about the lead or anything , " Mickelson told reporters . "  I 've just got to make the cut right now , and to do that , I got to shoot something under par . " Watson had even more difficulty shooting a round of 8-over 78 . The always-clever Watson commented on his difficulties on his Twitter page . "  I figured out what I did wrong today on the golf course , missed the putt for 77 . #goflishard , " Watson tweeted hours after he had finished Thursday . Another big story of the first round was 14-year-old Andy Zhang who became the youngest golfer to ever compete in the U.S. Open . Zhang started out a little shaky starting with a triple bogey , then a double bogey and then three more bogeys in a row . But the teen settled himself and with a beautiful play at the end of the round became the youngest player to hit a birdie in the U.S. Open . He finished with a 9-over 79 , which left him level with world No. 1 Luke Donald and U.S. Open champion Michael Campbell in a tie for 140th in the 156-man field . Defending U.S. Open champ Rory McIlroy stumbled in the first round , as the world No. 2 carded 7-over 77 . Can Tiger Woods crack the U.S. Open 's ` graveyard of champions ? ' It was a tough day for the world 's top three players , with Englishman Lee Westwood faring the best as he shot 73 to be tied for 40th . Casey Martin , playing his first major tournament in 14 years since his controversial debut at the same venue , was tied for 52nd . The 40-year-old American , who needs to use a golf cart due to a birth defect which causes pain in his right leg , carded six bogeys and two birdies in his 74 . "  I tried to realize there 's really not that much pressure on me , but it did n't work , " said Martin , now a university golf coach who came through regional qualifying last week . "  I want to enjoy it . It 's hard to enjoy it when you 're popping with your nerves and stuff . I want to do so well so bad that I do n't want to get in my way . "	Michael Thompson was the leader after the first round Tiger Woods was three shots behind , tied for second Andy Zhang , 14 , is the youngest golfer to play in the U.S. Open
Washington  CNN  -- It might not have had the drama of a Sen. Ted Cruz overnight talk-a-thon , but some Senate Democrats hope their all-night effort draws similar attention to their issue that has been stalled in Congress : climate change . Mirroring a tactic employed by Cruz during his marathon effort aimed at derailing Obamacare , Sen. Ed Markey of Massachusetts read from Dr. Seuss during his turn speaking just before midnight Tuesday . He chose the children 's book "  The Lorax , " which touches on the environment . "  But now says the Once-ler , now that you 're here , the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear . Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot , nothing is going to get better , " Markey read , then added his own thoughts : "  So to my colleagues here in the Senate and everyone watching and following tonight thank you for caring a whole awful lot . " Twenty-eight Dems participate The effort by 28 Democratic senators was launched in part by Rhode Island 's Sheldon Whitehouse , who credits warming oceans for the state 's disappearing idyllic and populated coastline . Whitehouse has spoken about the issue every week the Senate has been in session for the past two years , culminating in 60 speeches that have gone largely unnoticed by the public . He and fellow Democratic members of the climate change caucus hope their all-night session propels the issue back into the spotlight since it has been on the back burner for several years . "  There 's a group of senators who have not given up on getting something done on climate change and are n't willing to just sit quietly through the current status quo , " Whitehouse told CNN in a phone interview on Monday . After climate change legislation , one of President Barack Obama 's top three priorities entering office , failed in 2010 , the issue fell off the radar . The President rarely talked about it . Congress did little to address it . "  If you were looking for reassurance that somebody took this seriously in Washington , you were n't finding much , " Whitehouse said . Why the renewed focus on climate change ? The third rail Climate change turned into an issue that few wanted to touch , especially those facing difficult reelection campaigns . When Democrats tried to pass legislation that would have capped carbon emissions , skepticism around climate change reached an all-time high . According to Gallup , 48 % of respondents said the issue on its face is exaggerated . Opponents , led by organizations and businesses involved in the fossil fuel industry , successfully turned public opinion and stopped any efforts in its tracks . The death of climate change Opponents successfully renamed cap and trade , which referred to legislation that placed limits on carbon emissions by power plants and other major polluters , to "  cap and tax . " Amid recession , they argued the proposal would kill jobs and raise energy prices . Key players in changing the dynamic of the debate were the Koch Brothers , billionaire businessmen who made their fortune in the oil and gas industry and have also spent hundreds of millions of dollars trying to defeat Democrats . Cap and trade would have cut into Koch industries ' revenue , which is estimated to hover around $ 100 billion per year . Tim Phillips , the President of Americans for Prosperity , the political organization backed by the Kochs , said that killing climate change legislation in a Democratic-controlled Washington was his organization 's major accomplishment . "  Stopping cap and trade was a crucial policy victory that most folks would have thought impossible at the time , " he said during a recent interview . "  Defeating that was an enormous policy victory that has lasting policy repercussions in a good way . " Not only did they kill the legislation , they successfully helped to elect a crop of new lawmakers who do n't believe that human activity is the cause of global warming . According to the League of Conservation Voters , 100 lawmakers currently fall into their ranks . Whitehouse had this response : It 's "  something that his grandchildren will be very ashamed of . " Opinion : Why are we still debating climate change ? The top Republican in the Senate , Sen. Mitch McConnell , took to the floor Monday afternoon to deride the climate change talkers as "  cruel . " "  Families are losing work because of government attacks on the coal industry , " McConnell said , referring to his home state of Kentucky . "  And tonight you 're going to hear 30 hours of excuses from a group of people who think that 's OK . Well it 's not OK . It 's cruel . " A revival ? The death of cap and trade triggered new fears among environmentally friendly legislators . "  It is unfortunate , " Whitehouse said . "  History will look back at the propaganda effort of the carbon polluters as one of the most sophisticated and complex propaganda efforts that human kind had to withstand . " But since then , the public has started to shift its opinion . According to Gallup , 41 % now say that climate change is exaggerated -- 7 points lower than its high in 2010 . And the number of those who say the seriousness of the issue is underestimated is on the rise . Now Whitehouse thinks it 's his side 's turn to make a move . He has buy in from the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid who told reporters last week that it is "  the worst problem " the world faces . But they have to start at Square One by working to convince the public that climate change is real . The Senate 's all-night session is well-timed . Wealthy former hedge fund manager Tom Steyer is willing to spend Koch-like money to push the issue of climate change and defeat skeptics in the 2014 midterms . Whitehouse , who has known Steyer since college , said if he can make good on his pledge to infuse the effort with $ 100 million , he would "  help to neutralize an incredibly one-sided spending . " "  We can change the conversation very quickly . " The absentees But not all Democrats - and no Republicans - are on board . Notable senators were absent from the overnight session Monday into Tuesday . They include those who have difficult election campaigns , including Sens. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Kay Hagan of North Carolina , Mark Pryor of Arkansas and Mark Begich of Alaska . Republicans are n't letting Landrieu 's absence go unnoticed . The National Republican Senatorial Committee , which aims to get Republicans elected to the Senate , put out a web video Tuesday , criticizing Landrieu for allowing the talk-a-thon to take place . The video also argues she does n't stand up enough for American energy . Tiernan Sittenfeld , a senior vice president of the League of Conservation Voters , said the fact that just over half of the Democratic caucus is willing to speak in the wee hours of the night about climate change is "  incredibly exciting " and "  good politics . " In fact , Whitehouse is working to ensure that climate change is a topic in the 2016 presidential race by traveling to Iowa next week to talk to voters and activists . He insists he is not running for President but wants to make sure those who do talk about the impact of climate change . Obama 's engagement After a hiatus post 2010 , the Obama administration is also back in the climate change game . President Barack Obama proposed his Climate Action Plan this past summer that would create carbon pollution standards for power plants and expand renewable energy production . And in his new budget plan , the President proposed funding to study the impacts of climate change . Secretary of State John Kerry said last month that climate change is the "  greatest challenge of our generation . " Whitehouse is optimistic that the tide is turning . So much so that he traveled to Sea Island , Georgia , this past weekend to speak at the conservative American Enterprise Institute conference . "  I think it went pretty well , " he said . Is it time to agree on climate change ? CNN 's Ted Barrett , Ashley Killough and Jonathan Helman contributed to this story .	Senate Democrats held all-night session to draw attention to climate change The issue has fallen off the radar with the help of wealthy opponents Wealthy environmentalist Tom Steyer has put it back in the spotlight
Oprah.com  -- Look for the actress in ABC 's new drama Pan Am -- as well as on the couch reading books rich in imagination . The Chronicles of Narnia By C.S. Lewis "  I would reread them every summer , " says Christina Ricci of the children 's series featuring a deity named Aslan , a benevolent lion . "  I actually prayed to him , convinced that he would come into my room and take me to Narnia . " By 19 , Ricci no longer prayed to Aslan , but she found another expression of her devotion : She had Aslan 's image , her first tattoo , inked on her shoulder . Oprah.com : See the complete list of Oprah 's book club selections She 's Come Undone By Wally Lamb "  I have given this book to so many people and reread it , I think , a million times , " says Christina Ricci . "  I love it because it 's about surviving . " The novel 's unforgettable protagonist , Dolores Price , endures sexual abuse , parental neglect , and years in a mental institution -- but never loses her fighting spirit . "  As long as we can tell stories about our ability to survive , the more we will hope , not self-destruct . " Oprah.com : 8 books to read with a broken heart Just Kids By Patti Smith The sex , drugs , and rock 'n' roll of the 1970s "  always scared me , " says 31-year-old Christina Ricci , who had n't yet been born when rocker Patti Smith and photographer Robert Mapplethorpe were making music and art together , as chronicled in this 2010 memoir . "  Their story sort of restored my faith in people . They went through so much but could still forgive and love each other . " Oprah.com : Your favorite women writers The Fountainhead By Ayn Rand "  When I was struggling with a sense of identity , this book helped me feel empowered about being a little different , " says Christina Ricci . A teenager when she read the popular 1943 novel , she knew nothing about the book 's polarizing ideology , nor was she drawn to its iconoclastic protagonist , Howard Roark . "  I did n't like that guy , " says Ricci . Oprah.com : Books that made a difference to James Franco The Story Sisters By Alice Hoffman "  Recently , I 've really responded to books that bring the magic of childhood back to us as adults , " says Christina Ricci , who bought this novel about traumatized sisters at an airport , not knowing what to expect . "  It was very sad , but in a way it was also uplifting because they never lost the love they had for each other . " Hoffman 's take on magical realism -- the sisters construct their own language to protect themselves from hurt -- "  was so beautiful . I was in tears for most of the flight ! " Oprah.com : 31 classics that have stood the test of time Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2011 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Christina Ricci shares some of the books that have impacted her life Ricci loved "  The Chronicles of Narnia " so much that she has a tatoo of Aslan The actress recommends "  She 's Come Undone " to all of her friends
CNN  -- In April of this year the world was shocked to learn that Boko Haram had abducted 276 Nigerian schoolgirls from their boarding school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 are still missing . Despite international outrage and a viral campaign calling for action , the girls remained missing . CNN 's Senior International Correspondent Arwa Damon reflected on traveling through West Africa and meeting Boko Haram 's terrified victims . Two months after the kidnapping , CNN asked you to share your messages of hope for family and friends of the missing schoolgirls . While some tweeted messages of support , others expressed frustration over the Nigerian government 's handling of the situation . From Africa and beyond , here 's a roundup of some tweets you sent us along with other messages from the #BringBackOurGirls campaign . Continue the conversation on Twitter or in the comments section below .	CNN 's Arwa Damon reflects on traveling to Nigeria and beyond in search of Boko Haram The terror group abducted 276 schoolgirls in Borno state Boko Haram has terrorized Nigeria 's Borno state , wants to create an Islamic state The #BringBackOurGirls campaign went viral around the world
Al-Shabaab militants launched an attack Somalia 's parliament headquarters Saturday , leaving at least 10 people dead and more than 11 others wounded , witnesses and officials said . Members of the parliament were among those wounded after gunmen loyal to the al Qaeda-affiliated terror group stormed the facility in Mogadishu , according to witnesses and official accounts . Fighters used automatic rifles , heavy machine guns and explosives in an attack that lasted more than three hours , witnesses said . Mohamed Madale , a police spokesman , said security forces later secured the building after the fighters blew themselves up . He said the security forces killed several fighters during the attack . Dahir Mohamed , a police officer who witnessed the attack , said the attackers used a car filled with explosives to get into the parliament building , and killed some of the Somali forces guarding the building on their way in . Smoke and flames could be seen pouring from the building as ambulances pulled up to attend to the wounded lying on the ground . People took cover as security forces moved in , exchanging gunfire with the attackers . Some members of parliament were evacuated from the building . Ali Osman , an ambulance worker at the scene , told CNN that he collected 10 bodies , including those of Somali forces , civil servants and civilians who were caught in the crossfire during the attack . He also said more than 11 others , including members of parliament , also were wounded . A spokesman said on Al-Shabaab 's radio network that the group was responsible for the attack . Prime Minister : Attack does not reflect "  true Islamic faith " In a statement condemning the attack , Somali Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed said , "  The terrorists have once again shown that they are against all Somalis , by killing our innocent brothers and sisters . These cowardly , despicable actions are not a demonstration of the true Islamic faith . " The U.S. State Department issued a statement condemning the attack . "  We extend our sympathies and condolences to those affected by this heinous act of terrorism , " deputy spokesperson Marie Harf said in the statement , "  and commend Somali and African Union forces for their swift and courageous response . " "  We continue to stand firmly with the Federal Government of Somalia and the many international partners working to support its efforts to root out the threat posed by al-Shabaab and to build a more secure and prosperous future for the Somali people , " Harf said . "  Cowardly acts such as these will not shake our resolve . " Lawmakers witness carnage Mohamed Omar , a lawmaker who was inside the parliament building , said that Al-Shabaab fighters wore military uniforms and "  suicide belts . " Security forces killed at least three of the militants , Omar said . Osman Daallo , a member of parliament , said he saw two colleagues seriously wounded , including a fellow MP "  whose chest was gushing out from blood . " Mohamed Deyfalah , another MP , said the attack was the worst he has ever witnessed , and he had always believed the heavy security presence at the parliament would have prevented such an attack . One of wounded MPs who asked to remain anonymous said the attack "  indicates the weakness of the government . " "  Our government is still unable to deal with the terrorists and today 's attack underscores a lack of efficient government , " the lawmaker said . Late Saturday , Somalia 's security minister , Abdukarim Hussein Guled , resigned as a result of the attack . "  I bear witness that the 22 months I have been in the office , we managed to improve the security situation of the country , especially Mogadishu , " the minister said , "  but now it is time to resign so that someone else who is better than me can take over the office . " Al-Shabaab 's aim is to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , though it has carried out attacks in other African countries , as well . The group carried out the mall attack in Nairobi , Kenya , in September that left at least 67 people dead . The group has increased the use of suicide attacks in recent years , though these have been somewhat rare in Somalia . It is believed that veterans of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are helping train al-Shabaab fighters . Learn more about Al-Shabaab	Somali security minister resigns in wake of the attacks Al-Shabaab militants attacked building with explosives , weapons Fighters blew themselves up ; building has been secured , police spokesman says Somali Prime Minister calls attack "  cowardly , despicable "
CNN  -- World No. 1 Tiger Woods has pulled out of this weekend 's AT&T National to ensure he is ready for next month 's British Open . The 14-time major winner has an ongoing left elbow injury which he first picked up on his way to winning last month 's Players Championship . Woods ' decision means he will not defend the title he won in 2012 . "  I was examined after I returned home from the U.S. Open , and the doctors determined I have a left elbow strain , " the 37-year-old told the PGA Tour 's official website . The British Open , which will be held at Muirfield , begins on July 18 . The American will be looking to win a first major title since the 2008 U.S. Open . Woods aggravated his injury at last week 's U.S. Open at Merion , which saw him finish 13-over par in a tie for 32nd position . It was his worst performance in 16 appearances at the tournament . "  I have been advised to take a few weeks off , rest and undergo treatment , " he added . "  I 'll be ready to go for the British Open , and I 'm looking forward to playing at Muirfield . "  I would like to extend my regrets to AT&T , our sponsors and the fans in the Washington , D.C. , area . "  The AT&T National means a lot to me and my foundation . It 's especially difficult not defending at my own tournament . It 's going to be a great event , and I look forward to being there to provide my support . " Woods has enjoyed a stellar 2013 so far , regaining his position at the top of the world rankings and winning four PGA Tour titles .	Tiger Woods pulls out of this weekend 's AT&T National tournament with an elbow injury The world No. 1 wants to be recovered for the forthcoming British Open Woods ' decision means he will not defend the title he won in 2012 The 2013 British Open begins at Muirfield on July 18
A controversial referendum on Catalonia 's future as part of Spain has again been put on hold by a court , just days before the planned vote on Sunday . Spain 's Consitutional Court on Tuesday suspended -- for the second time since September -- a referendum on independence for Catalonia , the wealthy , restive region in northeast Spain whose capital is Barcelona . The court said in a statement that it again suspended the referendum while it considers an appeal from the Spanish government that challenged the independence vote as "  unconstitutional . " Hundreds of thousands of Catalans have demonstrated in recent years for an independence referendum , and they closely watched the recent independence vote in Scotland . Even after Scotland voted to remain a part of the United Kingdom , many Catalans said the key issue was being allowed to vote in Catalonia on independence . But the Spanish government insists that the constitution does not permit just one of Spain 's 17 regions , such as Catalonia , to unilaterally break away . Catalonia represents about 20 % of Spain 's economy and already has broad home-rule powers , including its own parliament , police force and control over education and health . The region also has a long list of grievances with Madrid , including over taxation . The first showdown came in September , after the Catalan regional parliament approved a law allowing referendums , and then a decree by the Catalan president set November 9 as the date . The Spanish government appealed and the Constitutional Court accepted that for study , effectively suspending the vote . Next , the Catalan president said there would still be a referendum , but it would be less formal , so it would be permissible under the law . It would be called a "  consultation , " and would be conducted by volunteers at polling places , instead of the usual electoral officials . The court has now suspended that as well . Yet preparations continue for holding some kind of vote on Sunday in Catalonia . Citizens groups which have pushed hard to hold the referendum , and which also favor independence , sent notifications on Tuesday to news media about where to pick up accreditations in Barcelona in order to follow the election results on Sunday night . Polls indicate that a majority of Catalans want to have a chance to vote . Some polls show that less than a majority would vote for independence , given the chance . But a survey last week by the Catalan government 's polling center predicted a very close fight , with 49.4 % saying they would vote to break away from Spain .	The court 's decision is the second time the vote has been suspended The Spanish government calls the referendum unconstitutional Polls show Catalans want a chance to vote , but might not vote for independence
Former Defense Secretary Leon Panetta is the latest ex-Cabinet official in the Obama administration to publicly come out against President Barack Obama 's handling of Syria and Iraq . In an interview on CBS News ' "  60 Minutes " that aired Sunday evening , Panetta told Scott Pelley that he "  really thought that it was important for us to maintain a presence in Iraq . " The United States withdrew its last combat troops from Iraq in 2011 after an agreement could not be reached with Iraqi President Nuri al-Maliki about residual U.S. troops . Panetta also said that the President should have been more aggressive in aiding Syrian opposition fighters two years ago . He said that would have hindered ISIS ' rapid expansion of its reach and deadly influence . "  The real key was , how can we develop a leadership group among the opposition that would be able to take control ? And my view was to have leverage to do that , we would have to provide the weapons and the training in order for them to really be willing to work with us in that effort , " he said . Obama insists that arming the rebels sooner would n't have helped stop the rise of ISIS . But he now says arming rebels fighting the terror group is a good idea . Congress last week approved his request to provide anti-ISIS Syrian rebels with weapons . This is the second time in a week that Panetta has criticized the President 's handling of the latest foreign policy crisis , and he 's the second of Obama 's two former defense secretaries to publicly split with Obama after leaving the post . Robert Gates , Obama 's first defense secretary , who also served under President George W. Bush , has criticized Obama for his handling of Syria . Last week at a forum in Dallas , which Panetta also attended , Gates said , "  My bottom line is , I believe to blow a bunch of stuff up over a couple of days to underscore or validate a point or a principle is not a strategy . " Gates , a Republican , has not been shy about airing his disagreement with Obama 's policies . He gave a harsh critique in his memoir of the President 's handling of Afghanistan , and in a Washington Post interview in June , Gates said the Obama administration is to blame for "  a bit of neglect of Iraq after U.S. troops left . " Panetta is close with former President Bill Clinton and his wife , former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Long before he worked in the Obama administration as CIA director and then defense secretary , he served as Bill Clinton 's chief of staff in 1994 . Over the weekend , Bill Clinton said on CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " that he "  supported two years ago " his wife 's proposal "  to give more robust armed support to the Syrians . " Hillary Clinton is considering a presidential run in 2016 and has tried to distance herself from Obama 's foreign policy .	Obama 's former defense secretary splits with the President on Iraq and Syria Panetta is the second former Obama defense secretary to publicly criticize the President 's foreign policy Bill Clinton says he agreed with Hillary Clinton that Syrian rebels should have been armed sooner
CNET  -- Coming from a company known more for its plasma HDTVs , the Panasonic TC-32LX85 is a pleasant surprise in the 32-inch LCD category . Attractively designed and well appointed with generous connectivity , it is also a good performer overall , although by no means perfect . I was particularly impressed with the set 's color accuracy , which is something I really do n't expect from entry-level displays . Compared with the competition , the LC-32LX85 represents a compelling value in small LCD screens when you consider its performance characteristics . Design Basic in its design , but simultaneously elegant-looking , the TC-35LX85 has a glossy black finish , with a 3-inch-wide bezel surrounding the screen on all sides . It is a small and unobtrusive television that will fit into just about any decor nicely . Side panel AV inputs are neatly tucked away behind the right side of the screen . The remote control is identical to Panasonic 's current plasma line of HDTVs , with an excellent ergonomic design . It is on the large side , but slender enough to fit in the hand comfortably . Unfortunately , the remote is not backlit . The internal menu graphical user interface is also quite simple and intuitive to use and navigate . Features The Panasonic TC-32LCX85 's offers a fairly comprehensive feature package for an entry-level 32-inch LCD TV . Its native resolution is 1366x768 , or around 720p , whereas many higher-end models have a 1080p native resolution . At this screen size , however , the benefits of 1080p resolution are nearly impossible to discern with moving video , whether standard - or high-definition . If you plan on regularly using your 32-inch LCD TV as a computer monitor , however , you might want to consider a 1080p model . Picture adjustment options are OK , but not as extensive as found on the Samsung LN32A450 or LG32LG30 for example . Preset picture modes include Cinema , Game , Custom , Vivid , and Standard . Custom can be adjusted independently per input while the others can be tweaked as well and apply to every input . Selectable color temperatures include Warm , Normal , and Cool . The Backlight feature may be the most important in terms of optimizing the panel 's picture , as it helps it achieve reasonably deep black levels when lowered from its factory setting . Some dubious picture-adjusting features include Color Management and AI Picture , both of which should be shut off for optimum performance . AI is an auto-contrast feature that raises and lowers the light output of the panel depending on ambient room lighting . This ultimately makes black and white level a moving target , and both of these parameters really should remain constant . In the Advanced menu there are two varieties of noise reduction , called Video NR and MPEG NR , and for high-quality sources both should be turned-off . Black Level should be set to Light for full shadow detail , although intuitively I would think Dark would be correct .  Panasonic always had Lighter and Darker settings that were intuitively correct at 7.5 and 0 IRE respectively in their DVD players . Strangely , for their TVs , it is backward . Connection options are generous enough on the Panasonic , although unlike most other small-screen flat-panel sets it lacks a VGA-style PC input . The rear panel does have two HDMI inputs , one component video input , one AV input with a choice of either composite or S-Video , and one RF input . One set of analog audio outputs , and one digital optical audio output for routing sound to an external AV receiver are also on tap . Side panel inputs include one HDMI , and one set of AV inputs with composite video only , and an SD Card slot on the right side of the panel for viewing your digital photos . We 'd like to see a headphone jack on the side as well , but no dice . Performance The Panasonic LC-32LX85 is one of the better performers at its size in the entry-level , 720p-resolution LCD category . Color accuracy and black level performance are its main strengths , while color decoding and standard-definition processing are not . I did n't have to make too many adjustments during the user menu calibration to get the little TV looking its best . Since there are no custom color temperature controls in the user menu , I simply chose the best picture mode  Custom  and color temperature preset  Warm  and then tweaked the remainder of the basic picture controls . Afterward I was pleasantly surprised at the accuracy of the grayscale ; you can click here to access my full picture settings . For my comparison I looked at the Panasonic alongside the Sony KDL-32M4000 , the Westinghouse VK-40F580D and the Vizio VP322 , two LCDs and a 32-inch plasma respectively . Black level : Blacks are reasonably good for an inexpensive LCD flat-panel TV , and deeper than either the Sony or the Vizio , although not quite as deep as the Westinghouse . The Panasonic also delivers the blacker-than-black video signals that many more expensive displays can not , which helps lead to improved shadow detail . Chapter two of "  X-Men : The Last Stand " showed off the LC-32LX85 's compelling blacks very nicely . This high-contrast scene takes place at night , with bright explosions going off to provide a good look at an HDTV 's shadow detail capability . There was plenty of fine detail in the background dark areas of the picture . The black areas of the picture were deep , rich , and inky , and the scene was relatively free of low-level noise . Color accuracy : As you can see from the Geek Box , grayscale tracking in the Warm color temperature preset was impressive , and the primary colors of red , green , and blue also measured reasonably close to the HDTV standard , which is unusual even in some expensive flat-panel displays . Color decoding does push red a bit though , so we had to desaturate the color somewhat and remove some of the picture 's punch . Colors still appeared vibrant , however , and skin tones looked quite natural . Chapter four of the awesome transfer of "  I , Robot " proved an excellent scene to show off the Panasonic 's contrast ratio -- good blacks and whites creating a snappy picture -- as well as its accurate color reproduction . Video processing : Unlike most modern HDTVs the LC-32LX85 does n't accept 1080p sources , so my evaluation had to be with all HD sources set to 1080i . The set lacks an aspect ratio that provides for zero overscan , which would be a bigger issue if it were a 1080p resolution panel , but really is n't a big deal the panel has only a 720p resolution . The video processing does roll off the high-frequency video somewhat , a common flaw with many flat-panel sets on the market today . Uniformity : White-field uniformity was reasonably good on this panel , and that is saying something for an LCD . As you may know LCD display technologies , whether flat panel or projection , suffer from poor white-field uniformity . As a result you may see red and blue splotches in scenes that are primarily white like the ice in a hockey game or a movie like "  Ice Age . " This Panasonic , while not perfect , was better than most in this performance test . Standard-definition : The Panasonic is a mediocre performer with standard-def material . It did n't resolve every line of horizontal resolution according to the charts on the HQV disc , and as a result some images appeared a bit softer than normal . It did a below-average job of smoothing out jaggies on rotating diagonal lines , and there were a good number of such artifacts in a waving American flag . The set 's noise reduction , on the other hand , was very good at cleaning up moving motes in low-quality images of skies and sunsets , and the set engaged 2:3 pull-down detection quickly and effectively . PC : Absent a VGA-style PC input I attempted to test the Panasonic 's capability to handle digital signals from a PC via its HDMI jack . The best resolution the video card allowed was 1,280 x768 , which is short of the set 's native resolution , and there was enough overscan that important areas of the screen , including the Windows taskbar , were obscured . People who want a PC display should probably choose another set . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	As a 32-inch LCD TV , the Panasonic TC-32LX85 is a good overall performer It 's one of the better models at its size in the entry-level , 720p-resolution category Model delivers surprisingly impressive HD picture quality for a small-screen LCD But standard-def images look softer than normal
Fast Company  -- Forget Ashton Kutcher and Lady Gaga . On Twitter , mainstream media outlets such as CNN , the New York Times , and the BBC dominate trending topics . According to a new report by HP , trending topics are not determined by how many followers a user has or how prolific a tweeter that user is . After studying a sample of 16.32 million tweets during the fall of 2010 , researchers discovered that 22 users were the source of most trending topic retweets .  Roughly 31 % of tweets about a trending topic are retweets . Of these 22 influentials , 72 % were Twitter accounts run by traditional news organizations , including Reuters and the Washington Post , but other digital-age media outlets such as the Huffington Post were also featured on the top trenders list . While Lady Gaga did n't make the top rankings , what appears to be some knock-off Twitter feed run by "  Lady Gonga " did . We snooped around to learn more about @LadyGonga and top result @vovo - panico , but our Portuguese is a bit rough . We reached out to HP to find out why both accounts ranked among some of the world 's top news outlets ... stay tuned . However , the report found that social media is not a replacement for news information . "  Twitter users then seem to be acting more as filter and amplifier of traditional media in most cases , " said Bernardo Huberman , HP Senior Fellow and director of HP Labs ' Social Computing Research Group . This is especially true in the wake of the Egyptian unrest , when Twitter hashtags  #Mubarak , etc.  for the protests were constantly trending on Twitter , but filtering users to mainstream media outlets for the most breaking news . Appropriate for the 140-character format , Twitter trending topics disappear almost as fast as they come , suggesting users are hungry for more news . On average , according to HP 's report , 40 minutes is the longest time a topic will stay at the top of Twitter 's trends . Then how do you account for #JustinBieber ? Copyright © 2010 FastCompany.com , a unit of Mansueto Ventures , LLC . All rights reserved .	Major news organizations are frequently cited on Twitter during major events , a report says Trending topics are n't determined by how many followers a user has The report finds that social media is not a replacement for reporting news
CNN  -- Russia coach Guus Hiddink has been named as Turkey 's new national team manager after agreeing a two-year contract starting in August . The 63-year-old , who announced last week he was leaving his post with Russia after failing to win a place at the 2010 World Cup , will aim to guide Turkey through the upcoming qualifiers for Euro 2012 . The Dutchman had a short tenure at English Premier League club Chelsea in 2009 when he led the side to the Champions League semifinals and lost only one match during his 22 games in charge . The Turkish Football Federation announced on Wednesday that Hiddink will take over in August , having decided not to renew his contract with Russia which expires on June 30 . "  Turkish Football Federation president Mahmut Ozgener and TFF vice-president Lutfi Aribogan flew to Amsterdam to finalize the negotiations with Hiddink , " it said on its Web site . "  The experienced coach agreed to a two-year contract with an option for a further two years . " The TFF said former Turkey captain Oguz Cetin and ex-goalkeeper Engin Ipekoglu would be among Hiddink 's coaching staff , which will also include one of his fellow Dutchmen . Hiddink steered Russia to the semifinals of Euro 2008 , but last November his team were beaten in a World Cup qualifying playoff by Slovenia . He has previously managed club sides Real Madrid and Valencia as well as taking South Korea and the Netherlands to fourth place at World Cups in 2002 and 1998 , and Australia to the second round in 2006 . One of his most successful periods was at Dutch club PSV Eindhoven , where he won six domestic league titles and four cups . The Turkish national team has been without a coach since Fatih Terim 's departure in October , following a failed 2010 World Cup qualifying campaign . Turkey are in Group A for the Euro 2012 qualifiers with Germany , Austria , Belgium , Kazakhstan and Azerbaijan .	Russia coach Guus Hiddink has been named as Turkey 's new national football boss Hiddink will begin a two-year contract when his stint with Russia ends on June 30 The 63-year-old Dutchman has previously led Chelsea , Real Madrid and the Netherlands Turkey have been without a coach since Fatih Terim 's departure in October
New York  CNN  -- Did the Chinese government announce earlier this week that it would end its notorious detention system known as Re-Education Through Labor  RTL  ? On January 7 , Meng Jianzhu , the head of the powerful Political and Legal Committee of the Chinese Communist Party , reportedly announced that the government would "  stop using " the system , in which roughly 160,000 people are detained for up to four years without trial for "  crimes that are not severe enough to warrant a criminal sentence , " by the end of 2013 . After media outlets confirmed the news with officials who attended the meeting Meng spoke at , the original articles reporting the decision vanished from the Internet . A subsequent Xinhua news story watered down Meng 's statement , committing the government only to "  advancing reforms " of RTL -- which is old news -- a long-stated but never-implemented goal . This episode highlights three realities of China 's human rights situation : 1  the news is often not what it initially appears to be , especially if a key government decision is at stake ; 2  the new leadership is struggling to reply adequately to growing popular demand for reform ; and 3  changes to RTL , like other long-mooted reforms , might only be a cosmetic gesture , leaving intact laws and practices that violate domestic and international human rights standards . China 's new leaders have come to power during a serious legitimacy crisis , with a nation eager for political reforms . Indeed , party chief Xi Jinping has repeatedly vowed to "  deepen reform . " At the same time , there has been rising public discontent over local officials ' abuse of RTL to muzzle ordinary people seeking justice or criticizing the government . The system was further discredited by the recent detentions of Tang Hui , a mother seeking redress for the rape of her young daughter , and Ren Jianyu , a village official who posted negative comments online about the government . Meanwhile , the main obstacle to abolishing RTL , the Ministry of Public Security , which holds the unchecked power to detain individuals in these facilities , has seen its political clout diminished under the new leadership arrangement . The time for abolition of RTL appears ripe , but it 's unclear whether Xi is ready to move from talking about reforms to delivering them . As a type of arbitrary detention , RTL should not be reformed : it should be abolished outright . The tepid Xinhua announcement promising to "  reform " RTL suggests that instead of abolition , the government will merely tinker at the margins of the existing system . Fears this might be the case derive from the August 2012 announcement of a pilot scheme in four cities . Few details are available , except that the name of the system was revised from Re-education to "  Education and Correction , " and minor constraints on the police 's ability to impose these punishments were established . The debate in and outside of China this week echoes the 2003 debate about the abolition of "  Custody and Repatriation . " This system of administrative detention was designed to detain individuals found outside of their official location of residence  hukou  . It was similarly discredited and abolished after a series of abuses , the last straw being the beating and death of a young man in a Custody and Repatriation center in Guangzhou in March 2003 . The decision to get rid of the system was made at the beginning of the then-new leadership of Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao , and was perceived as a signal of reform . Yet the failure to match the end of Custody and Repatriation with a wholesale prohibition on arbitrary detention mitigated the benefits of its abolition . Migrant workers who had been prey for the system benefited from its abolition , but local governments soon found new ways to deal with the other category of people detained in Custody and Repatriation centers -- petitioners . Illegal and ad hoc "  black jails " were set up to prevent them from trying to reach higher authorities to denounce local official misconduct . The central government tolerates the existence of these patently unlawful black jails , demonstrating that it continues to lack commitment to ending arbitrary detention . Swapping one system of arbitrary detention for another would be a missed opportunity for the new leadership . Real change requires that the government abolish RTL , and establish in its place a new system to punish minor crimes that is consistent with the Chinese Constitution as well as its international human rights obligations , and pass the necessary legislation during the next National People 's Congress in March . The judiciary -- not the police -- should be responsible for considering charges , determining guilt , and assigning appropriate punishment . People who are accused must have the ability to confront and question their accusers , the right to counsel , and all fair trial guarantees . Anything short of this will not quench the public 's thirst for the "  deepening reform . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Maya Wang .	Chinese media recently said infamous 'Re - Education Through Labor ' system would be reformed HRW : Roughly 160,000 people are detained in China for up to four years without trial Maya Wang : Like other long-mooted reforms , this might only be a cosmetic gesture As a type of arbitrary detention , RTL should not be reformed , it should be abolished , she says
Rome  CNN  -- Pope Benedict 's butler has been arrested on suspicion of leaking confidential documents to an Italian journalist , the Vatican said Saturday . Paolo Gabriele , 46 , was arrested Wednesday for illegal possession of confidential documents , found in his apartment in Vatican territory , the Vatican said in a statement issued three days later . Gabriele , who has worked as the papal butler since 2006 , is one of only a handful of people with access to the pontiff 's private desk . His job included handing out rosaries to dignitaries and riding in the front seat of the "  Popemobile , " a vehicle used for public papal appearances , as seen in many photographs showing Gabriele with the pope . Last month , the Vatican gave Cardinal Julian Herranz a "  pontifical mandate " to uncover the source of hundreds of personal letters and confidential documents that have been released to Gianluigi Nuzzi , an Italian journalist and author of "  Sua Santita , " a book that translates to "  His Holiness " and includes the documents . Nuzzi would not confirm the identity of his sources , but he told CNN that his primary source -- who he referred to as "  Maria " in his book -- "  risked life and limb " if ever found out . The source worked inside the Vatican , according to Nuzzi , who refused to give other details such as the source 's gender , age and if he or she was clergy or not . Nuzzi told CNN that he has not been questioned in connection with the arrest . The Vatican called the publication of his book "  criminal " when it was released last Saturday in Italian . Feltrenelli and Mondadori booksellers both rank the book No. 1 in sales within Italy . Nuzzi 's book highlights an internal power struggle within the Vatican through numerous documents including faxes , personal letters and inter-Vatican memos . He told CNN that he received the documents during a year of private meetings in secret locations . The documents show that the allegations of corruption and money laundering were a concern for a number of high ranking prelates , including Carlo Maria Vigano , who is now the Papal Nuncio in Washington , DC . Vigano wrote in a series of letters to the pope that he was concerned about the spread of corruption and that his move to Washington would stir speculation . "  Holy Father , my transfer at this time would provoke much disorientation and discouragement in those who have believed it was possible to clean up so many situations of corruption and abuse of power that have been rooted in the management of so many departments , " according to his letter which was published in the book . The Vatican has not denied the authenticity of the documents , but instead says the breach of privacy is a criminal act . The 108-acre city-state has its own judicial system , distinct from the Italian judicial system . CNN senior Vatican analyst John Allen pointed out that its courts normally prosecute the likes of pickpockets , "  not alleged moles . " Thus , the Vatican does n't have facilities to incarcerate anyone on a long-term basis and the civil and criminal penalties it typically metes out are limited , Allen said Saturday . He speculated that , for these and other reasons , the Vatican may ask -- assuming that it determines there is enough evidence against Gabriele -- that any such trial occur within the Italian judicial system . "  The question then would become : Does the Italian government want to pick that  trial  up ? " said Allen , a senior correspondent for the National Catholic Reporter . "  In addition to being an embarrassing scandal for the Vatican on its own terms , this also has the potential to become ... a diplomatic contretemps . " For now , Gabriele is being held in a special cell within the Vatican City , a walled enclave within Rome , according to Vatican spokesman Federico Lombardi . Lombardi said the pope was "  saddened and shocked " at the arrest . The Vatican said the first phase of its preliminary investigation , under chief prosecutor Nicola Picardi , had now ended . An investigating judge , Piero Antonio Bonnet , is leading the next stage of the investigation , which could lead to a trial or acquittal . Gabriele has appointed two lawyers of his choice to act at the Vatican Tribunal , and has had a chance to meet them , the Vatican statement said . "  He enjoys all the legal guarantees provided by the criminal code and criminal procedure in force in the State of Vatican City , " it added .	NEW : Given its limited judicial system , the Vatican may ask Italy to handle the case Paolo Gabriele , the pope 's butler , is suspected of leaking confidential papers to the media Pope Benedict is "  saddened and shocked " at the arrest , the Vatican spokesman says A book based on the documents charts an internal power struggle within the Vatican
CNN  -- Caroline Wozniacki underlined her status as women 's top seed with a battling straight sets 6-3 6-4 victory over former champion Maria Sharapova in their last 16 clash at the U.S. Open on Monday . The 20-year-old Dane withstood the customary onslaught from Sharapova to emerge victorious after just under two hours of compelling action on the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court at Flushing Meadows . Sharapova , desperate for another grand slam title after clawing her way back up the rankings following shoulder surgery , made an impressive start but an astonishing string of double faults in the fourth game saw her fall 3-1 behind . In customary style she immediately broke back with her best tennis of the match , but then lost her own service again leaving Wozniacki to serve out for the first set . The second was again a tight and closely fought affair , but in the seventh game Sharapova chose the wrong moment for her ninth double fault and she was behind again . Wozniacki held to leave Sharapova to serve to stay in the championship and the former world number one was forced to bravely save a match point before closing to 4-5 . But Wozniacki , beaten by Kim Clijsters in last year 's final , made no mistake when she served for the match , closing it out with the first of two match points . It was her first win over former world number one Sharapova . She will now play Dominika Cibulkova in the quarterfinals after the Slovakian 's impressive 7-5 7-6 win over another former champion Svetlana Kuznetsova of Russia . Ranked 45 , Cibulkova is the lowest ranked player remaining in the draw , but performed well above her status to outlast Kuznetsova . Also through to quarterfinals is Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi , who came from a set down to beat Belgium 's Yanina Wickmayer 0-6 7-6 6-1 in a thriller on the Louis Armstrong Stadium Court . Wickmayer , a semifinalist at Flushing Meadows last year , looked to be cruising to victory as she swept the opening set without the loss of a game , but 31st seed Kanepi battled back to level on a tiebreaker and swept through the decider . Russia 's Vera Svonareva was also victorious on day eight , advancing 6-1 6-2 at the expense of Germany 's Andrea Petkovic . It was a comfortable win for the seventh seed , who will now play in her first U.S. Open quarterfinal .	Caroline Wozniacki beats Maria Sharapova in last 16 at U.S. Open Top seed wins 6-3 6-4 on the Arthur Ashe Stadium Court Outsider Kaia Kanepi and Dominika Cibulkova also into quarterfinals
CNN  -- The voice from the top of Formula One is ominous : "  Susie Wolff is good -- but will she ever be in a position to show how good she is ? " mused F1 's supreme leader Bernie Ecclestone in March . "  I doubt it . " For any team boss deciding whether to give a shot to a female driver , the evidence is clear . In the 50 years since a woman first stepped behind the wheel of an F1 car , the sum total of their achievements is half a championship point . Surely , say F1 's top men , there 's a reason why a woman ca n't race with the boys . Wolff , a development driver for the Williams team who is hoping to become the elite motorsport 's first female competitor in 20 years , has always been told why she wo n't make it . From fragile necks to lack of grit , team bosses and F1 luminaries have lined up to give their two cents about the female frailties that have prevented a woman driver from making the breakthrough into regular racing action . Giovanna Amati , the last to enter the championship in 1992 , did not start a race . Maria de Villota had seemed set to become the next , but suffered serious injuries in a crash during her first testing session for the Marussia team in 2012 , and she died just 15 months later . Two years after the Spaniard 's crash , all eyes will be on Wolff when she takes part in practice sessions at the British and German grands prix in July for the Williams team . The big question is , can a woman ever beat the boys at their own game ? ` She does n't have the strength ' "  I know that women have around 30 % less muscle than men , " says Wolff . "  And it was always one of the big reasons people said to me that I would n't be successful in F1 -- because I simply would n't be strong enough . " Former F1 chief doctor Gary Hartstein had a first-hand taste of the physical demands -- and neck-breaking sustained 3.5 G cornering forces -- while being taken for five laps in McLaren 's two-seater F1 car . "  I thought : if we were doing six laps , I 'd have to press the button that tells them ' I do n't want to do this anymore ! ' because my neck hurt so bad , " he recalls . Any driver , male or female , will need to undergo a grueling course of training to bulk up on core and upper body strength if they are to stand a chance of fighting for grand prix podiums . But after all that , wo n't women still trail behind the men ? "  In terms of strength : No . Forget it . There 's no hindrance there , " Hartstein says . "  That level of core and upper body strength is available to any woman that is prepared to put in the time . " It 's not something you need to tell Wolff . She says any doubts she had before her 89-lap test session at Silverstone last year faded fast . "  Already on my first lap out of the pits I knew it was going to be manageable , " she says . "  I think we are at a slight disadvantage in terms of physical strength but it 's something that can be overcome and it 's something that wo n't stop us being successful in F1 . " ` She wo n't be able to handle the pressure ' When 84-year-old racing legend Stirling Moss aired his thoughts about "  ladies " driving in F1 , he had no doubts that they could achieve the strength . He only worried they lacked the concentration , focus and "  mental aptitude " to "  race hard , wheel-to-wheel " with the top men . Wolff 's response was to "  cringe . " For her -- and many other observers -- the comments seemed typical of the offhand chauvinism which she has brushed aside on her way to the top levels of the sport . "  I think we 're in a different generation , " she courteously put it . But new evidence suggests not all stereotypes about the gender 's mental makeup are without justification . Hartstein considers the common one : that women are more maternal and men are more aggressive . "  I would have laughed about that a few years ago , " he says . "  But I think science is beginning to realize that the human brain and human behavior is dramatically affected by sex . "  There are behaviors that you can look at cross-culturally ... in general , men are more reckless more brazen , more risk-taking . " These gender-based differences in the brain could , in theory , he says , have an impact on those character traits that are necessary to succeed in motorsport , and to succeed on the track in any given race . But there is nothing to say any individual female driver will not match the aggression levels of even the most hot-headed male drivers , Hartstein says -- or indeed that calmer strategies will not ultimately prevail . And to put this unknown in context of the things we do know : when it comes to maintaining super-human levels of focus and concentration , female drivers have got all that it takes to challenge in F1 , he insists . Hartstein contends that this , too , has a basis in the physical and we can say from tests in marathon performance -- as a marker of aerobic conditioning -- that the best women are as good as the best men . For Wolff , all the talk of aerobic conditioning and gender based differences is just academic . "  I 'm incredibly lucky to be in a sport where when I put a helmet on and am out on the track , it does n't matter what my gender is , all that matters is my performance -- and that 's what it always comes down to in sport actually , your performance , " the 31-year-old says . ` She 'll never get the cash ' But for Ecclestone , there 's more to it than that . Inevitably , there 's also the question of money . "  The big problem with a woman , even if she 's good enough , is having the opportunity to show that , " Ecclestone said in an interview with The Sydney Morning Herald . "  Because a team wo n't take a woman driver unless they bring them massive sponsorship . " With all the positive publicity that has surrounded Wolff 's rise and rise , you 'd think that advertisers would be falling over themselves to be associated with her . "  Generally speaking , women in sport are certainly an attractive proposition for sponsors as they are often seen as more likeable and trusted , compared to their male counterparts , " agrees Nigel Geach , senior vice-president of motorsport at market research company Repucom . But consider Williams ' chief sponsor Martini : would its advertising -- heavy on retro "  Mad Men " - style imagery and male seduction fantasies -- make sense with a no-nonsense female driver behind the wheel ? Geach talks about "  new examples of sponsorship activation " -- new , less macho brands becoming involved with the sport 's female drivers . But , there 's a catch : "  Drivers must first convince investors that they are capable of vying for the points during the F1 season , " he says . Understandably , no brand wants their name to be seen on the side of a last-place car -- but this is a promise that can rarely be given , even when a prospective competitor has cleaned up in other race categories . Add to that the sport 's danger -- made clear by the tragic crash suffered by de Villota , once the most visible female face of F1 , before her death last year -- and here the inevitable boon of publicity works against a trailblazing woman driver . If everyone 's watching you , no-one will miss you pulling in last , or getting hurt . Whether Wolff is the woman to show that female drivers really can be banked on , no-one wants to guess . But she is happy to show patience and wait for a chance to come her way : "  There 's no pushing women in to get the quota higher , it 's simply happening in an organic way , " says the Scot -- who is married to Toto Wolff , executive director at the dominant F1 team this season , Mercedes , and a shareholder at Williams . "  I think what it takes now is for women to be on the grid , racing . Little girls will be inspired by that and get racing , then you get the best girls rising to the top , and that 's when you get future champions . " Follow the latest action with CNN 's essential F1 guide	Susie Wolff is set to become F1 's first female driver in 20 years Big names have questioned women 's ability to compete at the top level Physical strength , mental attributes and money worries are among factors We talk to Susie Wolff and F1 doctor Gary Hartstein about the possibility of a female champion
Washington  CNN  -- Central American leaders signaled to President Barack Obama they 're working on a "  comprehensive plan " to address the underlying reasons for the surge of immigrant youth from their countries who are entering the United States illegally . The presidents of El Salvador , Honduras and Guatemala met with Obama at the White House on Friday as Washington struggles to find a solution to what many consider a humanitarian crisis . The influx this year of tens of thousands of child immigrants , many unaccompanied , has become a partisan flashpoint on the already divisive issue of reforming a U.S. immigration system that all sides agree is broken . Obama and Presidents Otto Perez Molina of Guatemala , Juan Orlando Hernandez of Honduras , and Salvador Sanchez Ceren of El Salvador issued a statement that reiterated "  our commitment to prevent families and children from undertaking this dangerous journey and to work together to promote safe , legal , and orderly migration . " They "  all agreed that an effective solution requires a comprehensive and joint effort " from those countries , other nations in the region and the United States , they said . Specifically , the Central American presidents "  indicated " to Obama that they were working on a plan to address the root causes of why people are leaving their countries . Underlying causes Part of that , all at the meeting agreed , must address strategies for reducing crime and promoting greater social and economic opportunity . Priorities include pursuing criminal enterprises "  that are exploiting this uniquely vulnerable population " and the need to discourage use of "  smuggling networks " that place immigrants at "  high risk of violent crime and sexual abuse . " Obama and the others also pledged to redouble efforts to counter misinformation about U.S. deportation policy around young immigrants that some say is fueling the surge , and promised to further efforts to "  humanely repatriate migrants , consistent with due process . " Most ca n't stay Obama told the Central American leaders that most of the child migrants crossing the border illegally now wo n't be permitted to stay . Some have been deported already , while most are being allowed to stay temporarily while their immigration status is sorted out . Also being discussed within the Obama administration has been a pilot program that would let the United States assess asylum claims in those countries in order to reduce the number of illegal immigrants . But Obama sought to play down that option as an answer . "  There may be some narrow circumstances in which there is humanitarian or refugee status that a family might be eligible for . If that 's the case it would be better for them to apply in country rather than take a very dangerous journey all the way up to Texas to make those same claims , " Obama said . But he added that potential applicants would still have to meet the same criteria to qualify . "  Under U.S. law , we admit a certain number of refugees from all over the world based on some fairly narrow criteria and typically refugee status is not just based on economic need or because a family lives in a bad neighborhood or in poverty it 's typically defined fairly narrowly , " he said . The White House previously called the idea premature . But spokesman Josh Earnest said before Friday 's meeting that it could be extended to other countries , if successful . Struggling for a solution The administration and Congress have struggled in recent weeks to come to a consensus on how to address the surge that has overwhelmed border and immigration services . Obama has asked Congress for $ 3.7 billion in emergency funds for border efforts , while Republicans and some Democrats in Congress are resisting that proposal , and offering alternatives that would spend less and change immigration policy to deport kids faster . Either way , Obama and others are concerned that lawmakers will leave at the end of next week for their August recess without approving a fix . House Republicans are expected to vote on a scaled-down border bill next week . It would provide less than $ 1 billion to address the crisis and would modify a 2008 law to make it easier to deport children from Central America who enter the United States illegally . Currently , kids who enter the country illegally from Central America can stay until they receive an immigration hearing . That process can take months or years . The proposal to alter that law all but ensures the bill will not come to a vote in the Senate , where Democrats are opposed to tagging that change to a funding bill of its own for the border crisis . Democrats worry that accelerating the process will result in many falling through the cracks and being sent back to situations characterized by many as violent situations in their countries . Guard troops to border The administration also is considering sending National Guard troops to the border , according to a White House official , just days after Texas Gov. Rick Perry said he would do just that in the Rio Grande Valley area . Immigrants or refugees ? The Pentagon and the Department of Health and Human Services sent a team this week to assess Border Patrol efforts in the Rio Grande Valley . The number of unaccompanied minors seeping through that area has slowed dramatically since last month . Key questions about Rick Perry 's border plan CNN 's Dana Bash , Jim Acosta , Halimah Abdullah , Kevin Liptak and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : Central American leaders meet with Obama on youth migrant surge NEW : They say they 're working on a plan to address underlying cause of migration The Obama administration is buoyed by slight slowing of migrant kids at the border Congress working on scaled-back plan , but House and Senate divided on approach
CNN  -- The transition of science-fiction gadgets into scientific reality is seldom a simple process . More than 20 years on from the Back to the Future trilogy and a breakthrough in hoverboard technology is still eagerly anticipated -- not to mention anything close to "  Doc " Brown 's time-traveling DeLorean car . But a new research body at Arizona State University is aiming to bridge the gap between the lab and the most evocative inventions of the sci-fi genre . The Center for Science and the Imagination  CSI  , which opened last month , will bring sci-fi writers into collaboration with inventors , engineers and technologists . See also : How search for aliens can sustain life on earth The goal is to create a network hub for so-called "  moon shot " ideas , where scientists and artists can meet , converse and potentially put their ideas into practice . Corporations , including computer-tech behemoth , Intel , and publisher , HarperCollins are already involved with the group 's early endeavors . "  It 's an unusual thing for a university to do because it brings together a variety of different people who would n't usually work together , " says CSI director , Ed Finn . "  We want to create conversations that cut across all these different boundaries and get people thinking in a more expansive way about their own work . " One of the center 's first projects has pitched acclaimed sci-fi writer , Neal Stephenson , with ASU professor and structural engineer , Keith Hjelmstad . Stephenson is a chief proponent of the dark sci-fi genre , Cyberpunk , and has spoken publicly and passionately about arresting the malaise he believes has stunted the imagination of American science and science fiction . The pair have so far probed the viability of a 20-kilometer tall steel tower that could launch vehicles into space more efficiently . While this may not be a project that can instantly deliver practical results , the hope is it will encourage scientists and sci-fi writers to think big and pose each other challenging questions . "  This is really what the whole Center for Science and the Imagination is all about , " says Hjelmstad . "  The writers of science fiction or any writers for that matter are very different from the usual crowd that I hang with . " See also : Scientists to stimulate human brain inside supercomputer "  People from outside engineering will toss in very basic questions that specialists will often forget to ask , in this case ` how high is the tallest structure you can build ? ' " "  It was incredibly interesting for me to consider the open question : ` what can you do with structures ? ' which I had n't really done before . " As it turns out , Hjelmstad 's concludes that a 20-kilometer tall tower is possible but would likely never be built due to the resources required  some 55 million tons of steel , he says  and financial costs involved . For companies such as Intel however , solutions that can be immediately put into practice are not as important as the dialogues and ideas these inter-disciplinary interactions encourage -- for now at least . The technology giant is working with the CSI to create the Tomorrow Project USA , a new website designed to engender expert conversation on the future of subjects such as sustainability , energy and education . "  In science fiction writing and the conversations , you can explore how the technology can impact in both positive and negatives ... showing us the kinds of future we want and -LSB- just -RSB- as importantly the kind we do n't want , " says Steve Brown , Intel 's mystically titled technology evangelist . "  It also allows -LSB- us to play -RSB- with the moral and ethical consequences for the technologies as well , " Brown adds . Other projects in the pipeline at the center include a plan to design the ideal city of the future , drawing contributions from writers , engineers and urban designers . In the coming years meanwhile , the talents of other artists including musicians , painters , actors , dancers and those in the performance arts will be harnessed , predicts Finn . See also : $ 1 billion project to reach Earth 's mantle But as scientists , engineers and tech corporations benefit from opening their disciplines to exciting new ways of thinking , what 's in it for the writers and artists ? According to Kathryn Cramer , a sci-fi author and editor of Hieroglyph -- an anthology project that will compile conversations of scientists and authors at ASU for publication by HarperCollins -- the center will help inform a more realistic and artistically rich genre of sci-fi . "  For authors , having the contact with -LSB- scientists -RSB- allows for further refinement of their ideas into something that is potentially more workable , " says Cramer . Some writers may already undertake such processes by themselves but by formalizing this relationship , Cramer believes a more fluent and rewarding conversation between science and sci-fi will arise . Like Hjelmstad , Brown and Finn before her however , Cramer tempers expectations by stating that the practical implementation of these ideas will likely have to wait . "  I do n't think you can guarantee that the project will come up with ideas that can be put towards venture capitalists and off we go tomorrow . But science fiction has a proven ability to inspire scientists and start technological innovation , " Cramer explains . "  It 's worth doing but one should bear in mind that , in the past , where there have been ideas that have worked there has also been a sea of ideas that did n't work . " See also : Where data meet diction -- science and science fiction 's dialogue	New research body at Arizona State University aims to bridge gap between the lab and sci-fi inventions Center for Science and the Imagination  CSI  brings creative thinkers into collaboration with scientists Academic , private corporations and non-profit stakeholders involved in the project "  Science fiction has a proven ability to inspire scientists and start technological innovation , " sci-fi author says
CNN  -- A Scotsman providing free daily meals to 400,000 children , a former child soldier clearing land mines in Cambodia and a Texas builder giving injured vets mortgage-free homes are among the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 . The top 10 -- remarkable individuals nominated by viewers for their sacrifices and accomplishments -- have been revealed by CNN 's Anderson Cooper . This year marks CNN 's fourth annual global search for everyday individuals changing the world . Since January , the network has aired weekly profiles of CNN Heroes , chosen from more than 10,000 nominations submitted by viewers in 100 countries . In their own words : The top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 A panel comprised of luminaries recognized for their own dedication to public service selected this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes . The blue ribbon panel includes humanitarians , activists and philanthropists such as Muhammad Ali , Sir Richard Branson and Yo-Yo Ma . Meet the blue ribbon panelists In addition to receiving $ 25,000 , each of this year 's top 10 CNN Heroes will be honored at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " airing at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on Thanksgiving night , November 25 . The global broadcast , hosted by Cooper at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles , California , will culminate with the announcement of the CNN Hero of the Year , selected by the public in an eight-week online poll . The individual receiving the most votes will receive an additional $ 100,000 . Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2010 , in alphabetical order : Guadalupe Arizpe De La Vega founded a hospital in Juarez , Mexico , that cares for about 900 people daily -- regardless of their ability to pay . Despite the escalating violence in the city , the 74-year-old travels there several times a week to make sure residents get the care they need . Learn more about Guadalupe Susan Burton was once caught in a cycle of addiction and incarceration . Today , her nonprofit A New Way of Life Reentry Project provides sober housing and other support services to formerly incarcerated women in California . Learn more about Susan With her weight-loss challenge , Shape Up Vicksburg , Linda Fondren is helping her Mississippi hometown battle the bulge . Through free fitness activities and nutrition classes , residents have lost nearly 15,000 pounds to date . Learn more about Linda Anuradha Koirala is fighting to prevent the trafficking and sexual exploitation of Nepal 's women and girls . Since 1993 , she and her group , Maiti Nepal , have helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 12,000 victims . Learn more about Anuradha Narayanan Krishnan brings hot meals and dignity to India 's homeless and destitute -- 365 days per year -- through his nonprofit Akshaya Trust . Since 2002 , he has served more than 1.2 million meals . Learn more about Narayanan Since 1992 , Magnus MacFarlane-Barrow has dedicated his life to helping people in need . Today , his program , Mary 's Meals -- run from a tin shed in the Scottish highlands -- provides free daily meals to more than 400,000 children around the world . Learn more about Magnus Harmon Parker is using his masonry skills to save lives . Since 1997 he has helped build 45 footbridges over perilous rivers in Kenya , protecting people from flash floods and predatory animals . The bridges also connect isolated villagers to valuable resources . Learn more about Harmon Aki Ra is helping to make his native Cambodia safer by clearing land mines -- many of which he planted years ago as a child soldier . Since 1993 , he and his Cambodian Self Help Demining organization have cleared about 50,000 mines and unexploded weapons . Learn more about Aki Ra Evans Wadongo , 23 , invented a way for rural families in Kenya to replace smoky kerosene and firelight with solar power . Through his Use Solar , Save Lives program , he 's distributed an estimated 10,000 solar lanterns for free . Learn more about Evans Since 2005 , Texas home builder Dan Wallrath has given injured Iraq and Afghanistan veterans homes of their own -- mortgage-free . He and his Operation Finally Home team have five new custom homes under construction . Learn more about Dan	Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2010 revealed by CNN 's Anderson Cooper on CNN.com The top 10 will be honored at a tribute show hosted by Cooper airing Thanksgiving night At the culmination of the show , Cooper will announce the CNN Hero of the Year
CNN  -- The U.N. peacekeeping chief says Syria is now in a civil war . Some experts agree with U.N. official Herve Ladsous that the war-torn country has reached that chilling milestone . Others say the country is hurtling in that direction . The conflict began in March 2011 when a fierce Syrian government crackdown on peaceful protesters morphed into a bloody government uprising . Stephen Biddle , Roger Hertog Senior Fellow for Defense Policy at the Council on Foreign Relations , said popular conversation about civil war tends to be dominated by images of the U.S. Civil War , and it conjures a vague picture of a "  really bad conflict . " But the rigorously defined scholarly meaning of civil war fits Syria now , just as it applied to Iraq last decade , he said . U.N. report : Syrian children tortured , used as human shields "  A civil war is a conflict in which at least one side is a non-state actor , with at least 1,000 total battle deaths and at least 100 on each side , " he said . Anuradha Chakravarty , assistant professor of political science at the University of South Carolina , cites a similar threshold and notes that the estimates of 10,000 to 14,000 battle-related deaths so far in Syria fulfills the definition . She said the definition has "  little to do with the growing use recently of attack helicopters " to wage war . "  Syria did not start out as a case of civil war because the opposition to the government mainly took the form of a popular uprising in March 2011 , " she said . "  However , later that year , the Free Syrian Army and its organization of an armed rebellion against the government  in defense of the civilian uprising  fulfilled at least the most basic criterion of a civil war -- the armed confrontation between a rebel group and the government . Thus , Syria turned into a civil war situation much earlier than recent observations by the U.N. would suggest . " Like other civil wars , she said the situation has "  notable international dimensions , " with reports of Russian military support for the regime and reports of the United States , Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Turkey backing the rebels . Syria 's government on Thursday rejected the claim , saying "  Syria is not witnessing a ` civil war ' but rather a struggle to uproot the plague of terrorism . " But Chakravarty said an "  important difference that the ` civil war ' label makes is that the Assad regime can not credibly claim that it is only a sectarian conflict or that this is a terrorist struggle against the people of Syria . It is squarely an armed attempt by non-state groups  who define themselves mostly in a non-sectarian manner , and claim to speak in the name of the people  to overthrow the government , and fight for territorial control . " James Fearon , a professor of political science at Stanford University , defines a civil war as "  an armed conflict within a country between organized groups who are fighting to control the central government or over control of a region . " The Syrian conflict "  has qualified as a civil war for a while now , " he said . He cited the same academic thresholds that political scientists and sociologists use for a civil war : 1,000 killed in a conflict 's duration or 1,000 killed per year , but added : "  How many is enough to qualify is matter of opinion , and this arbitrariness might be the source of some of the disagreement about whether Syria , etc , is having a civil war or not . " It does n't matter how much of the country is in conflict for unrest to be defined as a civil war , he said . "  For instance , we call the conflict in the U.S. in the first part of the 1860s a civil war , even though things were entirely peaceful in almost all of the North , " he said . Syria : Battle for the cities Two organized forces facing off against each other is also a necessary part of the definition , said Joseph Holliday , a researcher at the Institute for the Study of War . In Syria , there have been sectarian tensions between the Sunnis and the Alawites , with the opposition overwhelmingly Sunni and the pro-government Alawites , who dominate the regime of Bashar al-Assad , also an Alawite . "  When you let the sectarian genie out of the bottle , it 's hard to put back in , " Fearson said . He said the opposition fighters are becoming an organized militia force . The pro-regime Shabiha militias , dominated also by Alawites , are becoming more significant , signaling an erosion in the government 's chain of command . "  I think Syria is a civil war or has all of the components to become one in the future . " Michael Weiss , a Syria expert at the Henry Jackson Society , said parts of Syria are in civil war . "  Civil war suggests the previous state that exists all but failed and collapsed , " he said . In some regions , the government lacks control and there is a "  growing equalization " of forces , he said . Steven Heydemann , senior adviser for Middle East initiatives at the U.S. Institute for Peace , said the regime 's tactics , the escalation in violence and a growing supply of weapons to the opposition indicate the conflict is moving closer to a civil war . While there are "  some isolated areas in Syria where conditions have crossed the threshold for civil war , " Syria has not yet "  crossed that threshold with respect to the conflict as a whole . " He used Lebanon and Libya as the model for civil war . In Lebanon during the 1980s , the state collapsed and "  we saw a proliferation of armed groups across society in multiple directions " in a society with no controlling authority , Heydemann said . During last year 's civil war in Libya , there were two competing armed forces , with the quality of weapons and the scale of the units largely comparable on each side . "  Neither of those conditions exist in Syria , " he said . The regime commands armed forces totaling about 200,000 troops and has ample resources such as tanks and helicopters , he said . The armed opposition is basically a "  localized insurgency , " much smaller , poorly equipped and trained and "  not integrated into any coherent command and control structure . " So while the conflict between these forces does not constitute a civil war at the moment , said Heydemann , the pace and intensity of opposition activity could change that . Jeff White , a defense fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy , said Syria is edging toward civil war , but is not there yet . "  My definition of civil war is a situation which is characterized by conflict between two , or more , segments of society . I still see the situation in Syria as one of fundamentally an armed and unarmed insurrection against the government . That is , the people are fighting the state , not each other . " That said , the elements of civil war are taking hold . "  The regime is heavily , perhaps increasingly reliant on Alawite fighters both within the regular military and in its irregular forces . The regime has also begun using Alawite villagers in attacks on neighboring Sunni towns and villages . There are also reports of Sunni retaliation for attacks . This is the kind of activity that creates its own dynamic and can spread easily , " he said . The tipping point could be a "  tipping period . " That would be when "  communal violence increases in scope and intensity until it dominates the situation , " White said . "  We will know it when we see it ; but things to look for would include : organized and directed violence by one sect against another  as opposed to spontaneous actions  , declarations by community political and religious leaders that the enemy is the other sect  as opposed to ` Bashar 's dogs/pigs ' and ` terrorists '  , cleansing of areas , organization of irregular forces along sectarian lines , regime arming of Alawite villages for ` defense ' against Sunnis , breakdown of Syrian military forces along sectarian lines . We have bits and pieces of this now , and the bits and pieces seem to be accumulating . " The rhetoric used to describe the conflict has important meaning . The term "  civil war " can change the dynamics of a conflict . "  In the Iraq war , the Bush administration did n't want the conflict described as a civil war because it feared that this would increase public opposition -- if it 's a civil war , then it 's their business and we should n't bother with it , or expect to be able to fix it , " Fearon said . "  In the Syria case , it is the advocates of greater intervention  and/or greater pressure on Russia  who are saying ` It may be soon be a civil war , ' by which they mean ` This is really bad and we have to do something about it , ' " he said . White said defining a conflict as a civil war has political implications . "  There is always reluctance to get involved in a civil war . So defining it so supports non-intervention . It also tends to spread the blame for violence more or less evenly across the parties . It is much easier to get behind an insurrection than take sides in a civil war . " Chakravarty said once a conflict is deemed a civil war , it can compel "  more assertive forms of actions from various international actors concerned about their interests in the country . " This could be in the form of international intervention and heightened diplomatic efforts at negotiation , she said . Heydemann said the specter of a civil war could increase pressure on policy makers to act so decisively that incremental measures to deal with the conflict might be "  left by the wayside . " Also , he said , the international community has been reluctant to support the opposition because it would contribute to instability , international spillover , the presence of jihadists , and the militarization of the opposition . Now that all of those factors have emerged , they might determine that "  some form of engaging " would be the response to a civil war . Holliday said labeling a conflict as a civil war matters politically , but he does n't know how much it alone would make a difference . He cited the slaughter of civilians in the Bosnian town of Srebrenica , which helped prompt international involvement in that civil conflict in the 1990s . "  The instances of sectarian violence against civilians will make a difference , " he said . "  That type of thing is the biggest factor to push toward U.S. involvement . " U.S. says Russian attack helicopters on way to Syria Syrian opposition cites indiscriminate firing from helicopters	Scholars say Syrian conflict fits definition of a civil war Some analysts believe the trajectory is pushing Syria toward civil war Syria is unlike Libya last year and Lebanon in the 1980s , an analyst said President Bush did n't want "  civil war " used to describe Iraq , one professor said
This story is part of an ongoing series of profiles by CNN about economic survival in this time of financial crisis . Jean Lindsay records a video telling people to get out of their nightgowns and look for work . CNN  -- Jean Lindsay , a spunky 67-year-old with two masters ' degrees , panicked after she failed to land a job in the garden center of a Lowe 's home-improvement store . She started to wonder whether a woman of her age ever would be able to find work . She worried about her debt , and weeks of unemployment were turning into months . After the job interview , she stayed up most of the night in the fits of an anxiety attack -- vomiting and huddling under the bedcovers with her two dogs . "  God , I felt like I was falling off the ends of the earth , " she said . A few days later , though , she tossed on a red sweater , plopped down in front of her computer , flipped on her Web camera -- and , suddenly , while streaming her story onto the Internet , things seemed OK . "  I know I can count on you to send me great letters of support and cheer , " Lindsay told viewers on CNN 's iReport.com . "  And remember , if you 're going through this , I 'm going through it too . There are lots of us going through this . " Watch Lindsay 's post For Lindsay , like many people these days , the Internet has become both a tool for economic recovery and a cure for isolation . iReport.com : Share your survivor story At a time when the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics says that 1.07 million people 55 and older are unemployed and looking for work , the Internet is an increasingly useful tool for older people looking for jobs and a sense of community , said Deborah Russell the AARP 's director of workforce issues . "  It 's a great way of being able to network with people who are either in a similar situation or who may have some resources to help you , " she said . The number of people who need this help is on the rise . Some older people are delaying retirement because of the economic recession ; and , according to an analysis by the AARP Public Policy Institute , those who are looking for work typically search for about a third longer than people younger than 55 . Watch how one senior goes back to school for a living " Lindsay had been out of work for about three months before her brother gave her a Web camera for Christmas last year . Almost immediately , she was hooked . Her brother intended her to use the Web cam mostly to communicate with family members who are spread out across the country , she said . But Lindsay did n't stop there . She got a creative jolt from filming quirky videos of her own . So , she started posting video monologues for the Internet world to see . In the past three weeks , she 's posted nearly 40 videos on iReport . Her most popular video -- in which she talks about depression while wearing a plaid nightgown -- has been viewed by more than 140,000 people . "  I was in my nightgown at noon , and I was n't getting at the job search very fast , and I thought , ` this is instructive , ' " she said , laughing . She signs off from the video simply : "  Get up , and get out ! " Watch Lindsay 's tips for getting out of the house Her own advice compelled her to do the same . Lindsay says sharing her failures as well as successes online is cathartic , but she also hopes it 's helpful for people in similar circumstances . She 's not shy about saying that she suffers from mild bipolar disorder . This economy can push people into depression and mental illness , she said , and she wants people to know they 're not alone . The same goes for her job search . "  This has really invigorated me , " she said of her forays with a virtual persona . "  It 's something where I 've had success . And the job search is not always successful -- it 's dealing with a lot of rejection , especially when you 're older . " On iReport , Lindsay posts under the name "  infoaddict , " which seems fitting for a former librarian and information technology expert with masters ' degrees in literature and library information sciences . Like a good book , Lindsay says the Internet also opens new worlds for her . While she 's not sure exactly how , she has a sense that all of her online storytelling will help her in the job search . If nothing else , the online videos market her computer skills , she said . Dan Beach , Lindsay 's second cousin , who lives in Florida , said Skype , social media sites and online video have been "  a salvation " for Lindsay . "  Frankly , I think she was very , very depressed . And I think this has brought her out enormously , " he said . The 72-year-old added : "  It helps an older person feel younger because there is so much youth -LSB- online -RSB- . I 've done the Facebook thing in the past couple of months myself . " At first , Lindsay 's online presence surprised him . "  She 's gotten so much response to it , and I 'm wondering whether she might try to make something out of that , " he said . "  She 's just the dotty aunt enough to be able to do that kind of thing . She 's a charming person . " iReport.com : Send us your job hunt stories Lindsay , who said she needs a job because she has home-improvement debt and ca n't sell her house in this slumped market , said she is able to keep hunting for jobs partly because of her creative outlet online . She grew up loving to help her grandfather on his farm . Together , they would build manure loaders and chicken pluckers -- machines Lindsay found fascinating . Those experiences translated into her love for hardware stores , gardening and gadgetry . "  I love hardware stores , so Lowe 's would have been perfect . I 'm just a crazy old lady , I 've just got catholic taste , " she said . But she believes that something better than Lowe 's is out there . She plans to apply to an office-supply store , an electronics store and for a telecommunications job she could do from her home in western New York . "  There is a real Catch-22 for people my age who are still hale and hearty and still have some talent left . We 're probably fooling ourselves that we can go on and do anything , " she said , "  but we ca n't live that way . " Her online life helps ensure she wo n't have to .	Jean Lindsay , 67 , uploads videos about her struggles finding a job Lindsay says support from her online viewers keeps her moving Her advice to depressed older people who are out of work : "  Get up , and get out ! " Web skills are increasingly important in today 's job market , AARP says
CNN  -- "  Lone Survivor , " based on the true story of an ambushed Navy SEAL team in Afghanistan , was the No. 1 movie in America last weekend . If you have n't seen it , go see it . The movie reminded me of a phrase , "  citizenship on the cheap , " which has haunted me since I heard retired Army Gen. Stanley McChrystal utter it last summer . He was launching the Franklin Project , an ambitious initiative to expand national service in America . But he was talking about something deeper -- the widening divide between civilians and those coming out of the military . Because the Iraq and Afghanistan wars have been fought by an all-volunteer force , the great majority of Americans have only passing acquaintance with the sacrifices of national defense . Most Americans have not been asked to do anything more for their country during wartime than to thank the troops . That 's why McChrystal has called for a rapid expansion of voluntary civilian service programs like AmeriCorps , so more civilians join those who serve in uniform . I could n't agree more . I 'd go further , in fact , and mandate national service , whether military or civilian . That , however , is a pipe dream when our nation ca n't even fully tolerate mandatory health insurance coverage . How , then , can American society aspire to something greater than citizenship on the cheap ? Perhaps the answer lies not in trying to make more Americans serve but in enabling more veterans to serve in new ways when they come home . There are more than 2.6 million Iraq and Afghanistan veterans today . As our country 's longest wars wind down , a million more are expected to return . These are people with leadership skills , professionalism , experiences solving complex problems under high stress while keeping a larger mission in mind . Think America could use a few  million  good men and women like that ? Meet two of them , Rodrigo Garcia of Student Veterans of America and Chris Marvin of Got Your 6 . Got Your 6 is military parlance for "  got your back " and Marvin , a former Army Blackhawk pilot , founded this national campaign to bridge the military-civilian divide . It activates celebrities , social media , political and cultural leaders , and every other resource available to advance a simple message : Veterans are assets . This may seem obvious . But consider the two dominant images of veterans in everyday culture , from movie screens to school assemblies to corporate advertising . One is the hero . The other is the victim . The hero narrative portrays veterans as Medal of Honor winners with superhuman courage , amputees undaunted by their disabilities , and , yes , lone survivors of hellish battles . The victim story portrays veterans as sufferers of post-traumatic stress disorder , wounded warriors betrayed by bureaucracy , combat leaders now left homeless and jobless . To be clear , both narratives have a basis in reality . More veterans than can be counted have indeed been damaged by war , and more than can be counted are indeed heroes of war . They have earned every bit of support , care , honor and gratitude we offer them -- and often more . But the hero and victim portrayals emphasize two messages : that vets belong on a pedestal , and that vets need your compassion . The veterans I know are looking for a third message : Vets can be great citizens back home . Consider Garcia , from Student Veterans of America , a Marine veteran who in the crowded years since his deployments has gone to graduate school , started businesses , led Student Veterans of America 's expansion to many hundreds of campuses nationwide , and helped run a state veterans affairs department . The question for civilians is how to create more channels for people like Garcia to continue being contributors and leaders in public service -- not as pilots or infantry commanders but as candidates for office or school principals or heads of nonprofits . How we do this is simple . We just do it . We foster relationships between veterans and civilians . We hire , connect , mentor and invest in veterans . We support organizations like The Mission Continues and Team Rubicon that plug veterans into community service . We learn from them about how to show up for others . It 's often said that "  freedom is n't free . " That 's true . Freedom is dear . So is great citizenship , and so is deep gratitude . If we truly want to thank veterans for their service , let 's make sure each one who returns from war is empowered to be an integrated , vital part of their community 's social fabric and civic life . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eric Liu .	Eric Liu : The two dominant images of veterans in everyday culture are hero or victim Liu : Veterans want to be known for being great citizens back home He says we should hire , connect , mentor , empower and invest more in veterans Liu : Let 's also consider mandating national service , whether military or civilian
CNN  -- A man in northern Idaho says he has seen a massive hand of God in his life , and he is willing to share it with the highest bidder . Paul Grayhek says the "  Hand of God " appeared in his backyard in March . Paul Grayhek , 52 , listed the rock formation he dubbed the "  Hand of God Rock Wall " on the online auction Web site eBay . The highest bid was $ 250 early Sunday , with three days left to go in the auction . The hand-like formation , approximately 9 feet tall and 4 feet wide , appeared in Grayhek 's backyard after a rockfall during Lent on March 8 , he said . The Coeur d'Alene resident said he faced tough times after losing his job , and believed the rock was a sign . "  I prayed between licking my wounds and looking for a job , " he said . "  We rarely get rockfalls and this formation is 20 feet from my house . It 's definitely a symbol of the hand of God in my life . " However , the winning bidder on eBay should not start clearing out his backyard . Grayhek is not planning to part with the formation . The buyer will "  basically be buying the rights , complete and exclusive rights " to the rock , including literary and movie rights , according to Grayhek . Grayhek said he plans to use the money from the sale to pursue an unpaid internship in counseling when he graduates with a master 's degree in social work in two years . "  People think I 'm some holier-than-thou person trying to get rich . I 'm not , " Grayhek said . "  The purpose is to spread the story of God and eBay is just a vehicle . "	Idaho man places "  Hand of God " rock for sale on eBay Paul Grayhek says hand-like formation appeared in his backyard during Lent Winning bidder on eBay would get "  exclusive rights " to rock
CNN  -- International leaders expressed their condolences Sunday after the death of former Czech President Vaclav Havel , one of the leading anti-Communist dissidents of the 1970s and 1980s . European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso : "  He was a true European and has been a champion of democracy and liberty throughout his life . I recall with great emotion the contacts we have had while he held the office , first as President of Czechoslovakia and then of the Czech Republic and also as a European personality and man of culture . Vaclav Havel 's name will remain forever attached to the reunification of Europe and the expansion of its values to Central and Eastern Europe . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague : "  I was greatly saddened to hear of the death of Vaclav Havel . As the Czech Republic 's first democratically elected president , he played a pivotal role in the development of freedom in Europe . He will be remembered as a leader who helped create a modern democracy in the Czech Republic . His achievements are historic and will live after him . He will be sorely missed . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy : "  A man of culture and a writer of great talent , Vaclav Havel was the incarnation of tireless commitment to democracy and freedom . His ascension to the presidency after the Velvet Revolution in 1989 capped a life entirely dedicated to the fight against totalitarianism and for the defense of values that inspired his action -- tolerance , the promotion of human rights and the struggle against oppression . With the death of Vaclav Havel , the Czech Republic loses one of its great patriots , France loses a friend , Europe loses one of its sages . " French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe : "  With him , we lose a great European conscience and France loses a friend . The French have not forgotten the meeting between the dissident and his companions with President Mitterand in Prague on December 9 , 1988 . They have not forgotten the courage and the force of conviction of the herald of human rights . They remain very attached to the legacy of the poet-president , a man of letters who became a statesman , an author of the most beautiful pages in the history of democracy . " U.S. President Barack Obama : "  I was deeply saddened to learn of the passing today of Vaclav Havel , a playwright and prisoner of conscience who became president of Czechoslovakia and of the Czech Republic . Having encountered many setbacks , Havel lived with a spirit of hope , which he defined as ` the ability to work for something because it is good , not just because it stands a chance to succeed . ' His peaceful resistance shook the foundations of an empire , exposed the emptiness of a repressive ideology , and proved that moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon . " Former U.S. President George W. Bush : "  His strong voice for human liberty changed the course of his country and crossed continents . In the days of Communist rule over Czechoslovakia , he was viewed as an enemy of the state for ridiculing the pretensions of an oppressive government . The most subversive act of the playwright from Prague was telling the truth about tyranny . And when that truth finally triumphed , the people elected this dignified , charming , humble , determined man to lead their country . Unintimidated by threats , unchanged by political power , Vaclav Havel suffered much in the cause of freedom and became one of its greatest heroes . "	Hague : Havel "  played a pivotal role in the development of freedom in Europe " Obama : Havel 's life "  proved that moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon " Sarkozy : "  France loses a friend , Europe loses one of its sages . "
Kigali , Rwanda  CNN  -- Every year , beginning in April , Rwanda 's government urges its citizens to "  Kwibuka " -- the Rwandan word for "  remember . " To remember the hundreds of thousands of lives lost during the country 's 1994 genocide . But all Marie Jeanne wants to do is to forget . The 36-year-old 's entire family was slaughtered during that dark period in her small East African country 's history . The massacre saw Hutu militias and civilians alike murder vast numbers of members of the Tutsi ethnic minority : Men , women and children , many of whom had been their neighbors before the conflict began . The killings finally came to an end 100 days later , when Rwandan Patriotic Front  RPF  troops , led by Paul Kagame , defeated the Hutu rebels and took control of the country . To Marie Jeanne the end of the war also meant an end to the repeated , brutal rapes she had been forced to endure at the hands of many different men . "  Wherever we used to go and meet a roadblock at least two would rape you and release you , " she tells CNN . "  Some could let you go and others would hold you for longer . " The genocide left Marie Jeanne emotionally and physically scarred , HIV + and pregnant . She was just 16 years old . Community members gave her shelter and she says some of the women told her they would help her with the abortion she so desperately requested . But as time passed , she knew they had lied to her . Then , the labor pains came . Marie Jeanne says it was some time before she could finally look at her newborn baby girl , who she named Kirezi . And 20 years on , Marie Jeanne says her daughter 's birthday is still a source of pain to her . "  I never remember the birthday of my child because there was nothing good about it , " she says . "  I have never celebrated her birthday because most of the times I never want to remember it . " Kirezi mirrors her mother 's pain . Seated on a wooden chair in their small living room , she fiddles with a bead bracelet on her wrist . Her lips tremble as she tries to bare her soul to us . Her anguish is palpable . "  I was born going through all bad things , so I feel that I do n't really care about my birthday . Birthdays are for people who are happy only , " she says . "  It 's painful - it hurts me , I always ask myself and I lose all my courage . I ask myself why I existed . And ask myself why it happened . And I feel that I am not worth anything . It makes me so sad , " she cries . Marie Jeanne says she loves her daughter and would do anything for her , but at times she feels that her daughter is a constant , painful reminder of the horrors she went through two decades ago . "  Within thirty minutes my heart can change and I feel bad against her in my heart , " she says . "  Whenever I see her , I remember so many things . " Marie Jeanne unscrews a plastic bottle containing anti-retroviral tablets  ARVs  . The medicine , taken twice daily , is helping her stave off the worst symptoms of HIV/AIDS . For now . "  During the genocide , the militia deliberately infected women with HIV , " Odette Kayirere , co-ordinator at the Association of the Widows of Rwanda  AVEGA  , explains . At the AVEGA headquarters in Kigali , genocide survivors with HIV/AIDS line up to receive ARVs . Most have similar stories to Marie Jeanne . Passed on from attacker to attacker , they contracted the AIDS virus . For them , this is the legacy of the genocide . "  It was a plan , " says Marie Jeanne . "  Their aim was to make genocide carry on . " But Kirezi is determined to unchain herself from the dark past . Instead she dreams of a brighter future . "  I want to be a very important person , " she says . "  To help people in similar situations as me , vulnerable people like orphans , and also to be a minister . "	Rwandan genocide took place 20 years ago : Hutu militia massacred members of the Tutsi ethnic minority Many of those who survived the carnage were left scarred ; rape was used as a weapon , spreading HIV Marie Jeanne 's daughter Kirezi was born as a result of rape ; two decades on this still pains both of them But Kirezi is determined to dream of a brighter future for herself and her country
CNN  -- The U.S. military successfully conducted a test of the Ballistic Missile Defense System in a joint military exercise on Sunday , the Pentagon confirmed in a statement . "  This is a very important step in our continuing efforts to improve and increase the reliability of our homeland Ballistic Missile Defense System , " Missile Defense Agency Director Vice Adm. James D. Syring said in the statement . A long-range , ground-based interceptor was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base , California , and successfully intercepted a simulated incoming ballistic missile threat launched from a test site on the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands , colliding over the Pacific Ocean . The Pentagon says initially it appears that all the systems and components performed as expected . The agency says it will spend the next several months conducting an extensive evaluation based upon telemetry and other data it got during the test . "  We 'll continue efforts to ensure our deployed ground-based interceptors and our overall homeland defensive architecture continue to provide the warfighter an effective and dependable system to defend the country , " Syring said . A number of U.S. government and military defense agencies participated in the joint exercise , including the Missile Defense Agency , the Air Force 30th Space Wing , U.S. Northern Command , the Army and the Navy . The Pentagon says Sunday 's test of the Ballistic Missile Defense System was the 65th successful hit-to-kill intercept out of 81 attempts since 2001 .	Branches of U.S. military conduct joint test of missile defense system A simulated ballistic missile threat was launched from the Marshall Islands Military says long-range interceptor launched from California did its job
CNN  -- Wanted : Patient person . Physically fit , with basic knowledge of biology . Able to take pictures . Job : Find Bigfoot . Scientists in China 's Hubei Province have announced they are looking for additional members for its special team tasked with tracking down the creature . The Hubei Wild Man Research Association  HWMRA  is recruiting researchers internationally to join the group 's search in the Shennongjia forest region , according to state-run news agency Xinhua . Luo Baosheng , vice president of the HWMRA , told Xinhua that the organization is comprised of more than 100 scientists and explorers who have been chasing the ape-like animal for years . The last time a organized search took place was in the early 1980s , Xinhua reported Saturday . "  Most importantly , we want the team members to be devoted , as there will be a lot of hard work in the process , " Luo told Xinhua . Team members are also expected to be in good physical health and preferably 25 to 40 years of age , he added . The search for the phantom , known as the "  Yeren " or "  Wild Man " in China , will cost at least $ 1.5 million U.S. dollars , according to Wang Shancai , a member of the the group and an archaeologist with the Hubei Provincial Institute of Cultural Relics and Archaeology . The group is seeking funding from various companies and institutions , Wang said . Chinese researchers have been searching since the 1970s . There have been more than 400 reported sightings of the half-man , half-ape in the Shennongjia area . In the past , explorers have found inconclusive evidence that researchers claimed to be proof of Bigfoot 's existence , including hair , footprints , excrement and a sleeping nest , Xinhua reported . Witnesses say the creature walks upright like a human but is much taller , and is covered in hair head-to-toe . The search for Yeti is not restricted to China . People in the United States have been looking for years . The Bigfoot Field Researchers Organization  BFRO  claims it 's the oldest and largest organization with the goal of finding Bigfoot , also known as Sasquatch . The organization relies heavily on eyewitness reports from residents . According to BFRO 's website , the animal began to be referred to as Bigfoot by journalists in the 1950s after a spat of sightings reported in northern California .	Chinese launching new search for Bigfoot Group seeks funding for effort Bigfoot believed to be half-man , half-ape
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- After days sitting in freezing temperatures next to their slain loved ones , the families of dozens of bombing victims will end their protest and bury the bodies , a protest organizer said . Relatives had camped out at major intersections of Quetta since late last week to protest the deaths of 97 residents killed by a series of bombings on Thursday . The deadliest blasts were two suicide bombings in a predominantly Shiite neighborhood known as Alamdar Road . The double bombing , described by police as one of the worst attacks on the Shiite minority , killed 85 people . A banned Sunni militant group claimed responsibility . A third explosion in killed 12 people in Quetta , the capital of Balochistan province , on Thursday . Police blamed Baloch insurgents for that blast . Although Balochistan is the largest province in Pakistan geographically , analysts and some locals have criticized the federal government for neglecting it , leading to instability . The Shiite community has repeatedly asked for more protection , but to no avail . On Sunday , Pakistani Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf met with Shiites in Quetta , Pakistani media reported . Ashraf addressed protestors who participated in the protest sit-in . He said he would meet one of the two major demands of the group -- tossing out the provincial government and putting a governor in charge . However , Ashraf said he would n't implement military rule in the city but would leave it up to the governor to ask for more help -- if needed -- from paramilitary forces to try to quell the violence . The visit appeared to satisfy protesters . "  We end our sit-in protest as the government has assured us ... action against perpetrators of the blasts , " said Qayoum Changezi , an organizer of the demonstration . Changezi said the government had agreed to meet almost all of their demands and said burials would now proceed . Not burying dead bodies immediately after death is taboo in Islam . The soul of the body is not considered to be at rest until the body is in the ground . Quetta is the capital of Balochistan province , an area regularly plagued by violence . In addition to sectarian attacks on Shiites , unrest in the province is believed to be fomented by several insurgent groups , including the separatist Balochistan Liberation Army and the Pakistani Taliban . Read more : What 's working in Pakistan Last week 's string of attacks was the deadliest so far against the minority Shiite community , which has been targeted repeatedly in the past by groups like Lashkar-e-Jhangvi , a banned Sunni militant group . Lashkar-e-Jhangvi claimed responsibility for the Alamdar Road attacks . More on Pakistan : India and Pakistan trade accusations over Kashmir violence Shiites , a minority sect in mainly Sunni Muslim Pakistan , face persecution from extremists . Last month , more than 20 Shiite pilgrims were killed when a car bomb detonated near the buses they were traveling in . Mir Zubair Mehmood , a Quetta police official , said the Alamdar attacks were motivated by Sunni and Shiite sectarian differences . Read more : Malala , others on front lines in fight for women CNN 's Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Protest organizer : The government has agreed to most of our demands The prime minister agrees to toss out local government but rules out military intervention Two suicide bombings in a Shiite neighborhood in Quetta killed 85 on Thursday The Shiite community had previously asked for more protection , but to no avail
CNN  -- Mac computers are known for their near-immunity to malicious computer programs that plague PCs . Some security experts say viruses are moving toward Mac as those computers become more popular . But that may be changing somewhat , according to computer security researchers . It seems that as sleek Mac computers become more popular , they 're also more sought-after targets for the authors of harmful programs . "  The bad guys generally go toward the biggest target , what will get them the biggest bang for their buck , " said Kevin Haley , a director of security response at Symantec . Until recently , the big target always was Microsoft Windows , and Apple computers were protected by "  relative obscurity , " he said . But blogs are buzzing this week about what two Symantec researchers have called the first harmful computer program to strike specifically at Mac . This Trojan horse program , dubbed the "  iBotnet , " has infected only a few thousand Mac machines , but it represents a step in the evolution of malicious computer software , Haley said . The iBotnet is a sign that harmful programs are moving toward Mac , said Paul Henry , a forensics and security analyst at Lumension Security in Arizona . "  We all knew it was going to happen , " he said . "  It was just a matter of time , and , personally , I think we 're going to see a lot more of it . " The malicious software was first reported in January . It did n't gain widespread attention until recently , when Mario Ballano Barcena and Alfredo Pesoli of Symantec , maker of the popular Norton antivirus products , detailed the software in a publication called "  Virus Bulletin . " Mac users at large , however , should not be alarmed by the incident , experts said . The program infects only computers whose users downloaded pirated versions of the Mac software iWork . The harmful software is a Trojan horse , meaning it tries to sneak into the computer with some sort of permission from the user . Computer worms travel differently . They wiggle their way into computers and replicate without the owner 's approval or knowledge . The Mac program is called a botnet because infected computers become part of a network that is controlled by the program 's author . The Mac botnet is significantly less threatening than computer worms like the much-publicized Conficker.c , said Jose Nazario , a senior security researcher with Arbor Networks . Conficker was thought to have infected up to 10 million computers , compared with thousands for the iBotnet , researchers said . There 's also some question as to whether it is the first botnet to target Mac . Others have targeted both PCs and Apple computers . "  This is n't the first botnet that 's been built using Mac computers , " Nazario said . "  This is an interesting one in that it 's a little more flexible and includes some new features . ... It 's getting a lot of press mostly because it 's Mac and people are talking about how Macs are immune to malware -- and , sure enough , they 're not . " The potential damage that could be caused by the Mac botnet is also less severe than other attacks , said Darrell Etherington , a contributor to theAppleBlog , which is not affiliated with the computer company . "  It 's a very low-level attack , " he said . "  Some people wo n't even notice the effect of it . " It is in the interest of software companies like Symantec , who spread the news , and McAfee , which has downplayed the presence of the Trojan , to raise concerns so they can promote their antivirus software packages , he said . "  Yes , it is going to become a bigger problem and , yes , people have to become more aware , but I think that what McAfee and Symantec would like is for the panic to start and for people to start rushing to antivirus software , " which is n't necessary yet , Etherington said . In a statement , Apple said it is working to prevent security problems . "  Apple takes security very seriously and has a great track record of addressing potential vulnerabilities before they can affect users , " the statement says . Only about 7.4 percent of computer users work on Macs , according to Gartner , a technology research firm . That user base is proportionally more affluent than PC users , Etherington said , which may make Mac a bigger target . But overall , Macs are still far less vulnerable to attack than PCs , he said . Haley said news of the Apple botnet is significant in part because it 's something other authors of malicious code can build from . "  I do n't think it 's a tipping point ; I think it 's an evolutionary step . We see virus authors often use what somebody else has done , " he said . "  There 's a model . There 's something out there to follow . "	Researchers find computer malware aimed at Mac computers The "  iBotnet " infects a small number of Mac users through pirated software Still , researchers say it is a step in the evolution of harmful computer programs As Macs become more popular , they 're more likely to be targets , experts say
Hillary Clinton raised eyebrows this month when she compared Vladimir Putin 's tactics in Ukraine to those of the Nazis . She was right , but there is an even more ominous similarity between the actions of Iran and those of pre-war Germany . On May 21 , 1935 , Adolf Hitler delivered his infamous "  peace " speech . In his masterful history of Nazi Germany , "  The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , " William L. Shirer quotes the Fuhrer 's remarks at length : "  Germany needs peace and desires peace . " "  Germany has solemnly recognized and guaranteed France her frontiers . " "  Germany has concluded a non-aggression pact with Poland . " Shirer , a CBS Radio correspondent , called the address "  one of the cleverest and most misleading of his Reichstag orations this writer , who sat through most of them , ever heard him make . " He observed the West seemed beguiled by the speech , noting the Times of London welcomed Hitler 's words "  with almost hysterical joy . " "  The speech turns out to be reasonable , straightforward , and comprehensive , " stated the Times editorial . "  No one who reads it with an impartial mind can doubt that the points of policy laid down by Herr Hitler may fairly constitute the basis of a complete settlement with Germany . " Yet Hitler was lying to buy time . He would not bring peace , but a horrific war , annexing Austria , invading France and Poland , and ordering the extermination of six million Jews . Indeed , Hitler 's lies were apparent less than a year after the speech . On March 7 , 1936 , the Nazis marched into the Rhineland , the demilitarized zone between Germany and France , in violation of the Treaty of Versailles . If the West had confronted Hitler then , it could have forced him out of the Rhineland with a limited application of military force . Such history is worth noting in today 's showdown with Iran . Many in the West seem beguiled by the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and President Hassan Rouhani . But are they truly interested in peace , or buying time to build the Bomb ? "  Let me say loud and clear that peace is within reach , " Rouhani told the U.N. General Assembly last September . "  Nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction have no place in Iran 's security and defense doctrine , and contradict our fundamental religious and ethical convictions , " Rouhani added . President Barack Obama praised Rouhani 's "  more moderate course , " and The New York Times called Rouhani "  charming . " By November 24 , Iran had successfully negotiated an interim nuclear deal with the P5 +1 . The deal was widely lauded , especially by Iran . The "  Geneva deal means the surrender of big powers before the great nation of Iran , " Rouhani said in January . No wonder the Iranians were so happy : -- Sanctions were eased , and "  Iran was given access to $ 550 million of its assets that are frozen overseas , " noted Iran Watch . "  This is the first tranche of the $ 4.2 billion that Iran has been promised . " -- The interim deal does not require Iran to dismantle a single centrifuge or stop enriching uranium to 3.5 % . -- Tehran has 18,000 centrifuges to enrich uranium , and some operate 15 times faster than older models . -- After years of work and massive financial investment , Iran currently has only enough enriched uranium to run its Bushehr Reactor for three months , notes Valerie Lincy of the Wisconsin Project On Nuclear Arms Control . -- Yet Iran now has enough enriched uranium to build six or seven nuclear warheads , Lincy adds . Americans want diplomacy to work -- as do we all -- but they worry that if the mullahs obtain a nuclear arsenal , it will be used to kill many . In January , we engaged polling firm McLaughlin & Associates to ask a series of questions of 1,000 likely U.S. voters . Among them : "  Do you agree or disagree with the following statement : ` If the world does not take decisive action , and the Iranian regime is permitted to build nuclear weapons and the missiles to deliver them , the Iranian regime will one day attempt to annihilate the State of Israel and bring about a Second Holocaust ' ? " A stunning 80 % of Americans agreed . Only 16 % disagreed . The world is at a critical moment . President Obama must insist on a final deal that requires Iran to fully dismantle its illegal uranium enrichment capabilities , its heavy water plutonium facility in Arak , and its nuclear weapons development efforts . The President -- who never should have agreed to ease sanctions -- should also support congressional efforts and declare that if Iran refuses to truly give up its nuclear ambitions , then he will sign aggressive new sanctions to be imposed the moment the six-month period of the interim deal is complete . What 's more , he should significantly beef up U.S. forces in the Persian Gulf , and abandon efforts to slash our Army to pre-World War II levels . Right now , the mullahs do not take Obama seriously . They do not believe a serious U.S. military option is really "  on the table . " The President must make them believe it and restore American credibility . "  Now you know how you get -LSB- an -RSB- agreement with Iran ? " asked Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu recently . "  Not by relieving pressure but by adding pressure . Pressure is what brought Iran to the negotiating table in the first place , and only more pressure will get -LSB- them -RSB- to abandon their nuclear weapons program . Greater pressure on Iran will not make war more likely ; it will make war less likely -- because the greater the pressure on Iran and more credible the threat of force on Iran , the smaller the chance that force will ever have to be used . " We can not say force wo n't be needed . But Netanyahu is right that our last best chance for a peaceful outcome is increased American pressure and resolve . The stakes are too high for anything less . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rick Santorum and Joel C. Rosenberg believe that Iran is engaging in the same deception as Hitler did They say that the President never should have agreed to ease sanctions Greater pressure on Iran will make war less likely , they argue
Beijing  CNN  In this narrow Beijing hutong , the rainbow flag flies free . I 'm in Two Cities Cafe , a popular meeting place for the local gay community . Here , I meet with some of the country 's leading LGBT  lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  advocates to learn about gay identity in China . In the last two decades , China 's LGBT community has made huge gains in social acceptance . Homosexuality was decriminalized in 1997 , and a few years later it was removed from an official list of mental illnesses . But unlike their counterparts in the West , China 's LGBT community does not have to face down strident political opposition or right-wing religious uproar . For them , the biggest source of pressure comes from the family , brought on in part by China 's one-child policy . "  You have only one child so you want your child to be as ` normal ' as everybody else , " says Xiaogang Wei , Executive Director of the Beijing Gender Health Education Institute . "  There 's also the pressure of carrying on the family line , " adds Chi Heng Foundation founder Chung To . Fake marriages ? Many Chinese gays and lesbians are responding to the family pressure with "  cooperative marriages " -- gay men and lesbian women marrying each other out of social and economic convenience , often finding each other online . "  I grew up in the 80s and 90s and most of the people my age , everyone , got into marriage -- no matter gay or straight , " says Xu Bin , founder of the advocacy group Common Language . "  If you 're not , you 're a monster . " Despite advances , the social stigma remains immense . According to a 2013 survey by U.S. research group Pew , only 21 % of China 's population was in favor of the acceptance of homosexuality . Same-sex marriage remains a taboo topic for many across China . And a number of clinics in China offer so-called "  conversion " shock treatment to "  cure " homosexuality . Earlier this year , a Beijing court heard China 's first case to challenge the treatment . But a delay in the ruling has raised concerns in the gay community that clinics may continue to provide such treatments without challenge . Discrimination China 's LGBT professionals must also contend with a lack of legal protection against discrimination at work . "  The job discrimination is very subtle and you might not get a promotion because you are single . You might get fired because of all kinds of reasons , " says To . "  There 's no protection . " Though China has a long way to go before its gay professionals thrive professionally in all workplaces , Chinese gay activists are encouraged by the recent announcement by Apple CEO Tim Cook . "  I think Tim Cook 's coming out of the closet is very important to the Chinese society , especially in the business world , " Wei tells me . "  It also very effectively motivated people into thinking about the direct and non-direct connections between homosexual people and the products that we all use in our lives . " New generation With these forces for change coming from both outside and inside China , the country 's LGBT community is forging ahead , despite its unique set of challenges . "  For the past ten years , the most change probably came from the visibility of the LGBT community in Chinese society . For the next ten years , I would say it 's the visibility of LGBT rights in China , " says Xu . As the focus shifts to a stronger call for greater rights , China 's pioneering gay activists are looking to the younger generation to pick up the mantle . "  This generation is a lot more confident and self-assertive , " To tells me . "  And they have more resources , " adds Xu . "  In the end , I think we 're fighting not just for a better situation for LGBT  people  , but a better situation for all minorities and vulnerable people , " says To . Out and proud , China 's gay activists are an increasingly vocal minority pushing for change that could very well reach every corner of Chinese society .	China 's LGBT community has made huge gains in social acceptance Unlike Western counterparts , they face little religious opposition The biggest source of pressure comes from family , and the one-child policy There is no legal protection in the work place for the LGBT community
New York  CNN  -- Donald Trump 's offer to buy the lower Manhattan site where a Muslim group plans to build an Islamic community center is just a "  pathetic " attempt to get publicity , said the lawyer for one of the land owners . Real estate mogul Trump made the offer Thursday in a letter to Hisham Elzanaty , an investor in the controversial Islamic center site . But Elzanaty does not consider Trump 's proposal a real offer , attorney Wolodymyr Starosolsky said Thursday night . Elzanaty has received other offers , but has declined them , the lawyer said . Elzanaty thinks the property might be worth more down the road , so he might hold on to it . Trump had offered 25 percent more than the current owners paid for it . Elzanaty owns more than 51 percent of the property , and has no more than three partners , the lawyer said . Should the proposed Islamic center be built ? Share your thoughts Trump 's offer stipulated that , if a mosque is to be built , it will be located at least five blocks further from the World Trade Center site . He also said he would pay cash for the site , with an immediate closing . The site is two blocks from where the World Trade Center stood before the September 11 terrorist attacks . "  I am making this offer as a resident of New York and citizen of the United States , not because I think the location is a spectacular one  because it is not  , but because it will end a very serious , inflammatory and highly divisive situation that is destined , in my opinion , to only get worse , " Trump wrote . "  Hopefully , something good can happen ! " he concluded . Trump , who starred in the U.S. reality TV show "  The Apprentice , " has invested in New York real estate for decades . His management company , The Trump Group , owns a number of high-rises in Manhattan and operates casinos in Atlantic City and Las Vegas , as well as several golf courses . The proposed Islamic center , known as Park51 , is slated to include a variety of facilities , including a prayer room , a performing arts center , gym , a swimming pool and other public spaces . Critics of the center say it is an affront to survivors of the September 11 attacks . Supporters of the project , including New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , cite First Amendment rights and the need to express religious tolerance . CNN 's Marcia Biggs and Ben Rooney contributed to this report .	The majority land owner did n't consider Trump 's proposal a real offer , lawyer says Trump had offered to pay 25 percent more than what the owners paid The site is two blocks from where the World Trade Center stood Critics of the center say it is an affront to survivors of the September 11 attacks
CNN  -- It seems like the opposite of what you 'd expect , but my cancer diagnosis -- a staggering Stage IV colon cancer diagnosis , delivered to me at the age of 28 -- gave me a new lease on life . It has changed me , and enriched my life , in ways that I never could have imagined . Even in the moment I learned of my diagnosis , and the grim prognosis that followed , I was n't afraid . I was n't sad . I did n't feel sorry for myself , and I was n't angry . I was ready . I was ready to fight this disease head-on and show myself -- and everyone else -- what I was made of . I believed that my will to survive , to thrive , to love and laugh and enjoy my life -- would carry me through any physical challenge . And it has . Forty-six rounds of chemo  and counting  , three surgeries , 10 rounds of radiation , and here I am . I am still fighting . And I will continue to fight until cancer gives up , because there 's no way I will . My fighting and competitive spirit has served me well , but my ability to be open to learning has been equally valuable . Throughout my time battling cancer , I have learned so much about taking care of my body , mind , and spirit . Just months after my diagnosis , I made the jump to strict veganism . I drink green juice , not alcohol . I exercise daily . I manage stress levels and I make sure I always get enough sleep . I 've done acupuncture , reiki and guided meditation . I take deep breaths . I smile and laugh and listen to great music and appreciate beautiful things . I soak in my life and I am constantly grateful . Becoming sick was the way I learned how to be well . ` On Looking ' : The world you 're not seeing By far , the best part of my cancer-killing adventures has been becoming a part of a community of cancer warriors and their loved ones . My fellow patients are more than just friends . They are my brothers and sisters in this fight . When they do well through treatment , I celebrate with them . And when they struggle -- or die -- I am just as upset about it as if they were a part of my family . That 's because they are . My best friend in the cancer world , a fellow warrior and a phenomenal woman named Annette , passed away at the end of last year . Losing her has been one of the most difficult things I 've ever had to endure . But her fighting and undefeatable spirit , and my desire to honor her , have helped fuel the fire in my belly . It has helped me push forward with my mission : My mission for the cure . It 's called The Wunder Project . A simple but revolutionary initiative that sees every penny donated going to cutting-edge research that I hope will get us to the cure for colon cancer in under 10 years . It sounds crazy , right ? The cure . But this is real . And I 'm betting my life on it . Several months ago , I asked my doctor -- a world-renowned oncologist and researcher at USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center named Heinz-Josef Lenz -- a series of simple questions . If you had all the money in the world , could you cure colon cancer ? Do you know what steps to take to cure the disease ? Is money the only thing standing in the way of the cure ? The answer to all of those questions was an emphatic yes . Lenz and his dream team -- scientists and researchers from the United States and abroad -- are sure that they can find the cure for colon cancer if they have the funds to do the necessary large-scale research and drug development that the team has long been known for . KISS frontman : I 'm deaf in one ear It 's my job , and my mission , to lead the movement to raise those funds so they can do their work . It 's my job to start something unprecedented , a global uprising against cancer , focused solely on supporting the groundbreaking research necessary to change the face of cancer forever -- for all of us . The goal of The Wunder Project is to raise $ 250 million in two years . Through that funding , we hope to have the cure in under 10 years . It sounds like an impossible goal -- to find the cure for cancer -- but it is possible . It is within our grasp . And I will make sure that we seize this opportunity . For Annette , for myself , and for my fellow cancer warriors . From the moment I was diagnosed , I knew it was n't the end of the line for me . I think that I always knew , deep down , that it was the end of the line for cancer . And through The Wunder Project , I know it will be .	Gloria Borges was diagnosed with Stage IV colon cancer at 28 "  I was ready to fight this disease head-on , " she says Borges has started The Wunder Project to raise funds to cure cancer
CNN  -- Anne and Michael Harris were an "  extraordinary " couple with a zest for life , their niece said . Anne and Michael Harris ' niece says the couple "  loved life , loved everyone . " "  We truly hope that they are remembered for the way they lived their lives and not this tragic end , " Charlstie Laytin said in a telephone interview Wednesday . "  We 're all just devastated and going to miss them both so much . " The Harrises were two of three Americans on board Air France Flight 447 when it crashed Monday . The plane was carrying 228 passengers and crew from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France , when it crashed four hours into the journey . Investigators have not determined the cause of the accident . An official list with the victims ' names was not available Wednesday afternoon . The Harrises lived in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Anne Harris ' sister , Mary Miley , said . Michael Harris , 60 , was a geologist in Rio de Janeiro . He worked for Devon Energy , a U.S.-based independent natural gas and oil producer , a company spokesman said . The couple were traveling to Paris for a training seminar and vacation , Miley said . The two "  loved everyone , they loved life , " Laytin said . "  Definitely glass-half-full kind of people , " she added , recalling her uncle as a "  ham , " who could always offer a laugh on a bad day . She remembered a moment a few summers ago when her family was in Vermont , and had just seen a classical performance of Mozart . They were "  just sitting around and having a glass of wine , and laughing and talking about family and life and what was going on in our lives ... -LSB- the Harrises -RSB- could never get enough information about what all their nieces and nephews and family members were doing , " she said . "  It 's really the last time I can remember us all sitting around as a family and I 'm so glad that I have that memory . " She said her family was hopeful the investigation would soon determine what had gone wrong . "  I think the initial shock of it all has really started to wear off , and the reality that they 're gone is starting to set in , " she said . "  The grief and the grieving process is beginning and we 're just really focused on helping each other heal . " The majority of the people on the flight came from Brazil , France and Germany . The remaining victims were from 29 other countries . Ten were employees of French electrical equipment supplier CGED , according to Agence France-Presse . Nine of those employees had won the trip to Rio from CGED because of their strong work performance , AFP said . "  There was a competition for the best sales reps ... and nine of them won and went to Brazil for four days , " Laurent Bouveresse , CGED chief executive , told AFP . The nine were allowed to take a friend or partner , and an executive also went along , Bouveresse said , according to the news agency . CNN tried repeatedly to reach representatives of CGED . Two others believed to have been on the flight were an engaged couple , Julia Schmidt of Brazil and Alex Crolow of Germany , the couple 's friend , Brian Buzby of Houston , Texas , told CNN affiliate KTRK . Watch Buzby talk about friends on Flight 447 " Buzby said he met the two while they were all students at Bucerius Law School in Germany . They finished studies last August , KTRK reported . "  This was Alex taking her back to tell her mom they were going to get married , " Buzby told KTRK . "  I just hope that they were not suffering , and at least they were together , because I would have hated for one of them to go through it alone , " Buzby said . "  They were my two best friends . I just hope she knows I loved her , " Buzby said .	NEW : 9 French victims won trip to Brazil for job performance , AFP reports NEW : German victim was taking Brazilian fiancee home to announce engagement Anne and Michael Harris were two of three Americans on Air France flight 447 The Harrises lived in Brazil and were going to France for vacation , training seminar
CNN  -- Twisted metal beams still jut from the top of Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi stricken reactors , almost one year after a massive tsunami triggered nuclear meltdown . They remain as an eerie monument to the country 's worst ever nuclear disaster , frozen in time by the dangers that surround the reactors and what 's inside . The reactors at the northern Japanese plant were declared last December to be in cold shutdown , a term used to indicate that operations are under control and pose no immediate threat . Michael Friedlander , a former senior operator at U.S. nuclear power plants , said in this instance the words "  cold shutdown " are "  completely inappropriate " to describe the situation at the Fukushima plant . Inside Fukushima 's meltdown zone "  There reactors are very much cold from a nuclear standpoint and from an energy standpoint , and the likelihood of it ever having another criticality or having another explosion is virtually zero , " he said . "  But it 's a consequence of the fact that they 've now been shut down for a year , much more so than anything that TEPCO or that anybody else has ever done , " he said , referring to the plant 's operators Tokyo Electric Power Company . The biggest threat to the stability of the reactors , Friedlander said , is another earthquake or external event that causes a radioactive leak . "  The biggest real risk is that a pipe breaks and that hundreds of thousands of gallons of highly radioactive water ends up underground or ends up leeching back into the ocean or something like that . That 's the real bottom line , " he said . "  The chance of a massive contamination or a massive plume of radioactive contamination is almost zero , " he added . On March 11 , 2011 more than 15,000 people died after a magnitude-9 .0 earthquake ruptured a 300 kilometer long fault stretching from the southern end of Japan 's Ibaraki Prefecture to the middle of the Iwate Prefecture . The tremor generated a massive tsunami which smashed into the coast , swamping three prefectures including Fukushima , the site of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant . Three of the plant 's six reactors suffered meltdowns despite frantic efforts to flood them with seawater to bring surging temperatures down . During a tour of the nuclear plant , manager Takeshi Takahashi told CNN 's Kyung Lah that the biggest risk is if something goes wrong with the reactors . The nuclear fuel needs constant cooling . Huge tanks around the site hold water contaminated with radiation and finding more space to store the water is a constant challenge . "  The reactors are no more or no less stable than they were in April of last year , " Friedlander said . "  They fundamentally continue to be reliant on a feed and bleed cooling mechanism and anything can happen . Another earthquake could happen ; another tsunami could happen . " Nearly 700 aftershocks of magnitude 5 or greater have been registered since last year 's quake , according to a report released in January by the University of Tokyo 's Earthquake Research Institute . The report warned that there was a 70 % chance that a magnitude-7 quake would hit Tokyo 's metropolitan area within four years . The probability rose to 98 % probability within the next 30 years , it added . Tokyo see high quake probability , scientists warn Friedlander said that while the ticking bomb nature of the Fukushima disaster "  very appropriately " focused attention on stabilizing the site , a year later the world should be paying more attention to the inevitable spread of radioactive material . "  I think that the reason why people do n't give it attention is because they say , you know , the levels of concentration are very low , so even if you did become contaminated the risk to you is actually quite low , which is true , " he said . "  But again , when you start exposing millions and millions and millions of people to very low levels of concentration , it 's inevitable that it 's going to have an impact . " Last week , fish and plankton collected from the Pacific Ocean near the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant were said to contain elevated levels of radioactive materials . However , the levels were below those that pose a threat to public health , according to Nicholas Fisher , a marine science professor at New York 's Stony Brook University . The samples were taken in June 2011 , outside the 30-kilometer  19-mile  exclusion zone around the plant , at points in and around the Kuroshio Current , the Pacific version of the Gulf Stream . Fisher said that the contaminants were more likely to have settled in coastal sediments , of which little is known . "  There 's a lot of key missing information about the sediments , " he said .	Threats remain despite cold shutdown at Fukushima plant Meltdown at three reactors after last year 's earthquake Nuclear fuel needs constant cooling , contamination water stored nearby Nearly 700 aftershocks have been recorded since the March 11 quake
Washington  CNN  -- Political fireworks over a little-noticed Supreme Court appeal and a separate whistleblower lawsuit had U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder and a longtime congressional adversary exchanging harsh words at a House committee hearing Wednesday . Holder , testifying before the Republican-led House Judiciary Committee , sparred with GOP Rep. Darrell Issa of California over congressional requests for private e-mails of top Holder aide Thomas Perez , who is President Barack Obama 's nominee to be Labor Secretary . Issa suggested Holder had political motives for delaying release of the electronic messages . The two repeatedly talked over each other , and Holder concluded the exchange with a personal attack . "  It is inappropriate and it is too consistent with the way in which you conduct yourself as a member of Congress . It is unacceptable and it is shameful , " he told Issa , the chairman of the House Oversight Committee who led the effort last year to cite Holder for contempt of Congress in the panel 's investigation of the Fast and Furious gun-walking program . Other committee members from both parties then openly debated the propriety of Issa 's questioning . At issue is whether Perez -- who heads the Justice Department 's Civil Rights Division -- improperly intervened with St. Paul , Minnesota , officials last year in getting them to drop the city 's pending Supreme Court appeal over public housing conditions . The Justice Department pulled out of a separate lawsuit it had joined that was brought by a neighborhood pastor and whistleblower . In a report last month , congressional Republicans alleged that Perez engaged in a "  quid pro quo , " placing "  ideology over objectivity and politics over the rule of law . " Issa opened his questioning by playing an audio clip of a phone call by Perez . Issa suggested Perez in the call was trying to keep any arrangement with St. Paul officials from being disclosed publicly . The congressman then asked whether it was appropriate to "  trade a case . " Holder shook his head and said , "  I do n't agree with that characterization . " Democratic Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas then jumped in and questioned whether it was proper to play the audio clip without prior notification to committee Democrats . That prompted a spirited back-and-forth among members . Congressional Republicans say the alleged agreement between federal and city officials cost taxpayers $ 200 million dollars . Republican Sen. Charles Grassley of Iowa said Tuesday that Perez 's involvement should disqualify him to become Labor Secretary . "  I do not believe Mr. Perez gave us the straight story when he was called upon to answer questions about this case , and for that reason I will strongly oppose his nomination , " Grassley said in reference to questioning of Perez by the Senate Judiciary Committee . The controversy concerns two separate court cases over alleged public housing discrimination in Minnesota 's capital . The Supreme Court case dealt with whether federal law allowed landlords who rent to minorities a right to challenge a city housing code . The St. Paul housing code requires properties to remain in habitable condition . The landlords claim city officials have been overly aggressive in enforcing those requirements , with the hardest impact on minority occupants . Republicans said Perez was concerned a high court defeat for the city would set back or invalidate the legal strategy the Justice Department would use in other broader discrimination investigations . That strategy in short says plaintiffs need not show "  intent " to discriminate , but merely that policies or enforcement have a "  disparate impact " on minorities and other protected classes . Just days before the Supreme Court was set to hear oral arguments in Magner v. Gallagher in February 2012 , the city announced it was dropping its appeal . Internal Justice Department e-mails obtained by CNN showed Perez helped persuade the city to withdraw , then pushed other federal officials to back out of separate private lawsuits against St. Paul . Led by Rev. Frederick Newell , head of the True Spirit Ministries and a local jobs activist , the suits alleged the city fraudulently made certifications in federal HUD grants totaling about $ 200 million . "  The department abandoned the whistleblower , Fredrick Newell , after telling him for years that it supported his case , " said the report by congressional Republicans . "  The manner in which the department treated Newell presents a disconcerting precedent for whistleblower relations . " City officials , the Justice Department , and some congressional Democrats said the HUD grant lawsuits were without merit . A federal judge last year dismissed one of the suits . However , Republican legislators had issued a subpoena for Perez 's private e-mails , saying he may have used personal accounts to arrange the deal . "  We have been cooperating and will continue to cooperate with legitimate oversight requests , " a Justice Department spokesperson said last month . Because of the issue , Perez 's confirmation hearings for Labor Secretary have been postponed . Other contentious issues at the hearing dealt with a Justice Department investigation of Associated Press phone records as part of alleged leaks by government officials , and a probe into whether the IRS unfairly targeted conservative advocacy groups seeking tax-exempt status .	Attorney General Holder calls GOP Rep. Darrell Issa 's conduct "  shameful " Issa and Holder spar over emails involving aide Thomas Perez , a Cabinet nominee Issa led the effort to cite Holder for contempt of Congress last year in another case Holder answers questions by the House Judiciary Committee
CNN  -- The number of people worldwide without access to a toilet -- no public restroom , no outhouse , no latrine , no smallest room -- is a whopping 2.6 billion . That 's four out of ten people . The bucket toilet is the only thing on offer for millions of black South Africans . According to the World Toilet Organization , 2.2 million people , predominantly children , die every year from diarrhea -- more than from malaria , from AIDS , from TB . That number dwarfs any casualties related to violent conflict . These figures are intrinsically related . The underestimation of fecal contamination is staggering , sobering -- and unfortunately , silencing . Singaporean social-entrepreneur Jack Sim founded the non-profit World Toilet Organization  "  the other WTO "  in 2001 , as a support network for all existing organizations . It now includes 151 members from 53 countries , which meet once a year to network , discuss sanitation issues and work together toward "  eliminating the toilet taboo and delivering sustainable sanitation . " Goal number one : Making sanitation speakable . "  What we do n't discuss , we ca n't improve , " insists Sim . This year , the World Toilet Summit & Expo 2008 was held from November 4-6 in Macau under the theme "  Driving Sustainable Sanitation through Market-Based Initiatives . " Indeed , not only is sanitation a good idea , it 's a good investment . Biosolids can be composted into fertilizer , sewage can be processed into methane biogas , and even simple latrines in India are producing compost and fertilizer . "  Globally , if universal sanitation were achieved by 2015 , it would cost $ 95 billion , but it would save $ 660 billion , " writes Rose George in her newly released book "  The Big Necessity . " Real-world examples follow : "  When Peru had a cholera outbreak in 1991 , it cost $ 1 billion to contain but could have been prevented with $ 100 million of better sanitation measures . " Or even more alarming : "  Pakistan , for example , spends 47 times more on its military budget than on water and sanitation , though it loses 120,000 people to diarrhea a year . " So while 2.6 billion people have no toilet , how many millions of us simply "  flush and forget " ? Eco-sanitation , or the problem of dealing efficiently and ecologically with sewer systems , wastewater , treatment and purification , is no less a serious one . In the UK alone , the sewage system emits some 28.8 million tons of carbon dioxide a year . As sewers become overloaded with urban development , drought strikes various regions of the earth , and potable water becomes increasingly scarce , even the flush toilet is now put into question . Today , those who care are looking at innovative toilet and waste-disposal solutions from India , China and other parts of the developing world , where attitudes and habits are still evolving and open to change . Do n't forget , World Toilet Day is November 19 .	2.6 billion people have no access to toilet ; 2.2 die annually from diarrhea World Toilet Organization includes 151 members from 53 countries Rose George : Universal sanitation by 2015 would cost $ 95bn , save $ 660bn Flush toilet , sewer systems also pose problem to ecological sanitation
CNN  -- Before my parents left Taiwan in 1967 , they were given a gift box full of America : A collection of the greatest Broadway cast recordings of all time , lovingly pressed into 50 sleek disks of vinyl . For over a decade , the contents of the box were the only music played in our home . My sister and I came of age listening to Rodgers and Hammerstein , Lerner and Loewe , Sondheim and Styne and Strauss . And when we were finally ushered into the dark of an actual Broadway playhouse to experience firsthand the unique alchemy that occurs when music and theater meet , we were hooked for life . All of this is just to explain why I 'm conflicted by the controversy that 's erupted over the recent revival of W.S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan 's comic operetta "  The Mikado , " which is being presented in celebration of the 60th anniversary of Seattle 's Gilbert & Sullivan Society , one of the oldest light opera companies in the nation . It 's hardly surprising that the Society would choose "  The Mikado " for its diamond jubilee year . It is the most frequently staged of Gilbert and Sullivan 's operettas and a perennial favorite of the Society . Every time , they have done it the same way : As a photocopy of the Victorian original , with Caucasian actors wearing garish facepaint and outfits that cartoonishly approximate traditional Japanese garb . There 's a term for this kind of racial costuming : Yellowface . It 's a phenomenon that seems to be resurgent . We saw it in Katy Perry 's geisha-inspired performance at the American Music Awards in November , in a January episode of the hit sitcom "  How I Met Your Mother " and a month later , in the opening sketch of the venerable comedy program "  Saturday Night Live . " Each time , the use of yellowface has been defended as loving homage or harmless parody . Each time , when Asian-Americans have pointed out that we do n't find the wearing of cosmetics and wardrobe to simulate Asian appearance to be "  loving " or "  harmless , " our concerns have been dismissed . Which is why , despite my deep personal love of musical theater , I think these "  traditional " productions -- yellowface productions -- of "  The Mikado " have to end . They are the deep-drilled root of the yellowface weed : the place from which the scourge keeps springing back , even when its surface expressions are plucked . There are older examples of yellowface in entertainment than "  The Mikado , " but none so popular , and certainly none that have been as popular among mass audiences for as long -- 129 years and counting . I want to be clear that I 'm not saying that "  The Mikado " should n't be performed at all . Its biting satire and splendidly silly stage play make it quite possibly Gilbert and Sullivan 's greatest work . But when it is performed by an all-white troupe of actors dressed and made up as Asians , it shifts from a brilliant comedy of manners to , as Asian-American actress and blogger Erin Quill says , a "  racist piece of crap . " Quill , a musical theater veteran and original cast member of the bawdy Off-Broadway hit "  Avenue Q , " is actually quoting herself . That 's the first line spoken by Cheryl , the character she plays in the indie film "  The Mikado Project , " a mockumentary that follows an Asian-American theater troupe forced to put on a production of "  The Mikado " in order to stave off bankruptcy . "  In the movie , the artistic director makes a desperate attempt to convince us that it wo n't look like yellowface , because underneath the costumes and makeup , it 's Asians playing Asians -- or at least the Asians white people think we are , " says Quill , who also co-wrote the screenplay . "  Obviously , the company is not down for it . " By demonstrating that Asians ca n't present a "  traditional " version of the show without looking and feeling ridiculous , the film aptly exposes the uncomfortable racial reality behind operetta 's fanciful farce . But it then goes on to show how little it takes to make a version of "  The Mikado " that is n't offensive : A commitment to multiethnic casting and an end to the use of makeup to ape "  exotic " Asian features . And while we 're at it , maybe change the cast names to something that do n't sound like schoolyard slurs ? There 's no reason why Nanki-Poo , Ko-Ko and Yum-Yum could n't be Namihiko , Kaku and Yume , all names that Japanese humans might actually be called . Change is painful . Hardcore fans find the suggestion of any kind of alteration of G&S 's works to be anathema . But live theater is unsettled and organic by nature . No two performances are the same , and shows are revived time and again , with each new production adding contexts that enhance rather than erase the original . Indeed , "  The Mikado " has seen the wildest set of adaptations of all of Gilbert and Sullivan 's works . 1939 saw the first staging of "  The Hot Mikado , " a jazzed-up edition of the opera featuring an all-black cast , which has since itself been revived dozens of times . In 1987 , Monty Python member Eric Idle headlined a much-celebrated version of "  The Mikado " for British television , which was traditional in all respects , except for resetting the antics at an English seaside resort . Even "  traditional " productions embrace mutability and modernity . The song "  I Have a Little List , " sung by Ko-Ko the Lord High Executioner , details a lengthy set of individuals who "  never would be missed " if they were to encounter the business end of a chopper . Every "  Mikado " production customizes the lyrics of the song , rewriting them to lampoon present-day celebrities and situations . If Ko-Ko can sing about Kardashians and customer service operators , there is n't any reason why the rest of the play ca n't be updated as well . A hundred and thirty years ago , Asia was exotic and alien and strange ; today , sushi is sold in 7-Elevens  now a Japanese-owned chain !  and there are 18 million Americans who trace our ancestry to that continent , but keep our homes and hearts right here . Is n't it time to lower the curtain on yellowface for good ?	To celebrate 60th anniversary of Seattle 's Gilbert & Sullivan Society , "  The Mikado " is shown Jeff Yang : Yellowface productions of "  The Mikado " have to end He says an all-white cast of Asian characters in cartoonish costumes is offensive Yang : Racial costuming seems to be resurgent ; we do n't need it in this day and age
Angry . Sad . Grieving . That 's how family members of 62-year-old Carolyn Watkins described their feelings after her body was discovered in a car , days after it was towed from a crash . "  We were wondering where she was , and she was in the car the whole time , " said Algernon Parker , 42 , Watkins ' son . "  Even if it was a dog , that would be bad , but you know , I mean , a human ? Come on now . You do n't even want to leave your dog in the car for 2 to 3 hours . " Watkins ' body was found inside her wrecked car at a tow yard Monday , the same day family members said they reported her missing . Her car was taken to the yard Friday after a trooper discovered it in a ditch in Johnston County , North Carolina . In his report , the trooper noted that no one was in the vehicle . That report has since been called into question , and authorities said they are working to get to the bottom of the case . "  First and foremost , we offer our most sincere condolences to Carolyn Watkins ' family , " said Frank Perry , commissioner of the Department of Public Safety , Law Enforcement Division . "  At this early stage , our main concern is to conduct a thorough and professional investigation so we can determine exactly what happened . " At the request of the Johnston County district attorney , the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation is similarly looking into both the death and the actions of the trooper . Parker 's wife , Patricia , 43 , said the family did not initially report Watkins missing because they figured she had gone out of town for the Easter weekend . Watkins lived with her son and daughter-in-law in Clayton , also in Johnston County . But when she did n't show up or call her job Monday , they knew something was wrong . They filed a report , prompting detectives to go back to the car to search for clues . They found Watkins instead , slumped in the front seat . "  It was terrible she had to lay in that vehicle that long , " Patricia Parker said . At first , family members were worried Watkins may have still been alive when she was taken to the tow yard , but medical officials have since told them that she likely died on impact . Watkins suffered blunt force injuries to the head and neck , according to her daughter-in-law . She blamed the trooper , who was placed on administrative duty with pay following the incident . Watkins had two children and four grandchildren . She loved to garden , cook and was described by both Parkers as someone who never met a stranger . "  I was angry , and now I 'm just sad about it , " said Algernon Parker . "  Tell your loved ones you love them , that 's all . I did n't have a chance to do it . "	Authorities , including the State Bureau of Investigation , are investigating what happened The body of Carolyn Watkins , 62 , was found inside her car at a tow yard Monday The car was towed from a ditch in Johnston County , North Carolina , on Friday
For decades , Johannesburg has suffered from an image problem . Rising crime in the 1990s saw the flight of capital from the central city , with companies relocating their offices to the suburbs and the area becoming a ghost town after dark . Johannesburg became an international case study in urban decay . But in recent years , South Africa 's largest city has been undergoing a rebirth . Thanks to a wave of young entrepreneurs bringing new life to the downtown real estate , hospitality and entertainment scenes , Johannesburg is gradually reinventing itself as the edgy , modern and diverse face of urban South Africa . Adam Levy is a property developer who was born and bred in the city , variously known as Jo ` burg , Jozi and eGoli . After traveling the world in his early 20s , he returned home in 2003 with a vision of bringing some of New York 's hip designer living to his home town . See also : Young , urban and savvy : Meet the Afropolitans Rather than looking to make a home in the city 's desirable northern suburbs , where many residents of the city set their sights , Levy focused on creating desirable new spaces in the city 's downtown , which for many residents had become a no-go area . In an old office building , he developed architecturally-designed apartments sought after by young professionals -- where he lives today . Read also : Dada Masilo , breaking all the rules "  It was right next to the railway track , which most people had a total aversion about . No one wanted to live here and people were going ` Adam , you must be out of your mind . What would compel you to do that ? ' " But the building had clear potential . "  Who in their right mind would n't want to have a view like this ? That , for me , was the catalyst  for  believing that people would want to live downtown , would want to be in an environment like this . " Levy 's other projects include transforming a run-down warehouse into a hub of creative businesses . But reviving the city 's urban zones was not just a case of repurposing old buildings , he said : It was about creating a different mindset . "  You 've got to believe that you can change in the first instance ... You 've got to go out there and actively try and make a process of modifying the way people function , " he said . "  I do n't believe in the culture of 50-foot walls and big electric fences . I think you can engender a different way of engaging with people . " He said the city was beginning to "  find its feet , " despite its troubled recent past . "  Too many of the bad stories make their way to mainstream media , so a lot of people have this negative perception of what 's happening in Johannesburg , " he said . "  The things that are good make up 90 % of the stories , I can assure you . " As crime gradually drops in Johannesburg , dining and entertainment precincts are springing into life . Ziggy Thabethe is a successful restaurant and bar owner , who said he tried to capture some of the spirit of the city during the thriving 1970s at his establishments . "  The city was once very vibrant , if you go back into time , " he said . Although the majority of the population was suffering under apartheid , "  they were still able to say , ` Wow , let 's go out and have some fun . ' " "  The offices were  open  and the city was pumping , and people used to come into the city for good meals . " With money beginning to be reinvested in Johannesburg , people are starting to become more confident about heading out for an evening in the city again . "  I 'm glad I 've been able to attract a very diverse market in terms of my bars , " he said . "  It will be Indians , Chinese , blacks and whites . It 's very ... rainbow nation . " It 's not just locals who are noticing the difference . Johannesburg resident Masego Maponyane said the city 's new lease of life meant that visitors were no longer treating it as simply a transit point on the way to other destinations . "  Foreign tourists are ... coming here in their droves , and they 're absolutely loving it , " he said . "  It 's  no longer a bit of a taboo or risky thing to come here . " Follow the Inside Africa team on Twitter : @CNNInsideAfrica , Presenter Errol Barnett : @ErrolCNN , Correspondent : @Nkepile Mabuse	Rising crime in the 1990s saw capital flight from Johannesburg , South Africa 's largest city Companies relocated their offices , and parts of the city were a no-go area after dark But a wave of young entrepreneurs are bringing vibrancy back to the city center
CNN  -- In death , Michael Jackson is topping charts all over the world again . Stores around the globe are seeing a surge in sales for Michael Jackson 's music . Jackson 's albums hold the top nine positions of Billboard 's "  Top Pop Catalog Albums " chart , according to Nielsen SoundScan sales data released Tuesday . Jackson 's albums are not eligible for the current Billboard 200 chart , which is for newer albums . But if they were eligible , his record sales would bounce the Black Eyed Peas ' current No. 1 album to fourth place , Billboard said . Jackson 's albums "  Number Ones , " "  The Essential Michael Jackson " and "  Thriller " all sold more than 100,000 copies last week , close to 20,000 more copies than the Black Eyed Peas ' "  The E.N.D. " Scores of listeners have downloaded Jackson 's music on iTunes as well . Jackson 's songs were on the Top 10 download lists in 21 countries , according to iTunes ' Web site early Wednesday . Watch crowds pack Apollo Theater for Jackson tribute " In the United States and United Kingdom , Jackson 's introspective song , "  Man in the Mirror , " was No. 1 in iTunes downloads . In France and the Netherlands , "  Billie Jean " was No. 1 . In Sweden , "  Smooth Criminal " was in the top spot , while pop fans in Luxembourg preferred "  Earth Song . " Of the 22 countries that iTunes tracks , Japan was the only one without a Jackson song in its Top 10 . Jackson had 25 songs on the Top 75 "  Hot Digital Songs " chart , according to Billboard . Twenty-one of the songs were solo tunes , while the other four included Jackson 's siblings .	Michael Jackson 's music sales are soaring after singer 's death Three of Jackson 's albums all sold more than 100,000 copies last week Listeners worldwide have also downloaded Jackson 's music on iTunes
CNN  Well-off North Koreans really love baguettes -- and the country is dispatching citizens outside its borders to learn how to make them , says a report by a pro-North Korea newspaper based in Japan . According to the Choson Sinbo , a North Korean factory sent its staff abroad in an attempt to improve its food products -- which include baguettes and sweet potato cakes . No word yet on whether they 've succeeded . But it 's not the first time North Korea has sent its citizens into the world to seeking culinary skills . Last April , officials from the reclusive authoritarian state traveled to the National Dairy Industry College in Franche-Comte , eastern France , in an attempt to master the art of cheese making . But they were turned away at the door . "  There is no basis to go further with North Korea because such a partnership does not fit into our priorities and strategy , " its director Veronique Drouet told AFP . North Korea 's Kumkop food plant is n't just focused on French food , though . In January , North Korea 's Central News Agency  KCNA  said Kim Jong Un toured the factory and asked it to produce chewing gum . Food security remains poor for most North Koreans . The World Food Programme reported a "  severe " food availability situation in the country last September , with rations dipping to their lowest level in three years .	A North Korean food plant has sent staff abroad to try to learn how to make baguettes Last year , North Korean officials went to France to look for cheese recipes
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- International troops in Afghanistan endured another deadly attack Tuesday , a day after 10 NATO-led troops were killed in that country . The body of a U.S. soldier killed in Afghanistan arrives in the United States on Monday . A U.S. coalition service member "  died as a result of injuries " on Tuesday afternoon in a roadside bombing attack on a convoy in western Afghanistan , the U.S. military said . This follows 10 NATO-led deaths on Monday , the highest single-day total in Afghanistan in nearly a year , according to NATO and U.S.-led coalition numbers . Seven Americans , two Canadians and one Briton died in four separate incidents Monday . On August 18 , 2008 , 10 French soldiers were killed when about 100 insurgents attacked a patrol in Kabul Province , and a British soldier was killed in southern Afghanistan when insurgents attacked a patrol with a roadside bomb . A month before that , 10 American troops were killed in two separate incidents on July 13 , 2008 . The latest deaths came as U.S. troops cranked up their fight against the Taliban , a push that includes a major Marine-led offensive against the militants in the southern province of Helmand . Roadside bombs Monday killed four Americans in the northern province of Kunduz and two in southern Afghanistan , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force said . A seventh American died in an insurgent attack in eastern Afghanistan , ISAF confirmed . Two Canadian air crew members and a British soldier were killed when a helicopter crashed during takeoff in Zabul province , the Canadian and British defense ministries said .	U.S. soldier killed in roadside bombing on a convoy in western Afghanistan Follows deaths of 7 Americans , 2 Canadians , 1 Briton in separate incidents Latest deaths come as U.S. forces ratchet up fight against Taliban
Firebrand Sen. Elizabeth Warren joined Senate Democratic leadership Thursday after Senate Democrats convened Thursday to assemble a leadership team for their role as the incoming minority caucus . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , who was elected to continue leading the Democratic caucus in the minority , said he tapped Warren to join Thursday because of who she is . "  I expect her to be Elizabeth Warren , " Reid said explaining what he expects the Massachusetts senator to do as part of the leadership team . Warren , known for hitting populist notes in stump speeches , said she was excited to join the Democratic leadership to continue fighting for the middle class . "  Wall Street is doing very well , CEOs are bringing in millions more and families all across this country are struggling , " she said . "  We have to make this government work for the American people . " And flanked by Warren and the two other women who are joining his leadership team  Sens. Amy Klobuchar and Debbie Stabenow  , Reid said women in the Senate have brought positive change to the legislative body . "  I 've seen this institution change for a lot of reasons , " Reid , who has been in Congress for three decades , said . "  One reason it has changed for good is because of women . Women think differently than men . " Reid also insisted that Democrats would stray from replicating what he described as an obstructionist Republican minority once his party loses the gavel . "  This is not get-even time , " Reid said . "  I do not intend to run the Democratic caucus like the Republican caucus has been run in the minority . " A Senate Democratic leadership aide said earlier that Reid would like Warren to join the leadership because he "  trusts her and her judgment . " And while not every Senate Democrat wants Warren , a high-profile , liberal junior senator in a leadership post , the leadership aide said "  Reid will get his way . " Sen. Jon Tester of Montana also joined the leadership team and will head the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee as Democrats look to reclaim the majority in 2016 . One Democratic senator , Chris Murphy of Connecticut , said the inclusion of Warren is a sign the party mistakenly moved away from core Democratic stances -- such as defending Obamacare on the campaign trail -- and needs to be more focused on middle class issues like raising the minimum wage . "  There 's nobody better than Elizabeth at talking to people who feel this sense of very real economic disenchantment , " Murphy said . Despite the mid-term election losses , Reid and the other top members of the Democratic leadership were all re-elected , although two centrist members of the caucus voted against Reid . "  When you have an election like this , common sense says we need to change things , " said Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri . "  The voice was very loud and unmistakable that most Americans , and most Missourians , want us to change things . To me that means changing leadership and it was just that simple . " Sen. Joe Manchin said the Democrats ' problems are deep rooted and change is needed . "  I voted for a change and that change was not voting for this leadership , " Manchin told reporters . The top GOP leaders were all re-elected : Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky will become majority leader , flanked by Sen. John Cornyn of Texas , Sen. John Thune of South Dakota , Sen. John Barrasso of Wyoming and Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri . Sen. Roger Wicker of Mississippi beat out Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada to lead the National Republican Senatorial Committee . Elizabeth Warren : I 've been treated differently	Warren and two other women senators joined the Senate Democratic leadership team Reid said he picked Warren for the leadership "  to be Elizabeth Warren " Reid said women have improved the Senate 's effectiveness
CNN  -- Millions of BlackBerry users remained without service on Wednesday as a three-day network outage spread to North America , causing massive frustrations for people who rely on these smartphones for business and personal communications . "  BlackBerry subscribers in the Americas may be experiencing intermittent service delays this morning , " Research in Motion , maker of BlackBerry smartphones , said in a statement . "  We are working to resolve the situation as quickly as possible and we apologize to our customers for any inconvenience . We will provide a further update as soon as more information is available . " The outage now impacts people on nearly every continent , according to the company 's statements . An "  extremely critical issue " on the BlackBerry network caused the outage , Stephen Bates , RIM 's managing director in the U.K. , told CNN 's Richard Quest . He added : "  We 're putting all of our focus with all of our engineers and all of our network specialists on trying to understand the nature of why this backup system did n't work as it should have ... " The service outage started on Monday with customers in the Middle East , Europe and Africa , before spreading to South America and Asia on Tuesday . On Wednesday morning it appeared to hit the United States and Canada . The outage appears primarily to affect text messaging and Internet access from the mobile phones , not necessarily their ability to place calls . No customer e-mails have been completely lost , and they will be delivered eventually , RIM said in a press conference on Wednesday afternoon , according to CNNMoney 's Julianne Pepitone . CNNMoney : RIM ca n't win In a statement released Tuesday , the company said the "  messaging and browsing delays being experienced by BlackBerry users in Europe , the Middle East , Africa , India , Brazil , Chile and Argentina were caused by a core switch failure within RIM 's infrastructure . Although the system is designed to failover to a back-up switch , the failover did not function as previously tested . " The company said it is working "  around the clock " to fix the problem . "  A large backlog of data was generated and we are now working to clear that backlog and restore normal service as quickly as possible , " the Tuesday statement said . "  We apologize for any inconvenience and we will continue to keep you informed . " There are about 70 million BlackBerry users worldwide . RIM has not commented on how many users are affected , but reports suggest the number of users without some sort of service has climbed into the millions . BlackBerry users , many of whom use the devices primarily for business purposes , were angered by the outage . Overheard on CNN.com : BlackBerry outage not all bad Many people took to Twitter to both complain about lost productivity and to make light of the situation . "  COME ONNNN . Sort it out #blackberry . This is ridiculous in this day and age , " a Twitter user named @Suzy__G wrote . "  OK , this #Blackberry business is now SERIOUSLY pissing me off , " CNN 's Piers Morgan tweeted . Later , he said : "  One positive of the #Blackberry crisis - my personal trainer ca n't get hold of me . #OrderingBurgers . " " #DearBlackberry I ca n't work , I ca n't study , please , please come back from that coma ! " @marianaae wrote . "  What did the one #Blackberry user say to the other ? ... nothing ... , " said another Twitter user , @giselewaymes . "  And iPhone users everywhere smile smugly and search for the ' I Told You So ' app , " wrote another . A website called isblackberrystillbroken.com popped up to track developments . People who visited the site on Wednesday afternoon were greeted with a red screen and a giant word : "  Yes . " This is not the first time RIM has faced a major service outage . "  I have been an analyst for 25 years and have watched RIM wrestle with this same outage problem time after time . Every few years we get pinched by yet another major problem , " tech analyst Jeff Kagan said in a statement . Is the outage affecting you ? This outage , however , comes at a particularly bad time for RIM , since it faces increasing competition in the smarpthone market , Kagan says . Apple 's iPhone and phones on the Google Android operating system have been gaining ground , and the new iPhone 4S goes on sale Friday . The tech blog Electronista wrote : "  RIM 's outage is now one of its largest in recent memory and is now edging even closer to the iPhone 4S launch than before , leading to a possible temptation for those already looking to upgrade their phones . Commentary on Twitter has shifted gradually from frustrated patience to open anger and has led some to remark that they 're now likely to switch to the iPhone , Android , or another platform . "	BlackBerry outage spreads to North America on Wednesday morning Maker : Cause was "  extremely critical issue " on BlackBerry network Company says it is working "  around the clock " on a fix Customers say the outage has disrupted business and personal lives
CNN  During the 2004 presidential election , I spent time near Canton , Ohio , trying to turn out votes for John Kerry . I visited neighborhoods around the struggling Rust Belt town , knocking on doors and repeating a campaign-prepared script about Senator Kerry 's plans to put the middle class back on track . The voters scoffed at me , surveying their decaying porches with the decaying economy all around them . They blamed trade deals , especially the North American Free Trade Agreement  NAFTA  for the loss of good manufacturing jobs in the area , and laws giving steel and auto plants the chance to move jobs overseas . One after another , each voter reminded me that both parties supported the crappy NAFTA deal that got us into this mess . How could we trust any of them to get us out ? A decade later , just after the 20th anniversary of NAFTA , President Obama is marking the disastrous legacy of free trade policies by working with Republicans to push for even more bad trade deals that would benefit big businesses at the expense of America 's economy and workers . President Obama has outlined an ambitious agenda to help the middle class . But his eagerness to find some area of compromise with Republicans in the form of trade policy risks undermining all his other plans . "  I 'm asking both parties to give me trade promotion authority to protect American workers , with strong new trade deals from Asia to Europe that are n't just free , but fair , " President Obama said in his State of the Union address on Tuesday night as Republicans stood and applauded while Democrats rightly stayed in their seats . Trade promotion authority is a new synonym for "  fast-track authority " which would give the president authority to negotiate international trade agreements on his own . Congress could veto such deals , but could not amend or filibuster them . Fast-track trade authority removes important checks and balances not only in our legislative process but in our economy as a whole . This is a bad idea for two reasons . In recent history , trade deals enacted by Washington have been bad for American workers and our economy . President Obama and Republicans promote trade deals as good for economic growth and job creation . "  Ninety-five percent of the world 's customers live outside our borders , and we ca n't close ourselves off from those opportunities , " President Obama said . However , government data analyzed by the nonprofit Public Citizen shows that under two decades of fast-track trade agreements , U.S. trade deficits have gotten worse -- increasing by over 440 % . Nearly 5 million U.S. jobs -- 1 in 4 manufacturing jobs in America -- have been lost since fast-track deals like NAFTA and related agreements . While President Obama has emphasized that he wants to reduce income inequality , numerous studies say such trade deals have contributed to the rise in income inequality . In fact , wages in the United States have remained mostly stagnant , adjusted for inflation , since the mid-1970s -- when fast-track trade authority was first enacted -- even though worker productivity has doubled in the same period . All of this suggests we need more scrutiny on these trade deals , not less . Given the evidence of the destruction of previous trade deals , we need giant caution signs , speed bumps and roadblocks -- not a fast track . The other problem with fast-track trade authority is that it allows our trade negotiators to unilaterally undermine democratically passed legislation . For instance , the Trans-Pacific Partnership , an 11-nation deal championed by both President Obama and top Republicans in Congress , is not really about trade . Of the partnership 's 29 chapters , only five address trade issues . The other chapters do things like create new monopoly patent extensions for pharmaceutical companies that would raise medicine prices for average Americans , and create a right for foreign firms to import food to the U.S. exempt from our current food safety standards . The Trans-Pacific Partnership would even restrict certain "  buy local " and "  buy American " initiatives -- in other words , preventing American consumers from protesting the trade deal with their own votes and wallets . I should add that this is what watchdogs think is in the Trans-Pacific Partnership deal -- because of document leaks . We do n't know for sure , because while 600 private corporations have been involved in negotiating the terms of the trade deal behind closed doors , even Congress wo n't get to see the terms of the deal until after it 's signed . That 's why many Democrats oppose the deal , and similarly disastrous trade deals like it . If more crummy job-killing trade bills are what comes from bipartisanship , I would rather take more bitter acrimony .	American workers blame trade deals like NAFTA for the loss of good manufacturing jobs Sally Kohn : Obama wants "  fast track " trade authority , which would remove important checks and balances Fast track would benefit big businesses at the expense of workers and our economy
CNN  -- Yves Rossy calls it "  the dream " -- the ancient human yearning to fly like a bird . Thanks to four tiny jet engines and wings with a span of two meters , the Swiss pilot has lived the dream . As "  Jetman , " he 's flown over the Grand Canyon , crossed over the English Channel , and , most recently , soared above the Alps in formation with two jet airplanes . "  I do n't have feathers . But I feel like a bird sometimes , " he said , in an onstage interview with Bruno Giussani at the TED Global conference in July in Edinburgh , UK . "  It 's really an unreal feeling , because normally you have a big thing , a plane , around you . And when I strap just these little harnesses , this little wing , I really have the feeling of being a bird . " The suit , including the four engines , weighs 55 kilograms  121 pounds  and enables Rossy to reach speeds of 190 mph . He has no steering control except the movements of his own body . He can ascend by arching his back or dive by hunching his shoulders ; he turns by moving his head . TED.com : A plane you can drive Rossy , who has piloted commercial jets , got the idea about 20 years ago when he tried skydiving . "  When you go out of an airplane you are almost naked ... you have the feeling that you are flying . And that 's the nearest thing to the dream . You have no machine around you . You are just in the element . " The problem ? "  It 's very short and only in one direction . " Developing the Jetman wings enabled Rossy to travel in other directions than simply down -- and to stay in the air longer . He 's been aloft for as long as 13 minutes . Not every adventure has succeeded . He lost control when trying to cross the Strait of Gibraltar and , deploying a parachute , plunged into the sea . TED.com : Bertrand Piccard 's solar-powered adventure Rossy , as a professional pilot , takes precautions . He has two parachutes , and a third for the jetpack-wing assembly -- that 's his version of an ejection seat . "  I can release my wing when I am in a spin or unstable . " He jumps out of a plane or helicopter to begin his flights , though he hopes eventually to be able to accomplish the riskier feat of taking off from the ground . "  I have the approach of a professional pilot with the respect of a pioneer in front of Mother Nature . " Follow @CNN Opinion on Twitter .	Swiss pilot Yves Rossy flies with only a set of wings and four small engines He uses the movements of his body to steer in the air Rossy has flown over the Grand Canyon and the English Channel
CNN  -- In what is being called a "  milestone " for Iraq 's future , the U.N. Security Council voted Wednesday to free the Baghdad government from sanctions that started during the Saddam Hussein era . "  The adoptions of these important resolutions marks the beginning of the end of the sanctions regime and restrictions on Iraq 's sovereignty , independence and recovery , " Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari told the council . "  Our people will rejoice for having turned a chapter on the aggressive , belligerent and defiant behavior of the previous regime toward international law and legitimacy . " One resolution ends the oil-for-food program and another ends sanctions relating to weapons of mass destruction . A third ends the Iraqi Development Fund as of June 30 . The move is a major step for Iraq toward regaining full sovereignty and improving its standing in the international community . The country will be able to have free and unrestricted international financial and trade dealings and to handle its own oil revenues . And it will be able to start a civilian nuclear power program if it is interested . U.S. Vice President Joe Biden , who chaired the Security Council meeting Wednesday , praised Iraq 's progress toward democracy and meeting its international obligations . Biden issued a statement saying the "  Security Council welcomes the positive developments in Iraq , " including its forging of democracy , its development , and the performance of security forces . "  Politics has emerged as the dominant means for settling differences and advancing interests , " Biden said . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called the development a "  milestone . " "  Its people have known tremendous hardship , " he said . "  They continue to struggle with insecurity and appalling violence . They lack jobs and basic services . But today we recognize how far the country has come in key aspects of its journey to normalize its status in the community of nations . " Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990 , triggering the Gulf War . In 2003 , the United States led an invasion of Iraq , citing Saddam Hussein 's weapons of mass destruction activities as one of the reasons . But , none of those weapons were discovered . While Wednesday 's vote ends sanctions imposed on Iraq from the days of the Hussein regime , other differences remain between Iraq and Kuwait . Zebari said Iraq is committed to settling those unresolved issues bilaterally with Kuwait and his country is "  committed to fulfill its remaining obligations " under Chapter 7 of the U.N. sanctions . "  Iraq still has some way to go to resolve all outstanding issues with brotherly , neighborly Kuwait , " he said . "  There has been positive cooperation and exchange between our two governments to resolve and settle all pending issues between our two countries , emanating from Saddam Hussein 's aggression and invasion of Kuwait in 1990 . " Unresolved issues include demarcation of the Iraqi-Kuwait border and efforts to locate missing Kuwaitis and third-party nationals , and continuing to pay war reparations .	The sanctions were imposed during the Saddam Hussein era The oil-for-food program ends , as does the Iraqi Development Fund Joe Biden chaired the U.N. Security Council meeting
CNN  -- A sensational strike from Poland captain Jakub Blaszczykowski kept alive the co-hosts ' hopes of reaching the quarter finals of Euro 2012 as they held Russia to a 1-1 draw . Russia had looked set for a second successive victory that would have sealed their place in the last eight , thanks to Alan Dzagoev 's third goal of the tournament . Dzagoev reacted quickest to glance home Andrei Arshavin 's first-half free kick and take his place as the tournament 's top goalscorer . But Blaszczykowski struck a superb left-foot equaliser on 57 minutes to earn Poland a second successive 1-1 draw and ensure that Group A remains wide open . Earlier , Czech Republic had kept their qualification hopes alive with a deserved 2-1 win over Greece , who can still qualify for the knockout stages if they beat Russia in their final game . Czech Republic 2-1 Greece The Czechs , needing a response following their 4-1 defeat to Russia , got off to a remarkably fast start . Two goals in the opening six minutes saw them take immediate control of a game they were desperate to win . First , Petr Jiracek took advantage of an incisive pass from Joroslav Plasil to fire past Greece goalkeeper Kostas Chalkias . Greece conceded again three minutes later when lively full-back Gebre Selassie cut in from the right and pulled the ball back beyond the grasp of Chalkias for Vaclav Pilar to bundle in . It was an even worse start than the Greek 's first-half horror show against co-hosts Poland and when the beleagured Chalkias shuffled off to be replaced by Michalis Sifakis midway through the first half , it was hard to tell if he was injured or had simply had enough . Either way , as it had been in their first game against Poland , Greece 's first-half luck was completely out . Proof of that was served when Giorgos Fotakis headed in four minutes before half-time , only to see his effort ruled out for the narrowest of offsides . Their luck slowly began to change after the break , though , and finally turned courtesy of a horrible mistake by Czech Republic 's highly experienced goalkeeper Cech . The Chelsea goalkeeper appeared to have Giorgios Samaras ' low cross covered , but the presence of defender Tomas Sivok seemed to distract Cech , who fumbled the ball to allow substitute Theofanis Gekas to roll the loose ball into an empty net . Having fought back from a goal down and with only 10 men in their first game against Poland , Greece looked set to stage another second-half revival . But their approach play remained predictable and Cech , eager to make amends for his error , was never seriously threatened again . The victory means Bilak 's Czech side now have three points from two Group A games , but leaves Greece knowing that only a win against Russia in their final group game will give them any chance of reaching the knockout stages . Poland 1-1 Russia Tuesday may have been Russia day , but Blaszczykowski 's sensational equaliser ensured it became a national day of celebration in Poland too . The co-hosts remain unbeaten after a second successive 1-1 draw and Blaszczykowski 's 57th-minute thunderbolt provided a fitting hallmark to a hugely entertaining game . It ensured Poland took away the point they deserved , but it could have been more . The co-hosts made a lively start and the impressive Robert Lewandowski saw a crisp left-foot strike fly just over before Eugen Polanski had a goal disallowed for offside . Instead , it was Russia who took control eight minutes before half-time . Andrei Arshavin was the provider , his searching free-kick inviting Dzagoev to ease through a crowded area and steer home a deft header . Russia looked set to build on that lead and Arshavin remained a constant threat , but too often his final pass proved wayward . That was a trait which ultimately came to haunt Russia as , from one such stray ball , Poland broke with devastating effect . When the ball finally found its way to Blaszczykowski , he took one right-foot touch to set himself up for a shot before unleashing an unstoppable left-foot shot that flew past Russian keeper Vyacheslav Malafeev . Malafeev had no chance with that strike but rescued his side on three other occasions to ensure that Russia stay top of Group A -- but with everything to play for in Saturday 's final round of group matches .	Co-hosts Poland share 1-1 draw with Russia in Group A Jakub Blaszczykowski scores stunning equaliser after Alan Dzagoev 's opener for Russia Czech Republic seal 2-1 win over Greece in early kick-off Petr Jiracek and Vaclav Pilar score in opening six minutes before Theofanis Gekas replies for Greece
CNN  -- A Tiger prowling the fairways may be a familiar sight , but at a golf club in Switzerland it is a fox that has emerged as a new star of the game . The antics of a red fox cub at the alpine Verbier Golf Club 's par three Moulins course have sparked the sort of global media interest golf 's big cat Tiger Woods might be proud of . "  The story has gone around the world , " the club 's director Thomas Grech told CNN . "  It 's very , very funny . "  The fox comes every day at the end of the afternoon between four and six o'clock . "  He 's running around in between holes one and six waiting for the players to hit the ball and then directly he is running after the ball and running away with it in his mouth . "  He has a nice red coat . He 's very young and is alone with no other fox . " Nicknamed "  Foxy , " the young fox has been arriving for its regular late afternoon round for the last month . And , rather than being hunted down , the fox is proving to be good for business . "  People are very interested and many people come in the afternoon to see the animal , " Grech explained . "  We live in the mountains so it 's usual to see animals ; we have dogs and cats which sometimes come . "  But it 's not very common to see a savage animal coming so close to people who play on the golf course . It 's very , very special for us . "  My colleague Muriel Guex who looks after the restaurant tells me she has more people in between four and six o'clock for when the fox comes . " See you later , alligator The appearance of a three-legged alligator at this year 's Zurich Classic in New Orleans gave a new meaning to the golfing term water hazard , while a herd of hopping kangaroos at the 2013 Ladies ' Australian Open in Canberra provided an interesting wildlife distraction for spectators . Explore the world 's most extreme courses But the golfers in Switzerland are at ease with the regular appearance of their four-legged friend at Verbier . "  Of course the fox is disturbing the game , " Grech continued . "  But people are not angry at all . There is no problem . "  He is just trying to play with the golfers . " The only downside seems to be the cost of losing all those golf balls . The club estimates that Foxy has snaffled more than 100 balls . Tricky little fox "  We do not know where the balls are , " admitted Grech . "  He has a few holes around the golf course . People have looked for them but no chance . "  It 's more a game for the fox . He is tricky -- but we like the little fox . " Nestled in the Swiss Alps , the village of Verbier is expecting its first snow fall in November for its prestigious ski season ahead . The approaching winter will close the golf course at the beginning of the month and that means the club 's newest player faces an uncertain future . "  In the winter , he will stay more in his hole in the earth , " Grech predicted . "  Maybe next spring we will see the fox . We will see ... "	A fox who waits to catch golf balls has become an unwitting video star "  Foxy " catches balls at Verbier Golf Club in the Swiss Alps He has stolen more than 100 golf balls in the last month Elsewhere , alligators and kangaroos have also interrupted professional events in 2013
CNN  -- A tornado that ripped across part of North Dakota damaged an oil field camp and destroyed at least a dozen recreational vehicles , officials said . The twister touched down Monday evening about six miles south of Watford City , the McKenzie County Sheriff 's Office said . Nine people were injured -- eight who suffered minor injuries , and one who was flown to Trinity Hospital in Minot , the sheriff 's department said . The tornado 's path included an oil field camp five miles south of Watford City , the National Weather Service in Bismark said . The McKenzie County Sheriff 's Office said 12 to 15 RVs were destroyed at an RV park . Severe weather is possible again Tuesday for parts of North Dakota .	The tornado struck an oil field camp in western North Dakota 12 to 15 recreational vehicles were destroyed , the local sheriff 's department says Nine people were injured
CNN  -- Do you use a passcode to protect access to your smartphone ? And if so , do you do that consistently ? Every day , many smartphones get lost -- and found , not always by their owners . What happens with those missing devices ? Security software provider Symantec recently conducted a test to answer that question . It deliberately "  lost " 50 Android phones in Los Angeles , San Francisco , Washington , New York and Ottawa . These phones were loaded with identical apps , files and data -- and none of them was secured by a passcode or swipe unlock pattern . Symantec found that in the vast majority of cases -- more than 95 % -- the people who found these missing cell phones tried to access personal or sensitive information , or services such as online banking or e-mail . Being honest does n't mean people wo n't snoop either . Even though about half of the finders made some attempt to return the lost phone  a contact e-mail and phone number for the "  owner " was listed in the contacts app on each decoy phone  , the vast majority of these people also tried to access data on the phone . "  We did get some nice e-mails from people who said they found the phone , sometimes expressing remorse for using it for a while , " said Kevin Haley , Symantec 's director of security response . "  And some of them actually tried to arrange to return the phones . We were n't trying to research people 's motives and guilt -- that would be a project for a sociologist . But we did learn a lot about the kind of stuff people try to do with phones they find . " On 72 % of the lost phones , finders looked through stored photos . Attempts were made on 60 % of the phones to access social media . More than 40 % of finders tried to access corporate e-mail and online banking . Symantec also placed text files containing a list of passwords for services on the phone  57 % of finders accessed those  and a fake list of employee salaries  accessed by 53 % of finders  . Dubbed "  Project Honeystick "  the name is an homage to the "  honeypot " lure of attractive data or access often employed by cybersecurity practitioners  , Haley emphasized this project was not trying to trap people who breached the privacy of others . Symantec configured the fake apps to appear to have a stored user name and password , so all the finder would have to do was hit "  login . " Two-thirds of phone finders tried to do this . When they got an error indicating that there was a technical problem accessing the service online , "  many people then would look at the ` passwords ' file planted on the phone and then would try again , " Haley said . Obviously , Symantec has a stake in this problem . The company wants to sell mobile security software  which it offers for businesses and also for consumers under the Norton brand  . And software from this and other vendors  such as Lookout Mobile Security and McAfee  can help users track the location of a lost phone and remotely lock it or wipe the data . Haley noted that Symantec software was not installed on the decoy phones , and it was not used to track snooping and access activities by finders of the lost phones . But even if you decide not to buy and install mobile security software , there are some basic steps you can take in advance to protect your phone . First , set a passcode or swipe pattern to lock your smartphone and keep it on there . It 's tempting to disable the passcode if you 're at your home or office , where you might be alone or only around people you trust -- but it 's too easy to forget to re-enable the passcode when you 're heading out the door . Also , you could avoid storing passwords in your mobile apps . But that makes it tempting to use the same password for several services -- a significant security risk not just for your phone but online in general . You might try a password management service such as 1Password or KeePass -- just be aware that these services can get hacked . If you do n't take these precautions and end up losing your phone , it 's a good idea to find a computer quickly and log on to your e-mail , online banking and other services that you access from your phone and change your passwords . Whoever has your phone could change your passwords and hijack your accounts . If you ca n't find your phone , you might want to notify your carrier that it 's been lost , to shut down the service until you can get another phone . People who find or acquire your phone may use it to make a lot of international phone calls , running up your bill . This happened to a friend of mine -- when she reported her lost smartphone , AT&T found that over two days it had been used to place dozens of lengthy calls to Yemen .  Fortunately it waived the bill ; she did n't have to pay for those calls . Losing your phone is n't the only risk to the data it contains . Some police departments are warning citizens that smartphone thefts are a growing trend . Often muggers or snatch-and-run phone thieves just try to sell stolen phones for cash -- but the people who buy them may try to access your data or services . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	In an experiment , a security firm deliberately "  lost " 50 Android phones in certain cities More than 40 % of finders of the phones tried to access corporate e-mail , online banking Avoid storing passwords in your mobile apps to protect your accounts from being hijacked Notify your carrier if you 've lost your cell phone so it can shut off the service
CNN  -- Alabama rode the tide of a commanding halftime lead to beat Notre Dame 42 to 14 to win the BCS National Championship game at Miami Gardens , Florida . The No. 2 Crimson Tide scored on drives of 82 , 61 and 80 yards against the top-ranked and undefeated Irish in its first three drives of the game . They added a 71-yard scoring drive with 31 seconds left in the half to take a dominating 28-0 lead . By that time , despite the fact that the half of the game was yet to be played , many commenters on Twitter were jokingly wondering if Notre Dame would come out of the locker room for the second half . The Irish did , but it did not get much better for them . In fact , one of the biggest hits of the game on Alabama 's quarterback A.J. McCarron came from his own teammate Barrett Jones . The two teammates disagreed on a play call and had to call a timeout to get it cleared up . McCarron got in his lineman 's face and Jones pushed him some three yards back , a feat that Notre Dame could never do throughout the game . Notre Dame also could n't stop Alabama 's running game . Crimson Tide runners Eddie Lacy and T.J. Yeldon both ran for more than 100 yards . Alabama has now won three national titles in the last four years , which had some calling them a dynasty . "  You can call us whatever you want but this was a total team effort , " McCarron said after the game . Alabama coach Nick Saban did not shy away from the D - word . Saban said it was the team 's work ethic that has brought so many victories . "  Because we have a great team we have been able to have a significant amount of success , " Saban said . The last team to win three national championships in four years was Nebraska in 1994 , 1995 , and 1997 . The '97 championship was split with Michigan . Notre Dame Fighting Irish head coach Brian Kelly said his team will learn from the loss . "  We are not there yet , " Notre Dame coach Brian Kelly said . "  Alabama showed us that in the way they played the game . We got a lot of work left to do to get back here . " Bleacher Report coverage of the national title game	Alabama scored on its first three drives Tailbacks Eddie Lacy and T.J. Yeldon both rush from more than 100 yards Notre Dame was ranked No. 1 ; Alabama was No. 2
CNN  -- He may not play on game days , but Michael Sam -- the first openly gay man to be drafted into the NFL -- will at least have a home in the league once the regular season starts : the Dallas Cowboys . The Cowboys announced Wednesday they 'd signed the former University of Missouri defender to their 10-man practice squad , a group that plays during the week with members of the 53-man roster but not during official games . That means Sam is n't likely to record a sack or tackle in front of national television cameras anytime soon . Even so , his signing -- in light of all the attention he has received , as a possible groundbreaker in pro football -- drew plenty of attention . Jerry Jones , Dallas ' high-profile owner , president and general manager , cast the signing as a football decision for the club that is sometimes dubbed America 's Team . "  The facts are that , if he 's good enough to develop as a practice squad  player  and could evolve -- as many players do -- ... into a contributor , then that would be a plus for the Cowboys , " he told reporters . "  That 's it . " Jones touched on Sam 's strengths and weaknesses , describing him as a "  relentless " worker and pass rusher who "  is going to have to make for a little speed  and  make up for a little size . " "  But how many times have we seen that happen ? " the Cowboys ' owner and general manager said . "  That 's what makes football . " One thing that Jones did not express any reservations about is how Sam will fit in the locker room . He noted that his son , Stephen Jones , Dallas ' chief operating officer and director of player personnel , is "  really close friends " with Jeff Fisher , the St. Louis Rams head coach . The Rams drafted Sam -- an All-American defensive end in college -- in the seventh and final round of the NFL draft last May , only to waive him Saturday after four preseason games . Talking about what Fisher told the Cowboys executive about Sam , Jerry Jones said , "  He was an addition to their locker room , he brought a plus to the locker room . " Fisher praised the signing as "  a great decision by the Cowboys , " especially given the injuries they 've suffered recently on their defensive line . "  I hope Mike gets a chance , " the Rams coach said . "  Maybe he can help them . " CNN 's Wayne Sterling , Jill Martin and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Rams coach calls Michael Sam 's signing "  a great decision by the Cowboys " Dallas signed Sam , the first openly gay player drafted in the NFL , to its practice squad The Cowboys owner says that Sam "  could evolve " into a contributor for his NFL team Jerry Jones : Sam was "  a plus to the locker room " of the Rams , who drafted him
CNN  -- A judge has ordered mediation in the case of a teen girl who says her family threatened to kill her for converting from Islam to Christianity . Rifqa Bary , 17 , ran away from her family in Columbus , Ohio , in July . She claims her father threatened to kill her . The 17-year-old girl , Rifqa Bary , ran away from her family in Columbus , Ohio , in July and took refuge in the home of the Rev. Blake Lorenz with the Global Revolution Church in Orlando , Florida . Bary 's parents want her back home . At a court hearing Thursday in Orlando , the girl 's parents denied all the allegations against them . Also at the hearing , Judge Daniel Dawson of the Orange County Juvenile Court ordered the girl and her parents to seek the mediation within 30 days . The judge had previously ruled that the girl will remain in Florida foster care until the allegations are resolved . The parents , Mohamed and Aysha Bary , could not attend the hearing in person but listened through a telephone conference as their lawyer spoke for them . They denied they ever threatened to kill their daughter because she converted to Christianity . Mohamed Bary told CNN he believes a lot of false information has been circulated about the case . "  We would n't do her harm , " the father said , adding that he knew his daughter was involved with Christian organizations . "  I have no problem with her practicing any faith , " he said . But Bary conceded he would have preferred that his daughter practice the Muslim faith first . The teen had heard of pastor Lorenz and his church through a prayer group on Facebook . The girl 's parents reported her missing to Columbus police , who found her two weeks later in Florida through cell phone records . The teenager , in a sworn affidavit , claims her father , 47 , was pressured by the mosque the family attends in Ohio to "  deal with the situation . " In the court filing , Rifqa Bary stated her father said , "  If you have this Jesus in your heart , you are dead to me ! " The teenager claims her father added , "  I will kill you ! " Watch the teen talk about her fears " Also at Thursday 's hearing , the judge sealed a report on the girl from the Florida Department of Law Enforcement and issued a gag order for attorneys in the case . At one point during the hearing , the girl 's court-appointed guardian , Krista Bartholomew , told the court : "  This is not a holy war but a case about a broken family . " Outside the courthouse after the hearing , a Muslim activist and several Christian activists exchanged words over the case . Watch the heated exchanges " Another hearing is scheduled for September 29 if the family is not able to resolve the conflict through mediation .	Teenager claims father threatened to kill her because she converted to Christianity Parents of teen have denied all allegations against them Rifqa Bary , 17 , ran away from Ohio home ; took refuge in home of Christian pastor Judge orders teen and her family to seek mediation within 30 days
Clearwater , Florida  CNN  -- Prosecutors in Pinellas County , Florida , on Wednesday sought to convince jurors that a young woman accused of stabbing to death an 18-year-old woman last year did not act in self-defense but intended to attack her because both women were fighting over the same man . Rachel Wade , 20 , is accused of killing Sarah Ludemann in the early hours of April 15 , 2009 . According to court records , the two women were involved with Joshua Camacho , then 20 , and over a period of several months engaged in a series of nasty confrontations over him via MySpace postings , text messages and voicemails . The situation escalated when the two women confronted one another outside a friend 's home . Wade stabbed Ludemann , who was unarmed , twice in the chest , and Ludemann died at the scene . The defense is arguing that Wade , at 5-foot-4 and 110 pounds , acted in self-defense -- fearing for her safety when she was confronted by Ludemann , 5-foot-9 and 166 pounds , and two other women . But in the opening day of the trial Wednesday , the prosecution sought to portray Wade as the initial aggressor , who waited for Ludemann with a knife and barely gave her time to get out of her vehicle before attacking her . Four witnesses to the night of the confrontation testified before the six-person jury Wednesday : Janet Camacho , the sister of Joshua Camacho and a friend of Ludemann 's ; Jilica Smith , a friend of Janet Camacho 's ; Ashley Lovelady , Ludemann 's best friend ; and Dustin Grimes , a friend of Wade 's ex-boyfriend . Smith and Janet Camacho both testified that while they were driving to a McDonald 's with Ludemann in her minivan , they heard their friend on the phone with Wade and said they heard Wade tell her , "  I 'm going to stab you and your Mexican boyfriend . " Ludemann grew upset , according to the testimony , and learned of Wade 's whereabouts when she happened to pass Lovelady on the road on their way to McDonald 's . Lovelady told the women that she had seen Wade at her ex-boyfriend Javier Laboy 's house , according to Camacho . Ludemann then rushed over to Laboy 's house , where Wade was at her car with a knife nearby , Janet Camacho and Smith testified . Ludemann pulled her minivan to an abrupt halt , its nose about 5 feet from the front of Wade 's Red Saturn , and began to get out of the vehicle , according to testimony . Within a matter of seconds , prosecutors say , Wade grabbed the knife and approached the driver 's side of the minivan and attacked Ludemann between the driver 's open door and the minivan . However , Grimes , the final witness of the day and who was standing outside Laboy 's house when the stabbing occurred , testified that the three women jumped out of the minivan at the same time and approached Wade . He said the attack occurred between the two cars . His testimony , given via videotape from his military posting overseas , could be key to the defense as it seeks to build its case around self-defense . Prosecutors played the 911 call placed on the night of the incident by Smith , who can be heard screaming that "  Rachel just ... stabbed her . " Both Smith and Wade wiped away tears as the audio recording was played . Prosecutors are expected Thursday to play other recordings of threatening voicemail messages left on Ludemann 's cell phone by Wade in the eight months before the attack . In an August 29 , 2008 , voicemail , Wade can be heard saying "  I 'm guaranteeing you I 'm going to ... murder you , " according to testimony at a prior hearing in the case . The jury will also hear from police officers who responded to the incident , as well as the medical examiner . Wade , who was 19 at the time of the killing , faces life in prison -- a minimum of 20 and a half years -- if convicted of second-degree murder in the case . In Session 's Beth Karas contributed to this report .	Rachel Wade is accused of stabbing to death 18-year-old Sarah Ludemann Prosecutors say Wade planned the attack because both women were fighting over the same man The defense says Wade acted in self-defense Wade faces up to life in prison if convicted of second-degree murder in the case
CNN  -- Comedian and impersonator Fred Travalena died Sunday afternoon after a seven-year battle with cancer . He was 66 . Comedian Fred Travalena had a 40-year career in show business . Travalena -- known as "  The Man of a Thousand Faces " -- died at home in Encino , California , surrounded by family , according to his publicist . He was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma in 2002 and prostate cancer in 2003 . Following five years ' remission , the lymphoma returned in 2008 . "  Since that time , he has been in and out of treatment , consisting of chemotherapy , surgery and radiation , " spokesman Roger Neal said . During Travalena 's 40-year career , he entertained audiences with impressions of celebrities such as Frank Sinatra , Dean Martin and Bob Hope . He was a regular on the "  Tonight Show , " with Johnny Carson . Travalena is survived by his wife of 39 years , Lois ; sons Fred IV and Cory ; daughter-in-law , Kelly ; and a granddaughter . Private services will be held this week , with a public memorial service to be announced later .	Travalena known as "  The Man of a Thousand Faces " Comedian had battled non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma and prostate cancer Travalena was a regular on the "  Tonight Show "
CNN  French security agencies stopped monitoring the brothers who attacked the staff of Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine months before they carried out the attack , despite a previous tip-off from American intelligence agencies that one of them had likely trained with al Qaeda in Yemen , a French news magazine reported Saturday . Charlie Hebdo terror attacker Said Kouachi is suspected of slipping off for terror training in Yemen in July 2011 during a trip he made with another French national to Oman in July 2011 , according to multiple French officials who spoke to L'Express national security reporter Eric Pelletier . Pelletier shared the details of his reporting with CNN . U.S. intelligence agencies developed intelligence suggesting a high probability he slipped across to Yemen during the trip to Oman , and informed their French counterparts , according to Pelletier 's French sources . The French responded by placing Said Kouachi under surveillance in November 2011 by issuing a "  Fiche de Surveillance " -- a survillance notice , multiple French officials told Pelletier . The surveillance was conducted by both DGSI -- France 's domestic security service -- and later by the judicial police . Wiretaps were authorized for his cell phones and that of his brother Cherif . A U.S. official told CNN 's Barbara Starr that Said Kouachi 's 2011 travel lasted three or more months and that he is believed to have trained with al Qaeda in Yemen during that period . But the surveillance of Said was terminated in June 2014 because French security services judged him no longer dangerous , Pelletier was told . The surveillance of his brother Cherif stopped earlier -- at the end of 2013 . Cherif 's phone calls suggested he had disengaged with violent extremism and was focusing on counterfeiting clothing and shoes . French intelligence believe there is a strong probability Cherif also traveled to Yemen for a short trip in 2011 , separately from his brother . Pelletier 's sources said that Cherif Kouachi was already under some form of control order in France at the time . He had previously served a prison sentence , after being convicted of terror offenses in 2008 for being part of a recruitment network for al Qaeda in Iraq . Pelletier said it was not clear what type of control order he was under . Some require the surrender of passports , while others require regularly reporting to designated officials . Morten Storm , a former jihadist who became a double agent working for western intelligence services , told CNN 's Nic Robertson that training trips such as Kouachi 's were a regular part of operations for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula when the terror group 's external operations head was Anwar al-Awlaki , an American imam . Recruits were told to return home and avoid any appearance of radicalization . "  And that is what Anwar al-Awlaki had asked me for in the past to get brothers , i.e. , Muslim terrorists , to get them over , " Storm told Robertson . "  But the condition was that they had to have a clean passport and they had to have a clean name . They do not have to be under any sort of radars or surveillance or interest by the government . So , they had to be totally clean from that . " Al-Awlaki was killed by a U.S. drone strike on September 30 , 2011 . Around this time , or soon after , Said Kouachi is believed to have returned to France . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Tim Lister and Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	The Kouachi brothers were monitored by French agencies because of their histories , L'Express says But monitoring faded months ago despite a U.S. tip-off that one brother had trained with al Qaeda in Yemen
CNN  -- Olympic 1500 meter champion Rashid Ramzi has been stripped of his gold medal after testing positive for doping at the 2008 Beijing Games , the International Olympic Committee  IOC  has announced . The Bahraini runner , his country 's first Olympic champion , also faces a two-year ban from track and field . Moroccan-born Ramzi tested positive for CERA , an advanced version of the endurance-boosting hormone , EPO . The 29-year-old 's disqualification means that Kenya 's Asbel Kipruto Kiprop will be awarded gold , New Zealand 's Nicolas Willis has been upgraded to silver and fourth-placed Frenchman Mehdi Baala will get bronze . Ramzi was one of five athletes who were caught out by a new test for CERA and all have been punished . The other medallist to test positive was Italian cyclist Davide Rebellin , who won silver in the individual road race . Also being sanctioned are German cyclist Stefan Schumacher , Greek 20km walker Athanasia Tsoumeleka and Croatian runner Vanja Perisic . Under IOC rules all five will be barred from the 2012 London Olympics . The IOC statement read : "  The samples were collected and tested at Games-time and were subject to further analysis earlier this year when a fully validated test to detect CERA became available . "  Originally , six athletes showed adverse analytical findings in their A samples . However , one athlete was not sanctioned due to the presence of CERA not being detected in her B sample . " Ramzi is the highest profile star to fall foul of the new test and agency reports said he would appeal the decision to the Court of Arbitration in Sport . In 2005 he did the 800 and 1500m double at the 2005 world athletics championships , becoming the first man to do so at a global event since New Zealand legend Peter Snell in 1964 . Ramzi originally competed for Morocco , but switched to cash-rich Bahrain in 2002 after joining their armed forces .	Bahrain 's Rashid Ramzi stripped of Olympic 1500m gold from Beijing Ramzi tested positive for CERA an advanced version of blood-booster EPO Four other athletes who tested positive for CERA also sanctioned Moroccan-born Ramzi also faces two-year ban from track and field
CNN  -- Obsessed with keeping social order , China is now pushing to revise its laws in ways that will broaden police powers . The National People 's Congress last week released a proposed revision of the Criminal Procedure Law that would allow the police to detain suspects for up to six months , at a location determined by the police , in cases that involve state security , terrorism or serious cases of corruption . The existing law requires the police to notify families of detainees within 24 hours . If revised , the law will allow police to secretly detain suspects , if they believed notifying relatives or a lawyer "  may hinder the investigation . " Critics say the proposed legislation could legitimize and potentially increase the number of secret detentions . "  It  would give the security apparatus free rein to carry out ` disappearances ' lawfully , " said Sophie Richardson , China director of Human Rights Watch . "  Legalizing secret detention puts detainees at even greater risk of torture and mistreatment . " Nothing better illustrates such concerns than the case of Ai Weiwei , the high-profile artist who was detained by Chinese authorities in April as he was about to board a flight for Hong Kong . He was released in June -- after 81 days in police custody . He was later accused , but not formally charged , of tax fraud . His family denies the allegation and believes he was targeted due to his social and political activism . In a commentary published last week , Ai complained that "  the worst thing about Beijing is that you can never trust the judicial system . " Pu Zhiqiang , Ai 's lawyer , says the proposed revision has grim implications . "  Ai Weiwei and I have been through secret detentions , " Pu tells CNN . "  The police said they could do so because we 're endangering national security . They 've always resorted to such measures , but the revision will legalize them , which is horrifying . " "  While being held in an unspecified location , the detainee will be subject to mistreatment that might not be possible if he or she were in a proper detention center , " says human rights researcher Joshua Rosenzweig . In recent days , China 's mainstream media have run stories saying that the revisions were meant to improve protection of individual rights , and that police powers to carry out secret detention would be limited to exceptional cases . Xinhuanet.com , citing an article published by Huaxi City Paper , says the concerns and criticisms are "  due to misreading of the revision . " China 's legislature has enjoined the public to comment on the proposed revisions until the end of September , before lawmakers formally take them up . On Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , many netizens are already giving the proposed revisions a thumbs-down . One "  laohu lushi " writes : "  If you follow the logic of the new amendments , it would be secret detention , secret arrest , secret imprisonment followed by secret trial and eventually secret execution . " Yaozhuaide Fenghua asks , "  Who has the right to interpret ` suspected of crimes against national security and terrorism ? ' The officials . How much longer than 24 hours can secret detention exceed ? The police decide too . They can extend your detention at their will a month , 10 years -- without telling your family ! " In fact , several revisions to the Criminal Law have been recently enacted , including a reduction in the number of non-violent economic crime punishable by death and the addition of some new criminal offenses , including drunk driving and endangering food safety and damaging the environment . "  It 's fair to say that there are welcome changes , " says Joshua Rosenzweig , citing examples such as excluding confessions or testimony obtained through torture . "  But the effectiveness of those changes will depend on how uniformly the provisions are enforced . " The past 25 years China has come a long way in improving the country 's legal system and replacing "  renzhi "  rule of men  with "  fazhi "  rule of law  . China has issued a plethora of laws and statutes covering everything from crimes to intellectual property infringement . The legal profession has regained its status . Chinese leaders see the need for such a legal system to manage China 's intractable problems -- including endemic corruption , social injustice , wealth inequality and environmental degradation . Last March Premier Wen Jiabao warned that the party needed to tackle "  excessive concentration of power and lack of check on power , " if China were to have a socially stable society . Yet , despite guarantees in the country 's 1982 constitution that "  no organization of individual may enjoy the privilege of being above the law , " critics complain that due process is still applied capriciously . In recent months , China 's rulers have increasingly relied on criminal and administrative punishment to suppress growing demands for social justice , honest government and political freedom . Jittery over rising social unrest , they have taken tough measures to avert any kind of Middle East-style "  Jasmine Revolution , " detaining dissidents , harassing their lawyers and supporters and tightening political control . Giving the police more power , critics say , is one such measure . Can the revisions be blocked ? "  We will voice our opinions , but we are not optimistic it will make an impact , " said Pu , Ai 's lawyer . "  We 'll try our best . " In China the end can always justify the means . Nowadays , the end is social and political control .	If revised , law will secret detention , if notifying relatives or lawyer will hinder probe Activist-artist Ai Weiwei 's lawyer says proposed revision has grim implications China 's mainstream media have run stories saying revisions will help individual rights On Twitter-like Weibo , Netizens give proposed revisions a thumbs-down
CNN  -- If you are already in college or headed there , sit down . If you 're the parent or friend of a student , listen up . One in five college women will be raped , or experience an attempted rape , before graduation . Less than 5 percent will report these crimes to officials on or off campus , and , when they do , there 's a good chance the system will let them down . A handful of former students who spoke out and reported rapes at their schools told CNN they did n't feel protected by their universities . They were initially interviewed as part of an investigative series by the Center for Public Integrity , a Washington-based nonprofit that says it seeks to make institutions more transparent and accountable . The women welcomed the chance to share their experiences and offer advice to students today . "  I was too young , still in too much shock and too emotionally gone to make decisions on my own , " said a woman who , as a freshman , reported a rape in 2001 . "  I needed an adult I trusted . The school did not provide such a person . " The shocking statistics of rape and attempted rape on campus came to light in a study conducted by the U.S. Department of Justice nine years ago . But the recently released series published by the Washington center shows that while federal law requires schools to act on sexual assault allegations and look out for the rights of victims , many higher-education institutions are n't making the grade . "  Schools are aware it 's a problem , a big problem , " said Kristen Lombardi , the center 's lead reporter for Sexual Assault on Campus : A Frustrating Search for Justice . She pointed to a "  culture of silence " and said critics say , "  The biggest sin is one of omission . They 're just not dealing with this issue head-on in a public manner with their student bodies . " Over the course of nine months , Lombardi and her colleagues spoke to 33 women who 'd reported rapes , interviewed about 50 experts and surveyed more than 150 crisis clinics and programs on or near campuses . They also reviewed cases and combed through 10 years of complaints against institutions that had been filed with the Department of Education . The alleged rape victims and others shared stories of secretive hearings , administrators who encouraged students to drop complaints and failures to sufficiently pursue the accusations and seek punishments when warranted . Others spoke of gag orders , confidential mediations where women sat across from their attackers and feelings of being revictimized at the institutions they thought would help them . Many said administrators appeared more concerned with protecting their employer , or the school 's reputation , than they were with protecting students . A number of women ended up leaving their universities . One student in the investigative series was written about posthumously , after killing herself . Part of the problem stems from ignorance , said S. Daniel Carter , the director of public policy for Security on Campus , a national organization committed to advancing safety for students . For one , he said acquaintance rapes , which dominate campus assaults , are often wrongly dismissed as "  misunderstandings . " And lack of coordination when it comes to responses is n't helped by the fact that too few school officials are trained to understand the impact of sexual assaults . "  People are going to do the best they can , but they only have limited knowledge based on their profession , " said Connie Kirkland of George Mason University in Virginia , a school that 's emerged as a model for others . Kirkland , the school 's director of sexual assault services , has held this position since the office was established in 1993 , making it among the first of its kind . She said the university jumped to action soon after then-Gov . Douglas Wilder issued in 1992 recommendations regarding campus sexual assaults . And while other Virginia schools made efforts early on , Kirkland said that when Wilder left office in 1994 , most schools folded their programs . Meantime , budgetary woes at schools across the country mean the programs that do exist often come and go , she added . Kirkland said nothing serves victims better than having a clear point of contact on campus , an office and professionals who are trained -- and can train others -- to understand all aspects of these sexual assault crimes , including legal options , the psychological toll and health concerns . A compassionate and well-meaning professor , administrator or residential adviser , for example , may listen , but they ca n't be expected to provide full-fledged therapy or tell a student what it means to file a police report or go to court , she said . And a therapist ca n't offer legal navigation any better than a law enforcement officer can be responsible for emotional processing . The women who spoke to CNN described what they would have done differently if they 'd known then what they know now . In general practice , CNN does not name sexual assault victims . Here , in their own words , is their advice : Feeling invincible , an age of denial and disbelief "  I wish I 'd been less trusting of my surroundings , " said a woman who said she was assaulted as a sophomore in 2007 . "  In college , you feel as if you are invincible , when in reality , trouble could be hiding behind the façade of a casual get-together or a party where you feel completely safe . Always keep control of yourself and your surroundings , and keep a close eye out for your friends as well . "  And if you are a friend of a person who has been assaulted , all I can say is that though it might be hard , please listen and support that person , " continued the former student , who said she was "  met with a response that I never expected -- laughter and disbelief . Because of that , I kept silent until my attacker assaulted a friend of mine almost a year later . " Said another rape victim : "  Do not binge drink or leave drinks unattended . " Reaching out elsewhere , protecting your interests "  I wish I 'd told my parents sooner , " said a woman who reported a campus rape that happened in her dorm room in 2003 . "  My parents now know about it , but when it initially happened , they did not . I was just so ashamed . "  You 're too inhibited to make rational decisions , to understand emotionally what 's going on , " she added . "  Whether it 's outside counsel , law enforcement , a friend or a parent , do not rely on the university to serve your best interests . And do n't sign anything . " Seeking out professionals who understand "  Get help from a professional as soon as possible . I spoke with a counselor at Victim 's Assistance a few days after my assault , and that was crucial in helping me overcome this . There are a lot of different emotions after you are assaulted , and speaking with someone who really understands sexual assault is imperative , " said a woman who reported a gang rape by athletes in 2001 when she was a sophomore . Furthermore , she said , "  Family members and friends are also victims when this happens to someone they care about . The technical term is ` secondary survivors . ' Sometimes it is difficult for them to deal with their own emotions and still be supportive to the primary survivor . Secondary survivors should not be afraid to get professional help , or to speak with a counselor about their own feelings . That way , they are not projecting their emotions onto the primary survivor . Seeking professional help also gives you options , and it is important to know all of your options after you are assaulted so you can choose how to overcome this . "	Study : 1 in 5 college women victim of a rape or an attempt , but only 5 percent report crimes A Center for Public Integrity investigation shows schools often fail victims Problem is lack of coordination and understanding of sexual assaults , experts say Trust less and , if assaulted , find adult to protect your interests , former victims say
CNN  -- Investigators found "  widespread cracking " on the skin of a Southwest Airlines Boeing 737 that made an emergency landing in Arizona after a hole opened on top of the aircraft during flight Friday , a National Transportation Safety Board member said Sunday . A flight attendant received minor injuries when the hole opened and the cabin depressurized 18 minutes after the plane took off from Phoenix bound for Sacramento , California , NTSB member Robert Sumwalt told reporters . The flight data recorder indicated the plane was cruising at 36,000 feet when it depressurized , but it dropped to 11,000 within 4 1/2 minutes , Sumwalt said . The pilot initially planned to return to Phoenix to land , but after the flight attendants reported seeing blue sky through the jet 's roof he made an emergency landing at a military base in Yuma , Arizona , Sumwalt said . The initial inspection found "  clear evidence that the skin separated at the lower rivet line " where "  the skin comes together on the aircraft , " Sumwalt said . The cracking would likely not be visible during routine inspections , but could have been seen when the plane underwent major maintenance and was disassembled in March 2010 , Sumwalt said . The hole that opened up was 5 feet long and 1 foot wide , he said . Southwest mechanics cut away the section of the plane containing the hole and are sending it overnight to the NTSB laboratory in Washington , the board said . Southwest grounded 79 of its planes for inspection for "  aircraft skin fatigue " Saturday . As of Sunday afternoon , 19 planes were returned to service after "  intense inspection , " the airline said in a statement . However , "  small , subsurface cracks " or indications of cracks were detected in three other aircraft . "  Further evaluation and potential repairs will be necessary before those planes are returned to service , " the statement said . The additional cracks found Sunday were no more than 1/4 inch in size , the NTSB said . The inspections of the remaining aircraft are expected to be completed by late Tuesday . Boeing is sending a service bulletin to airlines with recommendations for how to inspect their planes for similar cracks , the NTSB said Sunday . Southwest canceled about 300 flights Saturday and Sunday to accommodate the inspections . It advised customers to check the status of their particular flight or rebook their trip before heading to the airport . Representatives from the NTSB , the Federal Aviation Administration , Boeing and the airline organized into teams to investigate the aircraft 's structure , metallurgical aspects of the plane , flight data recordings and its maintenance records , Sumwalt said . Meanwhile , some of the 118 passengers who were aboard the crippled Boeing 737 said they had feared for their lives . "  We were in shock , " passenger Debbie Downey told CNN Saturday . "  We were in row 16 and my husband and I could see blue sky ... the wiring , the cabling . It actually was terrifying . " She said , "  a lot of people were crying and holding hands " but had trouble hearing due to the noise of air rushing through the plane 's opening . "  It was very , very scary . " "  I heard a loud popping sound about three or four minutes before it blew open on us , " passenger Greg Hansen said . "  Then  a big explosion happened . A big noise , and from there , you felt some of the air being sucked out . It happened right behind me , in the row behind me and it covers about 2 1/2 rows , " he said from seat 11C . Hansen , 41 , a regional sales manager for a biotech company , was flying home to Sacramento , California , from a business trip . Some people panicked and screamed as the blue sky and sun began to shine through the cabin in midflight , he said . "  Most people were just white knuckles holding onto the arm rests . The pilots did a great job and were under control to get us to a manageable level , " he said . But just behind him , Hansen said he could see the jagged edge of the aircraft where the rivets used to be . "  You can see the insulation and wiring . The interior ceiling panel was bouncing up and down with the air , " he said . "  It was surreal , when you 're riding in a modern aircraft . You 're used to being enclosed and not having the window rolled down , " he said . Passenger Brenda Reese told CNN affiliates KCRA and KOVR she began to fear for her life . "  I was texting my sister to make certain that she told my kids that I loved them , " Reese said . Southwest Flight 812 , which had a five-member crew , then made an emergency landing at Yuma Marine Corps Air Station/International Airport at 5:07 p.m.  7:07 p.m. ET . The Federal Aviation Administration said the captain made a rapid , controlled descent from 36,000 feet to about 11,000 feet after the cabin lost pressure . Southwest said it provided a full refund , an apology and two complimentary round-trip passes on the airline for future flights . The second flight landed in Sacramento on Friday night . Boeing spokeswoman Julie O'Donnell declined to comment on possible causes of the incident . "  Boeing is committed to ensuring safe flight and to supporting our customers , " the company said in a statement . "  We are working closely with Southwest and are providing technical assistance to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board as it investigates the incident . " A total of 288 Boeing 737-300s are currently operating in the U.S. fleet , and 931 operate worldwide , according to the FAA . Journalist Rachel Elzufon contributed to this report .	"  Small , subsurface cracks " found in three other Southwest planes Fatigue where "  the skin comes together " would not be easily seen by mechanics , the NTSB says The last inspection that could have detected the cracking was done in March 2010 , the NTSB says The section around the hole is being cut away and sent to a government lab for study
CNN  -- The man accused of hacking celebrities ' online accounts -- from which private images were ultimately posted on the Internet -- says he became "  addicted " to the intrusion and "  did n't know how to stop . " "  I deeply apologize . I know what I did was probably one of the worst invasions of privacy someone could experience , " Christopher Chaney told CNN affiliate WAWS/WTEV in Jacksonville , Florida , Wednesday . "  And these people do n't have privacy to begin with . And I was in that little sliver of privacy they do have . " Federal authorities accuse the 35-year-old of hacking into accounts on computers and other devices belonging to more than 50 people , including movie stars Scarlett Johansson and Mila Kunis and singer Christina Aguilera . Chaney was indicted on charges of accessing protected computers without authorization , damaging protected computers , wiretapping and aggravated identity theft , officials said . "  Unfortunately , Mr. Chaney was able to access nude photos of some of the celebrities and some of them were uploaded on the Internet , " U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said Wednesday . A recently circulated nude photo of Johannsson is part of the investigation , he said . Chaney allegedly "  also took financial information , movie scripts and conversations that the celebrities believed to be private , " Birotte told reporters . The FBI 's Los Angeles office said he was arrested as part of "  Operation Hackerazzi , " which looked into computer intrusions targeting individuals associated with the entertainment industry . In the interview with WAWS/WTEV , Chaney said the hacking "  started as curiosity and it turned into just being , you know , addicted to seeing the behind-the-scenes of what 's going on with these people you see on the big screen every day . " "  It just happened and snowballed , " he said , adding that he wishes it had never begun . Chaney said he felt "  almost relieved months ago " when authorities seized his computer because "  I did n't know how to stop doing it myself . I was n't attempting to break into e-mails and get stuff to sell or purposely put it on the Internet . It just -- I do n't know . " Authorities allege that Chaney distributed photos of the celebrities that he obtained illegally and offered them to various celebrity blog sites . Some of the illegally obtained files , including private photographs , were ultimately posted online "  as a result of Chaney 's alleged activities , " authorities said in a statement . "  I 've had like six months to think about it , " Chaney said , "  it eats at me ... When you 're doing it you 're not thinking about what 's going on with who you 're doing it to . " Chaney allegedly was able to access passwords by monitoring social media and other online sites that the celebrities used , said Steven Martinez , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Los Angeles field office . "  You may have selected a password that 's meaningful to you that you may disclose online with friends , " Martinez said . "  Your pet 's name or whatever . That 's a clue to a hacker , to start there . " The suspect used several aliases such as "  trainreqsuckswhat , " "  anonygrrl , " and "  jaxjaguars911 , " authorities said in a news release . Chaney also allegedly used public sources to mine data about his victims , which included both males and females , all associated with the entertainment industry , authorities said . Authorities allege that once Chaney hacked into a celebrity 's e-mail account , he would use the contact lists to find other celebrities ' e-mail accounts . This allowed him to add new victims , authorities charge . Chaney made his initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Jacksonville , Florida , on Wednesday afternoon , and was released on a $ 10,000 unsecured bond with the conditions that he ca n't use any computer or other device with Internet access and he ca n't have any controlled substances or excessive use of alcohol , said Laura Eimiller , an FBI spokeswoman in Los Angeles . Chaney 's next court appearance will be at 10:30 a.m. Friday for an identity hearing in the same courthouse , Eimiller said . Chaney has been indicted on nine counts of computer hacking for gain , eight counts of aggravated identify theft , and nine counts of illegal wiretapping , Birotte said . If convicted of the 26 counts , Chaney would face a maximum of 121 years in federal prison , Birotte said . The aggravated identity theft charge alone carries a mandatory two-year prison sentence , he added . Chaney allegedly set his victims ' accounts to automatically forward their e-mails to his account , Birotte said . This allegedly allowed Chaney to continue to receive celebrities ' e-mails even after a password was reset , authorities said . Martinez said authorities coined the term "  hackerazzi " to describe this kind of intrusion . "  The paparazzi is always chasing them down , and now you have a virtual way of doing it by looking at posts they put on social media sites , " Martinez said . In 2005 , hackers logged into Paris Hilton 's phone and stole photos of her , according to Mikko Hypponen , chief research officer at the F-Secure computer security company . Those hackers reportedly were able to break into Hilton 's phone by correctly guessing the not-so-secret answer to her security question , which was "  tinkerbell , " the name of her pet Chihuahua . In August , rapper Kreayshawn wrote on her blog that her Twitter account was hacked when naked photos of her showed up there . In March , Vanessa Hudgens of "  High School Musical " underwent a similar ordeal after photos were reportedly stolen from her Gmail account . And in December , police in Germany alleged two young men had used computer-hacking skills to gain access to the e-mail accounts and photos of more than 50 celebrities , according to Britain 's The Telegraph , including the likes of Lady Gaga and Ke $ ha . In the wake of the latest celebrity hacking allegations , some have started to assume celebrity photo leaks are the newest front in the so-called "  hacktivist " wars , waged by big-name hacking rings such as Anonymous and LulzSec . Those groups have claimed responsibility for taking down bank and government websites . But security experts said connections between celebrity hackers and groups such as Anonymous are thin or nonexistent . "  It 's obviously to gain media exposure , right ? " said Kevin Mitnick , a hacker turned security consultant and author of "  Ghost in the Wires . " "  It 's like everyone is trying to one-up Anonymous and one-up LulzSec . So somehow celebrities are becoming a target . " CNN 's Michael Martinez , Josh Levs , Carey Bodenheimer and John D. Sutter contributed to this report .	It 's "  probably one of the worst invasions of privacy , " Christopher Chaney says Chaney says he was not attempting to sell anything He was charged with accessing and damaging protected computers , wiretapping , aggravated ID theft Victims include Scarlett Johansson , Mila Kunis , Christina Aguilera
CNN  If ignorance is bliss , then America must be a pleasure junkie , because we sure are chasing that dragon . The most recent example : A school in New York sought to celebrate "  National Foreign Language Week " by having the pledge of allegiance read in a different language every day . You get one guess as to what happened when it was Arabic day . Complaints came in from both Jewish parents and people who had lost family in Afghanistan , according to the school superintendent . What language do they speak in Afghanistan ? Not Arabic . The main languages are Dari and Pashto . Perhaps this complaint illustrates why we need more education , not less . Unfortunately , this was n't an isolated incident . Earlier this year in Florida , parents were up in arms because a school taught about Islam in a history class . And , there are perennial stories about "  Americans " offended by a Spanish recitation of the pledge . Because of the outcry , Pine Bush students will now not hear the pledge in Italian , Spanish , Japanese , or French , as planned . That they were deprived of such a pedagogical exercise is bad enough . What is worse is that the school district felt that it had to apologize . The district 's statement was a surrender to ignorance . "  The intention was to promote the fact that those who speak a language other than English still pledge to salute this great country . We sincerely apologize to any students , staff or community members who found this activity disrespectful . " Instead of the Pine Bush students learning about other languages and cultures , they learned that the "  heckler 's veto " and phony tales of "  offense " trump open mindedness and the quest for knowledge . At least they do in modern-day American education . Perhaps this is a lesson best learned now , because once they get to college , it will be even worse . Our universities were once places where ideas were safe to flourish , and we went to question what we knew . Today , they are places where disfavored ideas are all but banned . According to students , Dixie State  Utah  bans posters that "  mock " anyone , including former president Bush . Last year , Smith College 's president apologized and there was a student outcry because students had "  hurt feelings " when alumna Wendy Kaminer argued at a panel discussion moderated by the college president against using the euphemism "  the n-word " in historical discussions . She believed that using the actual word , in context , was proper  and it is  . Yes , censorship of ideas and speech is no longer a top-down or parent-driven phenomenon . Now students themselves insist on being insulated from anything that might make them question their beliefs . Instead of debating an anti-abortion protester , Oregon University students preferred to call the campus police -- who briefly took their side . George Will was slated to speak at Scripps College in a program specifically designed to challenge students ' prevailing views . But , since he challenged the feminist view of sexual assault on campus , Scripps pulled his invitation . When I went to college , I enjoyed challenging my beliefs . I still do . I hope that my children constantly do the same . That is how we grow . If we can not tolerate foreign languages , or distasteful ideas , even in an educational setting , what hope do we have ? When we have orthodoxy of thought , the very notion of liberty begins to shrivel up and die . When the cry of "  I 'm offended " can shut down debate over philosophies , or learning about other cultures , or learning other languages , then what have our educational institutions become ? How much further will this enforced ignorance and orthodoxy need to go before education is just another word that comes untethered from its meaning ? And the very inspiration for this column , a debate over the pledge of allegiance , makes the problem even more glaring . A rote and thought-free-chant of mindless allegiance ca n't even be expressed in a different language ? Is America really so fragile that if a citizen proclaims "  fidelità agli Stati Uniti " that it means anything less because it is in Italian ? Perhaps this highlights more than the fact that we should step away from the brink of ignorance while we can . Perhaps a good place to start is by doing away with enforced orthodoxy of thought and speech in the first place . Perhaps a good place to do that would be by doing away with the pledge of allegiance itself . Perhaps if we pledged to uphold the Constitution , instead of a piece of cloth , we would be reminded of what really built this nation -- the Spirit of the Enlightenment . No views are so sacred that they need not be challenged . Whether we are talking about learning to say the Pledge in Japanese , or hearing a speaker who challenges our beliefs , that is what education is about , not enforced ignorance .	NY school district canceled its experiment with the Pledge for "  National Foreign Language Week " Marc Randazza says the outcry over an Arabic version was a triumph of ignorance over education
CNN  -- The United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency confirmed Monday that uranium enrichment has begun at a nuclear facility in northern Iran . On Sunday , a fundamentalist Iranian newspaper with ties to the nation 's supreme leader said the enrichment had begun at the plant , which is "  immune to any military attack . " Security Clearance : Iran 's underground program "  Based on reports we received yesterday , Iran has begun uranium enrichment at the Fordo facility at the height of the threats by foreign enemies , " the semi-official Kayhan newspaper said . "  The IAEA can confirm that Iran has started the production of uranium enriched up to 20 % " at Fordo , said International Atomic Energy Agency spokeswoman Gill Tudor . "  All nuclear material in the facility remains under the agency 's containment and surveillance . " The Fordo nuclear enrichment plant is in the mountains of Qom province , where Iran says it has 3,000 centrifuges in operation . Another nuclear facility in Natanz is said to have 8,000 of the machines enriching uranium . Iran says there 's a medical purpose behind the nuclear program . "  In order to provide medical assistance to 800,000 cancer patients , Iran needs to enrich uranium up to 20 % to be able to feed Tehran 's  research  reactor that produces the needed radioisotopes , " the paper reported . In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman Victoria Nuland said the confirmation that Iran is enriching uranium to "  a level that 's inappropriate " is "  obviously a problem . " "  We are closely monitoring their nuclear program in general , and this development , given their track record and what the IAEA inspectors have been able to report , it 's not a surprise to us , what we 're hearing . " She said the IAEA has been able to get into the Fordo facility "  on and off . " "  They 've been able to get into some facilities at some times , but what they 're finding , as they get in there , is that Iran is not complying with its obligations , " she said . "  Iran plays this game with the inspectors . They let them go some places at some times when it seems to suit their purposes , but that does n't change the fact that what the inspectors are now reporting is that they are taking the next step and escalating their violations of their own commitments . " The Iranian government announced in July that it was installing a new generation of centrifuges in its nuclear facilities . At the time , the French Foreign Ministry called the development "  a new wave of provocation " that flouted U.N. resolutions . Enriched uranium at low concentrations can be used to fuel power plants , but in extremely high concentrations it can be used to produce a nuclear bomb . Uranium enriched to between 3 % and 5 % is necessary to make fuel for reactors . Weapons-grade uranium is enriched to about 90 % . If Iran is enriching uranium to 20 % , "  this is a further escalation of their ongoing violations with regard to their nuclear obligations , including the legally binding U.N. Security Council resolution , " Nuland said . "  So , obviously , we call on Iran once again to suspend enrichment activities , cooperate fully with the IAEA and immediately comply with all Security Council and IAEA board of governors resolutions . " "  When you enrich to 20 % , there is no possible reason for that , if you 're talking about a peaceful program , " she said . "  So it generally tends to indicate that you are enriching to a level that takes you to a different kind of nuclear program . " Iran 's development of missile and nuclear fuel technology has led to U.N. sanctions and accusations from Washington that the clerical regime is trying to develop nuclear weapons . Security Clearance : What might prompt the U.S. to attack Officials in the United States and other Western nations have ratcheted up sanctions against Iran since a November report by the IAEA said the Iranian government was developing the technology needed to build a nuclear weapon . Last month , U.S. President Barack Obama announced sanctions against Iran 's central bank . "  We are putting a great deal of pressure on Iran broadly because of its rogue behavior , if you will , the fact that it wo n't live up to its international obligations with regards to its nuclear program , " White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday . "  Those actions that we 're taking in concert with our international partners have had a significant impact on Iran , on the Iranian economy . " He added , "  I believe it was just last week where the new sanctions , when they went into effect , had the impact of causing the Iranian currency to drop dramatically . So we work with our partners , as well as unilaterally , to increase that pressure . " Iran says it has a right to peaceful nuclear technology . The IAEA has said it can not verify whether the intent of Tehran 's nuclear program remains peaceful . Security Clearance : Iran 's influence in South America In Sunday 's report , the fundamentalist paper appeared to thumb its nose at the West . "  Fordo is located deep inside mountains and due to its location is immune to any military attack , " the article said . "  Locating the 20 % enrichment facility at Fordo means that the military threat option against Iran 's nuclear program will be removed from the table forever and the West will be forced to slowly realize the immunity of this program against any foreign threat . " CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr and Ivan Watson contributed to this report .	NEW : The U.S. says the enrichment is "  further escalation " by Iran The IAEA confirms uranium enrichment has begun at the Fordo plant Iran says its nuclear program has a medical purpose , a semi-official newspaper reports Iran needs to enrich uranium to 20 % for radioisotopes to treat cancer , Kayhan reports
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Amanda Bynes ' claim that a microchip implanted in her brain made her tweet bad things about her father could be key evidence in keeping the actress in a mental facility , according to experts . Bynes , 28 , was admitted to a Pasadena , California , facility on an involuntary emergency psychiatric hold Friday , but a probable cause hearing must be held this week if her doctors want to keep her there . Her admission to Las Encinas Hospital came hours after Bynes posted a series of tweets alleging her father verbally , physically and sexually abused her . However , she disavowed responsibility for the accusations in a tweet a short time later : "  My dad never did any of those things The microchip in my brain made me say those things but he 's the one that ordered them to microchip me . " Bynes then boarded a flight from New York to Los Angeles , where she told reporters at the airport that she was there to file a lawsuit against her parents . While she was told that a limo driver was taking her to a lawyer 's office in Pasadena before going to a West Hollywood hotel , she was instead driven to the hospital -- which resembles an office park -- where her parents ' lawyer was waiting for her . "  In a perfect world , one would be honest about getting a person into a psychiatric hospital , but from her past behavior we have seen that Amanda Bynes avoids psychiatric hospitals at all cost because she does n't believe that she 's sick , " Dr. Carole Lieberman , a Los Angeles psychiatrist who has followed Bynes ' story , told CNN on Sunday . If the psychiatrists at Las Encinas Hospital decide to extend Bynes ' involuntary treatment beyond the initial 72 hours allowed for evaluation under California 's "  5150 " law , they must convince a mental health referee that she is "  a danger to self , to others or is gravely disabled , " Lieberman said . There does not have to be any expressed desire to kill herself , but the doctors need to show evidence that her behavior was so dangerous that it "  presented a risk to herself , if not others , " Lieberman said . One reason for keeping psychiatric patients on an involuntary hold is if they are "  having auditory hallucinations " or they are "  responding to internal stimuli , " according to guidelines on the Los Angeles County Superior Court website . Unless Bynes volunteers to stay in treatment , the doctors must make their case , according to attorney Wendy Patrick . "  They ca n't just make up evidence . It has to be true and observable . The hearing is not just a rubber stamp . " The ups and downs of Amanda Bynes Her tweet about a microchip forcing her to write negative things about her father would not be the only potential evidence , based on her very public history of odd behavior and several criminal charges . Bynes was arrested on a DUI charge in Sherman Oaks , California , last month . Her arrest report noted a "  disheveled appearance . " Her last several days in New York included an incident at a clothing store in which security officers accused her of shoplifting . She was let go after signing a "  no-trespass agreement , " TMZ reported . Bynes was charged with a hit-and-run in 2012 , hospitalized for treatment last year after a psychological evaluation and put on probation after a DUI earlier this year . And she was arrested after allegedly tossing drug paraphernalia out of the window of her New York apartment in May 2013 . This is the second time Bynes has been placed under an involuntary psychiatric hold . The previous instance came in July 2013 after she was "  involved in a disturbance in a residential neighborhood " in Thousand Oaks , California . She eventually entered an inpatient psychiatric facility and was later released into her parents ' custody . In September : Amanda Bynes arrested on DUI charge The latest episodes of odd behavior come a year after her parents told CNN their daughter was "  making great strides towards recovery " from mental illness . She enrolled into the Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising in Los Angeles at the start of 2014 , but she dropped out in the summer . Bynes ' parents will not be allowed to attend the administrative hearing , which would be held at the hospital , unless their daughter invites them , according to court guidelines . They have not publicly indicated if they will ask a judge to give them legal control of their daughter under a conservatorship . Lieberman said if Bynes is returned to a conservatorship under her parents , as was done last year , they need to work with a psychiatrist to "  work out the family dysfunction . " People magazine reported in 2012 that Bynes tried to emancipate herself while still a minor , though she never moved out entirely . CNN 's Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Doctors must decide if they want Bynes kept on an involuntary psychiatric hold An administrative referee would hold a hearing at the mental hospital this week Bynes claims her father had a microchip implanted in her brain The actress was admitted to a California hospital Friday
CNN  -- New photographs released by NASA have captured images of a vast stellar formation resembling a human hand reaching across space . NASA 's Chandra Observatory captured this hand-shaped image of an X-ray nebula . The image , taken by NASA 's space-based Chandra Observatory telescope , shows an X-ray nebula 150 light years across . It shows what appear to be ghostly blue fingers -- thumb and pinky clearly discernible from index , ring and middle digits -- reaching into a sparkling cloud of fiery red . NASA says the display is caused by a young and powerful pulsar , known by the rather prosaic name of PSR B1509-58 . "  The pulsar is a rapidly spinning neutron star which is spewing energy out into the space around it to create complex and intriguing structures , including one that resembles a large cosmic hand , " NASA says . The space agency says B1509 -- created by a collapsed star -- is one of the most powerful electromagnetic generators in the Galaxy . The nebula is formed by a torrent of electrons and ions emitted by the 1,700-year-old phenomenon . The finger-like structures are apparently caused by "  energizing knots of material in a neighboring gas cloud , " NASA says . NASA scientist Patrick Slane told CNN that he and his fellow astronomers were more interested in the make up of nebula rather than its hand-like appearance . Watch Slane explain the discovery " "  To tell you the truth , when I first saw the image , it was n't a hand structure that jumped out at me at all , it was other more complex structures , " he told CNN . "  We really concentrated on how this thing could be made rather than what it might be . "	Image taken by NASA 's space-based Chandra Observatory telescope Formation is 150 light years across , 1,700 years old Photo shows what appears to be ghostly blue fingers reaching across Galaxy
CNN  -- CBS ' newest "  How I Met Your Mother " episode was supposed to serve as the latest and greatest installment in the series ' ongoing gag about soundly , if humorously , slapping around a good friend . Only thing is , some in the Asian-American community saw it as a slap in the face . The sitcom 's Monday show generated buzz on social media , but not for the reasons its creators intended . Instead , some reacted angrily to the decision to recast lead character actors -- all of them white -- in yellowface and to dress them in stereotypical Asian attire . ` DWTS ' cohorts defend Julianne Hough 's blackface costume "  Yellowface ? Orientalism ? Fu Manchu ? What ? " tweeted one person , referencing the term "  oriental " that many Asian-Americans find offensive . "  Not okay @cbs . " On Wednesday , the creators of "  How I Met Your Mother , " which is in its final season , acknowledged the controversy and that some people had been offended by the portrayals in the show . Carter Bays tweeted that the episode aimed to be a "  silly and unabashedly immature homage to Kung Fu movies . " But Bays added that some did n't see it as funny at all , and for that , "  We 're deeply sorry . " "  We try to make a show that 's universal , that anyone can watch and enjoy , " Bays said , in remarks seconded by the show 's co-creator , Craig Thomas . "  We fell short of that this week , and feel terrible about it . " The episode was titled "  Slapsgiving 3 : Slappointment in Slapmarra , " continuing a tradition on the series about solitary , powerful , ritual slaps among friends . This one starts with the main characters sitting in their favorite bar , with Marshall Eriksen  played by Jason Segel  explaining how he had sought out "  special training " to deliver Barney Stinson  played by Neil Patrick Harris  an especially epic slap . Lawmaker apologizes for blackface costume A kung fu master spurned his first attempt at instruction , explaining , "  Kung fu is an ancient and honorable martial art . It must be learned with great devotion and respect . " Then a young boy in the studio comes out of nowhere and tells Marshall how he can master "  the slap of a million exploding suns . " Despite Barney 's disbelief , Marshall explains his yearlong journey to Shanghai and Cleveland getting schooled by three masters who teach him speed , strength and accuracy . Each of these masters are played not by Asian actors , but other actors on the series adorned in Asian garb , yellowface and , in one case , a Fu Manchu mustache . The episode climaxes 17 hours before the wedding of Barney , who receives a mighty slap that literally leaves him red in the face . Out of nowhere , the group Boyz II Men then comes out and signs about the "  so awesome " slap . Some viewers reacted angrily to the episode the next day , including several who used the #HowIMetYourRacism hashtag . There were a number of people who rallied to the show 's defense , saying people were overreacting . But others did n't think anything about the ordeal was funny , with some jabbing the program for its lack of minorities and playing up Asian stereotypes . "  Incredibly easy for white people to say ` that was n't racist , ' " one person tweeted . "  Not so easy for PoC " -- shorthand for people of color -- "  to be marginalized their entire life . " Halloween costume campaign spawns meme , fuels race debate	A "  How I Met Your Mother " episode recast 3 of its actors , all white , to be Asian They are in yellowface , stereotypical Asian clothes , even a Fu Manchu Some find the portrayal of Asians offensive , tweet to #HowIMetYourRacism The show 's creators apologize , with one saying he feels "  terrible "
Colombo , Sri Lanka  CNN  -- When 58-year-old G. Siripala , a Sri Lankan prisoner serving a 10-year sentence for theft , was escorted by armed prison officials to Colombo 's National Hospital with severe back pain , doctors rushed him for an X-ray . Doctors thought he might have orthopaedic complications , a source familiar with the matter told CNN . "  But the X-ray showed a cell phone and two hands-free kits . " Medical staff prepared to carry out a surgical procedure on the prisoner , the source said . "  However , the man said ` Sir , sir , please give me a moment . ' He coughed , wriggled , shrugged his muscles and the items fell on the ground , " the source said . The awkward incident reveals how Sri Lanka 's prison officials discovered the latest round of phone smuggling into the high security Welikade Prison , in the northern sector of the capital , Colombo . The prisoner explained his situation to the doctors , recounting how had been chatting on the cell phone with a relative when prison officials carried out a surprise check on his ward , the source said . "  He had no place to hide it . So he thrust it in his rectum together with the two hands-free kits , " he said of the prisoner . At nighttime , to avoid detection , the prisoners cover themselves with a bed sheet , hide the phone near the body and use the hands free kit , the source added . Cat caught with saws , drills and phone in Brazil prison Siripala 's undoing came when the person he had been speaking to rang back . The ringing tone came from his back and prison officials grabbed him , the source said . The prisoner alleges he was beaten by prison guards , causing the back pain that resulted in his trip to hospital and subsequent X-ray . Prison officials contacted by CNN declined to comment on the matter because there was no such complaint of abuses . Siripala was kept under observation for a day at the National Hospital and discharged on Friday , the source familiar with the matter said . A prison guard stood by his side at all times until he was escorted out in a prison van . Smuggling of cell phones into prison is an all-too-common occurrence , forcing prison officers to use hand-held detectors , Commissioner General of Prisons P.W. Kodippili told CNN . "  Most prisoners , particularly when they are taken to courts for cases , return with mobile phones given by outside parties . We have minimized the problem and are on the alert and catch them when they come in , " said Kodippili , who is in charge of all of Sri Lanka 's prisons . According to Kodippili , the "  worst offenders " are female prisoners . He told how one , a drug addict , had hidden two mobile phones in her person after a trip to court . "  She had gone to the toilet and sought the help of another prisoner to use a thin piece of iron to pull it out . She was wounded and bleeding . We had to rush her to the prison 's hospital . " Kodippili said jammers have been installed in prisons . However , one mobile phone operator had a tower near Welikade Prison and this was causing a technical glitch . "  Very soon we will introduce body and parcel scanners , " he added . Sperm smuggling alleged at terror prison	An X-ray reveals a cell phone and two hands-free sets hidden in a prisoner 's rectum Sri Lanka 's prisons chief says the smuggling of phones into jails is a big problem Prisoners talk at nighttime using hands-free sets under the covers to avoid detection They often acquire the cell phones when they leave the prison to attend court
Coastal Living  -- Whether scaling a mountain or rounding a bend , nothing beats the sight of water from a hiking trail . Shore to shore , here are great spots for hitting the trail and seeing the coast . Hikers will find snow-white beaches , coastal marshes and maritime forests along Mississippi 's Gulf Islands National Seashore . Maine : Camden Hills State Park Hiking is a way of life on the Maine coast -- especially in the Camden Hills , a range of low mountains surrounding Camden , Rockport and Lincolnville , where vistas of the Atlantic Ocean are just a short stroll away . Take the park 's Megunticook Trail to Ocean Lookout for a magnificent view of Penobscot Bay and Mount Battie . Call 207/236 -3109 during park season or 207/236 -0849 off-season , or visit maine.gov / doc/parks/programs / db_search . British Columbia : Lighthouse Park Across English Bay from Vancouver , Lighthouse Park offers a coastal wilderness experience in sight of the big city . The West Vancouver Trail leads straight to the shore and down to a rock bluff . Here you can see the 60-foot-tall Point Atkinson Lighthouse . The 5-kilometer route includes several challenging changes in elevation , but at a leisurely pace , you should be able to hike it in a couple of hours . For information , visit westvancouver.net/article.asp?a=2011&c=766 . California : Redwood National Park South of the Oregon border , hikers will discover a flamboyantly scenic trail in Redwood National Park . The Yurok Loop to Hidden Beach explores the lagoon area of the 40-mile Coastal Trail pathway . Cypress , alder , and dense coastal scrub shroud hikers on their way to views of the shoreline . The beautiful cove of Hidden Beach serves as a turnaround . For information , call 707/465 -7306 or visit nps.gov / redw / . Michigan : Hiawatha National Forest This easy trail in the Hiawatha National Forest near Mackinac Island leads to a perfect spot for a picnic on a Lake Huron beach . The Upper Peninsula hike does n't skimp on scenery . You might spy a great blue heron or bald eagles perched nearby . For information , visit www.fs.fed.us/r9/forests/hiawatha/ . Florida : Canaveral National Seashore Just north of the Kennedy Space Center , Canaveral National Seashore offers 24 miles of secluded beaches with dunes and lagoons . The Castle Windy Trail leads hikers from the ocean through the coastal hammock and past an ancient Indian midden . No boardwalks or signs detract from the splendor of this mile-long sand trail . For information , call 321/267 -1110 or visit nbbd.com/godo/cns/trails.html . Newfoundland : East Coast Trail For a hike that 's really out there , try Newfoundland 's East Coast Trail , crossing the easternmost land in North America . It runs for about 335 miles past towering cliffs and headlands , sea stacks , deep fjords and a natural wave-driven geyser called the Spout . Intentionally left unspoiled , the trail leads over large rocks and along cliff edges . For information , call 709/738 -4453 or visit eastcoasttrail.com . Alaska : Kachemak Bay State Park The Emerald Lake Trail in Kachemak Bay State Park , near Homer , covers the highlights of Alaska . The 13-mile round-trip hike climbs 1,650 feet , passes a glacier and crosses a log bridge . Other park hikes pass below the high-tide line and offer access to glaciers , forested coves and alpine peaks . For information , call 907/269 -8400 or visit acrossalaska.com/kbaypark.html . New York : Fire Island National Seashore About an hour east of New York City , hikers can find panoramic vistas , coastal plain ponds , harbor seals and maritime grasslands . The Sunken Forest Nature Trail is a 1.5 mile boardwalk , but you 'll want to focus on the 32 miles of Fire Island beach . Although your eyes will be drawn to the ocean and bay views , remember to look down to see the beach plum and beach heather along the way . For information , call 631/563 -4354 or visit nps.gov / fiis / . Texas : San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge Birders know it . Now you do , too . The Texas coast is a major habitat for migrating birds . For a close view of wildlife , the Cow Trap Trail , about 70 miles south of Houston , lets hikers travel from high to low marsh on a 1.5-mile levee . Flocks of ibis and other wading birds are often on display . But watch out for alligators ! They often sun on the banks of Moccasin Pond . For information , call 979/964 -3639 or visit fws.gov/southwest/refuges/texas/texasmidcoast/index.htm . Mississippi : Gulf Islands National Seashore Explore Mississippi 's natural coastline on Nature 's Way Trail , just 9 miles outside of Biloxi . Reopened after Hurricane Katrina damage , the Davis Bayou route passes snow-white beaches , coastal marshes and maritime forests on your easy hike through the national seashore . For information , visit nps.gov/archive/guis/extended/MIS/indexMS.htm . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright © Coastal Living , 2009	Canaveral National Seashore in Florida offers 24 miles of secluded beaches San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge in Texas is a good spot for birding Camden Hills State Park in Maine offers magnificent views of Penobscot Bay
Tokyo  CNN  -- U.S. Navy personnel are taking precautionary measures after instruments aboard an aircraft carrier docked in Japan detected low levels of radioactivity from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , the Navy said Tuesday . The USS George Washington was docked for maintenance in Yokosuka , about 175 miles  280 kilometers  from the plant in Okuma , when instruments detected the radiation at 7 a.m. Tuesday  6 p.m. ET Monday  , the Navy said in a statement . Personnel will limit outdoor activities and secure external ventilation systems there and at a nearby air facility in Atsugi . "  There is no appreciable health risk , and we are being very conservative in our recommendations , " U.S. Naval Forces Japan Commander Rear Adm. Richard Wren said . In a recorded video message , Wren said the additional radiation exposure over the past 12 hours had been less than one month 's exposure to naturally occurring background radiation . Workers are scrambling to cool down fuel rods and prevent a full meltdown in three reactors at the earthquake-hit Fukushima Daiichi plant . Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan warned Tuesday that the risk of further releases of radioactive material from the plant remains "  very high . " Radioactive steam has been released intentionally to lessen growing pressure in the reactors . But radiation levels at the plant increased Tuesday to "  levels that can impact human health , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters . The announcement came after an explosion at the plant 's No. 2 reactor . In addition , Edano said , the building housing the No. 4 unit -- which had been shut down before Friday 's earthquake -- was burning Tuesday morning , On Monday the Navy said it was repositioning ships after tests had detected low levels of radioactivity on 17 U.S. Navy helicopter crew members that had been conducting disaster relief missions in Japan . No further contamination was detected after the crew members washed with soap and water , the Navy said . The Navy 's Monday statement , however , provided some perspective , noting that the maximum potential radiation dose received by ship personnel when it passed through the area was "  less than the radiation exposure received from about one month of exposure to natural background radiation from sources such as rocks , soil , and the sun . " CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and Bob Kovach contributed to this report .	NEW : Commander : "  We are being very conservative in our recommendations " The Navy is limiting outdoor activities and securing ventilation systems The Navy says the radioactivity detected comes from the Fukushima Daiichi plant Workers at the plant are scrambling to prevent a full meltdown
Washington  CNN  -- Call me crazy , but I recall when presidential candidates ran for the high office because they had things to say . The notion went like this : I have ideas that I think will be great for the country . I have thought about them , vetted them with experts , spoken about them throughout my career . I have refined them , many times , even changed some . And now I think it 's time to run for the presidency , armed with those ideas to present to the nation . So imagine my surprise when , at a recent debate , Texas Gov. Rick Perry turned to Mitt Romney and , with a certain amount of disdain , sniffed , "  Mitt has had six years to be working on a plan . I have been in this for about eight weeks . " In other words , I 'll get back to you . So , is it really a bad thing that Romney spent years working on ideas -- changing some , obviously -- to prepare for another presidential run ? Or is it actually worse that Perry first had a team of consultants and strategists , and then got to work on the ideas part of the program ? Ronald Reagan did n't have to cram a belief system into a new 10-point plan to save the country , because he knew what he believed -- and refined and road-tested his plans -- before he ran . Neither did Bill Clinton , who did have a ` Putting People First ' plan , which contained ideas on welfare reform and education that he had spoken about for years . Both men had beliefs -- and of course , ambition -- before they had presidential campaigns . How quaint . This time the process is oddly perverse . A large chunk of the Republican party base is looking for a candidate to fill their own belief system : fiscal and social conservative , tough on immigration , tax-cutter , and on and on . They could go with Romney -- and probably will , in the end -- but they 're skeptical about his bona fides . They did n't like him last time around , and they 're afraid to like him this time . So they 're auditioning . The tea party activists have become the GOP 's theatrical directors . Michele Bachmann played well in Philly , but never made it to Broadway . Perry looked right for the part , but blew his lines . And Herman Cain , well , he 's very entertaining . They 're looking for the sort of artistic perfection which , as we have all learned , is not necessarily a presidential trait . They like Cain 's 9-9-9 tax plan , but he 's too unreliable on the abortion issue . They may like Perry 's new optional flat tax , but cringe at his more liberal views on immigration that allow the children of illegal immigrants to get in-state tuition in Texas . And what about Bachmann claiming , without any proof , that the HPV vaccine can cause mental retardation ? Not exactly a presidential move . When Perry entered the race as the fave du jour , it was n't because of his specific ideas , or his specific record , or his specific abilities : It was because the GOP base had a slot to fill , and they thought he was the guy to fill it . He was conservative , after all . Then he appeared on stage , and somehow appeared smaller than the role demanded . He began the campaign with an energy plan -- predictable from the governor of Texas . But when pressed for more , he finally delivered a flat tax -- an updated version of the Steve Forbes flat tax that never quite caught on enough to get him nominated when he ran in 1996 . It 's an idea Perry has always said he liked , but now he apparently owns it , having cooked up his own version on the fly . There 's a strange whiff here of back-of-the-envelope campaigns . Cain has a tax plan that catapulted him to the lead , then Perry tries out another catchy plan to regain the lead . "  It 's a gimmick in response to a gimmick , " says Vin Weber , a Romney adviser . So could it be that Romney 's problem is that he is n't gimmicky enough for these tryouts ? He 's got a serious , boring , 59-point  how un-gimmicky is that ?  plan for the economy that does not include a silver bullet to fix all . He does not believe there is one . Yet if you asked Romney to recite all 59 points , I bet he could do it . I bet he has actually thought a great deal about each one . As he learned the hard way the last time around , presidential politics is a different kind of drama : You ca n't win the lead by reading other people 's lines . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger .	Borger : Traditionally presidents have run for office based on long-held beliefs She says candidates such as Rick Perry are running first , putting out plans later Perry 's new tax plan seems like a gimmick designed to help him regain lead , she says Borger : She says Romney developed ideas before he started his campaign
The noodles were not just tasty . They were addictive . A Chinese noodle vendor in northern Shaanxi province has been detained for 10 days after admitting he added powdered poppy plant -- from which opium is made -- to his dishes to keep customers coming back , Chinese media has reported . The owner said that he bought 4 catty  2kg  of the substance for 600 yuan  $ 98  in August . He said he added it to his food to make it taste better and to improve his business , the Huashangbao paper reported . The opium-laced noodles came to light after police stopped a vehicle driven by a 26-year-old man and tested him for drugs not long after he had consumed a bowl of the noodles . The man was detained for 15 days on charges of drug abuse and was not released until family members told police how they had also eaten at the same restaurant and tested positive for the drug . The paper said the risk of becoming a drug addict from the laced noodles , even if eaten continuously for a long period of time , was unlikely . It added that lacing food with opium poppy was not uncommon in China , with similar cases in 2010 and 2012 . Report : Opium poppy cultivation rises to new levels in Afghanistan	A Chinese noodle vendor admits adding powdered opium poppy plant to his food . He said he added it to make it taste better and to improve his business . Laced noodles came to light after a customer tested positive for drugs Vendor has been detained by police .
Washington  CNN  -- By now , many Americans are used to getting random e-mails allegedly from "  friends " with weird-looking links embedded in them , or what looks like SPAM from fake companies inviting you to click on a link to reset your password . But what you may not know is that shady Internet practices could be playing a dangerous role in international cyber warfare . From China to Russia to the Middle East to African countries in transition after the Arab Spring , attacks launched from overseas against American companies and private citizens have now become a primary fear of the U.S. government , according to the annual intelligence community 's worldwide threat assessment released Tuesday . "  Threats are more diverse , interconnected and viral than at any time in history , " Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said in testimony prepared for the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence . Report : Cyberattacks a key threat to U.S. national security "  Attacks , which might involve cyber and financial weapons , can be deniable and unattributable , " Clapper said for Tuesday 's hearing . "  Destruction can be invisible , latent and progressive . " The Senate committee is talking with Clapper and other administration officials this week in an annual round of hearings on international threat assessments . Cyber security firm Mandiant recently linked China to cyber espionage and attempts to steal American trade secrets . "  We see two sets of attackers in broad groups . We have intruders who are nation states who conduct espionage . They 're going after as you mentioned trade secrets , information that they can use to improve their own companies back home . And we also see criminal groups , " Richard Bejtlich , chief security officer of Mandiant , told Soledad O'Brien on CNN on Monday . National Security Adviser Tom Donilon also sounded the alarm in his remarks on Monday to The Asia Society in New York . "  Increasingly , U.S. businesses are speaking out about their serious concerns about sophisticated , targeted theft of confidential business information and proprietary technologies through cyber intrusions emanating from China on an unprecedented scale , " he said . "  The international community can not afford to tolerate such activity from any country . As the president said in the State of the Union , we will take action to protect our economy against cyber-threats , " he said . The White House signaled that cybersecurity would be a top priority during President Barack Obama 's second term . On the same day as the State of the Union address last month , Obama signed an executive order aimed at quelling cyberespionage against U.S. government agencies and American businesses . The order also seeks to shore up defenses of the critical infrastructure vulnerable to cyberattacks . Obama administration takes on hackers stealing trade secrets "  We know hackers steal people 's identities and infiltrate private e-mail . We know foreign countries and companies swipe our corporate secrets , " Obama said during the State of the Union address . "  Now our enemies are also seeking the ability to sabotage our power grid , our financial institutions , and our air traffic control systems , " he said . The president stressed the urgency of swift action . "  We can not look back years from now and wonder why we did nothing in the face of real threats to our security and our economy , " he said . For instance , that link in an e-mail from a trusted friend could really disguise a malicious file or "  bot " intended to steal your passwords , log all your keystrokes or ultimately put your bank accounts , personal details and other private information in the hands of cyber criminals or foreign governments . Now imagine that happening thousands of times a day , every day of the year , all across the country . The effect could put broader networks and secure data at risk . Foreign governments can also monitor some data networks , cloud computing and wireless transmissions in efforts to steal sensitive information . The United States is seeking a more muscular response to the growing threat from foreign hackers interested in obtaining business trade secrets . Cloud threats and firewalls : Internet guru demystifies cyber security The response , seen in a 150-page report unveiled by Attorney General Eric Holder and other leading government officials earlier this year , includes pledges by the Justice Department and FBI to crack down on hacking , a guide for corporations vulnerable to attacks on how to beef up their own security , and a proposal to better coordinate efforts with U.S. allies to prosecute foreign hackers . "  In this time of economic recovery , this work is more important than it has ever been before , " Holder said . "  I am pleased to report we are fighting back more aggressively and collaboratively than ever before . " Major banks hit with biggest cyberattacks in history Facebook , Microsoft , the New York Times and other media companies have all faced cyber attacks in recent years . So have financial institutions like Bank of America , US Bancorp , HSBC , JP Morgan Chase , Mastercard , PNC , SunTrust and Wells Fargo . Companies like Goldman Sachs and Citigroup recently sounded the alarm with shareholders about the increased risk of cyberattacks . The Obama administration specficially pointed the finger at China on Monday . Donilon said that Beijing must "  take serious steps " to fight hacking of U.S tech networks . He said the U.S. government wants China to recognize "  the urgency and scope " of the cybersecurity issue and "  the risk it poses " to international trade and to the "  reputation of Chinese industry and to our overall relations . " Legislation aimed at regulating how businesses report and address cyber attacks failed in the Senate last year amid GOP and business lobby resistance . But the business community may now be coming around to working a bit more closely with the government in the interest of improving security . During a Senate hearing last week , lawmakers listened to the business community and government officials ' concerns . During a similar series of committee hearings this week , lawmakers will examine more ideas on the topic . Still , those in federal government and the business community are taking the increased risk of cyberattacks very seriously . "  A cyber attack against a government agency or a defense contractor is an attack against our nation , " said Sen. Jay Rockefeller of West Virginia , who is also chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee . "  A cyber attack against a private company dealing with , say a water company is an attack against our nation . So is it with an attack on a private company that provides power or clean water to millions of Americans , " Rockefeller said . "  An attack against any of these pieces , even though they might be privately operated , is an attack against our nation 's critical infrastructure and therefore , us as a nation . " CNN 's Sudip Bhattacharya , Mariano Castillo and Alex Mooney contributed to this report .	Internet attacks against U.S. citizens , companies are increasing , research shows Senate committee hearing from Obama administration on threats from overseas Facebook , Microsoft , banks , media companies all hit with cyber attacks The Obama administration wants China to curb hacking
CNN  -- As a mother , you send your children off to their first day of kindergarten with pride , anticipation and excitement . But a part of you ca n't shake those nagging questions : Will they make friends ? Have someone to play with at recess ? Be bullied ? As director of PACER 's National Center for Bullying Prevention , and the mother of a child with Down syndrome , those questions do n't just go away with time . And that worry only intensifies . My 14-year-old son , David , was born with Down syndrome . Before he turned 3 , he had undergone three open heart surgeries and a tracheotomy , and his breathing required a ventilator . Heading into kindergarten , David was nonverbal , had delayed cognitive abilities and received his nutrition from a feeding tube . There was no doubt about it : My son was n't like his peers . Because of his differences -- and research showing children tend to single out peers with characteristics like his -- I feared that David could become a poster child for children expected to be the targets of bullying . We live in a small community , where David has known all of his classmates since kindergarten and will eventually graduate high school with most of them . They have the same classes , eat lunch at the same time and attend field trips together . For all of these reasons , I decided the best way to address my concerns about David would be to become his advocate -- not only with adults , but with his peers . During his first year of school , I started visiting David 's classroom to talk with his classmates about Down syndrome . I discovered that most children were n't concerned about his cognitive issues ; they were actually more fascinated with why he did n't talk . At this time , I also networked with his teachers , his paraprofessionals and even made sure the lunchroom workers knew me . I hoped the more these people felt comfortable with me , the more information they would share . Now , years later , David has just started the eighth grade . He 's not bullied , and more than that , he loves school . It 's the place where his peers give him high fives in the hallway , ask him to sit by them at lunch and -- best of all -- genuinely accept him . I have been David 's advocate , but I ca n't take all , or even most , of the credit for David 's acclimating so well to school . That credit belongs to his teachers , school staff and classmates , particularly a group of students who received training in sixth grade on how to prevent bullying and speak out on David 's behalf . We call them his peer advocates , and if they see bullying , they intervene , ask the bully to stop or report the situation to an adult . The concept sounds simple , but because my son ca n't tell me what happens during the day , I depend heavily on these peers to act as his voice . Now , what started as four kids in sixth grade has evolved to a schoolwide project with more than 40 students volunteering to become peer advocates so they can help David and other students who are different . I know all too well that not every parent of a child with a disability has this good fortune . Although I 've found that power comes from sharing and being direct , I realize this approach wo n't work in every classroom where bullying exists . But there are always ways that parents , teachers and students can develop strategies and begin to teach young people the importance of inclusion , acceptance and -- most important -- respect . The act of bullying hurts not only the children involved , but the entire community . That 's why PACER Center has organized National Bullying Prevention Month in October , a time for communities nationwide to unite and promote bullying prevention through creative resources designed to engage , educate and inspire . Ignoring the problem is not the answer . Instead , our communities can take steps to raise awareness of bullying and start teaching young people that the end of bullying really does begin with them . Bullying has affected too many for too long . But there is hope . Hope for the teachers who want bullying to end . Hope for the students too afraid to go to school . And hope for the mothers and fathers of children with disabilities -- that one day , they will drop off their children on the first day of kindergarten without having to worry about whether they will be bullied . Instead , they can expect their children will be included and respected by their peers for everything they are . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julie Hertzog .	National Center for Bullying Prevention 's Julie Hertzog feared for Down syndrome son David was n't bullied because Hertzog was proactive , teaching kids , working with teachers Students were trained to be peer advocates , she says , to intervene in bullying situations Hertzog 's organization started National Bullying Prevention Month to educate the public
CNN  -- The organizers of the 2016 Olympics in Rio selected a U.S-based company Wednesday to design the golf course where the leading players in the world will battle for gold in four years time . Hanse Golf Course Design beat off seven other challengers , including golf legends Jack Nicklaus , Gary Player and Greg Norman , to land the honor as the sport returns to the Olympic program for the first time in 112 years . The golf course will be built at Reserva de Marapendi in Barra da Tijuca , the district that will contain the largest number of Olympic venues . It is about five kilometres from the Athletes ' Village . The Olympic golf competition will see medals awarded for men and women and the sport will also feature in the Paralympic Games in Rio . After the Games , the course will become a public facility to promote golf in Brazil . Gil Hanse , 48 , is the president of the company he founded in 1993 and has its headquarters in Malvern , Pennsylvania . Blog : Why golf must get it right for 2016 Olympics He will team up with LPGA star Amy Alcott , a five-time major winner , on the project and has also promised to relocate to the Brazilian city while the course is under construction . "  As it marks the return of golf to the Olympic Games after over a century of absence , this course represents the beginning of a new chapter in the history of the sport , " said Carlos Arthur Nuzman , the president of the Rio organizing committee . "  It will enable Rio to host important events in the international calendar and it will be an example of sustainability and preservation of an environmentally protected area , " he added . Hanse was named "  Architect of the Year " by Golf Magazine in 2009 and has been associated with a number of leading golf courses in the world , including Castle Stuart in Scotland . Hanse has also been commissioned by American tycoon Donald Trump to re-work the famous ` Blue Monster ' course at Doral , the venue for this week 's WGC-Cadillac Championships . Trump purchased the resort out of bankruptcy for $ 150 million last week . The design company of Martin Hawtree , the architect for Trump 's much-vaunted championship course at Menie in northern Scotland , was also among the disappointed bidders .	Golf legends ignored in choice for designer of 2016 Olympic golf course in Rio Jack Nicklaus , Gary Player and Greg Norman were disappointed bidders American company - Hanse Golf Course Design - selected as architects Golf will return to the Olympic Games after 112-year absence
CNN  -- U.S. authorities Tuesday arrested a Roman Catholic priest in Puerto Rico on charges he sexually abused an altar boy . U.S. Homeland Security agents arrested Israel Berrios Berrios , 58 , at his residence in the Puerto Rican town of Naranjito . The Caribbean island of Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory . ICE press release on arrest At a press conference after the arrest , Angel Melendez , a Puerto Rico-based special agent for Homeland Security Investigations , part of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency , alleged that Berrios was able to sexually abuse the minor after gaining the trust of the boy 's mother over several years . By 2008 , Berrios "  was already considered part of  the alleged victim 's  family , " Melendez said . "  He convinced the  alleged victim 's  mother to give the young man permission to go on a cruise to the Bahamas , " on which Berrios shared a cabin with the boy , Melendez said . According to the federal indictment obtained by CNN , Berrios used a car connected to the local San Jose parish to transport the alleged victim knowing the young man "  would engage in a commercial sex act . " The indictment includes four charges : two counts of sex trafficking of children and another two counts of transportation of a minor with intent to engage in prostitution and criminal sexual activity . Two of the charges stem from the alleged trip to Bahamas . Agent Melendez also said the alleged abuse happened in 2007 , when the alleged victim was 14 years old . The minor was serving as altar boy at San Jose 's Church in the Puerto Rican town of Aibonito . Berrios was the parish priest and also a director at a Catholic school there . As he was led by federal agents into a detention center in San Juan , the capital of Puerto Rico , Berrios told a reporter from WAPA , a CNN affiliate , that his conscience is clear . "  I 'm very much at peace . Our Lord Jesus lived moments like this and I believe that even though my hands and feet are shackled , there are other people who are prisoners of their own conscience . That 's what I can tell you , " Berrios said . Monsignor Ruben Gonzalez , bishop of the Caguas Diocese , suspended Berrios last year when the allegations first surfaced , but the priest has yet to be expelled . "  I confronted the facts and called the priest and asked him if it was true what was being said . He admitted it and asked for forgiveness for the situation , " Gonzalez said . This is the first time U.S. federal authorities have prosecuted a priest in a pedophilia case in Puerto Rico . Gonzalez said he fears there are other victims . "  It might be entirely possible that now that the name of this priest has been made public other people will step forward . I urge them , with humility , if there are other victims , to speak up , " Gonzalez said . If convicted , Berrios faces 10 years to life in prison . CNN en Espanol 's Dania Alexandrino contributed to this report .	Israel Berrios Berrios , 58 , arrested in Puerto Rico Berrios allegedly gained mother 's trust before allegedly abusing 14-year-old boy Berrios : "  I am very much at peace "
CNN  -- Left-leaning Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega easily won re-election with more than double the votes of his closest rival , election officials said on Monday , amid complaints of voting irregularities . With 85 % of the ballots counted , the incumbent had 62.6 % of the vote , versus Fabio Gadea 's 30.9 % . "  I want to congratulate the current president , " Roberto Rivas , president of the Supreme Electoral Council  CSE  , told reporters . Opposition leaders have criticized Sunday 's vote and Gadea , Ortega 's closest rival , refused to accept the results . He was known until recently as a radio-station owner and journalist and as creator of the popular Nicaraguan radio character "  Pancho Madrigal . " "  We ca n't accept the results presented by the CSE as they do n't reflect the will of the people , " Gadea said . According to opposition leader Eliseo Nunez of the Liberal Independent Party , 20 % of election observers had been stopped from entering polling stations . "  This has been a process plagued with irregularities , " he said . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland similarly weighed in Monday on reports of procedural irregularities and voter intimidation . "  Frankly , if the Nicaraguan government had nothing to hide , it should have allowed a broad compliment of international monitors , " she told reporters in Washington . Placing third , with 6 % of votes , was former President Arnoldo Aleman . He was convicted of corruption during his term and sentenced to 20 years in prison in 2003 , but in a controversial 2009 decision , the nation 's top court overturned the conviction . Nicaragua 's constitution bars presidents from being re-elected , but that did not stop Ortega from running in his sixth straight presidential race . Supporters of the president celebrated what was then his apparent re-election victory in the streets of the country 's capital Sunday night . He was first elected as president in 1984 , and ran unsuccessfully in 1990 , 1996 and 2001 before being elected again in 2006 . Ortega is known as an ally of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and was a public supporter of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi during the Libyan uprising . But recently he has reached for the middle , making overtures to the business class and promising to lure foreign investors into the country . "  Our government program is the one in practice now and the one we have to improve , strengthen  and  develop , " Ortega said recently . For his supporters , re-election guarantees that social and economic programs will continue . They want to see more investment in infrastructure and technology , and more public housing , projects often financed through Venezuela . Ortega came to power as part of the Sandinista rebels who overthrew the Somoza dynasty in 1979 . He represents the Sandinista National Liberation Front . His detractors accuse Ortega of having too much influence over the Supreme Electoral Council and the Supreme Court of Justice , which allowed his candidacy . Yet his popular support remains high , particularly among the country 's youth . "  The level of support shows a bit of a new generation that does not know the experience of the past , of 30 years ago , of the war that happened in Nicaragua , " said Manuel Orozco , a senior associate at the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue . CNN 's Lucia Navarro and Jack Maddox contributed to this report .	NEW : Daniel Ortega is declared the winner with more than double his closest rival 's votes NEW : Opponent Fabio Gadea refuses to accept the results An opposition leader says the electoral process was "  plagued with irregularities " Ortega 's popular support remains high , particularly among Nicaragua 's youth
EW.com  -- Turns out putting Dwayne "  The Rock " Johnson into the lead role is a good idea to keep a franchise going . G.I. Joe : Retaliation soldiered into the top spot over Easter weekend , piling up $ 41.2 million over three days and bringing the four-day cume to $ 51.7 million . Retaliation did n't quite set the record for Easter weekend -- those bragging rights belong to 2010 ′ s Clash of the Titans  $ 61.2 million  -- and it did n't quite match the opening of G.I. Joe : Rise of the Cobra 's $ 54.7 million bow in 2009 . But Johnson and Channing Tatum 's starpower helped keep the attrition from the poorly received Cobra to a minimum . Plus , the overseas figures are far out-pacing Cobra , bringing Retaliation to a healthy $ 132 million global total , roughly matching the $ 130-plus million budget for Paramount . Not surprisingly , the testosterone-heavy action pic attracted a 61 percent male crowd who gave it a strong "  A -- " CinemaScore . Also having a good Friday and good run in general was Dreamworks ' animated Stone Age comedy The Croods , which grossed $ 26.5 domestically in its second weekend and sailed past the $ 200 million mark internationally for a 10-day total of $ 229.1 million . Tyler Perry turned far away from Madea with his steamy thriller Temptation , which paid off for Lionsgate with a voluptuous $ 22.3 million . Starring Friday Night Lights ' Jurnee Smollett-Bell and Kim Kardashian , who brought the film outsize media attention , Temptation did n't reach the heights of Madea 's Big Happy Family opened  $ 25.3 million  or Why Did I Get Married Too ?  $ 29.3 million  , which were both sequels , but it did outperform industry expectations . Tyler Perry 's name still means money , even if precedes the full title Temptation : Confessions of a Marriage Counselor . It 's the ninth Perry film to debut over $ 20 million ; the only other directors to have reached that distinction are Steven Spielberg and Robert Zemeckis . Despite its Twilight connections , no one had overly high hopes for the alien invasion romance The Host , based on the novel by Stephenie Meyer . Neither the novel nor the three leads -- Saoirse Ronan , Max Irons , and Jake Abel -- were nearly as squeal inducing to the largely female audiences that made Twilight popular . Weighed down by laughably bad reviews and unappealing trailers , The Host disappointed with $ 11 million in sixth place . 1 . G.I. Joe : Retaliation -- $ 41.2 million 2 . The Croods -- $ 26.5 million 3 . Tyler Perry 's Temptation -- $ 22.3 million 4 . Olympus Has Fallen -- $ 14 million 5 . Oz the Great and Powerful -- $ 11.6 million 6 . The Host -- $ 11 million In the limited market , the Derek Cianfrance-directed The Place Behind the Pines , starring Ryan Gosling , Eva Mendes , and Bradley Cooper , grossed $ 270,184 in only four theaters . The per-theater average of $ 67,546 is the second-largest of the year behind the buzzy Spring Breakers . See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	` G.I. Joe ' pulled in $ 41.2 million over three days Tyler Perry 's "  Temptation " did not do as well as his former films "  The Host " disappointed with $ 11 million
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- The past month has been the worst for the United States in Afghanistan since the war began after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 . There have been more difficult periods of combat against the Taliban , al Qaeda and other insurgents . There have been more fragmented and confused moments in allied strategy . There has , however , never been a time when American soldiers acted with such obvious and offensive disrespect for Afghan citizens . The past month has witnessed a string of incidents , including the alleged killing of 16 civilians by a U.S. soldier and the burning of Qurans , the holiest touchstone of the Islamic faith , at a NATO air base . The United States has crossed a self-defeating threshold in Afghanistan where our soldiers are seen as attacking the very people and culture they are deployed to protect . We are destroying villages in order to save them . We have witnessed this dynamic before . In early 1968 , it became apparent that American soldiers in South Vietnam were fighting a stubborn communist enemy without the support they expected from South Vietnamese citizens . To the contrary , residents of South Vietnam frequently gave assistance to the insurgents killing Americans . Frustrated and desperate , particularly after the Tet Offensive in January 1968 , American soldiers took the war to the population with devastating consequences . Counterinsurgency warfare meant burning rural villages , bombing crowded areas and killing innocent civilians . The My Lai massacre of March 16 , 1968 , was the most notorious example , but it was not unique . After failing to catch insurgents who fled the village , angry American soldiers killed more than 300 women , children and elderly residents in cold blood . The United States was massacring the same South Vietnamese it was fighting to save . We do not know what motivated the American soldier who is accused of going house-to-house , murdering Afghan families , on Sunday . Based on the patterns of the past month , the question arises : Was he acting in ways that echo My Lai ? The U.S. military might be the strongest fighting force in the world , but it is still a collection of emotional and fragile human beings who react to the circumstances , pressures and incentives around them . As in Southeast Asia more than 40 years ago , the American soldiers in Afghanistan are fighting a war against an elusive enemy amidst a population that is increasingly resistant to American demands for assistance . Afghan citizens know that the United States is planning to leave soon , and they sense that the Americans they meet care more about an "  exit strategy " than the welfare of their society . Afghan intransigence furthers the frustration and resentment among American soldiers , fueling violent behavior directed at innocent civilians . This self-defeating cycle reflects specific policies . President Barack Obama has acknowledged the corrupt Afghan leadership of Hamid Karzai , but he is doing nothing serious about it . The U.S. government has told its more than 80,000 troops in Afghanistan that they must help create a stable and secure Afghan nation , despite rampant corruption , in less than a year . Young American soldiers are under enormous pressure , in hostile circumstances , and they are increasingly isolated from support networks within the United States . For all the talk of "  supporting the troops , " the Afghanistan war receives little serious attention in American public debate . Obama rarely mentions the war , and his Republican challengers say little about it either . The American soldiers in Afghanistan are under orders to do the impossible at light speed , and they are ignored by their fellow citizens . We have re-created the conditions of extreme stress , isolation and victimization that were evident in Vietnam . We have turned a frustrating war into a breeding ground for American atrocities . This is what happens when our national leaders try to fight a war and exit a war at the same time . We can not do both . Our soldiers can not build a functioning nation when they are told that we are not doing nation-building . They can not defeat an enemy when we refuse to engage fully . They can not work peacefully with local citizens when they are told that local citizens are the problem . The choice is not to use more firepower or withdraw . The real choice is whether the United States is committed sufficiently to Afghanistan and willing to invest in supporting long-term efforts that will give our soldiers and local citizens a reason to believe that things will get better . If the United States is unwilling to make these commitments , then it should admit it and reduce the demands on its soldiers . Either way , Americans must create a realistic basis for their activities in Afghanistan and end the fiction of a smooth transfer of authority from our overburdened soldiers to Karzai 's corrupt administrators . Realism will not please many Americans , but it will at least help to reduce the cycle of atrocities in Afghanistan . The time has come to escape the worst dynamics of Vietnam and re-learn the limits of American power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeremi Suri .	A killing spree in Afghanistan follows Quran-burning incident Jeremi Suri says the U.S. has had its worst month in the long Afghan war He says it 's reminiscent of Vietnam War , when soldiers turned against population Suri : U.S. leaders are failing to set and pursue achievable objectives
