Charlottesville , Virginia  CNN  -- Jurors at the trial of a University of Virginia lacrosse player accused of fatally beating his ex-girlfriend were asked by a defense attorney Wednesday to consider only an involuntary manslaughter conviction . Attorney Francis Lawrence , in his opening statement , contended that would be appropriate because the death was an accident . George Huguely currently faces charges including first-degree murder in the death of Yeardley Love , who also was a lacrosse player for the university . University of Virginia law professor Darryl Brown told InSession that involuntary manslaughter in the state carries a maximum 10-year sentence . Huguely has been held for two years . But prosecutors , in their opening statement , said Huguely made an e-mail threat against Love , 22 , before her May 2010 death . Prosecutor Warner D. Chapman read e-mails exchanged between the two after Huguely learned Love had allegedly slept with someone else . The defendant wrote , "  I should have killed you " and Love responded , "  You should have killed me ? " according to Chapman . Huguely responded that the pair should talk , Chapman said . Chapman also told jurors Love 's death was slow and painful and that she could have remained alive for a couple of hours after Huguely left her apartment . The defense also claims Love was alive when Huguely left . Charlottesville Police Detective Lisa Reeves wrote in a sworn statement used to obtain a search warrant in the case that "  George Huguely admitted on May 3 , 2010 , that he was involved in an altercation with Yeardley Love and that during the course of the altercation he shook Love and her head repeatedly hit the wall . " But defense attorney Lawrence said there was no evidence that Love 's head hit a wall . Lawrence said Huguely refused to believe Love was dead when questioned by police . Police were initially called to Love 's off-campus Charlottesville apartment by a roommate who reported "  a possible alcohol overdose , " Police Chief Tim Longo said at the time . "  It was quickly apparent to them this young lady was the victim of something far worse , " Longo said . A medical examiner ruled that blunt force trauma killed Love , and authorities allege Huguely caused it during the altercation . Love had "  a large bruise on the right side of her face which appears to have been caused by blunt force trauma , " according to the police sworn statement . Huguely admitted he kicked open the door to Love 's bedroom after he found her apartment door unlocked , according to the detective 's affidavit . He also admitted he took her computer from her apartment , Reeves wrote . It was later found by police after Huguely told them where he disposed of it , she said . The trial is expected to last two weeks . InSession 's Lena Jakobsson contributed to this report .	Jurors hear differing accounts of Virginia student 's 2010 death Prosecution contends defendant fatally injured Yeardley Love during a fight George Huguely 's defense calls the death an accident The suspect and victim were members of UVA 's highly ranked lacrosse teams
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama lifted all restrictions Monday on the ability of individuals to visit relatives in Cuba , as well as to send them remittances . The changes in Cuban policy was unveiled before President Obama 's trip to the Summit of the Americas . The move represents a significant shift in a U.S. policy that had remained largely unchanged for nearly half a century . It comes days before Obama leaves for a key meeting of hemispheric powers , the Summit of the Americas , in Trinidad and Tobago . "  President Obama has directed that a series of steps be taken to reach out to the Cuban people to support their desire to enjoy basic human rights and to freely determine their country 's future , " White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said . Obama also ordered new steps to promote the "  freer flow of information among the Cuban people and between those in Cuba and the rest of the world , as well as to facilitate the delivery of humanitarian items directly to the Cuban people , " Gibbs added . The president took "  these steps -LSB- in part -RSB- to help bridge the gap among divided Cuban families . " Obama believes that the change in U.S. policy will ultimately help bring about a more tolerant , democratic Cuban government , noted White House Latin American policy adviser Dan Restrepo . He thinks "  that creating independence , creating space for the Cuban people to operate freely from the regime is the kind of space they need to start the process toward a more democratic Cuba , " Restrepo said . Several key components of America 's embargo on the island nation will be preserved , however . Among other things , Americans will still be barred from sending gifts or other items to high-ranking Cuban government officials and Communist Party members . Travel restrictions for Americans of non-Cuban descent will also remain in place . Critics of the change blasted the administration for unilaterally changing what had been a long-settled U.S. policy . President Raúl Castro 's "  dictatorship is one of the most brutal in the world . The U.S. economic embargo must remain in place until tyranny gives way to freedom and democracy , " Rep. Connie Mack , R-Florida , said in a written statement . Obama "  should not make any unilateral change in America 's policy toward Cuba . Instead , Congress should vigorously debate these and other ideas before any substantive policy changes are implemented . " Sen. Mel Martinez , R-Florida , and a native of Cuba , had kinder words for the administration , saying , "  The announcement today is good news for Cuban families separated by the lack of freedom in Cuba . " He said that , in turn , the Cuban government should focus on improving its relationships with its citizens and the United States . "  Lowering remittance charges and allowing travel for Cuban families wishing to see relatives abroad are two steps the Cuban regime could immediately take that would show change in Havana , " he said . Reps. Chris Smith , R-New Jersey , and Frank Wolf , R-Virginia , held a news conference last week urging Obama to refrain from easing trade embargo or travel restrictions until the Cuban government releases all "  prisoners of conscience , " shows greater respect for freedom of religion and speech , and holds "  free and fair " elections . "  Over the past 50 years , the Castros and their secret police have been directly responsible for killing thousands of nonviolent , courageous pro-democracy activists and for jailing and torturing tens of thousands of others . And they continue to this day to perpetrate their brutal crimes , " Smith said . Rep. Barbara Lee , D-California , who chairs the Congressional Black Caucus , responded that it makes no sense to continue what she characterized as a failed policy . Watch report on easing of travel restrictions " "  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion , but by any objective standard , our current policy toward Cuba just has n't worked . Simply put , it 's time to open dialogue and discussion with Cuba , " she said in a written statement . Lee and other Congressional Black Caucus members met in Havana this month with Raúl Castro and his brother , former President Fidel Castro . Several members of Congress see broader relations with Cuba as vital to U.S. interests . A group of senators and other supporters unveiled a bill March 31 to lift the 47-year-old travel ban to Cuba . "  I think that we finally reached a new watermark here on this issue , " said Sen. Byron Dorgan , D-North Dakota , one of the bill 's sponsors . Sen. Richard Lugar , R-Indiana , another sponsor of the bill , issued a draft report in February that said it was time to reconsider the economic sanctions . Lugar is the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . Sarah Stephens , director of the Cuba Travel Projects and one of the leading advocates pushing for an end to the embargo , said Monday that "  these are welcome steps , but the right course is to allow all Americans to travel to Cuba , to open up commerce and to directly engage the Cuban government in diplomacy and solving problems in both countries ' interests . " Watch report on whether Cuba is ready for U.S. tourists " Obama "  has a historic opportunity not to be the last president of the Cold War but the first president to turn the page in U.S.-Cuba relations , " she argued . Before he was elected president , Obama promised to lower some of the barriers in Cuban-American relations . Provisions attached to a $ 410 billion supplemental budget Obama signed in March also made it easier for Cuban-Americans to travel to Cuba and to send money to family members on the island . In addition , they facilitated the permitted sales of agricultural and pharmaceutical products to Cuba . The provisions loosened restrictions enacted by President George W. Bush after he came to office in 2001 . Obama 's moves appear to be tracking the overall public sentiment on what has historically been a hot-button political issue . Seventy-one percent of Americans think the United States should re-establish diplomatic relations with Cuba , according an April 3-5 CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll , and 64 percent think the United States should lift the travel ban to Cuba for all Americans . Sampling error for the poll was plus or minus 3 percentage points .	Restrictions lifted on travel to see relatives in Cuba , send remittances Obama aims to "  bridge the gap among divided Cuban families , " spokesman says Travel restrictions for Americans of non-Cuban descent to remain in place Decision comes before Obama attends Summit of the Americas
This week , we 've been treated to the increasingly familiar sight of former NBA star and provocateur Dennis Rodman attending events in Pyongyang , North Korea . It 's his fourth trip in less than 12 months . On Tuesday , an angry Rodman defended his visit in a CNN interview straight from Pyongyang , at one point saying to "  New Day " anchor Chris Cuomo , "  I do n't give a rat 's ass what the hell you think ... " in response to question about Kenneth Bae , an American detained in North Korea . When will we tire of this circus ? In case you do n't watch cable news , you might miss that the media really loves this kind of thing . No story about North Korea is too weird to go unreported , even if there is no real information to disseminate . Recall the recent rumor that Kim Jong Un 's uncle was executed by being fed to hungry dogs , which most likely was started as satire on Chinese social media but was at first reported widely in the media  CNN was unable to confirm and did not report the story  . In media discourse , North Korea is the classic enemy . The regime 's injustices , quirks and dysfunctions are reassuring to Americans that their own country is just the opposite : Normal , well-functioning , a land of peace and liberty . But add in Rodman to the North Korea story , and it 's bound to produce eye-popping headlines : The Weird American Athlete Goes to Weird Country story is just too easy not to cover . Rodman himself seems to be thriving on finding a strange smidgen of relevance through his visits to North Korea  and perhaps a Paddy Power paycheck  . Though often described as quite shy , he has always enjoyed challenging the values of Middle America . North Korea is providing him a new avenue to be in the spotlight . The most passive player in this tragicomedy is Rodman 's home country , the United States . The U.S. State Department has deployed the rhetorical equivalent of an embarrassed teenager whose dad has shown up to dance at his prom . Something along the lines of "  this has nothing to do with us " is what the State Department has said with every one of Rodman 's trip . Last winter , the State Department criticized Rodman 's timing as it followed a nuclear test and rocket launch . This time , it has merely said a private individual can do what he wishes . This is an understandably cautious position . After all , Rodman has professed his love and undying affection for Kim , and he is probably not a canny enough operator to spearhead any form of political outreach along the lines of the "  Ping-Pong diplomacy . " On this trip , Rodman addressed the unavoidably political nature of a relationship with North Korea , saying his visits could "  open the doors " to "  talk about certain things . " In the CNN interview , he argued that it 's a "  great idea for the world . " Rodman 's celebrity status and sporting prowess has given him access to Kim . At some point , when both the U.S. and North Korean governments are feeling a little brave , perhaps they can try to thaw the ice with more professional diplomats tagging along on cultural or sporting exchanges . There are precedents . For example , the U.S.-China Ping-Pong diplomacy of the 1970s had its genesis in table tennis player by the name of Glen Cowan . Once he broke the ice , the governments began talking . The kind of engagement that Rodman is pushing can not always be seen as merely rewards for a naughty regime , as much as we appear locked into a carrot-and-stick way of thinking about relations with North Korea . It can be mutually beneficial . We have the potential to gain as much as they do . Breakthroughs might be sudden and surprising , but they are usually underpinned by creative thinking , dialogue and the mutual acceptance that no one can get exactly what they want . Unfortunately , this particular trip does feel somewhat like a gift , coming as it does on Kim 's birthday and less than a month after the violent and very public purge of his uncle and second-in-charge , Jang Song Thaek . Had Rodman pulled out or delayed , the channel for opening may well have closed . If he really is in it for the long haul , he probably could n't afford to slight the leader on his birthday . Domestically , it is great PR for Kim . He gets to appear gregarious and inclusive in front of his people . Notwithstanding Jang 's execution , this is the image he has been assiduously cultivating . He 's eager to promote his friendly , approachable image while at the same time enjoying watching some former stars play his favorite sport . For now , little will come out of Rodman 's visits other than extraneous news . But as Pyongyang continues to devote resources and energy to sports development , its appetite for athletic exchanges will increase . Let 's warily hope , to use Rodman 's phrase , that this can "  open the doors " to other things .	On CNN , Dennis Rodman defended his visit to North Korea , saying it 's a good idea Andray Abrahamian : Visit puts Rodman in the spotlight and is good PR for Kim Jong Un He says this kind of engagement can not always be seen as reward for a naughty regime Abrahamian : While this trip feels like a gift for regime , it may pave way for future diplomacy
Potsdam , Germany  CNN  -- She is the star of Germany 's female soccer scene . Fatmire "  Lira " Bajramaj won the corner kick which clinched Germany 's World Cup title in China in 2007 , and the 22-year-old is hoping to shine again when Germany hosts the FIFA Women 's World Cup in June and July this year . "  Honestly I 've waited four years for this year , " she says . "  The girls and I heard the World Cup was coming to Germany and we talked about it constantly , it was like a fairytale for us . " Bajramaj already has an Olympic bronze medal under her belt , is an under-19 European Champion and a World Cup champion -- but she says she 's not done yet . " ` You get addicted to all the titles and successes , so even though I 'm just 22 I 'm still missing out on the Olympic gold medal and I want to win each title two or three times . " Bajramaj was born in Kosovo and is of Muslim Albanian origin . Her parents fled to Germany when she was just 4 years old . She remembers it was n't easy growing up as an immigrant in Germany . "  We did experience quite a lot of racism , " she says . "  I did n't know who these skinheads were with their bomber jackets and their boots . They 'd say things to us like ` go back to where you came from , you do n't belong here . ' " Now she says she 's won respect for her soccer skills . And she feels Germany is her home . "  I grew up here , this is where my family are so it 's a bit like a dream first that the World Cup is here and second that I can be a part of it . " She 's an icon to many young female soccer enthusiasts and takes her responsibility as a role model seriously . As for herself , "  there 's just one hero , and that 's Zinedine Zidane , " she says . "  Really no one can touch him . "	Fatmire "  Lira " Bajramaj is hoping to shine when Germany hosts the FIFA Women 's World Cup Bajramaj is an Olympic bronze medal winner and a World Cup champion Born in Kosovo , her parents fled to Germany when she was 4
CNN  -- Mitt Romney spoke this weekend to the students at Liberty University , a hotbed of conservative studies , and he has been forced to think about his ties to the right . He is facing a difficult challenge in determining what his relationship should be with the tea party Republicans who helped revitalize the GOP after the doldrums of 2008 . Although there are more conservative Republicans grudgingly endorsing Romney and polls show that more tea party activists are coming to accept Romney as their candidate , there is strong evidence that there remains a great deal of distrust , which could dampen enthusiasm on the campaign trail and create tensions if mishandled . According to Congressional Quarterly , Texas Rep. Louie Gohmert told reporters , "  I am not as excited as I am desperate " to elect someone other than Obama . Any misstep could cost Romney the election . If Romney is seen as too close to the tea party , he could easily undercut his ability to win independent votes in the swing states that will determine the outcome of the election . If Romney distances himself too much from the right wing of the party , he might dampen the enthusiasm that he needs to organize , to raise money and to make certain that people come out on Election Day in what promises to be a close election . The challenge facing Romney is not new to Republican candidates . Indeed , every Republican who has won office since the middle of the 20th century has confronted this dilemma . Each successful candidate has handled the challenge in a different way . One model has been for candidates to completely distance themselves from the right and to instead allow the vice presidential candidate to focus on appealing to the base , to act as an "  attack dog . " This is what the military hero Dwight Eisenhower did in 1952 when he avoided associating with the McCarthyite wing of the party that was ramping up Cold War rhetoric . Instead , Gen. Eisenhower let Richard Nixon do the dirty work , calling Democratic candidate Adlai Stevenson "  Adlai the Appeaser " and tagging liberal Democrats as being a step away from communism . The Eisenhower model would be difficult for Mitt Romney to follow . In the modern media age , especially after the Sarah Palin fiasco , there will be immense attention on whoever runs with Romney . If he selects a right-wing nominee , the kind of scrutiny he or she will receive could easily overshadow Romney 's campaign and any effort he hopes to make to appeal the center . The second model is Barry Goldwater 's full embrace of extremism in 1964 . Taking on President Lyndon Johnson , Goldwater ran as a true conservative who espoused right-wing values and had no interest in compromise . Goldwater used bold rhetoric , taking on programs like Social Security and the Tennessee Valley Authority , demanding radical cuts in government . When liberal Republican Nelson Rockefeller spoke at the Republican convention , the delegates booed and jeered . When Goldwater spoke , defending extremism , they burst out in applause . Goldwater doubled down with his vice presidential running mate , New York Rep. William Miller , who further solidified Goldwater 's image as the candidate who was far to the right . This model would certainly not work for Romney , who would come off as disingenuous . Romney has spent too much time positioning himself as a pragmatist and moderate to make this kind of move . Trying to pull a Goldwater would only play into the accusations that he is a candidate without a core . The third option is the George H.W. Bush model . In 1991 , Bush , who was not at all comfortable with the right wing of the party and never got the "  vision thing , " ran a slash and burn campaign in 1988 that focused on devastating the record of Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis . Without fully embracing conservative ideals , Bush 's campaign revolved around the depiction of his opponent as unpatriotic , as an extreme liberal and as someone not fit to be in office . While the strategy worked for Bush , it could be insufficient for Romney , who faces a much tougher opponent in President Obama , whose personal favorability ratings remain high and who has much stronger backing from his own party . The president wo n't be as easy to tear down . If Romney simply goes negative as a way to avoid dealing with the right wing of his party , his campaign could fail . The final model is the one used by Richard Nixon , Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush . Each of these candidates did send clear signals to the right that they would be an integral part of the coalition . None of these candidates fully distanced themselves from right-wing forces , yet their campaigns focused on broader themes that were attractive to a much bigger part of the population . Nixon spoke of law and order in 1968 , Reagan talked about anti-communism and private markets in 1980 , while Bush emphasized "  compassionate conservatism " in 2000 . This final strategy is the best path available to Romney , because it will allow him to send signals to the right that he understands what they are about and will be part of their coalition , while offering themes that can win over the rest of the GOP and perhaps even disaffected Democrats . The problem is that thus far Romney has struggled to find those themes . Thus far he has focused mostly on castigating President Obama . In the next few months leading into the Republican convention , he will have to lay out one or two broad themes that can extend his reach well beyond the right without alienating them . This is a difficult task and one that has been challenging to many Republicans . But doing so will be essential to handling the tea party Republicans , who pose a massive challenge to his campaign . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Romney faces a big challenge in trying to win enthusiastic tea party support GOP presidential candidates have had different approaches to right wing factions Some have chosen to court the right wing , other have chosen to remain hands off , he says Zelizer : Romney needs to find way to gain tea party support but not alienate the center
CNN  -- When NASCAR team owner Jack Roush crashed his plane at an Oshkosh , Wisconsin , airport Tuesday night , the aircraft "  cartwheeled " an undetermined number of times and ended up facing the opposite direction , National Transportation Safety Board spokesman Peter Knudson said Wednesday . Knudson said upon landing , the Beechcraft Premier jet , registered to Roush Fenway Racing LLC , rolled "  hard to the right , " then its right wing dropped "  way down " and struck a grass strip , and the plane flipped over at least once . The jet ended up facing north , though it had flown in facing south , Knudson said . The NASCAR owner was piloting the plane , which took off from Detroit , Michigan , Knudson said . The NTSB is leading the investigation into the accident . The Experimental Aircraft Association said in a statement Tuesday night that Roush 's passenger in the plane was Brenda Strickland of Plymouth , Michigan . Video showed the two of them walking away from the plane , which appeared to be split toward its midsection . The morning after the incident , Roush remained in serious , but stable , condition at Theda Clark Medical Center in nearby Neenah , Wisconsin , hospital spokeswoman Megan Wilcox said Wednesday . She said it was "  too early " to say how long Roush would remain in the hospital . The facility was keeping details about Roush 's injuries private "  at the request of his family and racing team , " Wilcox said . However , Roush 's racing team released a statement quoting attending physician Dr. Kevin Wasco as saying that Roush 's injuries are not life threatening . Strickland was brought to Oshkosh 's Mercy Medical Center , where she was listed in good condition , Mercy spokeswoman Maria Heim said Wednesday . The Experimental Aircraft Association 's annual air show , AirVenture 2010 , had just ended for the day at Wittman Regional Airport in Oshkosh when the crash happened at 6:15 p.m. , association spokesman Dick Knapinski said . The accident shut down the airport until its regular 8 p.m. closing time , but the airport re-opened Wednesday morning , according to Knapinski . He said Roush comes every year and "  does presentations as an airplane enthusiast . " Knapinski said Roush owns one of "  probably fewer than 200 airworthy " World War II-era P-51 Mustang fighter planes and Roush had been scheduled to give a presentation about his vintage prop plane Tuesday . Roush had also been slated to appear at the air show Wednesday , signing autographs and talking to NASCAR fans at the Ford tent . "  Roush Fenway Racing is NASCAR 's largest team operating eight motorsports teams . Four in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series with drivers Matt Kenseth , Greg Biffle , Carl Edwards and David Ragan ; and four in the Nationwide Series with Edwards , Ricky Stenhouse Jr. , Colin Braun , Brian Ickler , and Paul Menard , " said the statement from Roush 's racing team .	NEW : The NTSB says NASCAR team owner Jack Roush 's plane rolled hard to the right and cartwheeled upon landing Roush was in serious , but stable , condition Wednesday Another passenger , Brenda Strickland , is in good condition Roush , an airplane enthusiast , was heading to an air show to present his vintage plane and sign autographs
CNN  -- Second seed Maria Sharapova continued her quest for a career grand slam with a convincing win at the French Open on Friday , while world No. 3 Agnieszka Radwanska and former champion Ana Ivanovic crashed out of the Paris tournament . Sharapova has tasted success at three of tennis ' four grand slams , but she has been no further than the semifinals at Roland Garros -- losing at that stage last year and in 2007 . However , the Russian looked in fine form as she brushed aside Japan 's world No. 88 Ayumi Morita 6-1 6-1 in exactly one hour to set up a third-round tie with Chinese 25th seed Peng Shuai . The match was originally scheduled to take place on Thursday , but it was delayed by Paul-Henri Mathieu 's marathon win against John Isner in the men 's tournament . "  I had never faced my opponent before , and when she has time she really goes for her shots , so I wanted to get her on the move , " the 25-year-old Sharapova said on the WTA Tour 's website . "  I played well , aggressive , and moved in when I had to . With every round I 'm going to be playing tougher opponents , and that 's when you really want to raise your level . That 's what I 'll try to do in the next round . " Sharapova 's compatriot Svetlana Kuznetsova produced the day 's biggest shock by registering a comfortable 6-1 6-2 third-round win against Radwanska , who eliminated former world No. 1 Venus Williams on Wednesday . "  I have n't played that well in a long time , " said the 2009 French Open champion . "  I was in control of my things . "  When I feel in control of my moves and am not depending so much on my opponent , it brings me the best feelings . That 's why I really enjoy tennis , that 's why I love tennis . And I have n't had this feeling for quite some time . " The world No. 28 's reward is a last-16 encounter with Italy 's Sara Errani , who also upset the odds to progress as she knocked out Ivanovic . The 21st seed came from one set down to beat the Serbian 1-6 7-5 6-3 . Ivanovic has not been past the fourth round of the clay-court event since winning the title four years ago . "  I was really pleased the way I started , " said Ivanovic , who followed fellow former world No. 1s Serena and Venus Williams in exiting the tournament . "  I was really aggressive and created a lot of opportunities for myself . "  Then in the second and third sets she started raising her level a lot and putting a lot more on the ball . I also started getting a bit flatfooted and hitting more unforced errors as the match went on . " Australian sixth seed Samantha Stosur , the beaten finalist in 2010 , breezed past Russian No. 27 Nadia Petrova 6-3 6-3 . The 2011 U.S. Open winner set up a match with American youngster Sloane Stephens . Stephens ' 6-3 6-2 win against France 's Mathilde Johansson meant the 70th-ranked 19-year-old reached the fourth round of a grand slam for the first time in her career .	Second seed Maria Sharapova cruises into the French Open third round The three-time grand slam winner is looking to complete a career grand slam World No. 3 Agnieszka Radwanska and 2008 winner Ana Ivanovic both crash out 2011 U.S. Open champion Samantha Stosur safely into the fourth round
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Summer 2013 was blurry for Robin Thicke , according to what the "  Blurred Lines " singer told lawyers in April . "  Every day I woke up , I would take a Vicodin to start the day and then I would fill up a water bottle with vodka and drink it before and during my interviews , " Thicke said in a deposition transcript made public Monday . Being high and drunk appears to be Thicke 's defense in a high-stakes lawsuit filed by Marvin Gaye 's family against Thicke , producer Pharrell Williams and hip-hop artist "  T.I. " Clifford Harris Jr. . The lawsuit filed last fall contends Thicke 's "  Blurred Lines " is an illegal rip-off of Gaye 's "  Got to Give It Up . " "  It is a musical impossibility , " he said in in the April 23 , 2014 deposition . "  They 're two complete different syncopations and note choices and different keys . One 's a minor key and one 's a major key . " Fans , journalists and music experts immediately recognized similarities between Gaye 's 1977 hit and the 2013 's summertime smash , Gaye 's heirs contend . New York Times writer Rob Hoerburger wrote that the "  Blurred Lines " bass line "  came right from " Gaye 's song . Musicologist Judith Finell , an expert hired by the Gaye family lawyers , said she identified a "  constellation of at least eight substantially similar compositional features between the two works . ... The signature phrase , vocal hook , backup vocal hook , their variations , and the keyboard and bass lines " are substantially similar and they share "  departures from convention such as the unusual cowbell instrumentation , omission of guitar and use of male falsetto , " she said . If it was stolen , Thicke was too high and drunk to do it , his testimony suggested . "  I was high on Vicodin and alcohol when I showed up at the studio , " Thicke said . "  I walked in and he -LSB- Pharrell Williams -RSB- started singing me some ideas he had and the song happened very quickly , " he said . "  I jumped right into the booth and started singing whatever he said . " Thicke does claim creation of the melody and four-part harmonies in the second verse , but otherwise Pharrell Williams "  geniused the whole thing . " Several print and video interviews Thicke gave last summer tell a different story of Thicke being thickly involved in creating writing and producing the hit . "  Pharrell and I were in the studio making a couple records , and then on the third day , I told him I wanted to do something kinda like Marvin Gaye 's ` Got To Give It Up , ' that kind of feel 'cause it 's one of my favorite songs of all time , " Thicke told Billboard Magazine for a story published in July . "  So he started messing with some drums and then he started going ` hey , hey , hey ' and about an hour and a half later we had the whole record finished . " Â Thicke now says he was lying to interviewers , partly blaming drugs and alcohol . "  With all due respect , I was high and drunk every time I did an interview last year , " he said in the deposition . "  So there are some quotes I do n't remember saying , but I do generally remember trying to sell the public on the fact that ` Blurred Lines ' was my idea in some way . " His lies were elaborations he "  thought it would help sell records , " he said . "  I thought that it being my song -- my idea would make it more personal because my music has always been so personal , that this was the first time I had a song out that was n't personal and had nothing to do with me , and yet it was my biggest successful , which , you know , was very tough for me . And so I lied in my story so I could at least make it seem like , hey , I 'm the guy who came up with this great idea . " Thicke denied the lawsuit 's contention that he has a "  Marvin Gaye fixation . " "  I 've been called ` the white Marvin Gaye ' since I got started , " he said . "  So I think I 've embraced that , consider it an honor . " Thicke said that he was not drugged or drunk during the April deposition . In fact , he had been sober for the previous two months , he said . "  I 've actually only been sober off the pills , off of Vicodin , " he later said . "  I still drink . " "  When your wife leaves you , it gives you good reason to sober up , " he said . Thicke and his wife , Paula Patton , publicly announced that they had separated in February . "  Sorry , " he told the lawyer . "  That 's why I 'm starting to feel a little sad , because I had a tough year . " Robin Thicke has no idea what he 's doing Thicke , who has a 20 % writing credit for "  Blurred Lines , " said he did n't know how much money he 's made off the huge hit , since he let 's his business manager take care of his finances . "  Blurred Lines " stayed at the top of Billboard 's pop chart for a record 16 weeks this summer and sold more than 6 million copies , according to court documents . Gaye 's heirs also accuse Thicke of stealing from their father 's 1976 hit "  After the Dance " when he recorded "  Love After War " in 2011 . Those tunes "  contain substantially similar compositional material in their choruses , including the melodies of their hooks , " the Gaye filing contends . #AskThicke backfires big time on Robin Thicke	Robin Thicke says Vicodin and vodka kept him high and drunk every day Thicke testifies he lied about creating "  Blurred Lines " "  Blurred Lines " was Pharrell Williams ' idea , not his , Thicke says Marvin Gaye 's family accuses Thicke , others of ripping off a 1977 Gaye hit
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Burberry , the 150-year-old British luxury brand most famous for its distinctive check pattern , has recently experienced a resurgence . Christopher Bailey , Burberry 's creative director , has been credited with the brand 's resurgence . The brand credits much of its new a la mode image to creative director Christopher Bailey . The unassuming 37-year-old British designer has successfully reconnected Burberry with a trendy young audience -- using the likes of British super model Agyness Deyn , whom he has propelled to international stardom -- in ad campaigns . But times are hard for luxury brands , with a recession that has turned many high-end consumers toward cheaper alternatives . So how is Bailey handling the current economic climate ? With stylish new headquarters in the heart of London and the recent opening of a Burberry Children 's wear store in the capital , it seems the brand has kept its wheels rolling . Watch Burberry 's creative director speak to CNN " Bailey believes the new headquarters were an important extension of Burberry 's image , telling CNN "  the building is the brand beacon . " "  It 's so important that everyone lives and breathes the aesthetic of what Burberry is . We have to do what feels right for the company , " Bailey added . But that does not mean that Burberry is ignoring the recession . "  It 's all about the balance between functionality and emotion . You have to be instinctive about what 's going on , " said Bailey . "  We think about the world recession , but it helps us focus and make sure that the brand purity and integrity is there in everything we do . "  We 've just opened our first -LSB- children 's wear -RSB- store in London and the first signs are pretty wonderful . " But Bailey agrees that "  there has been incredible excess in the last five to 10 years , so it 's a good moment to re-balance . " So how will that translate to the catwalk ? "  The -LSB- clothes -RSB- will be investment pieces for the long-term . It 's not just about fashion for a season . "	Christopher Bailey , Burberry 's creative director spoke to CNN Burberry has recently opened new headquarters and children 's store in London "  We think about the world recession , but it helps us focus , " said Bailey
CNN  -- There is a lot to be said for modesty mixed with self-deprecation when faced with overwhelming odds , but despite his best efforts Louis Nicollin ended up displaying neither of these fine qualities . Last November , when the president and owner of Montpellier -- an unglamorous , unfancied , mid-table team that had shocked itself by leading the French league despite never having troubled the upper echelons before -- was asked about the prospects of his team staying the course , he was incredulous to say the least . "  Montpellier champions ? Impossible , " scoffed Nicollin , who made his money in the refuse industry , in an interview with French sports daily newspaper L'Equipe . "  If I were at PSG  Paris St. Germain  , Lyon , Lille or Rennes , and Montpelier finished as champions , I 'd want to stab myself in the backside with a sausage . "  What a disgrace that would be ! " Last weekend Nicollin 's "  disgrace " was complete . His Montpellier players were crowned champions of France after a 2-1 victory over Auxerre , fending off PSG -- now one of the richest teams in the world after being bought out by the Qatar Investment Authority -- to secure the club 's first ever league title . The victory was remarkable for a number of reasons . For one , Montpellier had never come close to threatening the dominance enjoyed by the likes of Lyon , Marseille or PSG . The last time the club enjoyed any silverware was the French cup 22 years ago . The team was also purchased on a shoestring budget . While PSG could afford to blow $ 40 million  $ 51.26 million  on Argentine playmaker Javier Pastore and hire Italian legend Carlo Ancelotti , the biggest outlay by Montpellier 's former France under 21 coach Rene Girard was $ 2 million  $ 2.56 million  for defender Henri Bedmino . "  It 's unbelievable , " midfielder Younes Belhanda told CNN after the game . "  I think they will stay here until tomorrow night ! It 's good for us , the fans , the president and the city of Montpellier . We are happy . We came from the academy and we win the league with a low earning club . " Montpellier 's entire budget -- $ 33 million  $ 42.29 million  -- was less than Pastore 's transfer fee . Given their title odds of 80-1 at the start of the season , with a team of journeyman players , no one gave Montpellier a chance . But a 2-2 draw with PSG -- expected to sweep all before them thanks to the club 's Middle Eastern money -- at the start of the year changed the complexion of the title race . The team 's success -- much like European football 's other fairytale league success , for Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona in Israel -- was built not on money but on nurturing young players in the academy , building team spirit and spotting talent and value in footballers previously discarded by everyone else . "  There is an opportunity  in France  for small , well-run clubs  to do well  , " said French football analyst James Eastham , who explained that France has had four different champions in four seasons , which gives opportunities to less well off teams . "  Montpellier have had the same president for decades , invested in youth and have n't spent a lot . " Take John Utaka , the Nigerian who scored the winning goals against Auxerre . He had experienced such a disastrous spell at Portsmouth that no club in England wanted to touch him . France-born Moroccan playmaker Younes Belhanda , the outstanding player in this Montpellier side , has been with the team since he was 13 years old . Striker Olivier Giroud worked his way up through the lower leagues before Montpellier saw him playing for second division Tours . He cost $ 2million . This season he was the top scorer in the French league . Yet despite the incredulity of the president , the team continued to win until -- like in the English Premier League and Italy 's Serie A -- the title race came down to the last game of the season . But still Nicollin did n't entirely believe . He instead offered to have his hair cut in a B.A. Baracus-style mohawk if his team won the title . Sure enough Montpellier passed the final test and Nicollin celebrated by having a drastic new hair cut : a mohawk sprayed orange and blue , the club 's colors . Nicollin is 68 years old . "  We had to be strong mentally and to stay focus , " striker Giroud told CNN . "  The game was n't easy . We stayed in the game and thanks to John  Utaka  we won . Everybody made a contribution this season . It 's the title for a team , a squad and a region . " Yet the "  impossible , " as Nicollin had claimed , had become possible . Not only that , the success of Montpellier -- a team described as French football 's "  ugly ducklings " by coach Girard -- in one of Europe 's top leagues gives hope that in the era of big money in football even the smaller teams have a shot at the biggest prizes . Some think this will be the last time an unfancied team could hope to win the league , given PSG 's unlimited funds . But even PSG took notice of the way that Montpellier operated . "  There were a lot of changes , players and coach . It is not easy to shape a team 's identity , " Ancelotti told Reuters of the upheaval at PSG since his arrival last year . But he was magnanimous in defeat , vowing to follow the blueprint set by the team that shocked France . "  We must look for continuity . There will be no revolution ... Montpellier won the title thanks to a style of football they had been building for years . "	Montpellier win the French league for the first time in club 's history Beat Auxerre 2-1 to beat second placed Paris St. Germain to the title No one expected the unfancied club to win ; coach called them his "  ugly ducklings " PSG bought by Qatari investors ; one player worth more than entire Montpellier team
Washington  CNN  -- The House Energy and Commerce Committee requested documents and information Monday from Wright County Egg and Hillandale Farms of Iowa related to the recent salmonella outbreak and egg recalls , according to a news release from the office of the committee 's chairman , Rep. Henry Waxman , D-California . Waxman and Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Chairman Bart Stupak , D-Michigan , sent letters to the two Iowa-based egg producers asking for details on the contamination of their egg products , including when government officials and customers of the affected egg products were first notified of the contamination . The committee also asked for the inspection records for the companies ' facilities , the companies ' internal protocols and standards for monitoring and analyzing their products , and documents related to allegations of health , safety , environmental , or animal cruelty violations for the companies or any related companies , the news release said . Responses from each egg company are expected by Tuesday , September 7 , according to the letters . Hillandale Farms said it shared "  a number of common suppliers " with Wright County Egg , including a company called Quality Egg , which provided feed and young birds . "  We are devastated that our eggs have been implicated in making people sick , " Hillandale farms said in a statement Sunday . "  We have never had a product recall in our 45-year history , and it flies in the face of our mission to provide wholesome , nutritious food for the American public . We regret that anyone might have become ill , and the concern and disruption this has caused our customers . " Both Wright County and Quality Egg are owned by the DeCoster family , which has a string of agribusiness interests in the Midwest and Northeast . Those companies ' records have come under new scrutiny since the recalls were announced earlier this month . In June , company owner Austin "  Jack " DeCoster admitted to 10 civil counts of animal cruelty in Maine after a nonprofit animal welfare group conducted an undercover video investigation and forwarded its findings to Maine animal welfare officials . In a statement issued Monday morning , Wright County Egg said it was working with the Food and Drug Administration on the current recalls and defended its record . "  Wright County Egg strives to operate our farms in the most responsible manner , and our management team has worked closely with FDA through their review of our farms . We have reviewed -LSB- FDA -RSB- Commissioner -LSB- Margaret -RSB- Hamburg 's comments to the media , but because we have not received any written reports from FDA to date , it would be inappropriate to respond to her remarks . It is important to note that any concerns raised verbally during FDA 's on-farm visit were immediately addressed or are in the process of being addressed , " the statement said . "  When issues have been raised about our farms , our management team has addressed them swiftly and effectively , working with recognized outside experts to identify and implement corrective measures for our operations , " it said . "  We are approaching our work with FDA in the same forthright manner . " The Energy and Commerce Committee is n't the only group on Capitol Hill looking for answers . The chairwoman of the House FDA and Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee , Rep.Rosa DeLauro , D-Connecticut , sent a letter Monday to Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and Hamburg , asking questions about the recent egg recall . In the letter , DeLauro asked the United States Department of Agriculture and the FDA , which share jurisdiction in this area , about the investigation into the DeCoster farm 's safety record and the oversight of its operations . She also inquired about the possibility of the tainted eggs being used by federal nutrition programs .	NEW : House agriculture subcommittee chairwoman is also inquiring about the egg recall NEW : The two egg companies in question are expected to respond by September 7 The House Energy and Commerce Committee has begun an inquiry into the egg recall The committee leaders sent letters to Wright County Eggs and Hillandale Farms of Iowa
At least 11 people were killed and six others were injured in Cameroon when Boko Haram militants opened fire on a bus late Thursday , local time , residents said . The attack took place in Waza , a region bordering northeast Nigeria . The Islamist group , which dominates swaths of Nigeria 's largely ungoverned north , has increasingly conducted attacks outside of Nigeria , targeting Cameroonian military forces and civilians . At least 23 people were killed in an assault by the militant group in the Mozogo district in Cameroon 's Far North Region , said Mijiyawa Bakary , a regional governor . In May of last year , the group kidnapped 10 Chinese construction workers in Waza and killed another worker . The hostages were freed in October .	The attack took place near the border with Nigeria Militant group Boko Haram has increasingly crossed into Cameroon to conduct attacks
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Juliana Redding was 21 , an aspiring actress and model who , like so many others before her , had moved from Arizona to southern California in pursuit of the Hollywood dream . She wound up the victim in a real life murder mystery -- one few people are willing to talk about in any detail . Juliana Redding , an aspiring model and actress , was found murdered in her Santa Monica apartment . By the age of 18 , Redding had earned her first film credit , appearing in a 2005 independent film called "  Kathy T Gives Good Hoover , " about college students and the graffiti culture . In 2006 , she moved into a one-bedroom apartment in Santa Monica , California , with her pet Yorkshire terrier . She was also taking college courses while working part-time in a trendy Venice Beach bar . Friends grew worried in March when they could n't reach Redding for a few days . They called her mother in Redding 's hometown of Tucson , Arizona . Her mother called the Santa Monica police . Watch why this case is so baffling " Police found Redding dead inside her apartment . "  The manner of death is homicide , " said Sgt. Rinaldi Thruston of the Santa Monica Police Department . Although there are unconfirmed reports that the cause of death was blunt force trauma , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office denies that . "  Those media reports are not accurate . The cause of death was not blunt force trauma . The file has been sealed by police , so we can not disclose the actual cause of death . " Police also would not disclose whether a weapon was used or whether Redding 's apartment had been broken into , which would give clues as to whether she knew her assailant and opened the door for him or her . Thruston also refused to say whether Redding had been sexually assaulted . "  We have made no arrests in this case nor do we have any suspects or persons of interest at this time , " Thruston said . He said police have collected evidence from the crime scene that could link a potential suspect to the crime . Police are hoping they will continue to get tips and leads from the public . According to friends , Redding had been dating another actor for two years and they had broken up about six months before her slaying , but remained friends . It is unclear whether she had a new boyfriend , but police have been interviewing all of Redding 's known friends and neighbors . "  We believe the police are doing what they can to solve this case , but we really prefer no media attention , " her mother said . Early in the investigation , there were reports of blood found on the sidewalk or wall outside Redding 's apartment . Police will not comment on the forensic results of that blood or any specific evidence at the crime scene . They also will not reveal whether any of Redding 's neighbors heard screams or other sounds of a struggle . At this point , there are more questions than answers . If anyone has any information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for Juliana Redding 's death , please call the Santa Monica Police Department tip line at 310 458-8449 .	Aspiring actress found dead in Santa Monica apartment in March Police have released few details about the crime File sealed by police ; coroner unable to disclose cause of death Have information ? Call 310 458-8449
An Indian airline has hit on possibly the worthiest excuse yet for hiring slim women as cabin crew -- it saves fuel and therefore money . While some airlines admit to hiring women for their sex appeal , budget carrier GoAir has told The Times of India it will be hiring predominantly female flight attendants in future because they are 15-20 kilos lighter on average than men . The airline estimates each extra kilo on board costs Rs3  $ 0.05  per flying hour , and the new policy will save it up to $ 500,000 annually . A spokesman for the airline denied to CNN that it had implemented a gender-biased recruitment policy . But he confirmed that the airline 's male-female cabin crew ratio of 40:60 was among the most male-heavy in the industry in India . He also confirmed that GoAir would be seeking to adjust this ratio to be in line with the industry norm of 30 men to 70 women . Other weight-reduction initiatives will also be employed . "  The size of in-flight magazines has been reduced , " the airline 's CEO Giorgio De Roni said . "  The potable water tanks are no longer being filled to capacity as only 35 % to 40 % of that water is actually used . " GoAir 's 130 male cabin staff  out of 330 total  will be unaffected -- the policy affects future hires only . The airline expects to hire around 2,000 flight attendants and pilots over the next seven years . Weight and its reduction is a key focus for airlines as fuel costs , comprising a third to half an airline 's operating costs , continue to rise . Samoa Air last year became the first airline to charge fees according to weight , and a Norwegian economist has claimed this is the fairest and most sensible way to calculate prices . More : Airline ` fat tax ' : Should heavy passengers pay more ? Sensible economizing , good marketing or discrimination ? Tell us what you think about GoAir 's new recruitment policy .	Women require less fuel than men , says GoAir New policy will help save $ 500,000 per year
San Antonio , Texas  CNN  -- Melissa Coleman has amazing stories to tell and some family members still ca n't get enough of the harrowing tales of her 33 days as a prisoner of war during the first Gulf war . Even 20 years after the start of that war , Coleman can captivate an audience . She tells family friends or her daughters ' classmates about American bombs that struck close to where she was held by her Iraqi captors . "  That was the biggest fear for me , I did n't think the Iraqis were going to kill me , but I was afraid of one of our bombs , " Coleman tells CNN . Or the story of how the Iraqi soldiers spared her the worst punishment because they were convinced she was an ignorant woman . She outsmarted them anyway . "  I played along with it , " Coleman says . "  I really do n't know anything . I 'm just a woman . " But 20 years after her 33 days as a POW , Coleman is fighting another battle : breast cancer . She was diagnosed five months ago and is preparing for a fourth round of chemotherapy . Coleman says being a POW "  helped me keep a positive outlook because I know what I can withstand . " "  I know that I 've survived something as dangerous , if not more dangerous , so I feel like I 'm going to make it . " Coleman says her doctors have removed all of the cancerous tumors for now and that she 's been given a "  good " prognosis . The former Army specialist says she rarely thinks about her days as POW , but during those 33 days , Coleman was one of the most visible faces of the war . Coleman was driving a truck on January 30 , 1991 , near the southern Iraq border . After a couple of confusing wrong turns , Coleman and another soldier riding alongside her found themselves in the middle of a firefight and surrounded by Iraqi soldiers . Her parents , Leo and Joan Rathbun , held vigil from their home outside Grand Rapids , Michigan . It was an excruciating and painful wait . Not knowing if she was still alive , the Rathbun 's received a Valentine 's Day card that she had mailed just hours before being captured . "  When I first heard , I just sat by the TV and just cried the whole rest of the day . So , it was difficult , " Leo Rathbun says . But then came the 3 a.m. phone call that sent an eruption of joy through the Rathbun 's home . A CNN producer called and told the family to turn on their television . For the first time in 33 days , the Rathbun 's saw their daughter safe and alive being turned over by the Iraqis to the International Red Cross . Looking back through the long lens of time , Coleman 's parents say the POW experience changed their daughter in a fundamental way . "  She 's a lot more serious about life and relationships now than what she was before , " Joan Rathbun says . "  Everyone means more to her . Life means more to her now . " Now she lives a quiet life in San Antonio with her husband and two teenage daughters . Her oldest daughter , Briana , wants to join the Army and that 's sparked a minor tug-of-war in the family . Coleman is n't comfortable with the idea , but Briana is n't giving up . The Coast Guard might be an acceptable compromise . That 's the kind of battle Coleman prefers these days , the struggles of raising teenagers and watching her girls prepare to venture out into the world . "  I 'd like to be remembered for being a good mom , " Coleman says . "  I 'd rather be remembered for that than being a prisoner-of-war . "	Melissa Coleman spent 33 days as a prisoner of war during the first Gulf war Now , Coleman faces another battle : breast cancer Coleman : Being POW "  helped me keep a positive outlook "
CNN  -- Given that Moscow has been home to the likes of Tchaikovsky , Dostoyevsky , Rachmaninoff and Pushkin , it 's no surprise that the city offers a wealth of cultural events . But Muscovites are also prepared to brave their bitter winters to enjoy traditional outdoor celebrations . Pancakes , known as blini , are the stars of the Maslenitsa Festival . Maslenitsa Festival/Blini Week  February/March  This traditional festival , with its roots in pagan Spring celebrations , all but disappeared between 1917 and 2002 , but it 's now one of the city 's best-loved celebrations . It precedes Lent and Russian pancakes , known as blini , feature prominently in the week-long festivities . Round , golden blini are said to symbolize the Spring sun and are eaten in huge quantities all week , topped with anything from jam to caviar . The festival usually includes an attempt to break a blini-related world record ; in 2004 the festival set the record for the tallest pile of pancakes ever made and at the 2008 festival bakers created a map of the world out of , you guessed it , blini . Other festival shenanigans include traditional Slavic games , troika  sled  rides , folk dancing , and a final-day masquerade and parade made up of musicians , jesters , stiltwalkers , acrobats , and carnival entertainers . The traditional "  Maslenitsa brawl , " an apparently good-natured group fist-fight , is probably best avoided . See Natalia Vodianova 's Moscow . " Golden Mask Festival  March/April  Each year Russia 's finest opera , dance , theater and musical productions compete to win a coveted Golden Mask award at Moscow 's Golden Mask Festival . Held over three weeks at venues around the city , the festival is a fantastic opportunity to experience the best in contemporary culture from all over Russia , conveniently gathered together in one city . What do you think are Moscow 's seasonal highlights ? Let us know below . Victory Day  9 May  Victory Day is a national holiday in Russia to commemorate Germany 's surrender to the Soviet Union in World War II -- still known in Russia as the "  Great Patriotic War . " In Moscow , the day is marked by an impressive military parade in Red Square and remembrance events in Victory Park to honor Russia 's fallen soldiers . There are firework displays in the evening . Part somber remembrance , part celebration , Victory Day is a dramatic reminder of what many Russians still regard as the Soviet Union 's proudest hour , and of the millions of Russians killed in the war . December Nights  December  Just as Moscow 's December chill is turning nights on the town into an endurance contest , the Pushkin Museum of Fine Arts comes to the rescue with a series of outstanding evenings of classical music . Conceived by renowned Russian pianist Svyatoslav Richter and held annually since 1981 , December Night 's program of Russian and international musical talent is one of the year 's cultural highlights . As well as world-class classical concerts , the festival also features exhibitions of artworks related to that year 's musical theme . Winter Festival  late December/early January  Given the ferocity of Moscow 's winter , if you 're planning to join in with the Winter Festival fun in Izmailovo Park you 'd do well to warm up with a shot or two of vodka before you venture outside . In the park you 'll find traditional folk music , dancing , and troika rides , while elsewhere in the city you can see glittering ice sculptures being built in Red Square and hundreds of snowmen lining Arbat Street . While some hardy Muscovites use the festival as an opportunity to join the "  Walrus Club , " it is n't recommended -- membership involves swimming in ice holes carved in the freezing Moscow River .	Moscow hosts a wealth of cultural events as well as traditional outdoor festivities Round , golden blini  pancakes  are the real stars of the Maslenitsa Festival The Golden Mask Festival has the best in Russian contemporary culture December 's Winter Festival features sleigh rides , snowmen and ice sculptures
INDIO , California  CNN  -- Parents danced with their young children to the infectious hip-hop beat of Lupe Fiasco on the main stage . The Yeah Yeah Yeahs ' Karen O is immersed in the music at Coachella . Twentysomethings wearing feathers in their hair jumped up and down to Somali emcee K'naan in the Gobi tent . In the portable toilets , an impromptu discussion broke out about the "  awesomeness " of Yeah Yeah Yeahs singer Karen O . The mercury may have hovered close to 100 degrees , and somewhere outside the desert oasis of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival there was a global recession , but you 'd never know it from the carefree crowd on Day 3 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio , California . Although exact figures have yet to be released , about 50,000 revelers turned out for the final day of the 2009 festival for an eclectic lineup that included former Jam front man Paul Weller , rap pioneers Public Enemy , a reunion of Irish indie darlings My Bloody Valentine and a nearly three-hour set from The Cure . Promoters say the turnout exceeded expectations , and this year 's attendance figure might be the third largest in the festival 's 10-year history . The three-day ticket price may have been steep -- roughly $ 300 , including service charges -- but when divided among the 131 acts on the bill , that breaks down to less than $ 2.50 per act . This was also the first year concert promoter Goldenvoice offered layaway , which is how 18 percent chose to pay . The strong showing is good news for Bonnaroo , All Points West , Lollapalooza and other festivals taking place this spring and summer . Coachella was also moved up one weekend , which allowed for more kids on spring break to attend . Although Coachella is one of several music festivals in the United States , it still carries a certain cachet that 's hard to match . Perhaps it 's the scenery -- listening to music on a grassy polo field surrounded by swaying palm trees and craggy desert mountains . Or maybe it 's the thrill of discovering new artists and rediscovering old ones standing shoulder-to-shoulder with friends , strangers and the random Hollywood celebrity . Or maybe it 's the wacky moments that seem to happen only under the blistering desert sun . Where else could you get Morrissey -- a well-known vegetarian -- complaining in the middle of his Friday set that the smell of burning animals was making him sick , and that he only hoped it was human ? The Moz was referring to meat grilling in a food booth across the polo field . And when troubled British neo-soul singer Amy Winehouse dropped out of her Saturday performance because she could n't get a visa , M.I.A. stepped into her slot on the main stage -- but she apparently was n't happy about the upgrade . Despite a massive , adoring crowd and a highly charged set , the new mom exclaimed , "  This is the main stage ? Next time , I 'm back in a tent ! I prefer the sweat ! " This was after her tongue-in-cheek nod to Winehouse , where she sang , "  They tried to make me do the Oscars , I said , ` No , no , no . ' " Then , there were the memorable music moments . Friday headliner Sir Paul McCartney did n't end his playful , hit-filled set until about 54 minutes past the midnight curfew -- for a potential fine of $ 54,000 .  According to Benjamin Guitron , media relations officer for the Indio Police Department , the promoter agrees to pay $ 1,000 for every minute past 12 a.m. On Saturday , Seattle , Washington , indie pop band Fleet Foxes drew an overflowing crowd to the Outdoor Theatre , charming the audience with its delicate , baroque harmonies . Sunday headliners The Cure played 31 songs from the group 's vast catalog -- concentrating heavily on early material , and for the most part , staying away from the biggest radio hits . They , too , played well past curfew -- continuing with their third encore even after the sound from the main PA system was cut off . My Bloody Valentine -- whose four members reunited last year after a decade apart -- was also a crowd pleaser , although an interlude where they played a single chord at maximum decibels for a mind-numbing 15 minutes left fans scratching their heads . Perry Farrell is the only artist who 's performed at all 10 Coachella festivals -- in Jane 's Addiction , Porno for Pyros , Satellite Party , as his alter ego DJ Peretz and in other incarnations . This year , he dueted with Thievery Corporation on the main stage , then headed over to the dance tent , where he joined his wife , Etty , for an electronic set . "  I would probably silently be very depressed if they would n't invite me , to tell you the truth . My mental health depends on them , " he said with a laugh . Despite a time of belt-tightening , festivalgoers are finding a way to let it all hang out . According to The Desert Sun , the local newspaper , even two former first daughters could n't resist the draw of the desert . It said Barbara Bush and Jenna Bush Hager dropped into Coachella on Saturday -- complete with Secret Service . Guitron could n't confirm the report , but he did say , "  I would n't be surprised if they did show up . Dignitaries just kind of show up like everybody else . "	Coachella music festival wraps up Sunday Intriguing moments include vegetarian Morrissey complaining about grilling Both Paul McCartney and The Cure run past curfew ; Cure is cut off
CNN  -- "  Beauty " seemed somehow insufficient a description for the sounds that came from Ravi Shankar 's sitar in a concert hall . It was as if nature itself were being replicated on the stage , whether it was gentle summer rain or late-autumn wind having its way with the landscape . There would be intense engagement between Shankar and his ensemble as they summoned into being tempests of interlocking phrases that seemed to coil and unravel at will . The audience would be enraptured , transported , energized into enthusiastic applause . And this was before the actual performance started . "  If you enjoyed the tuning up that much , I hope you enjoy the music even more , " Shankar can be heard saying on the recording of the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh addressing the appreciative , if nonplussed crowd at Madison Square Garden . It was n't the first , or last time he gently  at times , not so gently  reproved audiences who , even with the benefit of his warnings , took the preliminaries for the actual recitals . Some learned , some never did -- and then there were those who really did enjoy the tuning-up as much as what followed . Whatever his audience 's reaction , Shankar , who died Tuesday at age 92 after undergoing heart surgery , seemed to accept it all with benign imperiousness and regal warmth . As emissary for a classical tradition of Indian music , Shankar was winning over global audiences for that music in greater numbers than could have been imagined when he started learning the music of raga almost 70 years ago . He was already close to legendary stature in India by the 1950s as sitar virtuoso , composer , conductor and director of All India Radio in New Delhi . He had also written scores for several Indian films , notably Satyajit Ray 's "  Apu Trilogy "  1955-1959  whose international acclaim was a huge factor in increasing Shankar 's worldwide profile . By the late 1950s , Shankar was making cross-genre connections with the likes of violinist Yehudi Menuhin and jazz saxophonist John Coltrane , whose seminal 1961 recording of "  My Favorite Things " was infused with modal inventions that carried the incantatory fervor of classic raga music .  Coltrane would name his son Ravi after Shankar . This year , by the way , Ravi Coltrane , who like his father plays tenor and soprano saxophone , released his finest album to date , "  Spirit Fiction " on Blue Note Records . As all this indicates , Shankar was already well-known before the Beatles got involved . In fact , they were n't even the first rock group to get hip to Shankar . That honor belonged to the Byrds , who recorded in the same World Pacific Records studios as Shankar did for producer Richard Bock . They in turn got George Harrison hooked on raga and Harrison began plucking the sitar on his own .  Dial up "  Norwegian Wood " from the Beatles ' 1965 album "  Rubber Soul " and you 'll hear that instrument poking out the theme . Harrison and Shankar met the next year and the "  quiet Beatle " went to India to study sitar with the master . Back then , whatever the Beatles were interested in , the rest of the world was interested in , too . Brian Jones picked up the sitar on the Rolling Stones ' 1966 hit "  Paint It Black " and the Byrds appropriated a sitar-sound  and a Coltrane riff  that same year for "  Eight Miles High . " "  Raga-rock " lasted just long enough to make the sitar part of the shorthand soundtrack of what 's often derisively labeled "  the hippie era . " Shankar was at best ambivalent about such associations . But his reputation , as with his music , transcended fashion to become its own singular , lasting presence in the world 's cultural firmament . Anyone who can make a sound check sound like genius packs substantial weight with the rest of the immortals . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gene Seymour .	Gene Seymour : Ravi Shankar brought classical Indian music to a global audience He says he was legendary in India when he made cross-genre connections The Byrds hip to Shankar before Beatles , but sitar could soon be heard on their records Seymour : His sound transcended pop associations to carve out singular spot in music
CNN  -- The son of a former Iranian Revolutionary Guard commander was found dead in a Dubai hotel room -- with his father 's website calling the death "  suspicious , " though police insisted it was not . Numerous Iranian media on Sunday reported the death of Ahmad Rezaie inside Hotel Gloria , a four-star hotel in the coastal United Arab Emirates city . Khalil Ebrahim Al Mansouri , head of the Dubai police 's criminal investigations department , said there is no criminal suspicion surrounding the man 's death . Al Mansouri , quoting the dead man 's brother , added that Ahmad suffered from epilepsy . Yet Tabnak , a website owned by the dead man 's father , Mohsen Rezaie , claimed that Ahmad "  was killed under suspicious circumstances . " The same site noted that the death was "  concurrent with the martyrdom of Mohsen Rezaie 's comrades in arms " on Saturday , referring to an explosion at a military base near Tehran . At least 17 people were killed in that incident , after a munitions depot accidentally caught fire , lawmaker Hossein Garousi told state media . Lt. Gen. Ramezan Sharif reiterated Sunday that the blaze was accidental and dismissed the possibility of sabotage . The Tabnak report did not elaborate on what connection , if any , existed between Ahmad Rezaie 's death and the deadly explosion . Shahram Gilabadi -- a spokesman for Iran 's Expediency Council , of which Mohsen Rezaie is secretary -- told Tabnak , "  The death is currently being investigated . " The semi-official Mehrs News Agency reported that Ahmad Rezaie died from an electric shock . Mohsen Rezaie served for years as head of Iran 's powerful Revolutionary Guard . In 2009 , he ran -- unsuccessfully -- as a conservative candidate along with others against incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . He continues to play a leading role with the Expediency Council , which mediates between the parliament and the non-elected Guardian Council led by Ayatollah Khamenei .	Ahmad Rezaie was found dead inside his Hotel Gloria hotel room His father 's website calls the death "  suspicious , " tying it to a deadly blast near Tehran A Dubai police official says that there is no criminal suspicion Ahmad 's father , Mohsen , is head of Iran 's Expediency Council and an ex-presidential hopeful
Houston  CNN  -- For the God-fearing , Harvard-educated NBA star Jeremy Lin , it 's deja vu all over again except for two things : This time he 's entering Houston 's Toyota Center with an fat paycheck in his pocket and inflated expectations in the stands . "  I still have to kind of remind myself that this is actually happening sometimes , " Lin told reporters in Houston , where he was making his redux debut as a Rocket on Thursday before a phalanx of reporters and cameras after the New York Knicks failed to match Houston 's three-year , $ 25 million offer for the point guard . "  But it 's a huge blessing from God , and I ca n't believe how it all shaped up for me , and for me to be able to be here right now , I 'm definitely excited and thankful . " Over the past seven months , the 6-foot-2 , 200-pound , 23-year-old of Taiwanese descent has made quite a leap . Lin was waived by the Golden State Warriors on December 9 and was picked up by Houston on December 12 . He appeared in two pre-season outings with the Rockets before the team let him go on December 24 . The undrafted point guard then burst into the consciousness of the sports world in early February when then-Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni called him off the bench as the team was struggling with an 8-15 start . As Lin 's heroics led the Knicks on an improbable seven-game winning streak , "  Linsanity " entered the national lexicon and Lin 's previous employer was among the millions who were paying attention . "  We made an error by letting him go , and I think we rectified it now , " Houston Rockets owner Leslie Alexander told reporters Thursday . Lin said the Rockets ' approach came as a welcome surprise . "  I did n't know that they were that interested , but when I heard I was excited , just because I knew what the franchise was about . " And this time , he wo n't be sleeping on a teammate 's couch , as he did last year when he was just trying to make a roster . "  It 's definitely nice to be able to have more job security , " he said . "  It is n't necessarily the amount of dollars ; it 's the fact that I signed a three-year deal so I get to play this game in the NBA for three more years . I do n't think it 's all about money , but I think , at the same time , how much they put shows their investment and their belief in you as a player . " As for Houston , "  I 've heard the fans here are very loyal and very crazy , " Lin told CNN 's Mark McKay . "  I 'm going to have fun playing here . However big the spotlight is , as long as me and my teammates are having fun playing basketball , that 's really all that matters . " Asked if he was concerned he might prove to be a flash in the pan and not a perennial all-star , Lin said , "  No one has the answer to that question . The only thing I can tell them is I 'm going to work as hard as I can and I 'm going to buy into this team and I 'm going to try to help the team become as good as we can . It 's not about how many times you can become an all-star , it 's about your own team 's success . " Lin said retired Rocket Yao Ming , a Chinese basketball star , sent him a text message of congratulations after his return to Houston was announced . "  I 've always had so much respect for him , " Lin said . "  I would watch him when I was a kid , anytime he would come to the Bay area , I would buy tickets and go watch him play . " But now , the economics major is thinking about his own brand and , ultimately , his legacy . "  When I 'm done playing basketball , I want people to think of me a certain way , and that is to play basketball the right way , play as a team , play unselfishly , play hard and then , off the court , to really serve and love other people . That 's where I want to go in terms of the brand . " Being a role model for younger Asians is also important for him , Lin said . NBA stars have game off the court , too "  I have a strong desire in my heart to be able to break certain stereotypes about Asians and Asian-Americans , especially in sports , " he said . "  I just think as time goes on , I think we 'll start to see more Asian-Americans in sports . Hopefully , we will be able to continue to earn more and more respect when it comes to sports . "	"  We made an error by letting him go , " Rockets owner says "  I just think I 'm going to have fun playing here , " Lin tells CNN Lin makes his media debut as a Houston Rocket Thursday Being a role model for younger Asians is important , Lin says
The police chief in Ferguson , Missouri , has problems . He 's been under intense scrutiny ever since a white officer in his department fatally shot African-American teenager Michael Brown . Now , government officials familiar with ongoing discussions are saying he is expected to step down as part of an effort by city officials to reform the Police Department . Chief Thomas Jackson and Ferguson 's mayor have denied the reports . There 's no denying , however , that Jackson is in hot water . Here 's a look at five ways the police chief or his department have sparked outrage in the community : 1 . Body in the street After Brown was gunned down , his body lay in the street for four hours in a blazing Missouri sun . Police would later say that officials could n't reach the area where the body lay because a crowd had gathered , making it too dangerous . State Sen. Maria Chappelle-Nadal said the community was "  outraged by looking at this body all day long . " In an apology a month later , Jackson would apologize to Brown 's family . "  I 'm truly sorry for the loss of your son . I 'm also sorry that it took so long to remove Michael from the street , " he said during his video statement . Investigators were doing "  important work " trying to uncover the truth and collect evidence during those four hours , Jackson said , but "  it was just too long , and I 'm truly sorry for that . " 2 . Video of theft As demonstrators clamored for more information about how Brown came to lie dead on a Ferguson street , the Police Department clamped down , releasing little information . Yet , six days after the shooting -- on the same day police released Officer Darren Wilson 's name to the public -- police decided to release video of a robbery in which Brown was involved before he died . To make matters more confusing , Jackson told reporters that Wilson did n't stop Brown because of the robbery , but because he was walking in the street . This caused many to say "  huh ? " The decision to release that store surveillance video , while the Police Department was keeping so many other details close to the vest , created consternation even among his colleagues . Missouri State Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson stated the robbery and shooting of Brown "  are separate issues . " "  I told  Chief Jackson  I think both of those being released today was not needed and was not the way that we needed to go , " he told CNN . "  Today is about taking care of this incident here , getting to those facts that are there , and Michael Brown and his family . " Jackson responded that news outlets had requested the video and Wilson 's identification . He also said they needed to be released at the same time , but he did n't elaborate as to why . Brown family attorney Benjamin Crump said the move was "  a diversion , and it 's an attempt to smear Michael 's character . " 3 . Heavy-handed response to protests When protesters hit the streets -- and violent elements among them looted and vandalized businesses -- it was n't long before police brought out the heavy weaponry . Soon , images out of Ferguson included police in riot gear with shields and batons , automatic weapons , police dogs , armored vehicles and police firing rubber bullets and tear gas into crowds . It 's important to note that St. Louis County Police Department was in charge of tactical operations within hours of Brown 's death , but it all unfolded in Ferguson , and that mattered to many onlookers . Retired Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , well-versed in unrest after leading recovery efforts for Hurricane Katrina , questioned the logic of letting SWAT teams handle a civil disturbance . "  The tactics they are using , I do n't know where they learned them from , " he said . "  It appears they may be making them up on the way , but this is escalating the situation . " 4 . Keep walking A common refrain from police to protesters during the demonstrations was , "  Keep moving . " Police were arresting or threatening to arrest anyone who stood still along the sidewalks , whether they were just stopping to rest or a reporter taking notes . A federal judge ruled that they violated the Constitution when police told protesters they had to keep walking and that they could n't stand still . In some cases , officers told protesters they could n't stand for more than five seconds . In others , the protesters were told they were walking too slowly . Jackson would have to include a statement in his video apology on how officers did not protect the people 's freedom to assemble . "  The right of the people to peacefully assemble is what the police are here to protect . If anyone who was peacefully exercising that right is upset and angry , I feel responsible and I 'm sorry , " the police chief said . 5 . Lack of police diversity Some of the complaints against Jackson stretch back further than Brown 's shooting . "  People consistently expressed concerns stemming from specific alleged incidents , from general policing practices and from the lack of diversity on the Ferguson police force . These anecdotal accounts underscore the history of mistrust of law enforcement in Ferguson that has received a good deal of attention , " U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder told reporters after visiting the area . The Justice Department is investigating the Police Department . It will look at the department 's use of force , analyze stops , searches and arrests , and examine the treatment of people at Ferguson 's city jail . Many African-Americans in Ferguson say that they often found themselves subject to racial profiling , such as being pulled over for no obvious reason besides , they presumed , "  DWB , " or driving while black . The city is a predominately black community with a mostly white police force . At the time of Brown 's shooting , only three of the city 's 53 officers were African-American .	Chief Thomas Jackson is expected to step down , according to officials The chief and the mayor say the reports are not true Jackson fell under intense scrutiny in the wake of the death of Michael Brown He 's apologized but said he has no plans to resign
Chibok , Nigeria  CNN  -- It 's the beginning of the second semester in public schools across Nigeria and students are flocking back after the vacation . But in most of Borno state , the heartland of the militant group Boko Haram , the desks are empty and the playing fields are quiet . Western education is a sin in the eyes of the terror group -- and nowhere has that message more clearly hit home than in their recent horrific attack on Chibok Girls Secondary School . Only the walls of the classrooms , library and science laboratories remain : a charred shell of what was once , the pride of Chibok . But even more painful is the fact that more than 200 of the girls who took classes here are still missing , kidnapped from the school during that night of terror . Daniel Muvia , a resident of Chibok who witnessed the attack on his village , says he is too scared to take his daughters to school . Since the attack he 's kept them at home , where he felt they would be safer . "  I am scared of sending them to school , " he says . "  I 'm not feeling good that they 're at home and I 'm not feeling good to send them to school because of the attacks . " Muvia 's dilemma mirrors that of almost every parent in Chibok : torn between education for their child and their family 's safety . On the way to Chibok from Abuja , the country 's capital , travelers meet one police or military checkpoint after another . But join the main rough dirt road to Chibok and the government security presence seems to taper off . It all leaves local residents feeling vulnerable and afraid . Muvia could n't forgive himself if he sent his daughter to school and then heard that something had happened to her . "  No one can afford losing their daughter , " he says . In an article on his website "  Education for All " Gordon Brown , the U.N. Special Envoy for Global Education , says 10.5 million children in Nigeria are yet to go to school and that the high levels of illiteracy are now an economic problem , as well as a social disaster , for the country . Analysts say that if the Boko Haram attacks on schools continue unabated then those levels of illiteracy will significantly increase , further compromising the future of the country 's young people . CNN interviewed one of the girls who managed to escape from Boko Haram on the night they were taken from their dormitory . Though she hopes to go back to school soon so she can fulfil her dream of becoming a doctor , she 's still very scared . "  If in Chibok , I 'll never go again , " she says . But like many families in the area her family is too poor to send her to a boarding school far away from the village . All the people in Chibok seem to have left is hope . Muvia prays a day will come when his daughters will be free to pursue their futures and become lawyers , doctors or engineers . "  When I see all these people doing their jobs , I have the desire -- or the hope -- that I want my children to be like them , " he says . "  I have very high hopes for them . "	Up to 300 schoolgirls have been kidnapped by Boko Haram from Chibok , Nigeria Parents , children say they are now too scared to go to school in the region Father tells CNN : "  No one can afford losing their daughter "
CNN  -- Christina Pearson was half-bald at age 13 . She just could n't stop pulling her hair , and ended up taking out every lock from the tops of her ears to the crown of her head . Trichotillomania is such a stigmatizing disorder that people will go to great length to hide it , experts say . "  It was absolutely terrifying because I was a very bright child , and doing great in school , " she said . "  The doctor had no idea what it was . " Pearson continued pulling her hair throughout her teens , 20s , and early 30s . It was n't until she was 33 that she learned her condition had a name : trichotillomania . She became inspired to start an organization , called the Trichotillomania Learning Center , to help other sufferers of the disorder . It turns out that this condition , characterized by the urge to pull hair from one 's body , affects about 2 to 4 percent of the population , according to the Trichotillomania Learning Center . A new study published this week in the Archives of General Psychiatry may hold promise for those who compulsively pull their hair . Researchers say participants who took an antioxidant called N-acetylcysteine , sold over the counter at vitamin stores , had significant improvement over patients who took placebos . The dietary supplement used in the study is known for its benefits to the kidneys and liver , said lead author Dr. John Grant at the University of Minnesota Medical Center , who is on the advisory board of the Trichotillomania Learning Center . More recently it has been shown to affect glutamate , a chemical messenger in the brain that seems to be involved in compulsive repetitive behaviors , he said . The sample size was small -- 50 people -- but the study has generated enthusiasm among trichotillomania researchers . "  This is one of the bigger advances we 've had within this field in a long time , " said Doug Woods , associate professor of psychology at the University of Wisconsin , Milwaukee . Psychologists are still debating how to categorize trichotillomania , Woods said . Many believe it is related to obsessive compulsive disorder , but others liken it to addictions or impulse control disorders . Researchers are unsure of exactly what goes on in the brain with this disorder . Some people with trichotillomania feel pleasure in pulling hair , while others describe it as "  calming , " and still others have no idea why they do it , Grant said . There may be differences in the brain pathways among people with the condition , he said . For Pearson , pulling hair up made her feel as if her whole nervous system lit up , she said . "  Basically my fingers would search for a texture , a certain type of hair , when I found it , I would pull it out , " she said . "  I would feel like I had found gold . " The condition affects primarily women and usually begins in childhood or adolescence , Woods said . The term , coined in 1889 by a Greek physician , comes from the Greek words for its features : "  tricho " means "  hair , " "  till " means "  to pull , " and "  mania " means "  frenzy . " Long before the disorder had a name , the idea of compulsive hair-pulling had been known for hundreds of years , Woods said . The two main kinds of medications that have been used for trichotillomania are selective seratonin reuptake inhibitors -- SSRIs , used for depression -- and the OCD drug chlorimipramine , Woods said . The antidepressants may help patients ' anxiety and depression but do n't actually help the pulling , whereas chlorimipramine has been shown to dampen the pulling impulse somewhat . But the treatment that has demonstrated the most effectiveness so far is behavior therapy , Woods said . The dietary supplement probably will not replace the need for behavioral therapy , but future research may find that they two approaches work well together , Grant said . Before trying N-acetylcysteine , people should consult their physicians , particularly to determine whether there are interactions that the supplement could have with other medications the patient already takes , Grant said . Experts say there are still many people who compulsively pull their hair and do n't know that they are not the only ones . Trichotillomania is such a stigmatizing disorder that people will go to great lengths to hide it -- to explain bald spots to acquaintances , some patients will lie and say they had cancer , Woods said . "  I have talked to patients who have pulled for 25 years , and their husbands do n't even know it , they hide it so well , " he said . People with the disorder do n't just pull from their heads -- they also pull hair from their eyebrows , eyelashes , and pubic regions , Woods said . Living with the disease , Pearson at times felt suicidal . She dropped out of high school because she was terrified of her friends finding out . "  There was a time in my early 20s when I really , seriously considered , could I cut my hands off and live my life ? " she said . "  My hands were my enemies , because they pulled my hair . " To manage her condition 18 years ago , Pearson tried relaxation techniques for the situations that led to her pulling . For example , she tended to pull her hair while driving , so she bought thin leather gloves and told herself that she could not remove them -- or pull her hair -- until she turned the car off . Today , there are many more strategies available to help people identify the triggers for hair-pulling and figure out the best way to control the impulses in those situations , Pearson said . The Trichotillomania Learning Center has assisted more than 100,000 people in some way since 1991 , Pearson said . The organization holds conferences , retreats , professional training sessions , and other programs to help people manage the disorder . The center also helps health care professionals learn about treating people for the condition . "  To experience the entrapment of this type of compulsion , and then to experience the freedom of living without it is a gift I wish for everyone , " Pearson said . For more information on getting help for trichotillomania , visit the Trichotillomania Learning Center .	People with trichotillomania uncontrollably pull their head and body hair out Study : Dietary supplement may help people with trichotillomania In the past it has been treated with antidepressants and OCD medication There are also behavioral strategies available
Entertainment Weekly  -- Dan Brown 's "  The Da Vinci Code " has spawned a raft of imitators , most of which pale in comparison ; the latest , "  The Lost Symbol , " is by Brown himself . Dan Brown 's "  The Lost Symbol " is his first novel since the blockbuster "  The Da Vinci Code " in 2003 . Once again , Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon is summoned to the scene of a gruesome attack , joins forces with an attractive and erudite love interest , and speeds around a world capital chasing clues , solving puzzles , and risking his life while dropping cocktail parties ' worth of scholarly minutiae . Even the setting , though new , will be familiar to most readers : Washington , D.C. . This time , Langdon is lured to the Capitol to save his mentor , Peter Solomon , a prominent member of the Freemasons who 's been kidnapped by a cryptic , heavily tattooed , Homer-reading psycho calling himself Mal ` akh -- a vicious fellow even less plausible than the albino monk in "  The Da Vinci Code . " Our hero is also in possession of an ancient Masonic artifact whose clues lead him on a treasure hunt to various D.C. tourist spots as he searches for a secret long hidden by the brotherhood . Watch the frenzy surrounding "  The Lost Symbol " " That secret , of course , is one giant MacGuffin -- though Brown is the rare thriller writer who seems to lavish as much attention on the object that sets his plot in motion as he does on the action itself . But for thriller fans , it 's the chase that really matters . Especially since the secrets of Freemasonry just are n't as compelling as , say , a controversial theory about Mary Magdalene and Jesus . Luckily , Langdon remains a terrific hero , a bookish intellectual who 's cool in a crisis and quick on his feet , like Ken Jennings with a shot of adrenaline . The codes are intriguing , the settings present often-seen locales in a fresh light , and Brown mostly manages to keep the pages turning -- except when one of his know-it-all characters decides to brake the action for another superfluous , if occasionally interesting , historical digression .  Did you know there 's a carving of Darth Vader on the National Cathedral ? Even after the book 's climactic showdown , you must slog through another 50-plus pages of exposition that Brown could n't cram into the main narrative . Sometimes it seems that authors , like their villains , do n't know when to leave well enough alone . EW Grade : C + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW : Dan Brown 's new novel , "  The Lost Symbol , " does n't equal "  Da Vinci Code " Book concerns the death of a Freemason that puts Robert Langdon back in action Brown offers plenty of minutiae , but not all of it 's interesting
Wenzhou , China  CNN  -- Acknowledging strong public anger and skepticism over the government 's handling of a deadly bullet train collision last weekend , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao Thursday promised a thorough investigation into the accident and its aftermath . Wen made the pledge on the crash site near Wenzhou in eastern Zhejiang province , where a bullet train was struck from behind Saturday night by another train , killing at least 40 people and injuring almost 200 . "  Our investigation has to answer to the people , " Wen said after laying a bouquet of flowers at a makeshift memorial on the scene . "  There will be a thorough probe into the accident , including all relevant aspects from equipment failures , management problems to manufacturing issues . " "  If corruption is found during the investigation , we will take it seriously and punish those responsible to the fullest extent of the law , " he added . Earlier the state-run Xinhua news agency quoted the Shanghai railway bureau as saying design flaws in the railway signal equipment led to Saturday 's fatal collision . Before addressing reporters at the crash site , Wen met victims ' families and visited injured passengers at a local hospital . He said the government must show compassion in dealing with people affected by the tragedy , reminding officials that "  money would not bring lost loved ones back . " State media Tuesday reported that local authorities would offer bonus money to victims ' families who settle early with the government , which has capped the total compensation at 500,000 yuan  77,000 U.S. dollars  . Local officials later denied the story amid fierce criticisms online . Chinese netizens have also been fuming over the railway ministry 's decision to end search-and-rescue operation after less than six hours , and its move to crush and bury one of the six derailed train cars when the investigation had barely started . In a nod to such sentiment , Wen said railway officials owed the public an answer while stressing the importance of an open and transparent investigation . "  The key to the handling of the accident is whether we let people know the truth , " he said . "  During the process , we should release information to the public timely and accurately . " Wen , China 's third most senior official after President Hu Jintao and legislative chief Wu Bangguo , has long been the public face of the top leadership in times of disasters and tragedies . He made a point of explaining his uncharacteristic absence from the scene until five days after the crash , saying he had been sick and confined to a hospital bed for 11 days . Now the world 's second-largest economy , and flush with cash , China has built the world 's longest high-speed rail network -- boasting more than 8,300 kilometers  5,100 miles  of routes -- in a few short years . The government plans to pour over $ 400 billion into rail projects in the next five years and also wants to export its technologies to markets that include the United States . The massive investment and rapid construction have long raised public doubts on the new lines ' safety and commercial viability , and last Saturday 's accident has only bolstered critics ' arguments . "  I think the bullet train system is not stable and may break down in extreme weather conditions , " said Professor Zhao Jian , a transportation expert with Beijing Jiaotong University . "  The previous railway minister developed high-speed rail irrationally and unscientifically , and this accident was the consequence of that ` great leap forward ' strategy . " Wen assured skeptics home and abroad that the government would learn its lessons and do its utmost to restore people 's faith in China 's high-speed rail . "  If safety is compromised , there is no credibility to speak of , " he said . "  It is important that we integrate our effort in pursuing speed , quality , efficiency and safety with the understanding that safety always comes first . "	Premier promises thorough investigation State media reports design flaws in railway signal equipment led to the deadly train crash China has built the world 's longest high-speed rail network Thirty-nine people died in the weekend train accident
CNN  Imagine discovering a plant that has the potential to help alleviate post-traumatic stress disorder , suicidal thoughts and paralyzing anxiety . That 's what some believe ayahuasca can do , and this psychedelic drink is attracting more and more tourists to the Amazon . If you Google "  ayahuasca , " you 'll find a litany of stories about Hollywood celebrities espousing its benefits , as well as the dangers of this relatively unstudied substance that triggers hallucinations . On this Sunday 's episode of "  This Is Life , " Lisa Ling goes inside an ayahuasca ceremony in Peru and talks to the men and women who are drinking this potent brew in hopes that it will alleviate their mental and emotional traumas . Here are six things to know about ayahuasca , which some call a drug and others call a medicine : Former Marine Lance Cpl. Ryan LeCompte organizes trips to Peru for war veterans , like himself , who are seeking ayahuasca as a possible treatment for PTSD and other emotional and mental trauma suffered after multiple combat deployments . He says he 's aware of the risks , as there 's very little known about ayahuasca 's effect on the body , but he says "  it 's a calculated risk . " "  Ayahuasca is a way to give relief to those who are suffering , " says LeCompte , who says many veterans are not satisfied with the PTSD treatment they receive when they return from combat . "  It 's just , ` Here 's a pill , here 's a Band-Aid . ' The ayahuasca medicine is a way to , instead of sweeping your dirt under the rug , you know , these medicines force you to take the rug outside and beat it with a stick until it 's clean , " LeCompte explains . "  And that 's how I prefer to clean my house . " Libby , an airman 1st class , is one of the veterans who accompanied LeCompte to Peru to try ayahuasca for her PTSD diagnosis , which includes sexual trauma while on active duty . She says antidepressants made her more suicidal . "  I would like to wish not to die all the time , " she said , when asked why she was seeking ayahuasca . "  I want that to go away " As more ayahuasca centers pop up in the United States , not surprisingly , celebrities including Sting and Lindsay Lohan have spoken publicly about their experiences with the substance -- albeit illegal outside of religious purposes in the United States . Lohan , who has struggled with addiction , called her ayahuasca experience "  eye-opening " and "  intense . " "  I saw my whole life in front of me , and I had to let go of past things that I was trying to hold on to that were dark in my life , " she said on her OWN reality series "  Linsday . " Sting said he and his wife , Trudie Styler , traveled to a church in the Amazon where they tried ayahuasca , which the British singer said made him feel like he was "  wired to the entire cosmos . " Those of have tried ayahuasca say that any benefits -- like with other drugs or medicine -- must be combined with therapy . "  If you think you 're just going to take ` joy juice ' ... you 're nuts , " explained author and ayahuasca expert Peter Gorman , who settled in Iquitos , Peru , during the first wave of ayahuasca tourism in the 1990s . "  The five years of work to get rid of -LSB- mental trauma -RSB- is still gon na be on you . " Gorman , author of "  Ayahuasca in My Blood , " explains that ayahuasca can help "  dislodge that negative energy " and show people what their life could be like without the negativity . " -LSB- Then -RSB- you can go back home and work on getting rid of it . " And it used to be taken by only the shaman Gorman says ayahuasca traditions in the Amazon have changed since Western tourists began seeking its benefits . "  Traditionally , the shaman drinks -LSB- ayahuasca -RSB- , he accesses other realms of reality to find out where the dissonance is , that if the shaman corrects , will eliminate the -LSB- symptoms -RSB- -- could be physical , could be emotional , could be bad luck , " Gorman explains . " -LSB- Then -RSB- we Americans come , and we said we insist on drinking the damn stuff -- we want our lives changed and we want that experience , so that certainly set things right on its head . " You can even buy ayahuasca powders and extracts online and in the local markets in the Peruvian Amazon , but Gorman warns "  you do n't know what it would be . " As more and more Western tourists consume ayahuasca , Gorman says it has him worried . "  I 've had this feeling in my bones for five or six years that something could go slightly wrong here that could sour a lot of stuff . " In April , 19-year-old Briton Henry Miller died after taking part in an ayahuasca ceremony in Colombia , according to various media reports . And Kyle Nolan , an 18-year-old from northern California , died under similar circumstances in August 2012 in Peru . The shaman who provided Nolan with the ayahuasca and who initially lied about his death was sentenced to three years in prison , his mother , Ingeborg Oswald , told CNN . There have been other reported deaths , as well as reports of physical and sexual assaults . Writer Lily Kay Ross says she survived sexual abuse by an ayahuasca shaman . "  We have to take seriously the potential for harm alongside the huge potential for benefit , " Ross says on a video on a fundraising website for the Ethnobotanical Stewardship Council . "  Standards of safety and ethics would go a long way in making sure that this kind of abuse is n't experienced by anyone else . " Ron Wheelock , an American shaman who leads an ayahuasca healing center in the Peruvian Amazon , says he fears there may be more deaths . "  I hate to say it , yes there probably will be , " he told Lisa Ling . "  It 's in the cards " Through IndieGogo.com , the Ethnobotanical Stewardship Council is raising money to create a health guide for ayahuasca centers in the Amazon , so tourists know which centers are safe and harvesting the plants in a sustainable manner that supports the local communities . The idea would be to put the ESC 's logo outside ayahuasca ceremony sites to signify those centers that meet the council 's criteria for safety and sustainability . In addition , there are efforts to study the medicinal benefits of ayahuasca so that it can be regulated and legalized in the United States , explains Rick Doblin , executive director of the Multidisciplinary Association of Psychedelic Studies . "  At a time when drug policy is being reevaluated , when marijuana looks like it 's on the road toward legalization , when psychedelic medicine is moving forward through the FDA and we can envision a time when psychedelics are available as prescription medicines , how ayahuasca should be handled in a regulatory context is really up in the air , " Doblin said . Veteran : My search for a PTSD cure led me to the Amazon	Ayahuasca , or yage , is a brew made from a plant in the Amazon Some believe it can help with mental trauma and PTSD But there have been some deaths associated with it Go inside an ayahuasca ceremony on "  This Is Life With Lisa Ling " at 10 p.m. ET on CNN
Washington  CNN  -- The White House will announce a new economic advisory council on Friday , one that will be headed by Jeffrey Immelt , the CEO and chairman of General Electric . "  Because we still have a long way to go to get Americans back to work and strengthen our economy , the President will announce on Friday that he will sign a new Executive Order creating a new board , the President 's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness , which will have a new composition and new mission as we move to a new phase in our economic recovery , " a White House statement said . "  The Council will focus on finding new ways to promote growth by investing in American business to encourage hiring , to educate and train our workers to compete globally , and to attract the best jobs and businesses to the United States . " The council replaces the old Economic Recovery Advisory Board that was headed by Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker . "  President Obama has asked me to chair his new President 's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness , " Immelt said in a Washington Post op-ed piece published Friday . "  I have served for the past two years on the President 's Economic Recovery Advisory Board , and I look forward to leading the next phase of this effort as we transition from recovery to long-term growth . "  The president and I are committed to a candid and full dialogue among business , labor and government to help ensure that the United States has the most competitive and innovative economy in the world , " he said . "  Jeff Immelt 's experience at GE and his understanding of the vital role the private sector plays in creating jobs and making America competitive makes him up to the challenge of leading this new Council , " President Barack Obama said in a statement . "  I also want to thank my friend Paul Volcker , whose service not just during this difficult period but for decades has been invaluable to me and the American people . " The development is the latest in a series of economic policy moves made by the White House in the new year . Two weeks ago , the president tapped Treasury aide Gene Sperling as the new director of the National Economic Council . Sperling , who succeeds economist Larry Summers as head of the council , currently is a counselor to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner . Among other things , he helped lead the administration 's tax negotiations with congressional Republicans during December 's lame-duck session of Congress . Sperling also headed the National Economic Council during the Clinton administration . Top Democrats are pointing to Obama 's decision to have him head the council as another sign the president is leaning more heavily on Clinton-era veterans as he starts working with a divided Congress . Obama also named Clinton Commerce Secretary Bill Daley as his new chief of staff this month . The U.S. economy continues to try to dig itself out of the job losses created by the recession that began in 2008 . In its most-recent unemployment report , the Labor Department said the U.S. economy added 103,000 jobs in December , while the unemployment rate fell from 9.8 % to 9.4 % . Obama noted that there have now been 12 months of private-sector job growth for the first time since 2006 . A CNN/Opinion Research poll shows at least three-quarters of Americans consider economic conditions to be somewhat poor or very poor . CNN 's Greg Clary contributed to this report .	The White House creates the President 's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness Jeffrey Immelt , the CEO and chairman of General Electric , will lead the group The U.S. unemployment rate lingers between 9 % and 10 %
CNN  -- The U.S. Air Force Academy is mourning its first female graduate to be killed by enemy forces in Afghanistan or Iraq . First Lt. Roslyn L. Schulte , 25 , graduated from the Air Force Academy in 2006 . First Lt. Roslyn L. Schulte , 25 , died Wednesday near Kabul , Afghanistan , of wounds suffered in a roadside bomb attack . She was an intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance operations officer assigned to the 613th Air and Space Operations Center , the Air Force said Friday in a news release . Schulte was deployed to Combined Security Transition Command-Afghanistan . She was traveling in a convoy to Bagram Airfield to participate in an intelligence sharing conference . "  Losing Lt. Schulte has been a tragedy felt by everyone here and across the Air Force , " said Col. Terrence O'Shaughnessy , 613th AOC commander . "  Our deepest sympathies and prayers are with the family of this heroic airman . " Schulte 's fellow airmen "  will be forever proud of her , " he added . Schulte graduated from the academy in 2006 . She is the 10th graduate to die in the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the academy said . Schulte 's parents live in St. Louis , Missouri . She also had a brother . Her father told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch that his daughter was a natural leader who was teaching Afghan forces how to handle military intelligence . "  She knew how to talk to chiefs of staff , to generals , to privates , and they listened , " Robert Schulte told the paper . "  And that 's what we needed , a great leader of people . "	Roadside bomb near Kabul kills 1st Lt. Roslyn L. Schulte , 25 Schulte is first female academy graduate to die in Afghan or Iraq war Fellow airmen "  will be forever proud of her , " commander says
CNN  -- A road trip , Melissa McCarthy and a drunken Susan Sarandon . Sounds like a recipe for a summer blockbuster , right ? That 's what McCarthy and her husband , Ben Falcone , are hoping to pull off with their July 2 comedy , "  Tammy . " The pair co-wrote and co-produced the feature about an unhinged woman who 's suffered a job loss and an unfaithful husband in too short a time span . McCarthy stars as the titular troubled Tammy , while Falcone took a seat in the director 's chair for the first time . And according to the duo , they have a peculiar dream to thank for their inspiration . "  Apparently  Falcone  goes and has really strange dreams about alcoholic grandmothers , but it 's working out great for us , " McCarthy joked at the movie 's June 30 premiere . "  I know it sounds a little bit creepy , " Falcone added , "  but I came downstairs and I just told Melissa , ` Would you want to do a road trip movie ? ' And "  a mere seven years later , " here they are , with "  Tammy " having ridden McCarthy 's reputation for perfectly executed physical comedy right to the top of this summer 's "  must-see " list . The only nightmare in the realization of their literal dream comedy is that the critics are n't laughing . Variety 's called it "  a well-meaning personal project that never rises above the level of amiable mediocrity , " and The San Francisco Chronicle was n't any kinder . "  There 's only one genuinely funny scene in ` Tammy , ' and of course it 's the first . " Rather than a production team , the Chronicle continues , "  Tammy " needed "  an intervention . " IndieWire thought the marketing campaign 's emphasis on just one scene -- you know the one , where she 's robbing a fast-food restaurant of its pie -- was because if "  anyone understood what the actual movie consisted of , they 'd probably stay away in droves . ... ` Tammy ' is a boring , unfunny road movie that limps along idly , consisting of a string of nonsensical set pieces and halfhearted stabs at character development that come across as off-putting and odd . As soon as our screening ended , a woman behind us sighed and said , ` That was uncomfortable . ' We could n't agree more . " The Hollywood Reporter does n't expect "  Tammy " to have a long ride through the summer , suspecting that McCarthy 's fans will show up initially before the title fizzles out . "  The film progresses from merely unfunny to unconvincing to dull , " THR reviews . "  It 's a waste of a good cast as well as a serious trip wire for McCarthy , who may know what 's best for her talents but , on the evidence , needs a deft-handed outsider to make sure she 's maximizing them . " No wonder Entertainment Weekly sympathetically acknowledges that "  it 's hard out here for a Tammy . " The movie 's script is "  lumpy " and the supporting actors "  never quite get to tap into what they can do , " EW observes , but at the very least , "  even when the material falls short ,  McCarthy 's  never not worth watching . " See more comedy content at CNN Comedy . CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Melissa McCarthy and Ben Falcone 's "  Tammy " was born from a dream The couple co-wrote and co-produced the comedy Critics have n't found it funny ; one found it "  unconvincing to dull "
CNN  Supported by American intelligence and supplied with advanced U.S.-made weaponry , Saudi jets began airstrikes in Yemen late last month in the name of what the kingdom 's Washington ambassador described as "  restoring the legitimate government " and protecting a "  Yemeni constitution and elections . " The need to protect constitutions and elections is a rather strange message from the representative of an absolute monarchy . Indeed , Saudi motives in Yemen likely have nothing to do with protecting the country 's "  legitimate government , " its constitution or its electoral process . So what is really going on ? The kingdom 's real motives seem clear if one looks at Saudi monarchy 's history of not allowing regional competition of any kind , while consistently combating efforts to build democratic governments that empower the people . This approach was evident in 2013 , when Saudi Arabia voiced its support for the military coup that overthrew the democratically elected government of Mohamed Morsy in Egypt , which was in keeping with counterrevolutionary Saudi policies that aimed to contain or reverse the results of the Arab Spring . The Saudi goal is simple : Prevent the rise of any popularly supported government in the region that seeks self-determination . And the excuse of "  resisting Iran 's influence , " meanwhile , appears to be nothing but sectarian bluster . For example , in 2009 , the Houthis  more accurately described as the Ansarullah  were not yet receiving help from Iran , yet for weeks the kingdom pummeled them with airstrikes , following Saudi claims of a Houthi incursion . True , the Ansarullah movement now benefits from Iranian support . But it is far from the only group getting help from outside sources in the region . With all this in mind , the American decision to stand behind the Saudi attack on Yemen can best be described as misguided . Although the Houthi movement 's rhetoric is unquestionably anti-American , it has not targeted any American interests . In fact , when the U.S. Embassy packed up in Sanaa in January , leaving a fleet of over 20 armored SUVs behind at the airport , the Houthis reportedly said they would round up the cars and deliver them to a U.N. representative in Yemen . And while the Houthis did not welcome the American presence in Yemen , they did not interfere with U.S. operations against al Qaeda in the country . But one of the biggest miscalculations has been that U.S. policy has adopted the Saudi-Gulf narrative on Yemen , effectively placing Saudi ambitions to control Yemen above previous American priorities like destroying the safe haven for al Qaeda there . Indeed , the Obama administration appears to have abandoned Yemen to Saudi machinations . This reality was underscored when U.S State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki effectively endorsed Saudi bombing , saying the "  Saudis have legitimate concerns about the possible impact of current events in Yemen on their security . " The implication here seems to be that any country "  concerned " about its neighbors can go ahead and bomb them , a view that risks creating a dangerous precedent . Back in September , White House spokesman Josh Earnest described Yemen as a success story in the war on terrorism , explaining that the U.S. priority in Yemen was not to establish a "  Jeffersonian democracy " but to prevent Yemen from becoming a safe-haven for al Qaeda and affiliates . Yet if that policy goal remains in place , then it must be acknowledged that the Saudi war on Yemen will not only undermine the U.S. aim of preventing al Qaeda from making Yemen a safe haven , but also undermine broader U.S. efforts in Yemen . The reality is that Saudi and Gulf Co-operation Council jets are effectively acting as al Qaeda 's air force by bombing the same group that had managed to uproot al Qaeda from several Yemeni regions . Interestingly , while Saudi Arabia deployed about 100 aircraft against the Houthis on the second day of its offensive , it reportedly deployed a mere four fighter jets in the early U.S.-led campaign against ISIS last year . Regardless , the results of the Saudi campaign are unlikely to be positive -- one only need look at the way a much smaller Houthi force than today was able to outfox the Saudi military back in 2009 . Back then , Houthi forces consisted of only a few hundred fighters , but they shocked the Saudi army , reportedly capturing Saudi equipment and forcing the evacuation of almost 250 Saudi villages as it seized territory along the border . Today , that ragtag group of Houthi rebels has been replaced by a much larger group called Ansarullah , modeled after Lebanon 's Hezbollah . Back in 2009 , the rebels were limited to parts of the Saada region and were self-funded , although Yemen claimed they had minor assistance from the late Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . Yet despite this , they were still able to withstand some 90 days of Saudi bombardment . Today , the Ansarullah group is receiving political , financial and military support from Iran . Already , the Saudi government was forced to cancel flights to southern airports , and it has also reportedly suspended classes in schools in the border regions . The situation is only likely to deteriorate as the fighting continues . What should be done now ? Saudi interests in Yemen should not replace those of the United States . With this in mind , the Obama administration should work to find an immediate political solution to the conflict , one that can be embraced by the various Yemeni factions . A change in approach is essential not only because the Saudi-led war on Yemen is wrong and destined to fail , but because it might end up further opening the Yemeni door to Iran . But perhaps most importantly , by supporting a self-interested Saudi campaign , the U.S. may actually empower an al Qaeda with the potential still to do great harm to the United States .	Saudi Arabia has launched airstrikes against rebels in Yemen Ali AlAhmed : Results of Saudi campaign unlikely to be positive
CNN  -- Peruvian authorities say they have arrested four members of a gang that specialized in selling to European labs fat obtained from dead humans . Officials are investigating the disappearance of at least 60 people they believe were killed by gang members in two mountainous states in central Peru , lead prosecutor Jorge Sanz Quiroz said Friday . The four suspects have been charged with murder in the September slaying of a Peruvian man , the prosecutor said . "  They killed to obtain human fat because there were European laboratories that would pay them , " Sanz Quiroz said . The suspects told authorities they were paid $ 15,000 for a liter  about 1 quart  of human fat . Officials did not disclose what possible use laboratories could have for the human fat , but fat can be a component of cosmetics and is used in reconstructive or cosmetic surgery . The use of human fat for any purpose is extremely rare , however , physicians say . Other suspects , including the Peruvian ringleader , have eluded capture , Sanz Quiroz said . Authorities have the names of two Italian suspects who are being sought by Interpol , the 188-nation worldwide police agency , the prosecutor said . He declined to reveal their identities . Sanz Quiroz acknowledged the uniqueness of the allegations . "  We are not making this up , " he said . "  They have confessed to this . That 's what 's coming out now . " One of the suspects told officials he had been committing the murders for five years . According to a criminal complaint Sanz Quiroz filed November 18 , officials discovered on September 22 a small container containing a fat-like substance that had been stored at the Bella Durmiente bus station in Lima , Peru 's capital . On November 3 , the complaint says , suspect Serapio Marcos Veramendi Principe was arrested after he retrieved three bottles from the Estrella Polar bus station . The bottles contained a substance authorities believe is human fat , the complaint says . Lab tests are being performed to determine what the substance is . Authorities identified the three other suspects as Elmer Segundo Castillejos Aguero , Hilario Cudena Simon and Enedina Estela Claudio . The suspects identified each other for police in photo lineups , the complaint says . In addition to murder , Veramendi Principe and Castillejos Aguero face weapons charges . Castillejos Aguero , Veramendi Principe and Estela Claudio also face drug charges , authorities said . They are accused in the September 16 killing of Abel Matos Aranda , the criminal complaint says . Authorities believe the substance found at the bus stations is body fat obtained from Matos Aranda . Officials unearthed a partially buried male body November 13 in Huanuco state . They believe it was Matos Aranda . Sanz Quiroz referred to the suspects as "  brujos , " the Spanish word for witches . He noted that the suspects are part of an Andean mountain culture that believes bodies can be used to ward off evil and prevent disasters . For example , he said , bodies are often buried at the entrances to mine shafts and bridges in the belief they will keep the structures from collapsing . Authorities are calling the suspects "  pishtacos , " which are Andean mythological creatures . In his 1996 book "  Death in the Andes , " Peruvian author Mario Vargas Llosa mentions pishtacos extensively , saying they are half-white ghouls who live in caves , lurk along dark isolated roads and suck the fat out of anyone careless enough to travel Andean roads at night . Andean myth holds that the fat is used to make soaps , lubricants , healing potions and cosmetic creams . Until the arrests , few believed that anything resembling pishtacos existed . "  It 's an Andean myth that we 've now been able to prove , " said Miguel Jimenez Torres , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office . Some physicians say human fat is used in some medical procedures , but a few products were taken off the market because they were considered unsafe . The longevity of implants that use human tissue often is not as good , said Atlanta cosmetic surgeon Harold Brody . Nor is there any advantage , he said , to using human fat in cosmetic creams or lotions . "  They 're a little behind the times , " Brody said . "  It makes a great moisturizer , but it has no advantages over good moisturizers that do n't use human fat . " New York dermatologist Barry Goldman said he had never heard of human fat being sold on the black market . "  The idea that anybody would use an injectable where you did n't know where it came from would be laughable if it were n't unethical and potentially dangerous , " he said . Still , the notion of black market human fat seemed possible to him . "  They steal kidneys , so why not this ? " he asked . "  It is sick , but in the Holocaust they did use skin for lamps . "	Peruvian authorities reported to have arrested gang who are selling human fat Officials investigating disappearances of at least 60 people Two suspects arrested with a plastic container with human fat in it
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The days are getting shorter , the nights colder , but that does n't mean that your electricity bill needs to go through the roof . In a unique experiment , the residents of Britain 's Scilly Isles are hoping to show that reducing your electricity consumption does n't have to be difficult . The Isles of Scilly is switching off power to promote energy efficiency . As part of E-Day , homes , schools and businesses on the Scilly Isles are switching off all non-essential electrical equipment to promote energy saving . The results of the experiment are being posted online in real-time . E-Day organizer , Matt Prescott said : "  The Isles of Scilly are like a miner 's canary for the rest of the UK , because of their vulnerability to sea level rise , to violent storms rolling off the Atlantic and to any major changes in the Gulf Stream . " The islands , which lie 28 miles off Land 's End , the UK 's most westerly point , are connected to the UK mainland by a single electricity cable which means that power usage in the experiment can be measured efficiently . All of the 2000-strong community who are spread across five islands have been encouraged to join in . The energy savings made will be compared against the previous day 's usage with updates appearing online regularly . The E-Day Web site keeps track of costs and kWh usage providing up-to-the-minute information about how much electricity is being used in island-wide as well as individually monitoring Five Islands School on St Mary 's Island and the electricity consumption of one family . "  We 've fitted the family and the school with special energy monitors so they can accurately monitor what appliances use the most electricity , " Prescott told CNN . Studies suggest that families who use these sorts of energy monitors can cut their electricity bills by up to 20 percent . At the time of writing , the family 's consumption had dropped dramatically , down 35 percent on the previous day , which Prescott estimates is a saving of around # 300  $ 475  on their annual electricity bill . Sadly the figures for the school and the island as a whole were n't quite so impressive . The school was up six percent on the previous day , while the island as a whole saw a two percent rise in usage . Prescott put these small rises down to the notoriously fickle British weather . "  Yesterday was lovely and sunny , " he said . "  So far , today it has been rainy . " The damp and gloom have meant more lights being switched on but despite these meteorological setbacks , Prescott remained upbeat about the success of the experiment . "  Before the family left home this morning they turned off everything they could , so their reduction in usage is a fantastic result , " he said . Visitors to the the E-Day Web site can also play the "  5 Things " game to find out what all sorts of household appliances cost to run and how much they cost you and the environment . "  The E-Day experiment will hopefully prove that the small things can make a big difference , especially when we work together and try to save energy , " Prescott said . Prescott is also the founder of "  Ban the Bulb " -- an energy efficiency campaign which is helping phase out the use of incandescent light bulbs in 30 countries . The event has been organized as part of a four-day Earth Summit event which has seen the Isles of Scilly play host to fellow islanders from Samoa , The Galapagos Islands , Madagascar and the Carteret Islands -- whose inhabitants are some of the first people being displaced by rising sea-levels .	UK 's Scilly Isles take part in a day-long experiment monitoring electricity consumption Islanders being encouraged to switch off all non-essential electrical appliances E-Day is the culmination of a four-day long Earth Summit on the islands
Dallas  CNN  -- Authorities detained a person near the home of former President George W. Bush on Wednesday night after an incident in his Dallas-area neighborhood , a U.S. Secret Service spokesman said . The person who was detained was coming to visit a neighbor of the former president , according to Ed Donovan of the Secret Service . The person was authorized to come onto the street , Donovan said . The incident is being investigated by the Secret Service , and there was no perceived threat to the former president , according to Sgt. Warren Mitchell with the Dallas Police Department . "  President and Mrs. Bush are OK and they appreciate the work of the United States Secret Service and the Dallas Police Department in responding to the incident , " said Bush spokesman David Sherzer .	The U.S. Secret Service is investigating the incident There is no perceived threat to the former president , police said
CNN  -- Sunday 's Teen Choice Awards found no fault with "  The Fault In Our Stars . " The June movie release was a big winner at the 2014 ceremony , beating out "  American Hustle , " "  Heaven Is For Real , " "  Million Dollar Arm " and "  Veronica Mars " for the choice movie drama surfboard trophy . "  Fault " stars Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort also walked away with a huge surfboard haul , winning the Teen Choice Awards for movie drama actress  Woodley  , movie drama actor  Elgort  , and for movie liplock . Their co-star Nat Wolff got a surfboard of his own for choice movie scene-stealer , and he shared yet another surfboard with Woodley and Elgort for choice movie chemistry . Film was far from the only category of the night , as the awards ceremony honored teen favorites in movies , TV , music and on the Web . Here 's what else you should know about the 2014 Teen Choice Awards : 1 . Donald Sutherland remains the best "  Hunger Games " actor Donald Sutherland won the Teen Choice Award for best movie villain , and he arrived on stage to show exactly why . "  You voted me most villainous ? " Sutherland , who plays the calculating President Snow in the "  Hunger Games " series , asked the roaring crowd . "  I 've been married for 42 years . My wife asked me to tell you that she agreed with you . I , on the other hand , do not . I think , on the contrary , that I am very nice . Sweet-tempered , and generous . " So generous , Sutherland continued , that he 'd even brought the crowd "  souvenirs " from the "  Hunger Games ' " Panem . And with that , he opened a bag to toss out berries at the audience -- which in the "  Hunger Games " world tend to be poisonous -- with the warning , "  I would n't eat them if I were you . " 2 . Selena Gomez gets personal When Selena Gomez accepted her surfboard for the ultimate choice award -- a top prize that in the past has gone out to stars like Justin Timberlake , Sarah Michelle Gellar and Britney Spears -- she surprised the audience with an unexpectedly emotional speech . "  I have to be honest , especially this month , I have to thank you guys , because you remind me -- amidst the stuff that we deal with personally -- you remind me of what 's important , " Gomez said to her fans . "  And that 's giving , and loving and caring about each other . I 'm not trying to preach ... it 's just that you guys make me better . " There was one more thing , Gomez continued : "  I want to thank my mom so much , because she 's the greatest human being in the world , " Gomez said . "  She 's strong , and she 's given up her life for me , and she 's so beautiful . I want all of you to love your mom and give her everything , because she 's incredible . " 3 . Ansel Elgort is a breakout star On top of the other honors 20-year-old Elgort won on Sunday , the actor also snagged the choice movie breakout star surfboard . "  The Fault In Our Stars , " adapted from John Green 's novel about a pair of teen cancer patients who fall in love , is just Elgort 's third credited movie role , following 2014 's other hit , "  Divergent . " If you do n't know the actor 's name yet , the Teen Choice Awards is telling you to get used to it . 4 . The Kardashians still have a young audience With E! 's "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians " now in its ninth season , you might assume that teens in 2014 would be more interested in watching the newest Vine star than the Kardashian family 's escapades . But in reality , they 're watching both . On Sunday , Kim Kardashian joined her younger sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner to accept the surfboard for choice reality show , trumping "  Total Divas , " "  The Real Husbands of Hollywood , " "  Dance Moms " and "  Cosmos : A Spacetime Odyssey . " Also on the TV side , ABC Family 's "  Pretty Little Liars " and The CW 's "  The Vampire Diaries " were two of the other big winners . "  Pretty Little Liars " won choice TV drama as well as some acting awards for its cast , while "  Vampire Diaries " won best sci-fi/fantasy TV series and a few surfboards for leads like Nina Dobrev and Ian Somerhalder .  For choice comedy , it was "  The Big Bang Theory " all the way . 5 . "  Divergent " and "  The Hunger Games " are still loved , too You might think after looking at the movie winners that "  The Fault In Our Stars " has replaced franchises like "  Divergent " and "  The Hunger Games " in the hearts of teens , but those two movies were able to land a few wins , as well . "  Divergent , " which also stars "  Fault " actress Shailene Woodley , picked up the choice action movie title , while Woodley was named choice action movie actress as well . "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , " the second movie in the four-film "  Hunger Games " franchise , won the choice sci-fi/fantasy movie category and snagged a surfboard for star Jennifer Lawrence , who was named choice sci-fi/fantasy movie actress .	"  The Fault In Our Stars " was a big winner at the 2014 Teen Choice Awards The ceremony honors teen favorites in movies , TV , music and the Web On TV , big winners were the Kardashians , "  Pretty Little Liars " and "  The Vampire Diaries " Selena Gomez and Donald Sutherland had memorable speeches
CNN  -- A Cambodian court Wednesday sentenced a 68-year-old Michigan man to 10 years in prison for having sex with children . Phillip Bruce Shepard was arrested in the capital , Phnom Penh , in July . The anti-pedophile group Action Pour les Enfants said the case involved Shepard buying sex from 17 girls and abusing two brothers aged 12 and 14 . "  He was sentenced to 10 years in prison for purchasing child prostitution , " said Phnom Penh Municipal Court prosecutor Ek Chheng Huot . Officials said Shepard was a doctor , working at a private clinic in the capital , before his arrest . Cambodia is categorized by the U.S. government as a destination country for foreign child sex tourists , with increasing reports of Asian men traveling to Cambodia in order to have sex with underage virgin girls , according to a comprehensive 2009 Trafficking in Persons Report . The U.S. State Department report states a significant proportion of trafficking victims in Cambodia are ethnic Vietnamese women and girls who are forced into prostitution in brothels and karaoke bars .	The case involves the abuse of two brothers aged 12 and 14 Phillip Bruce Shepard receives 10 years for buying child prositution He was arrested in July Cambodia is categorized as a destination country for foreign child sex tourists
Rajasthan , India  CNN  -- Rajinder Kumar has a spring in his step and a big smile on his face these days . The 35-year-old farmer from Sri Ganganagar , a district in Rajasthan , northwest India , says life has never been better . It 's all because of what he grows in his fields -- a desert crop called guar . "  It 's a miracle , " he says . Guar gum powder , made by crushing seeds of the guar crop , is used in a number of products in the food and cosmetics industries , including ice cream , breads , pastries , lipsticks and even diapers . In just one year the price of guar has surged tenfold , from about 30 rupees  about 50 U.S. cents  to around 300 rupees for each kilogram of the precious seed . Behind the phenomenal price rise is a surge in demand . Oil and gas companies in the United States have developed a massive appetite for guar gum powder -- a key ingredient in a process called fracking , which is used to extract natural and shale gas from beneath the Earth 's surface . Guar gum powder has unique binding , thickening and emulsifying qualities which make it ideal for fracking , explains B.D. Agarwal , the founder and managing director of Vikas WSP , an Indian company that specializes in producing the product . So far , oil companies have not been able to find a suitable substitute , he says . Since 90 % of the world 's guar is grown in the desert belt of northwest India , local farmers in this poor area are enjoying the benefit of the guar rush . Kumar says he had debts of almost $ 12,000 . "  I thought I 'd never be able to pay it off , " he says . "  There is a saying that in a house where there 's no food , there are fights . We used to fight all the time . " But thanks to the high price of guar these days , Kumar has been able to pay off his debt . He 's building a house for his family , has bought mobile phones , an air cooler and a satellite dish . He can afford to send his children to school . "  We are all happy now , " he adds . Agarwal , meanwhile , is confident the guar rush will grow . He says shale gas reserves have been identified in 32 countries and 48 basins around the world , including India . Only the U.S. and Canada , and very recently Argentina , have attempted to extract it . China is expected to start fracking by the end of the year . As demand grows , Agarwal predicts the value of the guar industry will jump , suggesting it could go from a $ 2 billion business today , to $ 200 billion by 2020 . So he 's encouraging farmers like Rajinder to keep growing it . In May this year , Vikas gave 15 kilograms of guar seeds to 200,000 farmers and guaranteed them returns . "  Everyone in the village is now growing guar , " Kumar 's wife , Dayawanti , says . "  No one talks of anything else . It 's changed the village . If you came here two years ago , you would n't see joy on anyone 's face . " Her neighbors ' house is bursting with joy . Musicians beat traditional drums to welcome guests as the community gets together to celebrate a marriage . The bridegroom -- also a guar farmer -- says he would never have been able to afford this pomp if it was n't for guar . Locals call the little green bean "  black gold " and in Sri Ganganagar , it 's easy to understand why .	Guar beans bringing relative riches to Sri Ganganagar in northwest India Price has risen tenfold in the past year delivering big returns for farmers Guar gum power is used by oil companies in the fracking process Rajinder Kumar says his guar crop has allowed him to pay off large debts
London 's taxi drivers are famed for cramming their brains with an encyclopedic knowledge of the city 's backstreets that allows them to swerve around any traffic jam . But on Wednesday many were stuck in gridlock of their own making as they joined other cabbies across Europe staging protests against Uber , a mobile phone app they say threatens their livelihoods . Uber customers can use their phones to flag down private cabs then meter the charges based on the length of journey . Drivers of London 's black taxis say that should n't be allowed . They say they 've earned a monopoly on picking up passengers on the fly and billing by meter through years of study to memorize the city 's tangled street map . To make their point , hundreds of drivers took their black cabs into central London for a horn-tooting drive around Trafalgar Square and past the UK 's Houses of Parliament , bringing traffic to a standstill . Police , who wanted the protest limited to a strict one-hour timeframe , threatened drivers with fines and arrest . "  The long and the short of it is , allowing -LSB- a company like Uber -RSB- to come in and say they 're a tech company , that they do n't want to be licensed ... is not fair , " said Steve Garelick , a union official representing licensed London taxi drivers . Several European cities saw similar protests . All-out strike In Madrid many drivers stayed home for the day with Spanish media reporting an all-out strike . In France there were reports of taxis blockading roads in Paris and other cities . Demonstrations were also staged in Germany and Italy . In London , transport officials condemned the protest which one report said would cost the city Â # 125 million  $ 210 million  . Garrett Emmerson , a spokesman for Transport for London , said it was a "  pointless disruption for Londoners over a legal issue . " Emmerson said his organization had called on the UK 's High Court to make a ruling on what constituted a "  taximeter . " Uber , valued at $ 18 billion , has millions of customers and is expanding its operations to 128 cities in 37 countries . Its founder , Travis Kalanick , told CNN he often sees a backlash in cities where it gains market clout . "  It 's really common when we really succeed in a city that the incumbents -- the taxi industry -- are often trying to protect a monopoly that 's been granted to them by local officials . They 're trying to slow down competition , " he said . The company said it had benefited from Wednesday 's protests , registering an 850 % leap in app downloads on the previous week . Do you prefer to use an app to flag down a ride ? Let us know below .	Taxi drivers create gridlock in several European cities to protest Uber mobile phone app They say they app violates rules on cab licensing with its "  metering " function and ruins livelihoods Uber says it is helping create jobs and bringing positive change to transportation industry
WASHINGTON -- President Obama said Thursday he intends to nominate a top Los Angeles International Airport police department official to head the Transportation Security Administration , the agency charged with protecting airplanes and other forms of transportation from terrorists . Erroll Southers has served as the state 's deputy director of homeland security and a special agent with the FBI . Erroll Southers currently is the department 's chief of homeland security and intelligence . His name had been floated for the federal job earlier this year and was warmly received by unions and airport screeners , who say Southers will embrace collective bargaining for screeners . Now "  the question of bargaining rights at TSA is not a matter of ` if ' but ` when , ' " said John Gage , president of the American Federation of Government Employees , in a statement applauding the choice . "  We are confident that the appointment of Mr. Southers as administrator will help put that matter to bed . " Screeners had an often hostile relationship with the Bush administration , which opposed unionization , saying it would hinder the agency 's ability to quickly respond to emergencies . The airport 's police department , which Southers has helped manage since early 2007 , is the largest such operation in the country , with approximately 1,200 employees . His new job would give him much greater responsibilities , managing the TSA 's roughly 50,000 employees . Those employees include some 45,000 screeners , known as transportation security officers , who provide security at 450 airports nationwide , and an undisclosed number of federal air marshals -- plainclothes officers tasked with preventing or interrupting hijackings . "  Sorry to see him go , actually , " said Marshall McClain , president of the Los Angeles Airport Peace Officers Association . "  Out of the new management team , I would say he was the most well-received and most well-liked . " McClain said Southers brought more weaponry to the department 's tactical team , increased the focus on intelligence , and had the team train with security forces from Israel 's El Al Airlines . "  Some of the things that the Israelis do may just shock the consciousness of the U.S. , but they are second to none , " McClain said . "  He did step up the game quite a bit . " Obama 's announcement sets in motion a confirmation process that will begin with the Senate Commerce Committee collecting background information on Southers . A confirmation hearing will come later , after Southers is formally nominated . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano on Thursday praised Obama 's choice , saying Southers ' "  expertise in counterterrorism and airport security will be a great asset to the department . " In addition to serving as assistant chief of the Los Angeles Airport Police , Southers is associate director at the Center for Risk and Economic Analysis of Terrorism Events at the University of Southern California . Previously , he served as the state 's deputy director of homeland security , and as a police officer with the Santa Monica Police Department and special agent with the FBI . The administration said Southers is a senior fellow at the University of California-Los Angeles School of Public Affairs and holds a bachelor 's degree from Brown University as well as a master 's degree from the University of Southern California , where he is currently pursuing a doctorate in policy , planning and development .	Erroll Southers is chief of homeland security of airport 's police department Southers known for increasing focus on intelligence , colleague says Unions , airport screeners say Southers will embrace collective bargaining Janet Napolitano praises Southers ' expertise in counterterrorism , airport security
CNN  -- A bad breakup : Nothing can be as emotionally tumultuous for a young heart . Except maybe finding out via your Facebook newsfeed that your college ex is dating someone from your fraternity . That was the defining moment that eventually led Brolin Walters , 24 , to ultimately break up with something else : Facebook . "  I did n't want to see what was going on with them , " said Walters . "  So I deactivated my account . " With a website that boasts 901 million active users and is launching an IPO on Friday , it seems unlikely that once you get on Facebook , you 'd ever leave . But deactivating from the social networking site is not that unusual . Close to half of Americans think Facebook is a passing fad , according to the results of a new Associated Press-CNBC poll . More and more people are stepping away from the technological realm and de-teching . There are even sites where they can pledge to delete their Facebook accounts . And tech writer Paul Miller from The Verge decided to leave the Internet for a year to reassess his relationship with it . We asked whether any of you had left Facebook , and the responses urged in . From privacy issues to a need for more face time , the reasons for choosing to live without Facebook ran deep . Maintaining a professional image Although Walters , now a consultant , initially left Facebook for social reasons , he says he was also thinking about his career . "  You do n't want a future employer to find something that they would deem questionable , " he said . Job prospects and personal privacy compelled high school student Alexander Clark , 18 , to deactivate his Facebook account as well . Ever since he can remember , Clark has wanted to join the Air Force . Now , as he comes closer to making that dream a reality , he says he wants to maintain a professional image . "  There are things on Facebook that I do n't want my employer to see , and what I was told was ` what 's on Facebook stays on Facebook . ' " Despite leaving the site for privacy reasons , Clark considers Facebook to be a pioneering company . "  I would totally buy their IPOs if I had the money , but I 'm just not -LSB- as -RSB- into Facebook as I used to be , and I think it is from the life decisions I have made , " he said . Focusing on "  real " communication Putting in the effort to make a phone call : That 's what Shiela O'Dea does now after deleting her Facebook account . O'Dea 's move off Facebook was gradual and started when she found the site went from being fun to being habitual . "  I was literally on it all the time , " she said . "  When I first logged off for good , I would think about getting back on . But the more I stayed away from it , the more I realized I did n't need it . " O'Dea says after deactivating from the site , she makes a greater effort to socially engage with others . "  It 's funny , it 's called a social networking site , but we are sort of disconnecting , " she said . "  It is mass communicating , but we are losing something -- we are losing our interpersonal skills . " Chris Andrus says he started feeling the content on Facebook became impersonal and irrelevant to his life . So he and his wife deactivated their accounts after five years on the site . He says their social lives improved after leaving Facebook because now they focus on more in-person connections . "  We feel like we have strengthened relationships with close friends and family that are truly important to us , and not concerned ourselves with the other hundreds of ` friends ' that really are n't important , " he said . Shedding an emotional burden A study from Utah Valley University says there is a direct correlation between the amount of time spent on Facebook and the way people perceive their lives . Users that spent more time on the site reportedly thought their Facebook friends had better lives than themselves . That definitely rings a bell for Andrea F.  who did n't want her last name used  . She says Facebook made her perceive herself differently , and she felt pressured to be a certain way . The 28-year-old deleted her account 10 months ago when she realized how self-conscious Facebook made her feel . She started caring too much about what people she barely even knew thought about her profile and status updates , she explained . "  To make myself feel important , I made up exaggerated posts to garner attention from friends , " she remembers . "  Does that make sense ... no , but maybe I was not aware that I was unconsciously doing that until I got off -LSB- the site -RSB- . " Avoiding a time-waster The average Facebook user spends more than six hours a week on the site . For some , that 's just too much time . As a young mother , Evelyn Bateman , 30 , said Facebook transformed into a time-waster for her . "  I would sit on the computer , logged onto Facebook , looking at photos of my high school friends ' baby pictures and I would think to myself , ` Wow I have n't talked to these people -- there are people I have n't spoken to in 10 years , " she said . After deactivating her account , Bateman found time to sit down with classic novels and spend more them with her young children . "  It is so easy to lose an hour of time on Facebook , " she said . Bateman 's friends and even her husband are still on the site . After deactivating from Facebook , she now notices that people are not as engaged with their real lives because they are so entranced with their cyberlives . "  My husband would get these updates of his friends at a bar , and they would be updating their Facebook with photos and he said , ' I wonder what it must be like to hang out with someone that is constantly updating , ' " she said . Maintaining personal privacy Privacy was the biggest reason behind Tom Martin 's deactivation from Facebook in 2011 . The 23-year-old says that although the site is free to use , people are paying a price by providing their personal information . He says Facebook is swiftly making profiles more public , and he does not want to compromise his privacy . "  I do not want to be a part of this apparent mission to alter the norms of society , " Martin said . "  Facebook has frequently changed its privacy settings in the past and will do so again , always in favor of less privacy . " Despite his adamant stance on maintaining his deactivation from Facebook , Martin admits to missing the occasional social outing or party by not being a member of the site . "  There is somewhat of a social price to be paid for rebelling against the trend , " he says , but he believes the people who really care about him will make the extra effort to stay in touch . A downside to de-teching ? Although de-teching is emerging as a trend , some people noticed a negative stigma attached to not having a Facebook account . O'Dea says people usually ca n't believe it when she tells them she is not on the site . "  They are shocked that I no longer communicate using Facebook , almost like there is something seriously wrong with me , " she said . Martin highlights similar experiences when people discover he is not on the social networking site . "  Once in a while a person will respond as if you 've attacked their religion and indignantly start defending the site and trying to convince me how great it is and why I should use it , " he said . Walters says he gets the "  I ca n't believe you 're not on Facebook " remark often . But he prefers face-to-face conversations much more than the digital , fleeting responses he would get via Facebook . Even though he has noticed his social life change after Facebook , he says overall he is happy with his decision to deactivate . "  My network is smaller but stronger , " he says . CNN 's Rachel Rodriguez contributed to this report .	It 's the unlikeliest of tech trends : Deactivating from Facebook and social media sites Some are leaving Facebook in favor of more "  real " communication , free time One study found that Facebook could make users more dissatisfied with their lives Facebook defectors say they miss out on some events but are , overall , happier
CNN  There used to be an ad campaign for American Express featuring the line , "  Do you know me ? " Larry Wilmore could probably be its poster boy . The writer and comedian , whose new "  The Nightly Show " debuts on Comedy Central on Monday after Jon Stewart 's "  Daily Show , " has generally stayed behind the scenes . Sure , he 's popped up occasionally on "  The Daily Show " as "  Senior Black Correspondent , " but he 's devoted much of his career to writing and producing . It did n't start out that way . In the 1980s , he dropped out of college to become an actor and stand-up comedian .  You may remember him as a police officer on "  The Facts of Life . "  It was a few years later when he decided to become a TV writer . As Wilmore tells it , he was just being practical . "  I knew Hollywood was n't going to find me , " he told New York magazine of his acting years , when the standard casting call wanted black men closer to Eddie Murphy 's fast-talking types . "  I needed to be able to control my own destiny . Being an actor was too flighty . " After success as a writer for "  In Living Color , " "  Sister , Sister " and "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , " he turned producer with "  The PJs , " the animated Eddie Murphy show , and the offbeat "  Bernie Mac Show . " He had returned to standup and done some hosting with a touring show called "  Larry Wilmore 's Race , Religion and Sex , " but was ready to go back to producing as the show runner for "  Black-ish . " Instead , he decided to stay in front of the camera to host "  The Nightly Show , " which is taking over the "  Colbert Report " time slot . He does n't seem intimidated . Not only is he going to be in Colbert 's old offices and using his old studio , "  I 'm also moving into Stephen 's house and driving his old car , " he told The New York Times . Wilmore grew up in the Los Angeles area , where comedy was a regular part of his growing up . It 's still a family affair : His brother Marc is a writer for "  The Simpsons . " Hard work is also in his makeup . His father was a probation officer who decided to become a doctor -- in his 40s . "  He started taking premed courses , and he just did it . He was a really solid student because he had perspective , " Wilmore told The New York Times . "  He was n't out playing beer pong every night . It was such a lesson to me . " Wilmore has distinguished himself on "  The Daily Show , " where his Senior Black Correspondent has chimed in on such subjects as Black History Month , Barack Obama 's presidency and the Ferguson violence . He 's already had to adjust to changes at "  The Nightly Show , " which was originally announced as "  The Minority Report with Larry Wilmore . " Unfortunately for Comedy Central , Fox decided to develop a project based on the 2002 Tom Cruise movie , so Comedy Central opted for "  The Nightly Show . " But the easygoing Wilmore is OK with that . Besides , the show was n't just going to be about people of color , he told The New York Times . "  It was never intended to be a show only about minorities , " he said . "  It 's a show about underdogs , and that happens in a lot of different forms , whether it 's race , gender or whatever . " According to New York magazine , the new show will have some regular cast members , a few panelists and Wilmore , anchoring it all with monologues and his distinct take on the news . Rory Albanese , the "  Nightly Show 's " executive producer , told The Wall Street Journal that Wilmore 's training behind the scenes will serve him well . "  Larry 's like a Jedi " of TV and comedy , he said . Wilmore himself is taking a casual attitude to the inevitable attention . You did n't know him before ? You may soon see him everywhere , but he 'll be the same Larry Wilmore regardless . "  It 's too late for success to do anything to me . I 'm too old . Success had its chance , " he told The New York Times . "  It 's too late for you , success . You had your shot . You 're not going to change me at this point . "	Larry Wilmore 's "  Nightly Show " taking over Colbert 's old time slot Most of Wilmore 's experience behind scenes , though he 's appeared on "  Daily Show "
CNN  On the swoop of the Vikersundbakken hill ski jump , it was a case of anything you can do , I can do better . When Peter Prevc soared a massive 250 meters  820 feet  to set a new ski jumping world record in Norway on Saturday , he must have been confident the record would stand for some time . After all , the previous mark had been in the record books for four years and Prevc had soared 3.5 meters  11 feet  further than that . But the Slovenian had barely had a chance to celebrate his place in the annals of ski jumping history when his best effort was eclipsed by Norwegian rival Anders Fannemel . The 23-year-old nudged the record leap another 1.5 meters  5 feet  further Sunday at the same venue . In quotes carried by the FIS website afterward , Fannemel said : "  I thought it would not be possible to jump longer than 250m . Then I saw Dimitry Vassiliev 's jump on 254m -LSB- in qualifying which he was not able to make stand -RSB- . "  The conditions were perfect for long flights and I made the best jump of my life . " It was , however , not enough for the victory , his second jump coming up some way short of the initial mark and Severin Freund won the World Cup instead . Earlier in the weekend , Prevc had been the first non-Scandinanvian since Austria 's Andreas Goldberger 15 years ago to set the record . At the time , Prevc had said : "  It 's always great to jump far . This win today and the world record is my biggest success so far . "  The speed and the position was perfect then I just landed . Right now , it 's hard to describe my feelings , it will probably take a few days . " But Prevc did not have those few days to dwell on his historic landing as Scandinavia wrestled back the record courtesy of Fannemel .	Anders Fannemel breaks ski-jumping world record 24 hours after it is set Slovenia 's Peter Prevc had originally broken the record with a leap of 250 meters But then the Norwegian went 1.5 m further to set a new mark
CNN  -- The very best was reserved for last and Usain Bolt did not disappoint . The track and field superstar took the baton on the anchor leg of the sprint relay for Jamaica a stride behind an inspired English quartet before surging clear in the home straight -- the winning time a Commonwealth Games record of 38.58 seconds . Despite being a six-time Olympic champion , it was Bolt 's first gold at the Commonwealth Games and he celebrated by prolonged laps of honor of Hampden Park , signing autographs and posing for endless selfies . It was a fitting finale for the athletics program and Bolt had treated the capacity crowd to his usual pre-race antics , cavorting to "  I 'm Gon na Be " by the Proclaimers before switching to race mode as only he can . England 's last leg runner Dan Talbot might have dreamed of gold but he could not match Bolt 's giant stride and had to settle for a deserved silver ahead of Trinidad and Tobago . Jamaica 's women 's quartet also won their sprint relay , anchored by the reigning Olympic and world sprint champion Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce . Like Bolt , she has been having a relatively low-key year ahead of preparing for the 2016 Olympics in Rio , but still showed a neat turn of foot to lead her team home in 41.83 seconds , also a Games record . Nigeria took silver ahead of England . Earlier , 40-year-old mother of two Jo Pavey struck a blow for veteran athletes with a superb bronze in the women 's 5,000 m for England . Pavey pushed world class Kenyan pair Mercy Cherono and Janet Kiso all the way on a pulsating final lap before finishing a superb third . There was another fairytale story in the men 's javelin where Julius Yego of Kenya , famous for perfecting his technique by watching clips on YouTube , took gold with a throw of 83.87 meters . Away from the track and field action , England 's Tom Daley dominated the men 's 10m platform diving to retain his title in superb style . He put together six fine dives to win by over 82 points . The 20-year-old Daley was one of the poster boys of the London 2012 Olympics , where he took bronze , and his gold was one of the highlights for an England team who have easily topped the medals table at the Games ahead of arch-rivals Australia . The final day of action will see the men 's and women 's road races in cycling and an eagerly-anticipated New Zealand-Australia clash in the women 's netball final . The Games will officially close Sunday evening after 11 days of action .	Usain Bolt anchors Jamaica to gold in 4x100m relay First Commonwealth Games gold for track and field icon Shelly-Ann Fraser Pryce leads Jamaican women to gold in sprint relay Tom Daley completes hat-trick of titles in men 's 10m platform diving
CNN  -- "  What we have done is kicked this can down the road . We are now at the end of the road and are not in a position to kick it any further . ... We have to signal seriousness in this by making sure some of the hard decisions are made under my watch , not someone else 's . " So said President-elect Barack Obama at a Washington Post editorial board meeting in January 2009 , just days before taking his first oath of office . He was talking about the importance of dealing with the long-term deficit and debt . The rhetoric has n't met the record -- debt has exploded under Obama 's watch . Reasonable people can forgive the president for expenses incurred while confronting the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression -- and , let 's be honest , alternative paths of austerity have not worked that well across the Atlantic . But now is the time to get serious about reigning in our long-term debt , which now exceeds an unsustainable 70 % of gross domestic product . At this moment of maximum political capital , Obama is perfectly positioned to act on his original impulse in the State of the Union on Tuesday night . But there is a dangerous bit of hubris sweeping the Democratic Party , which says that dealing with deficits and debt is a sucker 's bet , best left to the next Republican president . Instead , the Keynesians are riding high and arguing that deficit and debt is not a primary concern to most voters and irrelevant to economic growth . And so the pregame expectation setting comes : White House minions told The Washington Post not to expect the president to present "  an ambitious new plan to rein in the debt " in the State of the Union . Opinion : Obama needs to lay out a plan on climate crisis This would be a major mistake and a costly lost opportunity . With an eye toward his legacy , Obama should follow his original instincts and put the power of presidency behind a balanced long-term plan to deal with deficits and debt -- including spending cuts , tax reform and , most importantly , entitlement reform . This is the time for Obama to pull a Nixon in China . Just as only a committed anti-communist such as Nixon could establish relations with communist China , Obama is perfectly positioned to do what he knows is necessary to preserve the long-term strength and solvency of the social safety net : Medicare and Social Security . This does not mean draconian cuts or a voucherization of the existing system as imagined by Rep. Paul Ryan and many House Republicans . But it does mean following through on the president 's previous negotiated offers to consider "  chained CPI , " which would lower inflation-related increases in Social Security benefits , and to raise the eligibility age for Medicare . Formula adjustments such as these can save billions of dollars over the next 10 years , keeping these popular programs solvent . Other solutions , such as raising the Social Security payroll tax cap to more than the current income cutoff of $ 110,000 , are worth consideration as part of a package . This is an idea that liberals love because it extends the progressivity of the tax code to the wealthiest Americans . Alternatively , we could means-test Social Security to make sure it serves primarily as a safety net -- or  gasp !  raise the retirement age . When the Bowles-Simpson commission suggested raising the retirement age to 69 in 2075 , it was met with howls of outrage from unions in particular . This makes no sense , especially if common-sense exemptions are made for manual labor . Beltway cynics say that the bipartisan deficit and debt reduction plans that are often cited have no chance of passing Congress . When you look at the pathetic support for Bowles-Simpson when it was actually put to a vote in the House last March -- 16 Republicans and 22 Democrats supported it -- you see why cynicism is always a safe bet in Washington . But take a step back , and you 'll see much broader support among the American people . The Pew Research Center found that the top three issues are "  strengthening the economy "  at 86 %  , "  improving the jobs situation "  79 %  and "  reducing the budget deficit "  at 72 %  . Crucially , the deficit has shown the biggest increase as an issue over the past four years -- up 19 percentage points from 2009 . This is evidence of a pent-up demand for action -- but it will require presidential leadership . Of course the devil is in the details , and politicos will point out that when confronted with tough medicine to deal with deficits and debt , even alleged tea party supporters balk  hence the classic "  Government Get Your Hands Off My Medicare ! " sign that I saw at one 2009 rally  . But strengthening America to remain competitive in the 21st century will require getting our long-term debt under control along with other important but less poll-prioritized policies such as comprehensive immigration reform and a public-private infrastructure bank to fund nation-building "  here at home . " The State of the Union is a chance for the president to put forward a balanced bipartisan solution that contrasts with radical conservatives who believe that increased tax revenues from closed tax loopholes ca n't be part of a big deal to bring down our debt . Wall Street lawyers will fight to protect every loophole they embedded in our tax code , but their argument does n't begin to make sense to people on Main Street . Obama will probably point out Tuesday night that economic growth is the essential X Factor to reducing long-term deficits and debt . On this point at least , he and some conservatives might agree . But dumb meat cleaver cuts such as the looming sequestration could push our economy back into recession . That 's why a smart balanced alternative plan is necessary . But it will require presidential leadership and putting some Democratic sacred cows on the table . This does n't just make practical sense in a divided government  a reality some Democrats seem to forget  -- it makes compelling political sense as well . By seizing the mantle of fiscal responsibility -- in contrast to fiscal conservatism -- Obama will build on his post-election bump among centrists and some independents . The more Machiavellian Democrats might argue that this outreach could only serve to isolate Republicans more . Nonpartisan strategists might argue that this approach would drive a wedge between reasonable Republicans and the House radicals . But the real reason for Obama to address the need to reduce long-term deficits and debt directly is because it 's the right thing to do for our country -- and he is uniquely positioned to achieve it . Just as Nixon could go to China , a Southern Democrat such as Lyndon Johnson was needed to pass civil rights legislation and Bill Clinton was able to sign welfare reform after decades of Republicans talking about it , Obama can put our country on a balanced path of long-term economic growth and fiscal responsibility . Bottom line : Obama has the political opportunity , but does he have the political will ? We 'll all find out in real time if he decides to lead on this issue or just be the latest in a long line to kick the can further down the road . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : President Barack Obama is well-positioned to help solve debt problem He says Obama should avoid temptation favored by some Democrats to put off action Relatively modest changes in entitlements could help ensure their survival , Avlon says Avlon : Obama can rally his party behind deficit cuts that wo n't hurt economy
CNN Student News  -- August 12 , 2014 This Tuesday on CNN Student News , we report on the Yazidis : who these people are , why they 're trapped , and how some are escaping a besieged mountain in Iraq . We 'll also update you on the crisis in Ukraine , and we 'll explain why a mayor in Missouri said his town "  lost control . " Also featured : a ruling that could mean a payday for some college athletes . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News
CNN  -- For the past five years now , we here at the international women 's movement Femen have been waging an active campaign of resistance to the patriarchy in various corners of the world . We have been bringing the world the simple idea of women 's liberation by means of sexual emancipation as expressed in highly visible acts of political protest . We believe that the enslavement of women began with the enslavement of their sexuality , so we therefore consider it legitimate to use their liberated sexuality as a symbol of women 's worldwide liberation . We divide the patriarchy confronting us into three basic parts . First , dictatorship , as a tool for enslaving women . For this reason we are a democratic movement . The second part of the system consists of religion and the church , which have overseen the spiritual enslavement of women . For this reason Femen is an atheistic group motivated by secularism and humanism . Read more : Sexualized Femen protest ` naive and foolish at best ' The third element of the patriarchy is the sex industry , which has been responsible for women 's sexual servitude and is in fact the most ancient form of female slavery . For this reason , then , Femen sees sexuality as the organon and canon of women 's freedom . Hence , our three basic postulates are democracy , atheism , and sexuality . From what we have related above , naturally the most hated institutions are those that stand for one of these three things or a mixture of them . The most obvious illustration of the patriarchy is Islamic theocracy , a symbiosis of political and religious dictatorship . In theocratic states , the position of women is horrifying and hopeless . We direct our fiercest criticism to such countries , and work in that part of the world is what most occupies our minds . A clear example of the "  Shariazation " under way in the Middle East and North Africa is what our activist Amina Tyler has gone through . For having published in Facebook topless pictures of herself with "  F *** Your Morals " written on her body , Amina suffered severe criticism and death threats , and was kidnapped , beaten , and subjected to humiliating treatment . Read more : Topless feminist protesters show what they 're made of This young woman claims her own family took her far outside the confines of the city in which she lived to spend several weeks in a village unknown to her . There , shut up inside a house , she underwent a forced "  Islamization : " they made her read the Quran and took her every day to see an imam . Amina 's family also declared her insane and compelled her to ingest large doses of medication . "  Because I was taking so many pills , I was sleeping all the time , " Amina told me . "  And once I woke up , I understood that I did n't remember anything . " Amina finally managed to escape . A few hours after Femen activists attacked the president of Tunisia shouting "  Where is Amina ? " I received a phone call : "  Inna , this is Amina speaking ! I 've escaped from my family ! " After a long conversation about what she had gone through during her period of forced isolation , I asked her whether she thought it best for her safety to leave Tunisia for a while . Amina answered that she would not leave Tunisia until she had carried out a topless protest with other Tunisian girls who had already established contact with her . Our understanding of Islamism , according to what we have learned fighting against it , tells us that our criticism of it is valid and holds out much hope for the future . At the heart of Islamism lies the enslavement of women based on control over their sexuality . The hijab is at the same time both a symbol and a tool of this enslavement . A mass sexual protest inspired by our example will serve as the first step toward women 's recovering their own nature and will be a turning point , sparking the dissolution of the Sharia and the return , to women , of control over the conditions of her existence , from the sexual to the political . I hereby both promise and threaten to deploy an entire network of Femen activists in Arab countries . We will hound Islamic leaders across the globe , subjecting them to desolating criticism . We intend to hound spiritual leaders who are personally responsible for mistreating women . A million Aminas will arise ! And freedom , at last , will dawn ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Inna Shevchenko .	Shevchenko : Femen have been waging a campaign of resistance to the patriarchy She says dictatorship is used as a tool for enslaving women Religion and the church have overseen the spiritual enslavement of women , she says
CNN  -- The president of Sudan , who is wanted by the International Criminal Court on allegations of war crimes and genocide , arrived Wednesday in Chad , Sudanese state-run Shorooq TV reported . Chad is legally obliged to arrest Omar al-Bashir and hand him over to the International Criminal Court , a court representative told CNN . The court has issued two warrants for al-Bashir 's arrest for his alleged role in a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur , in western Sudan . The original warrant was the first one the court had ever issued against a serving head of state . It included five counts of crimes against humanity , including murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture and rape . It also included two charges of war crimes for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging . The International Criminal Court issued its second arrest warrant al-Bashir just last week . The court added three new counts of genocide to the already existing charges of war crimes and crimes against humanity . The new charges are in addition to the earlier ones , not instead of them , the court said . Amnesty International Wednesday called on Chad to arrest the Sudanese leader . "  Chad should not shield President al-Bashir from international justice , " the rights group 's senior legal advisor Christopher Hall said . "  His visit to Chad is an opportunity to enforce the arrest warrant and send a message that justice will prevail . " United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said through a spokesman that it was up to countries that are party to the court "  to live up to their obligations as they see fit . " "  Of course he said repeatedly that ... there are charges that have been put forward by the prosecutor for the International Criminal Court and these charges are very serious , " Ban 's spokesman , Martin Nesirky , said Wednesday . Al-Bashir was re-elected president of Sudan this year in controversial but historic elections . The president has appeared to thumb his nose at the charges , appearing in public dancing and singing at a rally in Khartoum after the original arrest warrant last year . His information minister dismissed the ICC as a "  white man 's tribunal . " Adding genocide to the list of charges against al-Bashir could affect the length of his sentence if he is ever tried and convicted . The African Union this year urged the court to delay war crimes proceedings against Sudan 's president , saying a decision allowing genocide charges harms efforts to bring peace to Darfur . "  The African Union has always emphasized its commitment to justice and its total rejection of impunity , " it said in a statement in February . "  At the same time , the AU reiterates that the search for justice should be pursued in a manner not detrimental to the search for peace . The latest decision by the ICC  International Criminal Court  runs in the opposite direction . " Judges at the ICC had cleared the way a day earlier for al-Bashir to be charged with genocide . Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo had the genocide charge on his original arrest warrant for al-Bashir , but the pretrial judges left it off when they approved the warrant in March 2009 . Moreno-Ocampo appealed in July , saying that the judges ' standard of proof for adding the genocide charge was too high . The appellate court agreed with Moreno-Ocampo and ruled in his favor . Al-Bashir has traveled to several countries since the warrant was issued , even though any country that is party to the ICC has an obligation to hand him over to The Hague in the Netherlands , the court says . It is not clear whether he has been in a country that is a party to the court since the arrest warrant was issued . The genocide charge could further isolate Sudan , but it could also mobilize African nations around the country . Leaders from several African countries have said the ICC has been unfair to Africa , and they have threatened to pull out of the court . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur and 2.5 million have been forced from their homes . Sudan denies that the death toll is that high . The violence in Darfur erupted in 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Sudanese authorities armed and cooperated with Arab militias that went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents , according to the U.N. , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . CNN 's Amir Ahmed and David McKenzie contributed to this report .	NEW : UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says charges against Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir are very serious He faces charges of war crimes , crimes against humanity and genocide over Darfur He is visiting the African nation of Chad , which is a party to the court The UN estimates that 300,000 people died in the Darfur conflict , and 2.5 million fled their homes
Washington  CNN  -- The suspect in Wednesday 's shooting of a building manager at the headquarters of a conservative Christian group was charged Thursday with assault with intent to kill , ordered to undergo a mental health evaluation and held without bond . In his initial appearance in U.S. District Court , Floyd Lee Corkins II , 28 , also was charged with interstate transportation of a firearm and ammunition . The assault charge is a District of Columbia offense that carries a maximum 30-year sentence . The federal firearms charge carries a 10-year maximum sentence . At about 11 a.m. , Corkins entered the Washington office of the Family Research Council , where he encountered the building manager , Leo Johnson , at the front door , according to a criminal complaint that cited a witness . Corkins "  stated words to the effect of , ' I do n't like your politics , ' " the witness told FBI agents , according to the complaint . Surveillance video shows that Corkins took a firearm from his backpack and shot Johnson in the arm , at which point the wounded Johnson "  wrestled the firearm away from Corkins , and subdued him , " according to the complaint . Corkins , who was wearing a white plastic jumpsuit during Thursday 's court appearance , was ordered to remain in custody pending a prelimary and detention hearing on August 24 . His right eye was red and appeared swollen . Magistrate Judge Alan Kay appointed a public defender after Corkins told him he had only $ 300 and could not afford to hire his own lawyer . A law enforcement official told CNN that initial evidence indicated Corkins was acting alone . Officials recovered a loaded Sig Sauer 9mm pistol and two additional loaded 9mm magazines , according to the complaint . Inside the backpack , police found 50 rounds of 9mm ammunition and 15 Chick-fil-A sandwiches , the complaint says . Family Research Council President Tony Perkins said the Chick-fil-A company gave the Family Research Council $ 1,000 "  a number of years ago " but does not underwrite his group . And the Family Research Council , which which focuses on family and anti-abortion issues and religious liberties , supported Chick-fil-A President Dan Cathy after he said in an interview published last month that his company is "  a family-owned business , a family-led business , and we are married to our first wives . We give God thanks for that . " The statement sparked an uproar , with activists saying that Cathy voiced opposition to gay marriages . "  The Chick-fil-A culture and service tradition in our restaurants is to treat every person with honor , dignity and respect -- regardless of their belief , race , creed , sexual orientation or gender , " the company says in a posting on its website . Corkins "  has strong opinions with respect to those he believes do not treat homosexuals in a fair manner , " authorities said in the complaint , citing information from the suspect 's parents , with whom he lives in Herndon , Virginia , outside Washington . In an interview with CNN affiliate WJLA , Johnson said Corkins told him he was there to interview for an internship , then shot him without warning . Johnson said it was after he had wrestled Corkins to the ground that the suspect told him the shooting was about the group 's policies , according to WJLA . Authorities found what appeared to be an open gun box on the seat of his car , which had been parked at the East Falls Church Metro station , according to the complaint . Corkins legally purchased the handgun from a gun shop in Virginia within the last week , according to a law enforcement official . Corkins had volunteered at the DC Center for the LGBT Community , a source working with the center told CNN . The group provides services and support to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , He received a master 's degree from George Mason University 's College of Education and Human Development in 2006 , the university said . Family Research Council President Perkins told reporters Thursday that Johnson has a secondary role as a security guard , but that he was unarmed and did not wear a uniform . Perkins said that he was with the wounded building operations manager when the man came out of surgery about midnight . "  I said , ` Leo , I want you to know that you 're a hero . ' " "  He said , ` Wow , this hero business is hard work . ' So , he did not lose his sense of humor . " Perkins predicted Johnson would return to work soon . Warning signs of violence : What to do While D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier and others have hailed Johnson as a hero , WJLA reported the 46-year-old told the station in a telephone interview that he was simply doing his job and is not comfortable being described as a hero . He told the station that Corkins spoke with him after he was apprehended . "  He said it was n't about me , " Johnson said . "  It was about the organization . " Johnson 's mother , Virginia Johnson , told the station her son is always trying to help people . "  I think it 's wonderful , wonderful , " she said of his actions . By the numbers : Guns in America After shootings , opinions on gun control have n't changed White House spokesman Jay Carney declined to say whether the White House considers the attack a hate crime , but said President Barack Obama "  firmly believes that violence of that kind has no place in our society . " Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney used nearly identical language in decrying the attack on Wednesday . "  There is no place for such violence in our society , " he said in a statement . "  My prayers go out to the wounded security guard and his family , as well as all the people at the Family Research Council whose sense of security has been shattered by today 's horrific events . " Opinion : Politicians hammered by the NRA 5 things gun owners want you to know CNN 's Greg Seaby , Javi Morgado , Paul Courson , Sandra Endo , Mike M. Ahlers and Dan Gilgoff contributed to this report .	Corkins ordered to undergo mental health exam "  I do n't like your politics , " suspect Floyd Lee Corkins reportedly says Corkins "  has strong opinions " about gay rights , his parents tell officials He volunteered at a group that supports gays and lesbians
CNN  -- A number of Transportation Security Administrator employees who faced dismissal for not following screening procedures ended up with suspensions instead , the agency said . In October , TSA announced that 44 employees were facing punishments ranging from termination to suspension after they were caught on surveillance cameras not following procedures . Twenty-five of those employees were in the process of being fired . This week , the agency completed the reviews of those cases , except for one , and only four workers have been fired . "  The decision to take disciplinary actions as a result of a thorough investigation reaffirms our strong commitment to hold all of our employees to the highest standards of conduct and accountability -- regardless of their rank in the agency , " TSA said in a statement . "  It also goes to TSA 's commitment to its due process procedures and demonstrates the agency 's dedication to treating employees in a fair and just manner . " TSA : Eight Newark officers fired for violating procedures Several of the employees had learned of their fates in the months since October , but the majority of decisions were made this week . In all , four employees were fired , one resigned , 32 were suspended to varying degrees , six were cleared of wrongdoing , and one case remains outstanding , the agency told CNN . That means that 17 employees who were originally going to be fired were instead suspended "  because it was determined that they did not intentionally violate procedures associated with checked baggage screening , " TSA said . The 44 employees all worked in a checked-baggage screening room in Terminal B of Newark 's Liberty International Airport . In November and December of 2011 , they were caught on surveillance cameras not following proper screening protocols , an agency internal investigation revealed . TSA seeks to fire or suspend largest group of agents ever After passengers check their bags , TSA screeners are supposed to search the luggage with electronic scanners and open some bags by hand . In this case , the employees allegedly did n't follow procedures on about 250 bags during the two months , the agency said . All bags did receive some screening , however . In June 2012 , the same investigation prompted the agency to fire eight checked-baggage screeners at Newark for violating TSA procedures , including some of them for sleeping on the job . That same month , 43 TSA workers in Fort Myers , Florida , were disciplined for not performing additional screening on random passengers and carry-on bags . TSA workers disciplined for not rescreening bags At Boston 's Logan Airport , 20 checked-baggage screeners were punished in August 2011 for reading newspapers or talking on the phone when they were supposed to be screening bags , or for not reporting the misconduct , a spokesperson told CNN at the time . Also in 2011 , 36 checked-bag screeners in Hawaii were fired after they were caught on a security camera in 2010 ignoring procedures , including putting bag inspection notices in bags without actually inspecting them , an inspector general 's report said . CNN 's Jordana Ossad and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	44 TSA employees were slated for discipline last year As of this week , only four were fired Agency says it found many had not intentionally violated rules
CNN  Ask a New Zealander what happened on June 10 , 1886 , and they 'll tell you the planet lost its "  eighth wonder . " The Pink and White Terraces of Lake Rotomahana were the world 's largest silica towers and the South Pacific 's biggest 19th-century attraction until a massive eruption at Mount Tarawera that momentous day blasted these natural wonders into oblivion . Out of that same eruption , however , a new wonder of the world was born . Waimangu Geyser roared into existence hurling black mud and sand some 1,500 feet  460 meters  into the sky , making it the most powerful geyser the world has ever seen . This new attraction ignited a whirlwind of global interest in New Zealand 's volcanic North Island until it , too , vanished off the face of the earth in 1904 after a landslide changed the water table . The Pink and White Terraces and Waimangu Geyser may be lost forever , but their impression on tourists of the time is well documented . They are but two of many attractions of yesteryear that can now only be appreciated in the pages of a history book . Here 's a look at 10 others . The current Penn Station may be a charmless catacomb of labyrinthine low-ceiling hallways , but New York 's first Penn Station was a lavish masterpiece of the Beaux Arts style . The original facility 's domed ceilings , soaring archways and handsome columns welcomed more than 100 million passengers each year during the station 's golden era in the mid-1940s . But by the end of the 1950s , the dawn of the Jet Age and the birth of the Interstate Highway System took a heavy toll on visitor numbers . Plans for the new Penn Plaza and Madison Square Garden were announced in 1962 , and a year later , the original Penn Station was knocked to the ground to make room for a smaller facility underground . The demolition of Penn Station in 1963 was not without controversy . The New York Times questioned at the time how the city would "  permit this monumental act of vandalism against one of the largest and finest landmarks of its age of Roman elegance . " The whole affair is regularly cited as the catalyst for the modern historical preservation movement in the United States . Within a decade of Penn Station 's demolition , Grand Central Terminal was protected under New York City 's new Landmarks Preservation Act . Guaira Falls was easily the most powerful cataract in the world in terms of total volume with 1,750,000 cubic feet of water passing through each second . That 's more than double the flow of Niagara Falls and more than 12 times that of Victoria Falls . But good luck finding any trace of Guaira underneath the Itaipu Dam . More than three decades have now passed since one of the world 's greatest waterfalls was drowned to pave the way for a massive hydroelectric project . This natural wonder , lost to the world in 1982 , once lured hordes of local and international tourists to the Upper Parana River at the Brazil-Paraguay border . It contained 18 falls in total with a drop of about 375 feet , and its deafening roar could be heard from up to 20 miles away . At least three Globe theaters have graced the shores of the River Thames over the past five centuries . First there was the original Globe , built in 1599 by William Shakespeare 's playing company , the Lord Chamberlain 's Men . A fire destroyed it during a performance of Henry VIII on June 29 , 1613 , but a second Globe Theatre opened on the same site exactly one year later . It , too , closed in 1642 amid an outcry by Puritans who were opposed to theatrical performances . The legacy of the first Globe Theatre and the iconic plays it debuted to the world lives on at the modern reconstruction , known as Shakespeare 's Globe , which opened its doors in 1997 approximately 750 feet from the original theater . When Sutro Baths first opened to the public in 1894 , the three-acre complex housed a staggering seven pools  at varying temperatures  under a massive glass enclosure with springboards , high dives , slides and trapezes . The facility could hold as many as 10,000 people at one time and also had several non-aquatic attractions such as a natural history museum with Egyptian mummies and a sculpture gallery with artifacts from Mexico and China . The oceanfront property ensconced in the rocky San Francisco coast was considered a playground unlike any other the world had ever seen . Its Achilles ' heel , however , was an outsized price tag to match its ostentatious offerings . With exceedingly high operational costs , the Baths were never a commercially successful business -- even after owners turned the pools into ice skating rinks during the Great Depression . The facility shut down for good in 1964 and was destroyed in a fire two years later . Its remains are now protected as part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area . In an 1839 fairy tale called "  The Garden of Paradise , " Hans Christian Andersen describes a teenager named East Wind who flies home from the East and tells his mother , "  I came back from China , where I danced for a while around a tower of porcelain and rang all the bells . " The Danish author 's fable may be a fantasy , but the tower of porcelain bricks was no figment of his vivid imagination . Considered one of the Seven Wonders of the Middle Ages , the Porcelain Tower of Nanjing was built by the third emperor of the Ming Dynasty in the early 15th century and rose from a 97-foot octagonal base to a height of 260 feet . This glossy nine-story pagoda soared above the south bank of the Yangtze River in Nanjing for more than four centuries before it was destroyed under the Taiping Rebellion of the 1850s . Its rubble remained relatively untouched until 2010 when a businessman donated $ 156 million  the largest single donation in Chinese history  to rebuild the medieval icon . The New York Hippodrome was billed as the largest theater in the world when it opened to the public in midtown Manhattan in 1905 , featuring a 100-foot-by-200-foot stage and the capacity to seat up to 5,300 spectators . This mammoth attraction lured the biggest acts of the day such as Harry Houdini and the "  Jumbo " musical , but , like San Francisco 's Sutro Baths , it racked up a hefty upkeep bill . Just 17 years after the Hippodrome opened , its owners refashioned the Moorish-style building into a vaudeville theater . Five years later it became a movie theater , then an opera house and finally a sports arena . The doldrums of the Great Depression dealt one final blow to the facility and it was torn down in 1939 to make way for an office building and parking garage . The Chacaltaya Glacier lies 17,400 feet up in the Andes and was once one of Bolivia 's top tourist attractions , luring skiers the world over with the promise of tackling earth 's highest ski run . Thanks to global warming , however , the 18,000-year-old wonder has been reduced to a few lumps of unskiable ice that no visitor would go out of their way to see . In its prime it had the first rope tow in South America  built in 1939  and the highest ski lodge in the world , at an elevation greater than Everest Base Camp . Chacaltaya was the closest ski area to the equator before it indefinitely closed in 2012 . Known as the "  bridge of ice " in the local Aymara language , Chacaltaya is but one of many glaciers currently retreating toward almost certain oblivion . Walt Disney World 's very first water park , River Country , is looking anything but jolly these days after lying abandoned on the shores of Bay Lake , Florida , for more than a decade . The "  old-fashioned swimming hole , " replete with swings , slides and whitewater rafting , closed for annual maintenance in 2001 never to open again . Park officials cited declining business after 9/11 and the success of Walt Disney World 's two newer water parks , Typhoon Lagoon and Blizzard Beach , as reasons for their decision . Bay Lake is also home to the only other Disney park to close permanently : Discovery Island . This abandoned  but not demolished  zoological park was yet another 1970s-era attraction that lost favor with visitors and eventually closed to the public in 1999 . All animals were relocated to new homes at Disney 's Animal Kingdom , a much larger zoo that opened in 1998 . A warning to any urban explorers out there : Disney employees still monitor both River Country and Discovery Island for trespassers . Like the operas that brought its audiences to tears , the story of the Royal Opera House of Valletta is fittingly tragic . Designed by Edward Middleton Barry in the 1860s , architect of the Royal Opera House in London 's Covent Garden , it was the crowning jewel of Malta 's capital city for just six years before a fire gutted the interior . It was resurrected from the flames four years later , but tragedy struck again during World War II when the Royal Opera House received a direct hit from an aerial bomb . A few columns remain in place on the corner of Strada Reale , forming a backdrop for the open-air Royal Piazza Theatre , launched within the ruins of the Royal Opera House in 2013 . Jonah 's Tomb in Mosul , Iraq , is the newest addition to this list and one of a series of attractions lost to war . Militants with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , planted explosives in July 2014 around Mosul 's oldest mosque , which is traditionally held to be the burial place of Jonah the Prophet . Jonah is a key figure in both Christianity and Islam who , according to Islamic and Judeo-Christian traditions , was swallowed by a whale . His tomb was a popular place of pilgrimage and joins a growing list of holy sites deemed idolatrous under the puritanical strain of Islam practiced by ISIS . Mark Johanson is an American travel and culture writer based in Santiago , Chile .	Unlike the current commuter hub , New York 's original Penn Station was a lavish Beaux Arts masterpiece Guaira Falls was once the most powerful cataract in the world The Porcelain Tower of Nanjing was considered one of the Seven Wonders of the Middle Ages
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Between 2010 and 2012 , more than a quarter of a million people died in the famine in Somalia -- in part because the world was too slow to react , the U.N. humanitarian coordinator for Somalia said Thursday . Half of the 258,000 Somalis who died in the famine were children younger than 5 , Philippe Lazzarini said in a statement . The report , jointly commissioned by the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization and the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network , is the first scientific study on deaths in the crisis . It "  confirms that we should have done more before famine was declared on 20 July 2011 , " Lazzarini said . The world did not do enough after warnings in 2010 that starvation loomed following severe drought . And the people who needed help the most were extremely inaccessible , he said . Opinion : Somalia famine a ` crime against humanity ' ? "  The suffering played out like a drama without witnesses . " A massive mobilization of the humanitarian community followed the official U.N. declaration of famine , said Lazzarini , which "  helped mitigate the worst effects of the crisis . " The study , which covered the period from October 2010 to April 2012 , suggests that an estimated 4.6 % of the total population and 10 % of children younger than 5 died in southern and central Somalia . In the worst-affected area , Lower Shabelle , close to one in five children younger than 5 died . At the peak of the crisis , between May and August 2011 , famine and severe food insecurity claimed some 30,000 lives a month , the report said . The United Nations has been working with its humanitarian partners to change the way they operate , Lazzarini said . Some 2.7 million people in Somalia are still in need of life-saving assistance . Opinion : Why Americans should care about famine in Africa "  Our aim is to ensure that Somalia never goes through another famine again , " he said . ` Catastrophic shocks ' Several factors led to the crisis , according to the report . First , the year from July 2010 to June 2011 was the driest in the eastern Horn of Africa in 60 years . This resulted in the death of livestock , small harvests and a big drop in demand for labor , cutting into household incomes . Southern Somalia also received less humanitarian assistance in 2010 and much of 2011 than it had in previous years , particularly 2008 to 2009 , the report said . In many areas , conflict and security concerns -- prompted by the activities of al Qaeda-linked Islamist group al-Shabaab -- hindered humanitarian aid and access . And with reduced supplies available , the price of food staples soared , putting more pressure on poor households . "  For millions of Somalis , already weakened by chronic food insecurity and persistently high levels of acute malnutrition , the shocks were catastrophic , " said the report . The result was what the researchers say was one of the worst famines in the past 25 years . Their estimate of the number of people who died from the famine -- on top of those who died as a result of conflict or other causes -- was calculated using a range of information , including mortality surveys and data on food prices and wages . "  We now have a picture of the true enormity of this human tragedy , " said Mark Smulders , a senior economist for the FAO . "  Lessons drawn from this experience will help the international community , together with the people of the region , build a stronger and more resilient future . " ` Political failures ' International humanitarian organization Oxfam said Thursday that the mistakes made in Somalia in 2011 must never be repeated . "  Famines are not natural phenomena , they are catastrophic political failures , " it said in a statement . "  The world was too slow to respond to stark warnings of drought , exacerbated by conflict in Somalia , and people paid with their lives . These deaths could and should have been prevented , and such a shocking death toll must never be allowed to happen again . " World leaders meeting in London next week to discuss the situation in Somalia "  must take steps to ensure that this was Somalia 's last famine , " Oxfam said . This means investing in long-term development , creating jobs , supporting farmers and pastoralists , and ensuring properly trained security forces to help achieve the "  just and sustainable peace " the country so badly needs , it said . Somalia has lacked an effective central government since 1991 , with portions of the Horn of Africa nation left lawless . Its shaky transitional government , backed by African Union peacekeepers , has been battling Islamist guerrillas for years . CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Mogadishu and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Alexander Felton and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	NEW : "  These deaths could and should have been prevented , " says Oxfam Nearly 260,000 people died between October 2010 and April 2012 , a new study says Half of the famine victims were children aged under 5 , the report says "  The suffering played out like a drama without witnesses , " says Philippe Lazzarini
CNN  -- A Southern California teenager has serious bragging rights : After docking back in his home state late Thursday morning , Zac Sunderland , 17 , can claim to be the youngest person to sail around the world alone . The hardest part of a solo voyage is always being tired , Zac Sunderland says . Sunderland was greeted with thunderous applause and congratulations as he arrived at Marina del Rey in his 36-foot sailboat . "  It 's kind of crazy to have it done now because , I mean , for the past year I 've been just fighting for the next ocean , fighting to get back . And now I 'm back so it 's amazing , " he said . The teen acknowledged the 27,500-mile voyage was n't easy . He told CNN that pirates off the coast of Indonesia gave him quite a scare . " -LSB- I -RSB- had a boat circle in and ended up calling in the coast watch and they chased them off but , yeah , -LSB- I -RSB- lucked out there ! About an hour and a half of hell . " Severe storms also were a problem , he said . Sunderland 's Web site says he bought the boat with his own money . His parents had hoped he would find something that would spark a fire in him , a passion that would direct him away from all the negative and harmful influences that are so prevalent in society , but even they were stunned by the scope of his dreams and desires , it says . Watch Sunderland give advice to fellow teens " He was 16 when he left Marina del Rey on June 14 , 2008 , aboard his boat , Intrepid . Solitude and exhaustion were just a couple of factors that faced him each day . "  The hardest constantly was the tiredness , " he said . "  I mean , you get over the loneliness , but tiredness , it 's an ongoing thing . Half the time I have n't slept in 48 hours and it 's just hard to get enough rest . " Sunderland said he made some good contacts along the way . "  It 's interesting just thinking back to the different places in the world because I have so many friends in different parts of the world that are like family , you know , and all these different experiences , " he said . "  It 's an amazing year . It seems like yesterday that I was here but in other ways it seems like a hundred years . " So what 's next ? "  Yeah , I do n't know , just go chill with my friends , " he said . "  Go skate . Go do something normal for a change , you know . " CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	Zac Sunderland , 17 , is youngest person to sail around the world alone California teen met pirates off the coast of Indonesia Now , teen wants to "  just go chill with my friends "
CNN  -- Leonardo Damiao grabbed his first international goal as Brazil beat 10-man Ghana 1-0 in a friendly held in London . Despite its billing , the game was anything but friendly as referee Mike Dean sent off Daniel Opare and produced eight cards in the match . The game was settled just before half time as Damiao latched onto Fernandinho 's through ball to fire a shot into the corner of the net from a narrow angle . Victory for the Selecao ensured some breathing space for coach Mario Menezes who has been heavily criticized for Brazil 's poor showing in the recent Copa America . In front of a lively crowd at English Premier League side Fulham 's Craven Cottage ground in west London , it was Ghana who started the brighter of the two teams . But after Jonathan Mensah headed over from a corner , Brazil began to take control of the game and tempers began to flare . The first booking , for substitute Elias , came on 11 minutes and soon after Opare also saw a yellow card for a crunching tackle on Brazil striker Neymar . Opare was dismissed for a second booking just after the half hour mark after he was adjudged to have tripped Lucio and Brazil assumed total control of the game . Damiao thought he had scored after he finished off Neymar 's pass but he was flagged for offside . But in the last minute of the first half he got his first goal for his country as he finished smartly from Fernandinho 's expertly weighted pass . The striker , who plays for Internacional , would have had a second had he been able to tuck home Hulk 's cross into a gaping net but the ball flew past his outstretched leg . Ronaldinho , formerly of Barcelona and AC Milan , drew a good save from Ghana keeper Adam Kwarasey , as did Alexandre Pato but the game ended being settled by Damiao 's goal .	Brazil beat Ghana 1-0 in an international friendly in London Leonardo Damiao scores the only goal of the game in the first half Ghana 's Daniel Opare sent off after only 33 minutes
CNN  -- Imagine if it were possible to build your own home , in this day and age , for less than $ 35,000 . Or to cut up some timber and piece your new home together like a giant jigsaw puzzle . What if you could create , with your own hands , a home that collects its own rainwater and generates its own power , so you never have to pay a bill again ? As far-fetched as it sounds , if you ca n't afford to buy a house , then designing and building your own may be more viable than you assumed . Today , upcoming architects and designers are coming up with solutions to the problem of rocketing property prices , by building houses of their own and sharing their plans on the internet . In the UK , a young architectural practice has devised the world 's first ` open-source ' building . Made of simple materials and freely available plans , the ` WikiHouse ' was conceived by English designer Alastair Parvin as a low-cost solution to the global housing shortage . The aim of the project is to allow anyone in the world to design , share , download , adapt and ` print ' a house that is inexpensive and tailored to their own needs . Construction of the house requires no special parts and the entire building can be made from pieces of timber that snap together . According to its inventors , the frame of the WikiHouse can be assembled in under a day , by people with absolutely no construction training . Using a CNC machine , amateur builders can download cutting files from the company 's website and then "  print " the component parts of the WikiHouse from a sheet of plywood . Parvin says that the motivation for designing cheap , easy-to-build housing was to help make architecture more accessible . "  The open secret is that in reality almost everything we today call architecture is actually design for the 1 % , " Parvin says . "  The challenge facing the next generation of architects is how , for the first time , we will make our client not the 1 % but the 100 % -- to radically democratize the production of architecture . " For Parvin , spreading affordable housing requires the empowerment of amateurs . "  We are moving into a future where the factory can be everywhere -- and increasingly the design team can be everyone . We need to build tools and institutions for the social economy -- the ` long tail ' of people who are making for themselves , " Parvin says . This same spirit is present in Dominic Stevens ' grassroots project ` Irish Vernacular ' , in which he built a home for $ 33,200 . Stevens documented his efforts to create his house online to inspire others who might wish to follow his lead . The blog features comprehensive photography and information on the building process , plus professional plans and cartoon instructions that are simple enough for almost anyone to follow . Stevens ' self-built home is a stunningly impressive three bedroom house that looks like it 's been ripped from the pages of Wallpaper magazine . The building 's bright living spaces and high quality finish belie its low price . According to Stevens , the house was primarily made from timber , and its roof is clad with a lightweight corrugated material called onduline . The house was largely constructed by a small group of Stevens ' friends over the course of a long weekend  plus a little extra time to get the project finalized  . After sharing his plans online , Stevens says that he received significant interest from people hoping to build their own home . "  By sharing my plans , I hope that it might be inspirational to people who have the skills , or will , or wish to put their own house together . " Stevens has also found that making his plans publicly available has actually stimulated his business . "  I think if you open up and submit to sharing things , you get it all back , " he says . Craig Strachan , Development Director at the National Self Build Association warns that not everyone will necessarily be able to build their own home : "  Dominic Stevens ' project is inspiring -- a fantastic home created for a fraction of the usual cost , however the time and energy required to do this make it difficult for the ` average person ' to undertake . " Seeking a cheaper lifestyle and a more ecological existence , Simon Dale built his own ` Hobbit House ' in Wales back in 2009 for just $ 4,600  Â # 3,000  . Dale says the whole building was constructed with a hammer , a one-inch chisel and a chainsaw , and was made largely of scavenged materials . Dale says "  Anything you could possibly want is in a rubbish pile somewhere -- windows , burner , plumbing , wiring . " Dale , who has no training as a builder , built his eco-home with the help of a few friends and family members . The eco-home uses water from a nearby stream , and is heated by a wood burning stove with wood gathered from the surrounding forests . The property has a compost toilet , and is powered by solar panels on the roof . Famous architects have also been turning their minds to the global housing crisis . Renzo Piano , the designer of the Shard -- London 's tallest building -- recently unveiled a working model for the ` Diogene ' -- the smallest scale project he has ever mounted , which attempts to create a functional micro home that is fully featured but at an economical scale . Renzo Piano 's Diogene house is designed to function self-sufficiently . Water is collected by the house , then cleaned and reused . The house also generates its own power through solar panels mounted on the roof . Architecture critic Hubertus Adam says that Piano 's design addresses many of the housing crisis 's central problems : "  We live in an age in which the demand for sustainability forces us to minimize our ecological footprint . This is paired with the desire to concentrate and reduce the direct living environment to the truly essential things . " Strachan says that individuals building their own houses may be critical to the future of home ownership : "  self build and custom build offer people a real alternative to buying a new home , and allows them to define the environment in which they live . Most projects use local labor and materials which helps stimulate the economy around them . "	Makers around the world develop low-cost solutions to global housing shortage ` WikiHouse ' allows users to design , share , download , adapt and ` print ' their own house Irish architect Dominic Stevens built his own home for under â ‚ ¬ 25,000 Renzo Piano , designer of Europe 's tallest building , has unveiled his smallest project : a tiny one-person house
CNN  -- A preliminary 6.8-magnitude earthquake struck Monday morning off the coast of Papua New Guinea , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . The quake struck around 9:39 a.m. and was centered 131 kilometers  81 miles  east of Wewak , which is on the northern coast of the Pacific nation , the U.S. Geological Survey reported . Its depth was reported at 16 kilometers  9 miles  . The Japan Meteorological Agency -- which had an identical measure for the quake 's strength -- noted on its website that "  there is a very small possibility of a destructive local tsunami " as a result . It said any tsunami likely would not be over half a meter  20 inches  high . "  However at some coasts , particularly near the epicenter , high tsunamis may arrive  larger  than our estimation , " the agency said on its website . But within about two hours after the quake struck , the Japanese agency reported there were no such warnings or advisories still in effect . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center did not issue any threats or warning , noting on its website that there was no danger of a tsunami striking Hawaii . Similarly , the Australia tsunami warning center said there was no threat to that nation .	NEW : The Japan Meteorological Agency lifts any tsunami-related warnings or advisories Earlier , the agency had said "  there is a very small possibility " of a tsunami The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center and Australia 's similar agency reports no such threats The earthquake hits 81 miles east of Wewak , New Guinea , says the U.S. Geological Survey
CNN  -- Alexandre Vinokourov claimed Kazakhstan 's first medal at the London Olympics with gold in Saturday 's men 's cycling road race . Much fancied home favorite Mark Cavendish finished a disappointing 29th as the British team struggled to meet pre-race expectations . Colombia 's Rigoberto Uran took the silver , while bronze went to Alexander Kristoff from Norway . The 38-year-old Vinokourov , who served a two-year ban for blood doping between 2007 and 2009 , announced after the race that he may retire from the sport after Wednesday 's cycling time trial . "  I will still race in the time trial on Wednesday but I have the gold medal I wanted and after that I will consider retiring , " said the Kazakh cyclist . World champion Cavendish had been strongly tipped to finally claim the Olympic medal that had eluded him at the 2008 Games in Beijing , where he was the only member of Britain 's track cycling team to return from the games without a medal . Despite the British team having control of the peloton throughout the race , they struggled to close the gap on the lead group and Cavendish was nowhere in sight as Vinokourov out sprinted Uran to the finish line in front of Buckingham Palace . "  There was a group of 22 who got away and we could n't pull them back , " said Cavendish . "  I can be proud of how the lads rode . They have got nothing left in the tank . Cavendish 's hopes appeared to have been boosted when rival Swiss sprinter Fabian Cancellara crashed , but the peloton could not close on the leading group . With just under 10km to the finish line -- and a handy time advantage of 50 seconds -- the leading pack looked to be preparing for a sprint finish , but Uran made a break for it , and surprisingly Vinokourov was the only rider to respond . As the two riders rounded the final corner , the Kazakh made the most of his rival slowing to look back to check for pursuers and launched a sprint to the line . It was quickly clear that the Colombian had no answer to the Kazakh 's attack and Vinokourov had a big enough lead to ride across the line with his arms aloft .	Kazakhstan 's Alexandre Vinokourov wins gold Colombian Rigoberto Uran claimed silver , Norway 's Alexander Kirstoff bronze World champion Mark Cavendish finishes a disappointing 29th
West , Texas  CNN  -- Since they were little boys growing up West , Texas , brothers Doug and Robert Snokhous did everything together . They fixed cars , went hunting , golfed and barbecued together . It just made sense that they would both become volunteer firefighters , and that they were side by side last Wednesday when they rushed to a fire at the West Fertilizer Co. . The brothers were among 14 people who died after the fire led to a massive explosion at the distributor . The blast decimated not only the company 's building but ravaged practically the entire north side of the small farming community . The nine first-responders from West who died battling the blaze represented nearly one-third of the town 's volunteer firefighting and EMT force . The fire destroyed three fire trucks and an ambulance . Firefighters and trucks from neighboring communities now fill the void at the West firehouse . Among the others who rushed to the fire and lost their lives : Kenneth "  Luckey " Harris Jr. , a 52-year-old Dallas firefighter who lives in West , and two friends of first responders whose identities have not been confirmed by authorities . Two other people were killed in their apartment nearby . By Monday afternoon , a Facebook page "  Prayers for West " had been "  liked " nearly 80,000 times . Besides offering thoughtful messages , the page served as a kind of bulletin board for people in West trying to coordinate donations and help each other . Reporters have been given access to the devastated area . It resembles the wake of a tornado -- trees are uprooted , an apartment building 's walls are blown off , and enormous chunks of concrete litter the surrounding fields . The disaster has rocked the community and , even in the shadow of the Boston Marathon bombings , which have received the lion 's share of media coverage this past week , it has reverberated throughout the country . President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama will go to Baylor University in Waco , Texas , on Thursday to attend a memorial service for the victims of the blast , White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters Monday . Texas town tries to rebuild with community , spirituality Townspeople devastated and displaced At the time of the blast , West Fertilizer Co. was closed for business , so there were no workers inside , officials said . The explosion injured hundreds of people who lived near the distributor , authorities said , and others were without a place to live because the blast damaged their homes . West 's high school and middle school were damaged . Investigators searched for clues Monday morning in the 22-foot-deep crater left when a stockpile of ammonium nitrate exploded . At a Monday afternoon press conference Assistant State Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner told reporters that officials are confident the neighborhood near the site of the explosion is safe . Several authorities spoke at the news conference but offered few details about the investigation , noting that they are being methodical and that the probe will take time . At a news conference Sunday evening , officials said determining how many volatile chemicals were in the facility will be difficult because the company 's records were destroyed in the blast . They are attempting to find the records elsewhere . The start of school Monday gave some members of this small community a feeling that many had not enjoyed for days -- a calm familiarity The elementary school in West is the only local school that was n't damaged in the blast . Some parents escorted their children inside the school Monday . Counselors were at the ready . Many of the parents ' cars had lettering marked by police , an indication that the families live within the area affected by the blast . Dr. Marty Crawford , the superintendent of West Independent School District , and his staff worked through the weekend to get the elementary school ready for class Monday . On Sunday evening , the high-energy administrator barked orders to staff carrying boxes of supplies up and down the school 's hallways . The town 's high school and middle school were too damaged to hold classes . So on Monday , about 500 high school and middle school students opened their books in Waco , about 15 miles south of their hometown . In the days after the blast , officials in nearby school districts put their heads together to come up with a plan to help stranded students in West . One school district donated 13 buses to drive the kids to Connally Independent School District in Waco , which provided extra classroom space . As the students arrived , teachers shook hands and hugged West students . To help the West students feel more at home , volunteers worked through the weekend to paint some of the classrooms with West 's colors -- yellow and scarlet -- and some Connally students wore red to school , said Wesley Holt , a Connally spokesman . Back in West , a small town kept trying to cope . Evacuated townspeople began returning home over the weekend . Authorities allowed a second wave to revisit their homes Sunday . The process was going well , said Steve Vanek , West 's mayor pro tem . Texas state police were keeping a close watch on cordoned-off areas near the blast site , he said , and a strict curfew is being enforced . Those returning home to the areas still cordoned found a heavy police presence and numerous checkpoints . Their homes are just as they left them when they were abruptly evacuated out of fears a toxic cloud of gas would engulf the community . Many of the homes have broken windows , and all have a spray-painted "  X " on the front door . The "  X " shows that officials had searched the homes for victims . Brothers and friends lost On Sunday evening , representatives recited prepared remarks from some grieving families . One speaker said that Doug and Robert Snokhous "  were much more than brothers . They were lifelong friends . " The siblings lived a half-mile from each other in West , and both worked at Central Texas Iron Works in Waco . Doug had been there for 30 years ; Robert had just reached his 20th year at the company . "  They were always together and we are comforted that they were together in the end , " the family said . The family of volunteer firefighter Jerry Chapman said that "  other firemen and women survived because of the action he took . " Chapman wanted to "  live on the edge , " according to a statement read for reporters , and "  his faith in God and fellow firefighters gave him the strength to lay down his life for others . " Chapman "  died a hero , " his family believes . An obituary for the Dallas firefighter who lived in West , "  Luckey " Harris , said he loved offshore fishing with his sons and spending time on his boat , the "  Boots Up . " He had been married , the obit says , for 28 years . CNN is working to confirm the names of others who died . Also a picture of the injured was beginning to emerge , as some hospital officials released details Monday . Two patients were still in critical condition at Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas , officials said . Thirty-nine patients had been treated and released from Hill Regional Hospital in Hillsboro . Of the 28 patients admitted to Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center in Waco , seven remained there Monday . Five of those patients were in the intensive care unit , officials said . There were also two young "  trauma " patients at a children 's hospital in Temple . CNN was still trying to gather information from other hospitals in the area that tended to the wounded from last week 's explosion . Consolation in church Meanwhile on Sunday , as parishioners streamed out of St. Mary 's Catholic Church after Sunday 's service , Father Boniface Onjefu hugged and consoled his congregants , and gave reassuring smiles and high fives to the church 's youngest members . "  West is a strong city . We shall definitely overcome this tragedy , " Onjefu told those assembled at his church , about a mile from the explosion site . Several members of St. Mary 's were killed or injured battling the blaze , Onjefu told CNN . During the service , the priest told congregants what he saw on that awful day . He had just returned to the rectory when he heard the blast . "  I thought it was an earthquake , " he said . The lights flickered on and off as his small two-story brick residence shook from the explosion . Onjefu said that when he headed outside , he was awestruck by a large , dark plume of smoke rising on the north side of town . He got into his car and drove toward it . The priest was one of the first to arrive in the destroyed part of town . He immediately began helping remove victims from a severely damaged nursing home . He told his congregants that he had witnessed "  fear in the eyes " of people walking the streets of West . The church 's parking lot became a staging area , of sorts , for police and first responders who have flooded the north central Texas community since the blast . Long lines of cars streamed by West 's community center , dropping off food , water and other rations throughout the weekend . Numerous church groups and restaurants handed out hot meals . "  These are our neighbors . They are coming to help , " Waco Police Department Sgt. William Patrick Swanton told reporters . "  You will find that in Texas . You will find that across the United States . We put everything aside when it comes to these types of situations . " The cause of the fire and explosion has not been determined yet , but investigators have isolated the center of the blast , Assistant State Fire Marshal Kistner said Sunday . The explosion left a large crater in the middle of the distributor , Kistner said . Funeral arrangements are pending for those killed . CNN 's Todd Sperry reported from West , Texas ; CNN 's Martin Savidge , John Murgatroyd , Eric Fiegel and Gustavo Valdes contributed to this report from West , Texas ; CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Matt Smith and Mark Morgenstein contributed from Atlanta .	A business that distributed fertilizer exploded in West , Texas , on Wednesday , killing 14 Volunteer firefighters were brothers who did everything together , family says Some West students whose schools were damaged are taking classes in Waco
CNN  -- Severe weather -- including suspected tornadoes -- swept through the South on Wednesday , killing at least four people and injuring others , officials said . Three people were killed in York County , South Carolina , when a storm swept through a rural area shortly after 6 p.m. , according to the York County sheriff 's office . Half a dozen homes were destroyed or extensively damaged and five people were taken to hospitals , said Lt. Mike Baker of the sheriff 's office . Searchers "  expect to be  at the scene  through the night and through the morning  Thursday  . This is considered a search-and-rescue operation at this time , " Baker told CNN Wednesday night . iReport : Are you there ? Please send photos and videos Sabrina Gast of the York County coroner 's office said authorities were "  not sure if the number  of deaths  is going to rise , because we do n't know if people were home or not . " Another fatality occurred in Forsyth County , Georgia , when a tree fell on a car , the fire department said . Four people were injured in Mississippi , but their injuries were not critical , according to National Weather Service reports . A possible tornado caused "  major damage " to a mobile home park near Opelika , Alabama , with homes and vehicles demolished , the weather service said , citing an emergency manager in Lee County . It was not immediately known if anyone was injured . In North Carolina , an apparent tornado in Davidson County south of Winston-Salem damaged "  multiple structures , " but there were no reports of injuries , according to state emergency management spokeswoman Julia Jarema . Downed trees , damaged homes and buildings , and power outages were reported across north , central and west Alabama and Georgia , including in metro Atlanta , from high winds and possible twisters . Georgia Power said it had 1,975 customers without power -- 594 in metro Atlanta , 1,375 in the Manchester area , and scattered outages elsewhere . A high school in Harris County , Georgia , was also reported damaged . Eastern Alabama 's Lee County received "  significant reports of damage , " said Rita Smith , a public information officer with Lee County Emergency Management . "  We 've got reports of damage at an apartment complex , structures at a lake , mobile homes and trees down , " she said . In Auburn , Alabama , Jim Goldberg told CNN , he and his wife were working at home when warning sirens went off , rain came down so hard it was difficult to see and wind pushed their patio furniture into a neighbor 's yard . "  We got into our pantry as quickly as possible at that point , " he said . "  You could tell something bad was happening out there . " At least half a dozen trees fell on his property and a nearby home 's roof was damaged , he said . In the west Alabama city of Demopolis , damage was reported to roofs downtown , and a boat was overturned at a dealership , the National Weather Service reported . In the capital city of Montgomery , trees were reported down in a neighborhood from a possible tornado . Earlier in the day , a suspected tornado in Louisiana 's Tangipahoa Parish moved a home with four people inside off its foundation , but no one was hurt , according to the National Weather Service . A possible tornado also touched down near Kentwood , Louisiana , according to parish emergency management authorities . In Terrebonne Parish , near Houma , damage was reported from a suspected tornado at the Houma-Terrebonne Airport , the National Weather Service said . Shingles were blown off a home , and a shed was blown out of a residential yard and onto the grounds of a nearby school . Windows at the school were blown out , the weather service said . A survey of damage is planned for Wednesday . Sharon Henry , principal of Village East Middle School , said five windows at the school were blown out and debris littered the school yard . No one was injured , she said , as the school day had not begun . The windows were being repaired and school was in session Wednesday , she said . Homes were also reported damaged near Jones , Mississippi , about 30 miles northeast of Hattiesburg , the National Weather Service said . In the town of Laurel , Mississippi , three homes were reported damaged with people trapped inside , according to the weather service . Four people with noncritical injuries were taken to a hospital . Power outages were reported in Jefferson Parish , Louisiana , the weather service said . The storms were associated with a cold front moving Wednesday across the Southeast . The National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for Alabama and portions of Florida , Georgia , North Carolina and Tennessee until 7 p.m. ET . A tornado watch means conditions are favorable for severe thunderstorms and the development of tornadoes . CNN 's Jason Hanna , Jacqui Jeras and Melanie Whitley and CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry contributed to this report .	NEW : Three people are killed in South Carolina NEW : Authorities "  not sure if the number is going to rise " One person is killed in Georgia , authorities say , and four are injured in Mississippi Tornadoes are suspected in at least two Louisiana parishes
Iran 's navy has captured what it says is a U.S. drone after it entered Iranian airspace over the Persian Gulf . However , a U.S. defense official , who could not be named because the official was not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that whatever the Iranians claim to have , it is not an actively operating U.S. Navy drone . Read more : A dangerous new world of drones "  The U.S. Navy has fully accounted for all unmanned air vehicles  UAV  operating in the Middle East region . Our operations in the Gulf are confined to internationally recognized water and air space , " the source said . The internationally recognized territorial limit is 12 nautical miles off the coast . Read more : Key U.S. official defends use of drones It is not yet clear whether any other branch of the U.S. military or government might have been operating a drone in the area . Iranian state media quoted Adm. Ali Fadavi , of Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps , as saying the unmanned aerial device was a ScanEagle . The device was spotted carrying out "  spying operations " in the Persian Gulf area in the past few days and was captured by Revolutionary Guard anti-aircraft squads , according to Iran 's official news agency , IRNA . With a wingspan of just over 10 feet , the ScanEagle is designed to fly for 24 hours or more without refueling and can survive extreme weather conditions , according to its manufacturer . It can be launched from the ground or from a warship . The ScanEagle is a relatively low-cost , low-tech system and is operated by a number of U.S. allies in the Persian Gulf region . Iran has not given details of exactly how or when it captured the supposed U.S. device . Iran 's official Press TV channel showed footage of what was purported to be the drone . No identification markings were visible . Last month , the Pentagon said Iranian jets had fired on a U.S. drone as it flew off the Iranian coastline in the northern Persian Gulf . The armed MQ-1 Predator was on a routine surveillance mission above international waters , 16 miles off the coast , the Defense Department said . The latest announcement comes a year to the day after Iran claimed to have shot down another U.S. drone , a high-altitude RQ-170 Sentinel . It created a toy model of the drone , a much more sophisticated device than the ScanEagle , to celebrate its capture . U.S. officials said the RQ-170 Sentinel , a stealth drone developed for the Air Force to help provide intelligence , surveillance and reconnaissance , had crashed in the Iranian desert after leaving an airbase in Afghanistan . Read more about drones on CNN 's Security Clearance blog	The U.S. Navy has accounted for all its drones , a U.S. defense official says United States operates only in internationally recognized air space in the Gulf , says source The drone was seized as it flew over the Persian Gulf , Iranian state media says Iran 's Revolutionary Guard says the drone was collecting data
CNN  -- Angola 's ruling party held a big lead Saturday as the southern African nation posted preliminary results in its benchmark national election . With almost 70 % of the vote counted , the Popular Movement for the Liberation of Angola  MPLA  had almost 75 % of the vote . Friday 's election was only Angola 's third since it gained independence from Portugal in 1975 . Under the terms of a constitution approved in 2010 , the leader of the party that wins Friday 's parliamentary vote will automatically become Angola 's president . President Jose Eduardo dos Santos , who has held power since 1979 , had been widely expected to retain the top spot as the head of the MPLA . After independence , Angola suffered through 27 years of civil war . Friday 's election were widely viewed as an indicator of the country 's progress after a decade of peace . Elections in 1992 were abandoned midway and led to an outbreak of further violence . The MPLA won the 2008 parliamentary vote with a landslide 82 % . It appeared from early results that the MPLA was headed for another comfortable victory . The main opposition party and a former civil war enemy of the MPLA , the National Union for the Total Independence of Angola  UNITA  , is among the nine political parties and coalitions contesting the election for 220 members of the National Assembly . UNITA won about 18 % of the vote in the preliminary results . Seven other parties split up the rest of the vote . UNITA has alleged fraud in previous elections and again voiced concerns about apparent irregularities in election campaigning this time around . But on Saturday , spokesman Alcides Sakala said the party would recognize the election results , the official Angola News Agency reported . They include the scheduling of the vote only three days after a public holiday for the president 's birthday , questions about voter rolls , and "  what seems like a concerted effort by certain security forces to tell people in rural areas that if they do not vote for the ruling party , the country will be back to war , " said Domingos Jardo Muekalia , UNITA 's deputy secretary for external relations , speaking at the Chatham House think tank in London . In 1992 and 2008 , there were "  substantial irregularities -- some intentional such as manipulation , fraud and intimidation and others resulting from inexperience , " he said . Human Rights Watch also accused the government of "  numerous incidents of political violence , intimidation of protesters , and crackdowns on peaceful demonstrations , " in a report issued on August 1 . "  The human rights environment in Angola is not conducive for free , fair and peaceful elections , " said Leslie Lefkow , deputy Africa director for the rights monitoring group . "  The Angolan government needs to stop trying to stifle peaceful protests , gag the independent press or use the state media for partisan purposes if these elections are to be meaningful , " Lefkow said . Angola , sub-Saharan Africa 's second-largest oil producer , pumps out more than 1.9 million barrels per day and boasts an expanding investment portfolio in its former colonial power , Portugal , and in other parts of Africa . But despite big spending on infrastructure and social programs since the end of its brutal civil war in 2002 , corruption , poor governance and economic inequality remain serious issues for much of the country 's population of about 18 million . Angola ranked 168th out of 183 countries on Transparency International 's 2011 Corruption Perceptions Index , and was 148th out of 187 countries in the U.N. 's Human Development Index . A number of small but consistent demonstrations have taken place in Angola since last year , revealing a growing frustration with the economic hardship that many still face in the country . Over the last few months , civil war veterans have taken to the streets to demand overdue subsidy payments , and disgruntled youths and civil rights activists have staged rallies to voice their concerns about the lack of jobs and opportunities . The protracted civil war killed up to 1.5 million people , according to the CIA World Factbook . About 4 million people were internally displaced , more than half of them children , the United Nations said . After peace was established , the country faced the challenge of reestablishing civil institutions , rebuilding damaged infrastructure , clearing land mines and demobilizing large numbers of former fighters . Opinion : Is oil-rich Angola a development success ?	Preliminary results with 70 % of the vote counted showed an easy win for the MPLA Jose Eduardo dos Santos is expected to keep presidency he 's held for three decades Many are closely watching Angola 's third election since independence The opposition UNITA party voiced concerns about irregularities
Editor 's note : Join Roland S. Martin for his weekly sound-off segment on CNN.com Live at 11:10 a.m. ET Wednesday . If you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you . A nationally syndicated columnist , Martin has said he will vote for Barack Obama in November . He is the author of "  Listening to the Spirit Within : 50 Perspectives on Faith " and "  Speak , Brother ! A Black Man 's View of America . " Visit his Web site for more information . Roland S. Martin says the McCain campaign has done Sarah Palin a disservice by keeping her hidden . CNN  -- Is Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin running for vice president of the United States or vice president of the student council ? Listening to some political strategists , pundits and radio and TV blowhards , you would think that all she has to do is show up , sign her name on the roll , and she 's done enough to satisfy the requirement for president . Do people really and truly understand that she will be sitting a heartbeat away from the presidency , backing up a 72-year-old guy who has a history of cancer ? Nothing drives me nuts more than listening to some of these folks who act as if we should n't expect Palin -- and Democratic vice presidential nominee Sen. Joe Biden -- to be well-versed on national issues , foreign policy and the social and cultural issues that have to define America . Conventional wisdom says that the vice president means nothing and that the voters going to the polls between now and November 4 are really voting on Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain . iReport.com : What would you ask Palin , Biden ? But looking at the role that the last few vice presidents have played , especially Vice President Dick Cheney , it is clear that the VP can make a world of difference and that we should be demanding the tough answers to tough questions from both candidates . Now , the blowhards have been going on and on , suggesting that too much attention is being paid to her gaffes and not to those of Biden . True . But what we have learned this election season is that there are double standards . Countless folks have said that we all know McCain , and it 's necessary to scrutinize every aspect of Obama . Really ? I think if you ask the average person , they 'll know a lot more about Obama 's childhood than McCain , solely by the level of scrutiny . The truth is , the nation does n't know much about Palin . And when folks do n't know a lot about you , there is an expectation to get to know more . As for Palin , I fundamentally believe that millions of Americans want to know what she thinks about the critical issues of the day and not from reading cue cards . The McCain camp has done her a huge disservice by treating her like a Faberge egg , totally untouchable . She needed to do multiple media interviews and not keep an arm 's distance from the media and , yes , the general public . Back to that low expectation thing . The reality is that the McCain camp and Republicans want that . Even Biden and the Obama camp are tamping down expectations , hoping that if the bar is set just above someone 's ankle , it will be easy to cross . Hogwash . Now is not the time for low bars and low expectations . We need our candidates to think big and be big . They need to speak to our concerns and our fears . And yes , Biden has been around a long time , and many say they know what to expect from the loquacious one . But Palin must strut her stuff . Thursday 's debate will not be read from a teleprompter . It wo n't be on cue cards . With the nation watching , she is going to put up or shut up . What is most at stake is whether she 's the subject of further ridicule or can show Americans that she has a strong command of the issues . If she can do the latter , she validates McCain 's selection . If not , she calls into question his judgment , and at this stage of the game , that is not a good thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Vice presidential candidate can make world of difference , Roland Martin says McCain campaign has done Palin a disservice , he writes Martin says American people want to know where she stands Thursday 's debate will be proving ground , Martin writes
CNN  -- Amanda Bynes is going to remain under medical care as legal control over her person and estate is temporarily handed to her mother , Lynn . Bynes , 27 , was placed under an involuntary psychiatric hold in late July after she was "  involved in a disturbance in a residential neighborhood " in Thousand Oaks , California . According to People magazine , the hold was initially for 72 hours , but on July 25 , a judge ordered Bynes to be held for an additional two weeks . At the same time , Bynes ' parents , Rick and Lynn , filed for conservatorship of their daughter , who has been exhibiting increasingly bizarre behavior in recent months . In a hearing Friday , Judge Glen Reiser with the Superior Court of California in Ventura County granted her parents ' request for conservatorship , noting that Bynes is under a "  continued ... hold in a psychiatric facility . " Bynes ' mom , Lynn , now has the ability to decide her daughter 's basic needs , including where she should reside . Additionally , People notes , she now has control over her daughter 's estimated savings of $ 3 million , for the time being . See the evolution of Amanda Bynes The actress , who got her start on Nickelodeon with programs "  All That " and "  The Amanda Show , " faces three misdemeanor charges relating to an incident involving a bong allegedly tossed from her Manhattan apartment in May . In addition , she also has a DUI case pending in Southern California , while a pair of separate hit-and-run charges against her were dismissed last year .	Temporary conservatorship of Amanda Bynes and her estate goes to her mom The 27-year-old actress has been under a psychiatric hold in a treatment facility Her parents filed a petition for conservatorship
CNN  -- In the third act of the opera "  Aida , " there is an aria , "  O Patria Mia , " that begins , "  Oh , my country , I shall never see you again . " On January 3 , 1985 , after Leontyne Price sang those words , the audience at the Metropolitan Opera House stopped her with a four-minute ovation . Price first performed at the Met 24 years earlier , and this night , this performance would be her last on an opera stage . During the curtain call , she was showered with flowers and confetti as the audience applauded her performance , and career , for 25 minutes . She stood there , beautiful , gracious , mouthing the words "  thank you " to admirers who clearly did not want to see her go . This , ladies and gentlemen , is what a diva looks like . I 'm not sure when the meaning of the word went from someone with the talent and life journey of Price to the cast of "  The Real Housewives of  insert city here  , " but I know its erosion epitomizes all that is wrong with pop culture today : Oscar nominations surrendered to actors for carrying a tune , singing competitions judged by people who ca n't really sing , celebrities who are famous for being famous . Kanye West is "  a creative genius , " but the fact that he repeatedly needs to tell people that makes him more of an anti-diva . True divas do n't need to self-promote . That 's what their loyal subjects are for . Price did n't request a 25-minute ovation . Her moment commanded one . "  I 'm trying to exhibit good taste , " Price said of her goodbye . "  I prefer to leave standing up , like a well-mannered guest at a party . " I long for the day when phrases such as "  good taste " or "  well-mannered " are uttered , let alone displayed , by the people we refer to as divas today . We 've always had bubble gum and fluff and raunch , but we used to recognize those things for what they were . If being a talentless bad girl is what pays the bills , fine ... but we never used to refer to these train wrecks as "  divas . " If it sounds as if I 'm blowing things out of proportion , consider this : There is a reality TV show called "  R&B Divas " with a cast filled with one-hit wonders . It 's as if eye-rolling has become the only qualification to be considered a precious gem . The reality is , today 's "  divas " are more likely to be pieces of charcoal : mass-produced , quick to flame out and apt to leave behind a filthy residue on everything they touch . The reason why the notion of a "  diva " was reserved for the main female singer in an opera company , like a Price or Jessye Norman -- who sings in German , French and Italian and served as the inspiration for the 1982 film "  Diva " -- is because the level of talent these women possess was thought of as rare and thus made their demanding personalities tolerable . Their recordings , treasured ; their presence , captivating ; their performances , transcending all others . Think Streisand , Houston , Streep . Today , we use the word so frequently , hardly anyone knows what it means anymore . For example , after this year 's Grammys , Buzzfeed listed its 16 greatest divas moments and included the pitch-challenged Taylor Swift -- twice . An ABCNews.com headline actually read : "  Kim Kardashian 's Diva Delivery . " Entertainment Weekly once named Rihanna "  Diva of the Year . " The very existence of such an honor should provoke nausea , because there are not enough true divas in the world to sustain such an annual award . Bit by bit , we have replaced art that is meant to be slow-cooked art with that which is microwavable  and forgettable  . Thus our movie theaters are dominated by remakes and sequels , best-selling authors plagiarize , belching is considered witty . VH1 Divas is a fundraiser music showcase created to support the Save the Music Foundation . The nonprofit was designed to help restore instrumental music programs in public schools after so many were lost due to budget cuts . In the beginning , the "  divas " who performed were along the lines of Aretha Franklin , Tina Turner , Mariah Carey ... voices that were iconic , even if you did n't particularly care for their music . In the latest installment of the series , Miley Cyrus was among the headliners . Miley Cyrus . Diva . No , I do n't think I 'm overreacting . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : "  Diva " once applied to people with long records of achievement He says the term now is used for many who are famous for being famous or early in their careers LZ : True divas are people like Leontyne Price , Barbara Streisand , Meryl Streep Kanye West calling himself a "  creative genius " rules him out of the diva category , LZ says
CNN  -- Trading of US equities on "  dark pools " has grown by almost a half in the past three years to account for nearly a third of total market volume , according to research that underscores the challenge facing international regulators . The shift from transparent public exchanges has highlighted growing concern among asset managers and global regulators about off-exchange trading , where prices are reported only after deals are executed . Such venues allow investors to trade large blocks of shares anonymously , with prices posted publicly only after trades are done . They have grown popular with asset managers as they minimise the risk of the market moving against them when executing a large order , or of seeing their order sliced up by high-frequency traders . However authorities in the US , Europe and Australia are considering tighter regulation of such alternative trading venues amid fears that they could further fragment trading and dent the integrity of public markets . A survey by the London-based CFA Institute found that trading of US equities on dark pools had risen 48 per cent since the start of 2009 to account for about 31 per cent of total consolidated volume , as of March . The CFA used data from Nasdaq OMX , as it collates the vast majority of equities trading data in the US . Rhodri Preece , director of capital markets policy at the CFA and author of the report , estimated that there was a similar proportion in Europe . "  The results suggest that dark trading does not harm market quality at its current levels but the gains are not indefinite , " he said . "  If the majority of order flow is filled away from pre-trade transparent markets , investors could withdraw quotes because of the reduced likelihood of those orders being filled.It would be prudent for authorities to monitor these developments closely , " he said . The study calculated that about 18 per cent of total volumes of trades were executed on broker-dealers ' own trading desks -- a process known in the industry as "  internalisation " . That figure included virtually all retail orders , Mr Preece said . Other block-trading venues , whether independent or bank-owned , accounted for 8-13 per cent of consolidated volume , the CFA said . It called on broker-dealers to provide significant price improvement offer better prices for retail orders that are internalised , or route the order to public exchanges , so it could be executed against the order book . Mr Preece said such moves would help to uphold market integrity . "  It would thus minimise any disincentive to post displayed limit orders and would uphold market integrity , " said Mr Preece . The CFA called on regulators to monitor the growth in the proportion of dark volume trading and improve the reporting and disclosure around the operations of dark pools . Last week , an annual survey by Tabb Group , the US capital markets consultancy , highlighted growing industry worries about market quality , shrinking commissions and widespread restructuring among broker-dealers .	Trading of US equities on "  dark pools " has grown by almost a half in three years CFA survey : Off-exchange trading now account for nearly a third of total market volume Shift from transparent public exchanges has highlighted growing concern among regulators
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has a message for foreign diplomats as a political division deepens in the government : Be careful . "  Over the last couple days , ambassadors have been doing some provocative things , " Erdogan said in a speech in Samsun on Saturday . He did n't specify who or what , but the statement comes amid a deepening crisis spurred by a wide-ranging corruption investigation that has led to the detention of dozens . Raids have swept up the sons of several government ministers and others with powerful connections . The detentions have sparked a strong response from Erdogan , who labeled them "  a very , very dirty operation . " Erdogan 's comments come amid a growing rivalry between his ruling party , the Justice and Development Party  AKP  , and The Gulen , an Islamist movement believed to control portions of the judiciary and the police . The Prime Minister has n't said specifically who he thinks bears responsibility , but he 's pointed a finger at "  enthusiasts and planners abroad . " Those responsible are uncomfortable with the ruling AK Party but , also , he said , with Turkey itself "  gaining power . " While Erdogan 's comments have contained few specifics , his was pointed in spelling out the consequences for the "  provocative " behavior of unnamed ambassadors . "  If you go outside the scope of your jobs , " he warned , "  we are not obligated to keep you in our country . " The U.S. Embassy , in response to the turmoil , tweeted : "  The US has no involvement in the ongoing corruption operation . " The embassy added , via Twitter , that it is committed to "  friendship and cooperation " between the two countries . Politics may underlie raids The Gulen , or Hizmet movement , is led by Fethullah Gulen , an Islamic cleric in self imposed exile in Pennsylvania . Gulen denied any involvement in the raids through a letter released by his legal representative in Turkey . "  The esteemed Fethullah Gulen has neither the smallest interest or concern for these investigations and the public servants who are carrying them out , " said a statement issued by Gulen 's lawyer on Thursday . The Hizmet movement , the name preferred by Gulen 's followers , has in the past thrown its support behind Erdogan 's AKP . Over the last month , though , the two have been publicly at odds . "  It was a forced marriage and now it 's an ugly divorce , " said Ahmet Sik , a journalist who wrote a book on Gulen and his influence within the judiciary and the police force . Growing tensions Last month , Erdogan announced that he would shut down college admission tutorial centers , a big hit for the Gulenists who use the centers for revenue and recruitment . The move sparked a high-profile resignation . Hakan Sukur , an ex-footballer and Gulen follower , elected on the AKP party ticket to parliament resigned from the ruling party . "  This is all a judicial process , it would not be right for me to say anything until the outcome , " Erdogan told reporters in the central city of Konya . But in a fiery speech he delivered he said , "  Those who are receiving the support of financial circles and media can not change the direction of this country . Those who are supported by dark circles from inside and outside the country can not change the direction of Turkey . " Turkey is expected to hold local elections next year , and many analysts see the raids as a test of Erdogan 's grip on power , especially after a turbulent year of unprecedented anti-government protests . Gulen posted a video on his website accusing the government of ignoring real issues . "  Those who do n't see the thief but go after those trying to catch the thief , who do n't see the murder but try to defame others by accusing innocent people then may God bring fire to their houses , " he said in the video .	Rhetoric around raids heats up Analysts say the detentions indicate test of Erdogan power Erdogan : Those supported by "  dark circles " can not change direction of Turkey
CNN  -- He may have knocked out eight-division world champion Manny Pacquiao during their recent bout in Las Vegas but if Juan Manuel Marquez wants a fifth fight against the legendary Filipino he 'll need to get permission from his wife . The Mexican stunned the world of boxing by knocking out Pacquiao in the sixth round of their welterweight contest earlier in December . It was the first time the 39-year-old has claimed victory in four fights against Pacquiao , who many pundits regard to be the finest pound-for-pound fighter the sport has ever seen . But with fans clamoring for a fifth bout , Marquez says the only way it will become a reality is if his wife allows him to renege on his promise to retire whatever the outcome of the fourth . "  I made a promise and I know that promises are debts , " Márquez said in an interview with CNN en Español . "  I do n't see a case to fight again but logically he wants a chance , " he added of talk that he and Pacquiao could square off for a fifth time . Marquez 's emphatic victory offered the Mexican some redemption after he failed to win any of the first three fights against Pacquiao . Their first encounter in May 2004 ended in a draw , while the Filipino took a points victory at the conclusion of their rematch four years later . But their third clash in November 2011 ended in controversy when Pacquiao was awarded victory in a marginal points decision . The crowd booed as the judges ' verdict was read out and Marquez claimed he should have been declared the victor . That disappointment made his knockout of Pacquiao , who lay motionless for several minutes after being hit with the decisive blow , even sweeter for the veteran . "  It was a point in my favor because the other fights have ended in controversy but for me this was a clear success , " Marquez said . "  For me it was a perfect shot -- I think the knockout has been one of the best in a while . " Pacquiao is one of the sport 's greats , winning titles at eight different weight divisions . In recent years he 's combined his exploits in the ring with a political career in the Phillipines . His defeat left the country devastated , especially in the aftermath of a super typhoon that devastated parts of the country days before the fight . Pacquiao 's wife was also seen in tears and has since pleaded with her husband to quit . Marquez said he shared her pain having watched a tape of the fight . "  It happened to him now and it could have been me . We are both exposed to this and it made me very sad that Manny Pacquiao 's wife was crying , " Marquez added . Pacquiao has now lost two fights in a row after his defeat to American Timothy Bradley in June , though he did make a purse of around $ 25 million for the fourth installment of his battle with Marquez . Marquez dedicated his victory to his family , coaching staff , and especially to the president of Mexico , Enrique Pena Nieto . "  I want to dedicate this fight to the new president of Mexico , but with the condition that he handles his duties well , " Marquez said . The 39-year-old had been criticized in some quarters , including on social networking sites , for his support of Nieto , leader of the Institutional Revolutionary Party  PRI  . He said : "  I 'm no tiny of piece of gold that will be liked by everyone , many people are in one political party , other people are with another , I simply speak as a citizen . " The fighter was fined last October for wearing political propaganda in support of PRI in his third fight against Pacquiao .	Juan Manuel Márquez cools talk of a fifth fight against Filipino fighter Manny Pacquiao Márquez knocked legendary opponent out during their most recent fight in Las Vegas Mexican says he promised his wife he would not fight again after facing Pacquiao
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VICE  -- On the morning of May 24 of this year , two gunmen ambushed and murdered Amazon activist José "  Zé " Cláudio Ribeiro da Silva and his wife , Maria do Espírito Santo da Silva in the Brazilian state of Pará . The couple 's involvement in environmentalism began with the creation of the Alta Piranheira Beach settlement in 1997 . This settlement , where fruit gathering is the only form of production permitted , is part of a program of agrarian reform designated for poor families who depend on the land for survival . Elected out of the almost 200 poor families who live in the area , they led the fight to protect the forest . They became activists through practice , defending their property from illegal loggers the same way your dad would against drivers who clip his lawn -- by going out on the curb and yelling at them . "  The problems we have arrived with the creation of the settlement project . I did n't belong to any social movement . I lived in my own little corner , " Zé Cláudio explained . "  Zé Ribamar , a neighbor of mine , invited me to participate in the meetings , and I found out I was already an environmentalist without even knowing it . " Outside Brazil , the fight for the Amazon is seen largely as an ecological matter , but here it 's a social issue . This is a country where 1 percent of the population owns more than half the land , a sickening proportion of it composed of large , completely unused tracts of farmland called latifundios . The former rain forest around Zé Cláudio and Maria 's settlement is a prime example of such irresponsible land use . The majority of deforested land in the Amazon is used for cattle ranching . As ranchers and their supporters will point out , the beef industry is a major part of Brazil 's economy and an increasingly important source of American meat . The problem is that while clear-cutting sections of rain forest and burning out all the underbrush makes great soil for pastureland , it only does so for about three years . After that , the soil 's fertility plunges , "  invasive " jungle plants like the babaçu tree begin to grow again , and ranchers are forced to find another plot of rain forest to slash and burn for their cows . See the rest of Toxic : Amazon at VICE.COM Throughout the years , six farmers who owned illegal titles were forced out by Zé Cláudio and Maria 's settlement . During this same time , the federal government , via the Institute of Colonization and Agricultural Reform , had promised to provide some form of basic infrastructure , but public support never materialized . With no alternatives , more and more of the settlers began to give up , and Zé Cláudio and Maria became increasingly isolated . The morning of their deaths , Zé Cláudio and Maria had been driving to Marabá , the biggest and most important city in Pará 's interior . Once well within the rain forest , the city as well as its surrounding area now looks like Texas and is the capital of the state 's cattle industry . It is also one of the most violent places in the world . Locals like to call it Marabala , which translates roughly to Mara-bullets . The murder rate is a horrifying 125 per 100,000 people , second only to nearby Itupiranga , with 160.6 . By point of comparison , the rate in New York City is 5 . The grisly death of Zé Cláudio and Maria -- shot point-blank with a hunting rifle , and Zé Cláudio 's ear cut off to prove the hit took place -- harkened back to other violent moments in the history of the Amazon , such as the assassinations of Father Josimo Tavares in 1986 , Chico Mendes in 1988 and Sister Dorothy Stang in 2005 . In the past 15 years , 212 community leaders have been murdered just in the state of Pará . "  I do n't blame the farmer . He does n't know better . The businessman is to blame . The richer he is , the more destructive power he possesses , " Maria said before her death . "  The majority of farmers are just dupes of the rich . "	Married environmental activists shot to death outside their home in Amazon in May VICE interviewed the husband in 2010 ; he was already receiving death threats VICE goes to their hometown to look at the town locals call Marabála , or ` Mara-bullets '
CNN  -- Federal authorities are investigating a New Jersey man suspected of being an al Qaeda member and going on a deadly rampage at a hospital in Yemen . The FBI is investigating Sharif Mobley , a 26-year-old from Buena , New Jersey , said Rich Wolf , a spokesman at the agency 's Baltimore , Maryland , office . He would n't comment further . Mobley had worked at nuclear plants operated by PSEG Nuclear for different contractors from 2002 to 2008 , doing routing labor such as carrying supplies and assisting with maintenance activities , company spokesman Joe Delmar said . Mobley , who also worked at other nuclear plants in the region , satisfied federal security background checks required to work in the U.S. nuclear industry as recently as 2008 , he said . Mobley is accused of shooting and killing a security agent and severely injuring another while trying to flee the Republican Hospital in Sanaa , Yemen , over the weekend , a law enforcement source said . Yemeni counterterrorism forces rushed to the hospital and captured Mobley , who had barricaded himself in a hospital room , said Mohammed Albasha , a spokesman for the Yemeni embassy in Washington . Yemeni authorities had detained Mobley and 10 other al Qaeda suspects earlier this month in a "  successful security sweep " in the capital of Sanaa , Albasha said . He had been transported to the hospital over the weekend for medical treatment , Albasha said , though he would not elaborate . The law enforcement source said the FBI has interviewed Mobley 's parents . Another source , a U.S. law enforcement official familiar with the case , said authorities have been aware of Mobley for some time . Both law enforcement sources were unaware of any criminal charges against Mobley in the United States . Delmar of PSEG said the company is cooperating with authorities investigating Mobley . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Carol Cratty and Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Sharif Mobley , 26 , from Buena , New Jersey , accused of deadly hospital shooting Mobley one of 11 al Qaeda suspects captured earlier this month FBI investigating ; they and Yemen officials offer few details
CNN  -- Jerry Sandusky will probably be incarcerated for the rest of his life for child sex abuse convictions , but the former Penn State assistant football coach is making sure he has his say outside the prison walls . Documentary filmmaker John Ziegler interviewed Sandusky , 68 , for a project he calls "  The Framing of Joe Paterno . " On Monday , NBC 's "  Today " show aired a portion of a phone conversation between the two men . In the broadcast excerpts , Sandusky questioned the credibility of prosecution witness Mike McQueary , another former Penn State assistant coach , who testified that he walked in on Sandusky raping a child in the showers at a school facility . "  I think there 's a lot of things that transpired . I think these investigators , the way they went about business , you know , his story changed a lot . I think he said some things , and then it escalated on him , " Sandusky said . "  I do n't understand how anybody would have walked into that locker room from where he was and heard sounds associated that was sex going on .  laughter  You know , like he said that could 've been , I mean , there was ... that would have been the last thing I would have thought about . I would 've thought maybe fooling around or something like that .  laughter  " Sandusky also discussed what Joe Paterno , the legendary Penn State head coach who was forced out as a result of the scandal , knew -- or did n't know . Paterno family : Freeh report ` factually wrong ' "  If he absolutely thought I was  a pedophile  , I 'd say no . If he had a suspicion , I do n't know the answer to that , " Sandusky said . Ziegler wrote an open letter to the media on Sunday , and said on the "  Today " show that "  the media , in this particular case , has an agenda . They do n't want to hear what the truth is . This has been a rush to judgment from the very beginning . " "  Jerry Sandusky had his day in court . Joe Paterno never did . I am trying to get Joe Paterno , effectively , his day in court , " Ziegler said , later adding , "  This is all about Joe Paterno 's alleged culpability , which I do n't believe the facts back up . I think he was railroaded . " Both Penn State and the Paterno family lambasted Sandusky and the release of his audio . "  Jerry Sandusky 's statements today continue to open wounds for his victims , and the victims of child sexual abuse everywhere . We have tremendous respect for the men who came forward to tell their stories publicly , " said Penn State spokesman David La Torre . ` The Sandusky 8 ' describe seduction , molestation and betrayal And Paterno family attorney Wick Sollers released a statement saying , "  The release of the audio recording of Jerry Sandusky is a sad and unfortunate development . Sandusky had the opportunity to speak , under oath , during his trial and he chose not to do so . Releasing a recording at this time , nearly a year after he was found guilty on 45 counts , is transparently self-serving and yet another insult to the victims and anyone who cares about the truth in this tragic story . "  The Paterno family would prefer to remain silent on this matter , but they feel it is important to make it clear that they had no role in obtaining or releasing this recording . Moreover , they believe that any attempt to use this recording as a defense of Joe Paterno is misguided and inappropriate . I encourage anyone who wants to understand the facts of this case to go to Paterno.com and read the reports of former Attorney General Dick Thornburgh , former FBI profiler , James Clemente , noted pedophilia expert , Dr. Fred Berlin and the King and Spalding legal team . "  From the beginning , the family has been committed to due process and a careful , objective examination of the facts . This is the path they will continue to follow . " Sandusky was sentenced in October to 30 to 60 years in prison for abusing 10 boys during a 15-year period . On February 21 , he filed an appeal against his conviction and sentence with the Pennsylvania Superior Court , according to court records . Letters by Sandusky , wife blame everyone else CNN 's Sara Ganim and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report	NBC 's "  Today " show airs audio excerpts of an interview with Jerry Sandusky in prison The former Penn State assistant football coach raps prosecution witness Mike McQueary Sandusky says he 's not sure if head coach Joe Paterno suspected he was a pedophile The filmmaker says he 's trying to give Paterno "  his day in court " after "  he was railroaded "
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  The U.S. military has pulled its remaining personnel out of Yemen due to the deteriorating security situation , the U.S. State Department said . The evacuation involved about 100 Special Operations forces members from the Al Anad airbase , sources in the region familiar with the situation told CNN . The State Department called it a temporary relocation . Those evacuated , which include Navy SEALs and members of the Army 's Delta Force , were the last American forces stationed in the Arab nation , which is home to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , the terrorist group also known as AQAP . "  We ... continue to actively monitor terrorist threats emanating from Yemen and have capabilities postured in the area to address them , " State Department Spokesman Jeff Rathke said late Saturday . "  As we have in the past , we will take action to disrupt continuing , imminent threats to the United States and our citizens . " The United States closed its embassy in Sanaa last month , after Houthi rebels took over the Yemeni capital . And hundreds of al Qaeda members escaped two Yemeni prisons Thursday and Friday , raising further security questions . "  There is no military solution to Yemen 's current crisis , " Jeff Rathke said . "  We urge the immediate cessation of all unilateral and offensive military actions . " The United Nations is taking the situation seriously . The Security Council will meet at 3 p.m. ET Sunday to discuss Yemen , the French mission said Saturday via Twitter . For years , the U.S. military has worked closely with Yemen 's government to go after AQAP , together carrying out numerous attacks like the 2011 drone strike that killed prominent al Qaeda figure Anwar al-Awlaki . And U.S. President Barack Obama has hailed this cooperation as a pillar in his anti-terrorism campaign . "  Yemen has never been a perfect democracy or a island of stability , " Obama said in January , promoting the policy of "  partnering and intelligence-sharing with that local government " as the best approach in a bad situation . "  The alternative would be for us to play whack-a-mole every time there is a terrorist actor inside of any given country , " the President said . But while there have been drone strikes as recently as last month , these cooperative efforts have been hampered by Yemen 's growing difficulty in maintaining unity and peace . These include the rise of the Houthis , their battles with forces loyal to ousted President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi and the presence of not only al Qaeda fighters but other militants . On Friday , for instance , ISIS purportedly claimed responsibility for bombings at two mosques in Sanaa what , if true , would mark that group 's first large-scale attack in Yemen . The claim came in a statement posted on a site that previously carried ISIS proclamations , but could n't be immediately authenticated by CNN . Those blasts killed at least 137 people and wounded 357 others , according to Yemen 's state-run Saba news agency . While ISIS and al Qaeda are both Sunni groups that espouse extreme versions of Islam and violent opposition to the West , that does n't mean they will be working together anytime soon . In fact , AQAP strongly rebuked ISIS in a video released in November , characterizing its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 's declaration of an Islamic caliphate as illegitimate . More than anything , the idea of the group calling itself the Islamic State violently flexing its muscles speaks to the chaotic situation there . With no one really in control , that means numerous groups -- including those with a history of killing civilians and lashing out at the West -- have been more room to operate and a better chance potentially to take over . Meanwhile , the main players for control of Yemen 's government -- those siding with Hadi , who still claims to be president after being deposed earlier this year , and the Houthis , a minority group that 's strongest in the northern part of the country -- remain very much at odds . Just two days ago , a Yemeni jet commanded by the capital 's Houthi conquerors fired missiles at a palace housing Hadi in the port city of Aden . No one was injured , but the direct strike nonetheless marked an escalation in the deadly fighting between the two sides . The airstrikes came on the same day opposing Yemeni military forces -- some under the Houthis , others led by officers loyal to Hadi -- battled in Aden , said Aden Gov. AbdulAziz Hobtour . At least 13 people died and 21 others were injured in those clashes , according to Hobtour . Hadi took to the airwaves of Adan TV , a station he recently started , on Saturday in his first televised speech since escaping house arrest . He called on all political factions to take part in upcoming talks in the Saudi capital of Riyadh , condemning the Aden strike and urging Yemeni troops to refuse orders from Houthi officials . Hadi tied the Houthis to Iran , which he was said supported the "  coup " that led to his departure from Aden . "  The Iranian agenda of the Houthis will not last , " he said . After Hadi spoke , the Houthi-run SABA news agency responded , saying the Supreme Revolutionary Committee has decided to mobilize forces and "  directed security and military institutions to carry out their duties to confront  the  dirty war . " "  The Committee announces the decision to call proud sons of the Yemeni people in all regions to unite , collaborate and cooperate with members of the armed and security forces in the face of terrorist forces in all parts of the country , " the report said . Mohammed Al Bukhaiti , a top member of the Houthi Political Council , said Hadi 's speech wo n't help Yemen reach a peaceful resolution and accused him of reneging on a deal last September to transfer power . "  We blame Hadi for not implementing this deal that drew the road map that would have solved Yemen 's ongoing crises , " Al Bukhaiti said . "  Hadi will be held responsible for the country 's failures and that chaos that could follow . " Journalist Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa , and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Ed Payne and Laura Koran contributed to this report .	U.S. military forces have been evacuated from Al Anad airbase U.N. Security Council to meet Sunday to discuss Yemen
CNN  -- For decades they have been showered with abuse from almost every corner of the football ground ; from managers , players and fans alike . But it seems that Scottish referees have blown the whistle and decided that enough is enough . Next weekend officials from the Scottish Premier League  SPL  have voted to stage a walkout in protest at what they see as an unacceptable level of abuse they have received in recent months , abuse that they believe has threatened their safety . The Scottish Football Association  SFA  immediately vowed to avert the planned action with president George Peat calling the referees ' decision "  a sad day for Scottish football . " He told reporters : "  We will do everything we possibly can to broker a deal before the weekend because it 's obviously important that officials are on duty . "  We do not condone the strike but we must sympathize with the grievances of the referees . It 's built up until they could take no more . "  The behavior of some people in recent weeks has tarnished the image of Scottish football . It has demeaned the game . The climate of inference , innuendo and conspiracy theories must stop . " There have also been reports of referees receiving death threats and being abused in the street by supporters . Last week , the Scottish National Party 's sport spokesman , MP Pete Wishart , suggested SPL referees should be forced to declare which team they support , an idea backed by Celtic chairman John Reid . Celtic have been at the forefront of the debate , with Reid last week calling for the resignation of referee Dougie McDonald after a controversial incident during the club 's 2-1 victory at Dundee United on October 17 . McDonald reversed his decision to award Celtic a penalty after claiming his assistant Steve Craven had alerted him to the mistake . But McDonald later admitted that it was he alone who overturned the decision and was warned by the SFA as a result . Reid was quoted as saying : "  If the SFA had any sense of their own integrity , they should look at it again . His position is completely untenable . The SFA 's position on this issue is also untenable . " At his press conference Peat called Reid 's remarks "  unhelpful " and insinuated Celtic 's behavior over the past few weeks had contributed to the referees ' decision to strike . Peat said he hoped the strike would be called off but admitted that the SFA would look at bringing officials in from other parts of the UK in a bid to ensure this weekend 's matches go ahead .	Scotland 's top referees vote to go on strike after their integrity is questioned by clubs Officials have come in for sustained criticism from top flight clubs in recent weeks SFA president George Peat called it a "  sad day for Scottish football " Celtic last week called for the resignation of referee Dougie McDonald
CNN  -- Dani Pedrosa kept his MotoGP title hopes alive by outpacing championship leader Jorge Lorenzo to win the Japanese round at Motegi Sunday . Pedrosa has closed to within 28 points with three rounds remaining after claiming four of the last five races . Honda 's Pedrosa went past his Yamaha rival just past the halfway mark of the 24-lap race to win by over four seconds . Alvaro Bautista completed a Spanish sweep of the podium in third place . Pedrosa 's only regret is that Lorenzo has managed to limit the impact of his recent dominant run . "  We did what we needed to do and it 's just a pity that there is no one else who can stay with us because every race I win , he 's been second , " he told the official MotoGP website . Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso finished fourth with reigning world champion Casey Stoner of Australia in fifth on his return to the circuit after an ankle injury which has sidelined him in the last three races . Honda 's Stoner , who will retire at the end of the season , was left frustrated by his effort . "  I 'm a little disappointed to be honest . At the start of the race I felt had the pace to stay with Dani and Jorge and the bike was feeling pretty good . Then as the race progressed my body started to suffer and ache in ways I did n't expect , " he said . Stoner can not retain his title and is third in the standings but can be a factor to help his teammate in the concluding rounds . Valentino Rossi , who will rejoin Yamaha next season , finished seventh on his Ducati .	Dani Pedrosa wins Japanese MotoGP at Motegi Cuts title gap on leader Jorge Lorenzo to 28 points Casey Stoner finishes fifth on return after Indianapolis crash Three rounds remaining of 2012 season
While most of us are familiar with the word "  meme " as the 21st century 's buzzword for the latest trends and multi-media conversations in social media , Internet memes actually have been in active circulation for decades . They existed long before the arrival of web 2.0 , social networking and the so-called viral industry , back when 56K dial-up was your only key to the World Wide Web and even before that , during the bygone years of Usenet newsgroups . With this in mind , let 's take a look back at the top 10 most classic Internet memes that have sprung up and defined our "  cyberculture " as we once knew it . Leetspeak  1980s "  1337speak , " read as leetspeak , is a corrupt style of the English language marked by liberal interchanging of numbers and symbols in place of certain letters that arose from the so-called "  leet "  "  elite "  subculture of hackers in the late 1980s , and later , gamers in the 1990s . Though now considered an outdated vernacular , 1337speak established a way to "  be cool " on the Internet and left many other lasting legacies in the online gaming world -- most notably "  n00bs "  newbies  and "  getting pwned "  owned  . Godwin 's Law  1990 In a telling sign that shows the Internet 's penchant for arguing and mudslinging , one of the first Internet memes to be referred to as such is a piece of Usenet-era wisdom from Mike Godwin , who observed in 1990 that "  as an Internet discussion grows longer , the probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one . " Since then , Godwin 's Law has matured into an unspoken rule on message boards and forums that says : "  if you mention Hitler or the Nazis to advance your argument in a discussion thread , you 've automatically ended and lost the debate . " Hamster Dance  1998 This very adorable  and equally obnoxious  homage to dancing hamsters went live in 1998 and quickly spread like a wildfire through newsgroups and e-mail chains , inspiring a series of copycats and parodies like "  The Pig Dance , " The Matchstick Dance " and even "  The Jesus Dance . " Though it may not look like much in comparison to "  Nyan Cat " or "  Hamster on a Piano , " the dancing hamsters were declared one of the biggest sensations the Internet had ever seen at the time , along with the legendary "  Dancing Baby . " All Your Base are Belong to Us  1998 Originally found in the opening dialogue sequence from the 1989 Japanese space shoot 'em up game "  Zero Wing , " this awkward translation of the phrase "  all of your bases are under our control " swept across gaming message boards and forums in the late 1990s , giving rise to one of the first epic-scale "  Photoshop memes " based on poorly translated quotes from Japanese video games and animes . Not surprisingly , a number of other funny "  Engrish " moments from Nintendo video games were brought to light in the wake of "  All Your Base , " including "  I am Error "  The Legend of Zelda  and "  A Winner is You "  Pro Wrestling  . You 're the Man Now , Dog  2001 It 's impossible to talk about the state of Internet humor and remix culture in the early 2000s without bringing up the names of a few websites , one of them being YTMND.com . While the site first began as a humble monument to an awesomely awkward quote uttered by Sean Connery 's character in the 2000 drama "  Finding Forrester , " it inadvertently grew into a major creative hub for mash-ups and parodies of all things pop culture , like "  The Picard Song " or "  Lindsay Lohan 's Unchanging Facial Expressions . " Anonymous  2003 The word may nowadays ring a bell with headlines about hacktivism , DDoS  distributed denial-of-service  attacks and Internet vigilantes , but the movement actually started back in 2003 as a far less political group of users on 4chan 's / b / board who would occasionally pull mass pranks on other online communities for their own entertainment under the collective pseudonym "  Anonymous " -- a label that was designated to every user on / b / by default . In the following years , the group continued to build its notoriety through on-air prank calls and chat room raids , most notably the infamous Habbo Hotel invasion in 2006 , until the launch of Project Chanology in 2008 . FAIL  2003 Yet another classic genre of Internet humor that emerged at the turn of the century , this catch-all term quickly rose to favor in the early 2000s as people on the Internet began coming to terms with the fact that we love to laugh when others fail , a psychological behavior also known by the German word "  schadenfreude . " The resounding impact of FAIL in humor can still be felt in today 's Internet memescape , as we continue to celebrate others ' ineptitude through an evolving generation of emoticons and slang terms , such as * facepalm * , cringe and the look of disapproval . Badger Badger Badger  2003 "  Badger Badger Badger " is a flash animation featuring an army of badgers dancing to a repetitive electronic song interspersed with occasional mentions of "  mushroom . " Created by Jonti Picking in 2003 , the animation not only provided a springboard for Picking 's cartoon site Weeble 's Stuff , but also served as the gateway meme to the Internet 's fondness for mind-numbingly repetitive tunes that continues to this day . See : Nyan Cat LOLcats  2007 Just in case you forgot , this is the story of how cats became the lions of the animal memedom . By the mid-2000s , consumer-grade digital cameras pretty much had become a household staple , and with a stroke of genius on the meme factory of 4chan , thusly began the great invasion of the adorable and semi-literate cats , and their Cheezburgers , on the Internet . In addition to making cats ever so popular , LOLcats also put the Impact font on the map as the standard typeface of Internet humor . Rickrolling  2007 "  Rickrolling , " or tricking someone into clicking a link under the impression it will lead to something interesting , but instead serenades the viewer with Rick Astley 's "  Never Gon na Give You Up , " led to the song became an unlikely hit over two decades after its release and brought the British singer back into the limelight . The meme also brought the concept of trolling into mainstream consciousness . There have been a number of successors to carry on this "  bait-and-switch " tradition , some of the most popular choices being "  Trololo " and the wheelchair cliff scene from "  Mac and Me . "	Celebrating 25 years of the World Wide Web , Ben Huh recalls some of its finest memes Hamster dance was adorable , obnoxious , viral Lolcats took over the internet in 2007 Rickrolling was a classic "  bait and switch " meme
LONDON , England -- Two kisses on the cheek or three ? The age-old dilemma may become moot as worries of infectious disease hang in the air . A couple kisses at a swine flu virus prevention and detection medical mobile unit in Mexico City . Common forms of greeting , such as handshakes and kisses on the cheek , are coming under scrutiny as the H1N1 virus , commonly known as swine flu , steadily spreads around the world . In Mexico , which has had the largest outbreak of the virus , the Ministry of Health is advising people to avoid shaking hands and kissing people as a greeting . Some couples are donning surgical masks when they kiss to avoid contagion . Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent who has been covering the epidemic from Mexico , is advocating the "  el-bump , " or bumping of elbows , as a greeting . "  It 's not as cool as the fist bump , but safer , " he wrote on micro-blog site Twitter . Follow Dr. Gupta 's ` tweets ' Dr. Richard Dawood , medical director of the Fleet Street Travel Clinic in London , refers to the shift in etiquette as "  social distancing . " "  People do n't want to get too close . There is going to be a move towards less handshaking , less greeting people with a kiss . There may well end up being fewer meetings , " he told CNN . The World Health Organization is advising people to practice preventive measures like avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell and those who are coughing and have a fever . The global health agency is also directing people who live in areas where flu cases have surfaced to follow additional precautions set out by their national and local health authorities . Even countries where the virus has n't been confirmed are taking precautionary measures . At a news conference earlier this week , Lebanon 's health minister recommended that people stop using the conventional greeting of three kisses to the cheek . See where cases have been confirmed " "  We 're heading toward a world where everyone is going to be suddenly much more conscious of those who are coughing and sneezing , " Dawood said . People will have to be much more conscious of hygiene and stay out of close proximity with others when they are n't feeling well , he said . Are you changing your etiquette because of the swine flu epidemic ? Tell us in the SoundOff below The H1N1 virus is a hybrid of swine , avian and human flu strains . It is a respiratory disease that is contagious , and believed to be spread through coughing , sneezing and close contact . Learn more about the virus " Since the outbreak surfaced in Mexico , it has spread to at least 11 countries . The number of confirmed cases has reached 331 , with the hardest hit areas in the western hemisphere , the WHO said Friday . People tend to be scared of what they do n't understand , especially when it comes to disease , Dawood said . Watch Dr. Gupta report on a new scientific discovery about the virus " He worries about how people will react as tensions rise . People historically have resorted to socially ostracizing those who have suffered from diseases like typhoid and leprosy , he noted . The flu outbreak will pose another test . "  Hopefully we do n't see that again . We will have to control our urges in our relations to other people , " Dawood said .	Move towards ` social distancing ' as people worry about swine flu epidemic Mexico 's Health Ministry directing people to avoid handshakes and kissing WHO advises avoiding close contact with people who appear unwell Follow CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Twitter
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is putting the final touches on a security assistance package totaling as much as $ 2 billion over five years to help Pakistan fight extremists on its border with Afghanistan , senior U.S. officials and diplomatic sources tell CNN . The aid is expected to be announced later this week when Pakistani officials are in Washington to hold high-level talks . The package aims to address Pakistan 's insistence it does not have the capability to go after terrorists , and needs more support from the United States , the sources said . The aid will help the Pakistanis purchase helicopters , weapons systems and equipment to intercept communications . It falls under the United States ' Foreign Military Financing  FMF  program , which provides grants and loans to countries to purchase weapons and defense equipment produced in the United States . It also includes more counterinsurgency assistance to Pakistani troops and a program allowing members of the Pakistani military to study at American war colleges . The $ 2 billion package is on top of billions of dollars the United States already gives Pakistan in military aid and a $ 7.5 billion aid package over five years in non-military counter-terrorism assistance approved by Congress last year . "  They key is to beef up their ability to go after militants , it ca n't be diverted to other threats , " one senior U.S. official said . Pakistan has long claimed its military is geared toward defending itself against threats from countries like India , and does not have the kind of equipment it needs to fight insurgents . U.S. officials said they recognize Pakistan 's current military hardware is not perfectly suited toward such operations , but made clear the new aid must be directed toward fighting extremists , rather than India "  We recognize they need different kinds of capacities and more of them to handle extremists form within their own border , " one official said . "  They do need more capacity and the kinds of capabilities that are geared toward fighting extremists , rather than a major land conflict . " U.S. officials acknowledge the Pakistani military is stretched thin since this summer 's devastating floods , and has had to divert resources from the fight against extremists to conduct relief efforts . They hope the new security assistance will address the military 's resource limitations so they can redouble efforts to go after militants . "  There is an expectation with that capacity comes a greater effort , " a senior official said . The aid comes on the heels of a White House report sent to Congress earlier this month which uses unusually tough language to suggest the ally is not doing nearly enough to confront the Taliban and al Qaeda , despite repeated Obama administration claims in public that Pakistan is working hard to crack down on militants The White House assessment , obtained by CNN , is particularly tough on Pakistan 's inability to make gains in South Waziristan , where many analysts believe key al Qaeda leaders have gained a safe haven to use as a base to plot terror attacks against Western targets . The report notes that from March to June , the Pakistani military "  continued to avoid military engagements that would put it in direct conflict with Afghan Taliban or -LSB- al Qaeda -RSB- forces in North Waziristan . This is as much a political choice as it is a reflection of an under-resourced military prioritizing its targets . " "  The capacity issue is very real , " another senior official said . "  It 's not like they could just go into North Waziristan if they wanted to and succeed . There is an issue of political will but the capacity issue remains extremely important . " The official said the multi-year assistance package is designed to provide the Pakistanis with "  an issue of predictability and consistency " in U.S. military assistance , which has typically been done on a year-to-year basis . Pakistan has long voiced concerns the United States is not going to remain engaged with the region over the long term . "  We need to demonstrate we are in it for more than six months to a year . This offers a time horizon and allows them to chill out about that , " the official said . Even with the harsh White House report , U.S. officials do acknowledge that Pakistan has made some progress in combating terrorism , noting the country has suffered thousands of casualties as a result of its campaign against extremists in its tribal areas bordering Afghanistan . Suspected U.S. drone strikes have also increased in Pakistan , killing dozens of high-level militants in the tribal areas . Although the U.S. does not comment on drone strikes , Pakistani officials have said they could not be done without Pakistani cooperation . While in Pakistan in July , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said the Pakistani government has become "  very serious " about fighting the violent extremist organizations within its borders . At the time , Clinton alluded to the security assistance being announced this week , while telling reporters the United States was "  working on a multi-year package with the Pakistanis . " Pakistan Foreign Minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi and Pakistan 's military chief , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , are leading a Pakistani delegation arriving Tuesday for the U.S.-Pakistan Strategic Dialogue , three days of meetings starting Wednesday with Clinton , Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . The talks address all facets of the relationship between Washington and Islamabad , but counterterrorism cooperation will be a major aspect of the talks . "  Pakistan has taken aggressive action within its borders . But clearly , this is an ongoing threat and more needs to be done , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday . "  That will be among the issues talked about . "	The aid package could total as much as $ 2 billion An announcement is expected when Pakistani officials are in Washington this week The aid is to help Pakistan fight extremists on its border with Afghanistan A senior official : "  There is an expectation with that capacity comes a greater effort "
Atlanta  CNN  -- The Cherokee Nation had difficulty electing its principal chief , so much so that members called in the Carter Center to observe the most recent vote and judge whether it was free and fair . We normally observe elections only in politically troubled countries abroad but believe that the contentiousness and fundamental voting rights issues at stake -- and not just for the Cherokees -- justified this exceptional mission . Simmering beneath the election process all along has been the crucial issue of voting rights for the former slaves known in the tribe as Freedmen , who are Cherokee citizens of African origin and who have had to fight in the courts to be able to vote . Cherokees , formerly of Georgia and now mostly in Oklahoma , number about 300,000 , 56,000 of whom are registered voters . About 15,200 turned out for an election in June . After four attempts to certify the winner in the contest between incumbent Principal Chief Chad Smith and challenger Bill John Baker , the Cherokee Supreme Court set a rerun vote vote for September 24 , which the Carter Center observed . In March 2007 , a referendum â $ " in which only 8,700 ballots were cast -- denied tribal citizenship to anyone who did not have at least one ancestor on the 1867 U.S. government 's Dawes List of ethnic Cherokees . Most of the disenfranchised were the nearly 3,000 Cherokee Freedmen . U.S. authorities had deemed their ancestors not ethnic Cherokees but among the 5,000 survivors of the 17,000 expelled from Georgia and sent on the "  Trail of Tears " to Oklahoma . Dawes had listed them separately as full members of the Cherokee nation . The Freedmen defied the exclusion , claimed their full rights and voted in June . But in August , before the rerun , the Cherokee Supreme Court issued a second ruling , affirming that the March referendum was constitutional . Smith had championed the 2007 referendum and , not surprisingly , praised the affirmation of Supreme Court , whose members he had appointed . Because of that , many believed the court ruling was rooted more in political opportunism -- to assure more votes for Smith over Baker -- than legal principles . The Freedmen fought back . Their legal counsel appealed to Washington District Judge Henry Kennedy to stay the Cherokee Supreme Court ruling September 20 , and this , along with a decision by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development to freeze $ 31 million in much-needed housing funds , succeeded in restoring the Freedmen 's voting rights in the September 24 runoff . When the Cherokee Nation appealed to The Carter Center to observe this election , we saw a likelihood of another very close election between two increasingly bitter factions competing for control of a Cherokee administration with rapidly growing assets : up 243 % since 2002 , mostly because of casino gambling . Last year , the administration had revenues of about $ 420 million . But what made this election far more significant than a contest for political power and wealth was the voting rights of the Freedmen . Democracy 's defining principle is inherent equality . The terrible history of forced oppression and forced relocation has produced a deeply flawed Cherokee democracy , one further threatened by the attempt to restrict citizenship to ethnic Cherokees , a flagrant affront to the principle of inherent equality . We observed the voting September 24 and the additional five days allowed at the election commission 's headquarters in Tahlequah , Oklahoma , with the final voting October 8 . The elections commission declared Bill John Baker the winner in an election The Carter Center deemed to be transparent and an accurate reflection of the will of the Cherokee people , including the Freedmen . The Cherokee election is significant because the vote was credible , and more important , for the rejection of ethnic nationalism as a route to democratic development . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Stremlau .	John Stremlau : Cherokee Nation called in Carter Center to observe its election for chief Adding to power struggle was the right of Freedmen  black Cherokees  to vote , he says Freedmen , Cherokee members of African origin , fought and finally won right to vote Stremlau : Restricting voting rights to ethnic Cherokees is an affront to democracy
CNN  -- Federal agents raided City Hall in New Jersey 's capital on Thursday , one day after they swarmed the home of the city 's mayor , his brother and a campaign supporter . "  The FBI is executing search warrants at various offices at Trenton City Hall , pursuant to an ongoing investigation , " said FBI spokeswoman Barbara Woodruff . It was not immediately clear why the raids were conducted and authorities declined to elaborate . Mayor Tony Mack , 46 , responded to the Wednesday raids by saying he had "  not violated the public trust in any way , nor have I violated any of my public duties . " He could not be immediately reached Thursday for comment . Mack , a Democrat who began his term in July 2010 , has been beleaguered by questions over public finance and accusations of cronyism . Last May , his deputy mayor , Paul Sigmund IV , was arrested and charged with heroin possession and assaulting a police officer , which led to his prompt resignation . Wednesday 's raids also included the homes of Mack 's brother , businessman Ralphiel Mack , and Joseph Giorgianni , a convicted sex offender . More from CNN Justice : FBI dive team to search for missing Iowa girls Arrest made in Philadelphia attempted abduction ` America 's toughest sheriff ' faces civil rights trial Michael Jackson 's siblings attack estate executors	Federal agents raided City Hall in Trenton , New Jersey , on Thursday They raided the home of the city 's mayor , his brother and a campaign supporter Wednesday It was not immediately clear why the raids were conducted and authorities declined to elaborate Mayor Tony Mack says he has "  not violated the public trust in any way "
CNN  -- A major sponsor for Tiger Woods announced Sunday that it is dropping the golf star in light of recent controversy swirling around his personal life . Accenture , a management consulting firm , said on its Web site that "  given the circumstances of the last two weeks ... the company has determined that he is no longer the right representative for its advertising . " The move ends a sponsorship arrangement that lasted six years . Another major sponsor , Gillette , said Saturday it was "  limiting " Woods ' role in its marketing programs to give him the privacy to work on family relationships . Woods announced on his own Web site Friday that he is taking an "  indefinite break " from professional golf . The 33-year-old golfer , who tops the sport 's world rankings , has been mired in controversy since he crashed his car outside his Florida mansion late last month . In the week following the crash , Woods apologized for "  transgressions " that let his family down , and US Weekly magazine published a report alleging that Woods had an affair with a 24-year-old cocktail waitress named Jaimee Grubbs . US Weekly 's report followed a National Enquirer article before the crash that the athlete was having an affair with a New York nightclub hostess -- an assertion the hostess vigorously denied , according to The New York Post . The statement Friday on Woods ' site was the first time he admitted to infidelity ; in a previous statement , he referred to his "  transgressions . " The golf phenomenon , who has won three U.S. Open titles and the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times , said in the statement that he will spend his hiatus with his family . "  After much soul searching , I have decided to take an indefinite break from professional golf . I need to focus my attention on being a better husband , father and person , " Woods said in his Friday statement .	Accenture : Woods no longer the right representative for our advertising Company cites "  circumstances of the last two weeks " Woods announced Friday he was taking break from golf to focus on family Golfer admitted to infidelity in Friday statement
CNN  -- The delayed stadium in the Brazilian city of Curitiba has retained its World Cup status after satisfying FIFA that all was being done to get the Arena da Baixada ready for June 's finals . Last month , world football 's governing body gave local organizers a deadline of 18 February by which to have made significant improvements or risk losing its four World Cup games . One of these matches includes the final group game for world champions Spain against Australia on June 23 . "  The special committee instigated by Brazil 's Ministry of Sports following an emergency meeting on January 21 , consisting of representatives of Atletico Paranaense , the state of Parana and the city of Curitiba , has managed ... to develop a comprehensive recovery plan which includes the solving of the financial challenges involved , " said FIFA in a statement . The Arena de Baixada venue , home to Atletico Paranaense in the southern state of Parana , is being expanded for the World Cup with new seats added alongside the pitch and capacity raised to 40,000 . Officials claim the stadium should now be ready by May 15 , with work set to intensify yet further and a minimum of 1,500 workers guaranteed to be on-site . Nonetheless , FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke warned that the pace of improvement must not falter . "  It is essential that the works are maintained at the required levels and that a collective effort by all the stakeholders involved in Curitiba continues , " he said . "  It is a race against a very tight timeline and will require regular monitoring , but we are counting on the commitment made by the Atletico Paranaense , the city and the state of Curitiba . " Some may question the decision to intensify work when six construction workers have died in the rush to meet FIFA 's World Cup deadlines . But Luis Fernandes , Brazil 's Deputy Sports Minister , said he was delighted to see the "  three measures plan " working out . These cover the progress on construction , improved financial guarantees as well as increased commitments by local organizers . "  It is great to see the significant progress made since our last visit . It 's a city which lives and breathes football , " said a man who is also the executive coordinator within the government for the FIFA World Cup . Curitiba is one of four stadiums that missed FIFA 's December deadline for completion . Aside from simply finishing the stadium , local officials must also carry out a number of security tests at new arenas to ensure that they are both safe and fully operational . Spain-Australia aside , Curitiba is also set to host the following group games : Iran-Nigeria , Honduras-Ecuador and Algeria-Russia . Preparations for the World Cup have been controversial in Brazil . Protesters are outraged at what they consider lavish spending on the World Cup as well as the 2016 Olympic Games . Brazil has not hosted the World Cup since 1950 -- when it lost 2-1 in the deciding match to Uruguay . The 2014 tournament is due to open on June 12 with Brazil taking on Croatia in Sao Paulo 's Arena Corinthians , a stadium which has also had its own renovation issues .	Curitiba 's Arena da Baixada retains World Cup status after satisfying FIFA FIFA Secretary General says it is ` essential ' that progress is maintained Stadium set to host four World Cup group games
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- President Robert Mugabe was sworn in Sunday after the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission declared he overwhelmingly won the country 's disputed runoff election . "  I , Robert Gabriel Mugabe , do swear that I will well and truly serve Zimbabwe in the office of president , so help me God , " Mugabe said at the State House complex in Harare , standing before a red-robed judge wearing a white wig . His words were met with loud applause . The international community has roundly called the election -- allegedly marred by violence and vote rigging -- a "  sham . " Many voters expressed fear of government retaliation if they did not take part in the vote to extend Mugabe 's rule . Some said they were required to report the serial numbers on their ballots to Mugabe 's Zimbabwe African National Union -- Patriotic Front . Watch as Mugabe gets sworn in " Zimbabwe 's Electoral Commission released the final results of Friday 's runoff vote , showing that Mugabe won by an almost 9-to-1 margin , with voter turnout about 42 percent . The final tally , according to the electoral commission , showed Mugabe snaring 2.2 million votes , or about 86 percent of the ballots , to opposition candidate Morgan Tsvangirai 's 233,000 . The commission 's quick turnaround was a contrast to the five weeks it took the ZEC to release results from the March 29 election . Tsvangirai 's Movement for Democratic Change quickly denounced the results , calling the election "  a one-man race , a one-man circus . " "  We have nothing to do with the so-called Mugabe win , " MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa "  In effect we believe that whatever ZANU-PF and Mugabe are doing is just but a continuation of the sham . " He added , "  We do not in any way associate ourselves with the so-called win . " A government official confirmed earlier Sunday that invitations had been sent out for Mugabe 's inauguration , but said the ceremony would not be held until official results were announced and a winner declared . A Zimbabwean journalist said there was activity at the presidential residence Saturday night . Tents were erected and trucks drove in and out of the property , leading reporters to speculate that a swearing-in ceremony was in the works . Tsvangirai was among those invited to the ceremony , but he would not attend , Chamisa said before the ceremony . "  How do you invite a man to a false wedding ? " he asked . Mugabe was the sole candidate in the runoff . Tsvangirai pulled out last week , citing violence and intimidation , but the government said it was too late to remove his name from the ballots . Before the results were official , Mugabe said he won in all parts of the capital city of Harare and many parts elsewhere . Though there were reports Friday of low voter turnout , the state-run newspaper lauded record turnout , and Mugabe said he did not know what prompted people to vote in such overwhelming numbers . Mugabe made the claims Sunday at a funeral for his wife 's relative . It was broadcast on state television . "  Turnout was very low , " Irene Petras , executive director of Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights , said Sunday . "  A lot of people -LSB- were -RSB- dragged to the polling station to fill out a ballot paper . " The MDC reported that ZANU-PF supporters herded rural voters to the polls and forced them to vote . The party said about 90 of its supporters have been killed in the weeks preceding the election . Zimbabwean Deputy Minister of Information Bright Matonga said he would not "  dignify the charges with comment " and declared the voting process peaceful . He also said MDC supporters burned down some polling stations . Members of the Pan-African Parliament observer mission , however , said the election was not "  free , fair and credible . " "  The environment was tense , hostile and volatile , " said Marwick Khumalo , a lawmaker from Swaziland . "  And there was a high level of intimidation , violence , displacement of people , abduction and loss of lives . " The mission said opposition parties were not allowed to hold rallies and were shut out from broadcasting their campaign messages on state-run media . "  There was hate speech , incitement of violence and war rhetoric that instilled fear and trepidation amongst voters , " Khumalo said . Kenyan Prime Minister Raila Odinga called on the African Union to send troops to Zimbabwe , saying the ongoing crisis in the country is a "  shame and embarrassment . " Odinga , a former opposition leader who became Kenya 's prime minister after a power-sharing deal following a disputed election in that country , made the comments during a visit to his home province . He made a similar appeal earlier this month . "  The information that we have right now is that Mugabe is proceeding with impunity , completely disregarding the world opinion , " he said . "  And I have suggested that the United Nations should support the African Union and come up with a peacekeeping force that will be deployed in Zimbabwe so that some calmer decisions can be facilitated . " Opposition leaders and international observers have called the election a "  sham " -- a word that President Bush also used to denounce the voting . Tsvangirai supporters say he defeated Zimbabwe 's longtime leader in the March elections . But when the results were reported , the Mugabe-appointed commission said Tsvangirai had not won by enough to avoid a runoff . Mugabe has been the country 's only leader since it gained its independence from Britain in 1980 . Tsvangirai remained holed up for a sixth day Saturday at the Dutch Embassy in Harare , Chamisa said . Tsvangirai fled to the embassy last week , saying he feared for his safety . Matonga on Saturday said that the government would be willing to sit down with Tsvangirai and MDC members "  as long as they are not pushing the British agenda or an American agenda . " Mugabe has called the MDC a creation of the West . However , Tendai Biti , MDC secretary-general , said Saturday that the runoff had closed some doors in the eyes of the MDC . "  A government of national unity , as far as we 're concerned , is history , " he said , saying that some sort of transitional arrangement might be possible .	NEW : Mugabe swears to "  truly serve Zimbabwe ... so help me God " Opposition denounces election as "  a one-man race , a one-man circus " Observers say Zimbabweans "  dragged " to polling stations , forced to vote Election has been condemned as a sham after opposition candidate withdrew
A nurse in Nigeria . A businessman in Saudi Arabia . A Spanish priest in Liberia . With the World Health Organization announcing Wednesday that 932 deaths had been reported or confirmed as a result of Ebola hemorrhagic fever , Saudi Arabia joined the list of countries with suspected cases . "  This is the biggest and most complex Ebola outbreak in history , " Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said . Nearly all of those deaths have been in Liberia , Sierra Leone and Guinea , where more than 1,700 cases have been reported , according to WHO . The agency said 108 new cases were reported between Saturday and Monday in those countries and Nigeria . Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf has declared a state of emergency for 90 days because of the deadly outbreak , her office announced Wednesday . "  The scope and scale of the epidemic , the virulence and deadliness of the virus now exceed the capacity and statutory responsibility of any one government agency or ministry , " she said in a written statement . "  The government and people of Liberia require extraordinary measures for the very survival of our state and for the protection of the lives of our people . " She said Ebola is a "  clear and present danger . " Concerns about the spread of the deadly virus escalated with Saudi Arabia reporting that a man died , apparently of the virus , after a trip to Sierra Leone , and Nigeria reported that a nurse died after treating someone believed to have contracted Ebola in Liberia . WHO did not immediately confirm the deaths , and its count of Ebola cases does not include the two . The Saudi man died Wednesday at a specialized hospital in Jeddah , the Saudi Ministry of Health said . He had been in intensive care since late Monday "  after exhibiting symptoms of viral hemorrhagic fever following a business trip to Sierra Leone , " the ministry said in a statement . The nurse in Nigeria had helped care for Patrick Sawyer , a Liberian-American man , who died in Nigeria after traveling there from Liberia , Nigeria 's Ministry of Health said Wednesday . Read more about Patrick Sawyer 's death The news of the nurse 's death came the same day that Nigeria confirmed another five cases of Ebola , the Health Ministry said . Meanwhile , a Spanish priest who contracted the disease in Liberia will be flown to Madrid and become Europe 's first patient from this outbreak , according to the Spanish government . Spain 's Ministry of Defense is using a medically equipped Airbus A310 to bring Brother Miguel Pajares to Madrid , where he will be treated at Madrid 's La Paz hospital , Spanish officials said . In the United States , two patients are being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta : American doctor Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol , who had been in Liberia . Emory is one of four U.S. institutions capable of providing such treatment . Writebol arrived in Atlanta on Tuesday , just days after Brantly arrived . "  We were able to spend a few minutes with her to encourage her and be encouraged by her condition , " Writebol 's son , Jeremy , said in a statement . A male patient at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York has tested negative for Ebola , the hospital announced Wednesday . The patient , who had a fever and gastrointestinal symptoms , is improving and is listed in stable condition , the hospital said in a written statement . The man became ill after recently traveling to West Africa . A specimen from the patient was delivered Tuesday to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , which confirmed he did n't have Ebola . Is experimental drug helping ? Both Brantly and Writebol have been given the experimental drug ZMapp , which had not been tested on humans nor has it undergone any clinical trials . Doctors say it 's too early to tell whether ZMapp is effective . The CDC says it 's not likely the drug will become available for patients in West Africa . "  The product is still in an experimental stage , and the manufacturer reports that there is a very limited supply , so it can not be purchased and is not available for general use , " the CDC said . President Barack Obama said Wednesday that "  we 've got to let the science guide us " on whether to make the experimental drug more widely available . "  I do n't think all the information is in on whether this drug is helpful , " he added during a news conference at the U.S. Africa Leaders Summit in Washington . Opinion : Make more Ebola drug and give it to Africans The World Health Organization will convene a medical ethics panel early next week to answer questions about whom should receive ZMapp , given that it is in limited supply . "  We have a disease with a high fatality rate without any proven treatment or vaccine , " said Dr. Marie-Paule Kieny , assistant director-general at WHO . "  We need to ask the medical ethicists to give us guidance on what the responsible thing to do is , " she said . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug ` It wo n't be easy ' Frieden said putting an end to the Ebola outbreak will "  take many months , and it wo n't be easy , but Ebola can be stopped , " he said . "  We know what needs to be done . " The United States is planning to send 50 health experts to West Africa to help contain the outbreak , which President Obama addressed in remarks Wednesday , saying citizens of the affected countries are in Americans ' thoughts and prayers . "  What we have done is to make sure we 're surging not just U.S. resources , but we have reached out to European partners and partners from other countries working with the WHO , " Obama said . "  Let 's get all the health workers that we need on the ground . Let 's help to bolster the systems that they already have in place . " Obama said the U.S. is focusing on a public health approach first , and he will seek information about new drugs later . Frieden said the 50 experts from the CDC will work to combat the outbreak and help implement stronger systems to fight the disease . The agency raised the activation level of its emergency operations center in Atlanta to its highest level , meaning more employees are working in the emergency center . In Geneva , Switzerland , members of WHO 's Emergency Committee of International Experts were receiving an briefing and trying to determine whether to recommend the outbreak is an international public health emergency . The committee will release its findings on Friday . What is Ebola ? The Ebola virus causes viral hemorrhagic fever , which affects multiple organ systems in the body and is often accompanied by bleeding . Early symptoms include sudden onset of fever , weakness , muscle pain , headaches and a sore throat . They later progress to vomiting , diarrhea , impaired kidney and liver function -- and sometimes internal and external bleeding . Ebola spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . It has no known cure . The most common treatment requires supporting organ functions and maintaining bodily fluids such as blood and water long enough for the body to fight off the infection . 5 reasons not to panic about Ebola in the U.S. . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? Experts : U.S. health care system well-prepared for Ebola Ebola 's frontline : Battling fear and deadly virus	More than 900 people have died in West Africa because of the outbreak American Nancy Writebol 's family " encouraged by her condition " President Obama says U.S. concentrating on public health approach Spanish priest who contracted the disease in Liberia will be flown to Madrid
CNN  -- A decade and a day might have passed but the script was still the same . If you listen to the soothsayers , the powers of Liverpool 's talisman are waning . And yet , on a night where most of those in red went missing , Steven Gerrard refused to simply fade into the background . Liverpool 's Champions League dream is over and perhaps , just perhaps , it is over for Gerrard too . At 34 and without a new contract having been signed , this may just yet be Gerrard 's final act in this competition -- the pinnacle of European football . But if this is to be the end , then he at least went out in style , not that you 'd imagine anything else of course . Trailing 1-0 to Swiss side Basel and facing elimination , Gerrard roused Liverpool one final time with a quite magnificent free kick . His curling effort flew over the wall and nestled in the top corner , a strike which will no doubt have the children in the local playgrounds attempting to replicate such a strike . That moment rekindled the memories of yesteryear and Olympiakos in 2004 where Gerrard produced one of the most iconic moments of his career . His 86th minute strike , one of the most ferocious ever unleashed by the midfielder , allowed Liverpool to progress to the last 16 after coming from behind to defeat the Greek side 3-1 . That goal was the beginning of Liverpool 's incredible run to the 2005 final where it defeated AC Milan on penalties after fighting back from 3-0 down at halftime . On this occasion , such heroics were to prove beyond him -- not that he should feel responsible . Far too many of those around him went missing when the club needed it most -- and when Lazar Markovic was sent off after 60 minutes , the task was always going to prove fiendishly difficult . "  I still knew after I scored that it was going to be difficult with 10 men and running out of time , " Gerrard told ITV . "  It gave us some hope and , as the manager said , the first half was not good enough and we had to go down fighting . "  I have not seen the sending off , but I have heard it was harsh . It made it harder because we could have made it hell for Basel in the final stages with 11 men . "  I do n't think we deserved better . We have not gone out because of this performance , we were n't good enough away to Basel and we let in a silly goal away to Ludogorets . "  You qualify over six games and we have not been good enough . " Liverpool 's highly anticipated return to the Champions League has been nothing short of an unmitigated disaster . One victory from six games , that a last minute triumph against Bulgarian minnow Ludogorets , is a rather sad indictment of the club 's campaign . The reality is that since the sale of Luis Suarez to Barcelona and the injury to Daniel Sturridge , the club 's leading forward , Liverpool have struggled . Where last season it could do little wrong , now those in red can do little right . Gone is the pace which brought defenses to its knees , the invention , the effervescence , the enjoyment which was etched across the faces of those in red . Where feet were once nimble and skipped , they are leaden and clumsy . In the Premier League , Liverpool has won six and lost six of its 15 games and is already 15 points behind leader Chelsea . Anfield on European nights is supposed to be one of the most enchanting football arenas in world football . But on this occasion , there was and is nothing magical about this Liverpool side , bar perhaps the cloak of invisibility which seemed to be wrapped up around its tactics and game plan . Basel , which defeated Liverpool in Switzerland earlier in the competition , deserved their place in the last 16 following an impressive first half performance . Fabian Frei 's fine effort which flew past Simon Mignolet , the Liverpool keeper , ensured the visiting side took its advantage into the interval . A second goal almost came after the break when Taulant Xhaka 's fierce drive flew just inches wide of the far post with Mignolet a mere spectator . Liverpool , having made two changes at the start of the second half , had hoped for maximum impact from its substitutes . Instead , what it got was stupidity and petulance . Markovic had only been on the field of play for 15 minutes but when he flicked his hand out towards Behrang Safari , he was immediately shown the red card . While Safari 's reaction was laughable , Markovic had no defense -- it was a pathetic end to what had been an impressive 15 minute cameo . From there on Liverpool was fighting an uphill battle . And yet , as as so often been the case , one man rose to the challenge as he has done on countless occasions throughout the years . Once again , with his side laying on the canvas , he dragged his teammates to their feet with an outstanding strike . Just nine minutes of normal time remained when Liverpool was awarded a free kick some 20-yards from goal . Gerrard stood over the ball and with most of those inside Anfield holding their breath , Gerrard calmly sent the most delectable of efforts sailing over the wall and into the top corner . Then came the roar , the clenching of fists and the injection of belief which had been so sorely lacking . Suddenly there was a confidence about Liverpool as it laid siege to the Basel goal in a frantic finale . Those in the Kop end tried to suck the ball into the net as the red shirts moved forward at every opportunity . Jordan Henderson 's header was saved on the line , Martin Skrtel poked wide . Gerrard roared his players forward but to no avail . The game was up . "  We have to fight going forward to be in this competition next season , " Brendan Rodgers , the Liverpool manager , told ITV . "  We are not too far off the top four and , if we get there , we will be better in it next season . "  The possibility of January signings is something to discuss with the owners , but there was a big investment in the summer . "  We have been unlucky with injuries to key players who are important to the way that we play , but that is to take nothing away from the players tonight who have put everything into the game . " Elsewhere , Real Madrid recorded a club record 19th consecutive victory by defeating Bulgarian minnow Ludogorets 4-0 . Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale were both on target for the Spanish club which progresses to the next round as the group winner . Also through to the next stage is Spanish champion Atletico Madrid which drew 0-0 with Juventus , which qualifies second in Group A. Borussia Dortmund topped Group D despite a 1-1 draw with Anderlecht , while Arsenal finished second after thrashing Galatasaray 4-1 in Istanbul . In Group C , Monaco defeated Zenit Saint Petersburg 2-0 to claim top spot , one point ahead of Bayer Leverkusen which finished second after a goalless draw away at Benfica .	Liverpool out of Champions League following draw with Basel Swiss club records 1-1 draw at Anfield Real Madrid makes it six wins out of six Juventus qualifies for last-16 of competition
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A government report released Thursday paints an alarming picture of an unstable future for international relations defined by waning American influence , a fragmentation of political power and intensifying struggles for increasingly scarce natural resources . The report aims to better inform policymakers , starting with the administration of President-elect Barack Obama . The report , "  Global Trends 2025 : A Transformed World , " was drafted by the National Intelligence Council to better inform U.S. policymakers -- starting with the incoming administration of President-elect Barack Obama -- about the factors most likely to shape major international trends and conflicts through the year 2025 . "  Although the United States is likely to remain the single most powerful actor , the United States ' relative strength -- even in the military realm -- will decline and U.S. leverage will become more constrained , " says the report , which is the fourth in a series from the Intelligence Council . The report argues that the "  international system -- as constructed following the second World War -- will be almost unrecognizable by 2025 owing to the rise of emerging powers , a globalizing economy , an historic transfer of relative wealth and economic power from West to East , and the growing influence of nonstate actors . " It argues that the world is in the midst of an unprecedented "  transfer of global wealth and power " -- from West to East -- that is being fueled by long-term "  increases in oil and commodity prices " along with a gradual shift of manufacturing and certain service industries to Asia . And yet , while American power and influence are projected to decline , America 's burdens are not . "  Despite the recent rise in anti-Americanism , the U.S. probably will continue to be seen as a much-needed regional balancer in the Middle East and Asia , " the report notes . The American military will continue to be expected to play a leading role in the war against global terrorism , though the United States as a whole will be less able to "  call the shots without the support of strong partnerships . " America 's biggest rival by 2025 , the reports says , will be China . "  China is poised to have more impact on the world over the next 20 years than any other country , " it notes . The report projects that China will have the world 's second largest economy by 2025 and will be a leading military power . Equally problematic for U.S. policymakers is the fact that China is expected to become the world 's biggest polluter and largest importer of natural resources . China will not be alone , however , in terms of its desire to provide a consumption-oriented American lifestyle to a rapidly growing population . Countries such as India and , to a lesser extent , Indonesia , Iran and Turkey , will also likely see their power -- and desire for natural resources -- increase . The report predicts that , the recent economic downturn aside , "  unprecedented global economic growth " will mean that the demand for basic resources such as food , water and oil "  will outstrip easily available supplies " over the next decade . As an estimated 1.2 billion people are added to the world population over the next 20 years , the demand for food will rise by 50 percent , the report projects . The lack of access to stable water supplies will also worsen due to rapid global urbanization , it says . Further complicating matters is the fact that while demand for energy is projected to rise , oil and gas production will continue to be "  concentrated in unstable areas , " it says . The world in 2025 is therefore likely to find itself in the midst of a "  fundamental energy transition away from oil toward natural gas , coal and other alternatives . " Such a transformation , however , may not stave off armed conflict driven largely by the struggle for scarce resources , the report says . While conflicts are still most likely to "  revolve around trade , investments , and technological innovation and acquisition , " the report states that "  we can not rule out a 19th century-like scenario of arms races , territorial expansion , and military rivalries . " Terrorism is also expected to remain a major issue through 2025 , though its appeal could be significantly reduced if economic and political liberalization accelerates in the Middle East . "  In the absence of employment opportunities and legal means for political expression , conditions will be ripe for disaffection , growing radicalism and possible recruitment of youths into terrorist groups , " the report argues . Adding to complications in the always-volatile Middle East will be Iran 's possible acquisition of nuclear weapons , which could trigger a regional nuclear arms race , the report says . Continuing tensions between India and Pakistan also add to concerns regarding nuclear proliferation , it says . The report highlights the need for new technological innovation to provide "  viable alternatives to fossil fuels " and overcome future food and water constraints . At the moment , "  all current technologies are inadequate for replacing " traditional energy sources "  on the scale needed , " it says . The bottom line , the report says , is that "  the next 20 years of transition to a new system are fraught with risks . " "  This is a story , " it says , "  with no clear outcome . "	Report says China will have growing impact , second largest economy by 2025 There will be an unprecedented global transfer of power because of oil , report says Indonesia , Iran , Turkey , will likely see power , desire for natural resources increase "  Unprecedented " growth means demand for basic resources will outweigh supply
Chengdu , China  CNN  -- The researcher dressed in blue plastic smock , slippers and gloves is having a tough time getting his work done . Every time Zhang Zhen sets up his camera on a tripod in an effort to document the behavior of one of the panda cubs scattered on a grassy hillside , one particularly frisky baby panda comes wobbling towards him , interrupting his shoot . "  Mumu ! " he yells in frustration , as the four-month old cub rears up on her hind legs , lunging towards him . He picks Mumu up and deposits her at the opposite end of the enclosure . "  I 'm not sure why she 's been all over me like this . I think she 's excited today , " Zhang says . Mumu is the oldest of fourteen baby pandas that were born last summer here at the Research Base of Giant Panda Breeding in Chengdu , China . China 's panda experts have improved the science of breeding and raising members of this endangered species in captivity . The proof of their success is in the baby panda enclosure , where visitors can watch as the newest generation of pandas takes turns napping , playing and exploring their outdoor habitat . The fuzzy young cubs are still shaky on their feet , and often trip and roll down the enclosure 's slight incline . While two cubs wrestle , another tries to climb a tree and then tumbles onto its back , slowly performing a backwards somersault , much to the amusement of onlookers . Giant panda Tian Tian likely miscarried "  There are new breakthroughs , so that 's why the panda population has continued to increase , " said Deng Tao , the chief zoo keeper at the Chengdu base . When Deng first began working at the base 12 years ago , he said there were only 20 pandas here . Today , the center is responsible for more than 100 animals . Deng recently returned from the Atlanta Zoo , where he spent months assisting with the birth and care of twin cubs who were born there last July . "  Now we have new technologies that can very accurately identify when a panda is ovulating and do artificial insemination during a precise point in the -LSB- reproductive -RSB- cycle , " Deng explained . On its website , the Atlanta Zoo credited Deng and his colleagues in Chengdu with developing a technique using incubators and taking turns rotating twin cubs with the mother to better ensure the newborns ' chance of survival . "  Before when a panda had twins , the mother panda could only take care of one cub so we have resolved the issue of having twin pandas and helping them to integrate , " Deng said . The next big challenge facing China 's panda keepers involves reintroducing captive animals back to the wild . "  We have made a training base to return pandas to the wild , " Deng explained . "  Once they are mature and able to forage for food and hide from danger , then we will release some pandas . " National Zoo 's panda cub is healthy , officials say Wildlife conservation groups say China 's effort to save the giant panda from extinction is a rare success story . According to the World Wildlife Fund , as of 1988 there were only around 1,000 pandas left living in the wild . In 2004 , that number was estimated to have grown to 1,600 wild pandas . More recent panda census statistics are not yet available . "  The government put the resources -LSB- into conservation -RSB- . They 've actually set up some mountains just as a habitat for the panda , " said May Mei , the chief representative in China for the conservation group WildAid . China has lavished resources on the conservation of the giant panda - rather than on some other indigenous endangered species - in large part because the animal is such an important national symbol . "  They are a treasure for people in China , " Mei said . The breeding center in Chengdu is also something of a panda theme park . Excerpts from the animated DreamWorks film "  Kung Fu Panda " play on a giant screen at the entrance to the facility , which receives more than a million visitors a year . Inside , tourists travel in panda mobiles , decorated with the cartoon movie 's main character , Po the Panda . In addition to stuffed animal pandas , souvenir shops offer a variety of hats , ear muffs , and even fuzzy nunchucks decorated with the panda 's distinctive black-and-white panda patterns . Visitors walk along paths , gazing and taking photos of pandas in large outdoor pens . The animals seem to completely ignore humans . In one pen , a 25-year-old male named Shi-shi lies on his back , gorging himself on bamboo which he holds in his front paw with the help of what trainers call the panda 's "  pseudo-thumb . " Other adults seem to spend much of their time fast asleep in their enclosures . But the big lumbering animals clearly have charisma . "  They 're cute man ! " says Chris Delbene , a 21-year-old university student from Orego who is studying Chinese in Beijing . "  They live a great lifestyle , play all day , eat , sleep . " What 's cuter than one baby panda ? Panda twins ! CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	China 's panda experts improved breeding pandas in captivity 12 years ago , Chengdu zoo keeper had only 20 pandas , now center has more than 100 animals Challenge is reintroducing captive pandas back into the wild
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic strengthened his position atop the ATP world rankings Sunday with a convincing win over Milos Raonic in the final of the Paris Masters . The Serb triumphed 6-2 6-3 in little over one hour and 20 minutes to increase his rankings lead over World No. 2 , Roger Federer , who was defeated by Raonic in the quarter finals of the Paris tournament earlier in the week . Djokovic now heads to the season ending ATP World Tour Finals event in London as favorite to end 2014 as the world 's top player . "  I played the best match of the entire week today when it was most needed , " said Djokovic on court after the match . "  I got a lot of returns back and just overall I 'm extremely happy with the performance . " On the battle with Federer for the No. 1 spot , he added "  I see it better now than one week ago , that 's for sure . " "  It helps that I won the title ... that I 'm playing well , and that I 'm feeling good about myself on the court playing indoors . That encourages me , as I said before , prior to the last event of the year . "  Now I can not affect his  Federer 's  matches . I can affect only what I can do in my own matches . So I 'll try to stay focused on what I need to do and play well in London . Every match that I play and win gets me closer to holding No. 1 at the end of the year . " Djokovic was playing his first tournament since his wife Jelena gave birth to the couple 's first child last month . He did n't drop a set as he cruised to the Paris title for the third time in his career , adding to victories in 2009 and 2013 . Sunday 's victory also marked Djokovic 's 600th career match win , something achieved by only four other active players  Federer , Rafael Nadal , Lleyton Hewitt and David Ferer  .	Novak Djokovic defeats Milos Raonic to claim Paris Masters title Serb wins in 6-2 6-3 to increase lead atop world rankings Victory marks 600th career match win for Djokovic
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The crew of a commuter plane that crashed outside Buffalo , New York , in February may have responded improperly to signs the plane was stalling , according to details of the investigation released Wednesday . Only a few pieces of the Continental Connection Dash 8 turboprop were recognizable after the crash . The crew of Continental Connection Flight 3407 pulled back on the plane 's control column when it received a stall warning , pulling the plane upward , an update released by the National Transportation Safety Board revealed . That would have aggravated the situation rather than improving it , according to a veteran pilot contacted by CNN . But investigators are far from determining the exact cause of the crash , the NTSB said . And Colgan Air , the plane 's operator , urged the public not to jump to conclusions . The Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 crashed into a house about six miles from Buffalo-Niagara International Airport the night of February 12 . All 49 people on the plane and one man who was in the house were killed . The pilot and first officer discussed "  significant " ice buildup on the aircraft 's windshield and wings before the crash , the cockpit voice recorder revealed . But in an update on the investigation , the NTSB said there is no indication that aircraft 's systems failed , or that ice had a significant impact on the plane . The NTSB said a stall warning device known as a "  stick shaker " appears to have behaved properly , activating when the plane 's speed dropped to 130 knots  150 mph  . At that point , however , "  there was a 25-pound pull force on the control column , " pulling the plane upward , and data suggests there was a "  likely separation of the airflow over the wing " -- meaning the plane had stalled . "  The circumstances of the crash have raised several issues that go well beyond the widely discussed matter of airframe icing , " the NTSB 's acting chairman , Mark Rosenker , said in a statement on the findings . In general , when a stick shaker activates , pilots are taught to apply full power and maintain the plane 's altitude or lower the nose , a captain for a major airline told CNN . "  What you do n't want to do is aggravate the situation , " said the pilot , who would not be named because he had not sought approval from his airline . "  By pulling it up without adding power , you 're aggravating the situation . " The safety board said it intends to investigate "  stall recovery training " among other issues at a three-day public hearing it will offer on the crash in mid-May . Doug Moss , a United Air Lines pilot and aerospace consultant , said that appears to be what the NTSB "  is really looking at . " "  It 's easy to build a lot of experience in airline flying without ever getting close to the edges of the envelope , " he said . In a statement issued Wednesday afternoon , Colgan Air said the NTSB data does not pinpoint a cause , and its crews "  are prepared to handle emergency situations they might face . " "  We stand by our FAA-certified crew training programs which meet or exceed the regulatory requirements for all major airlines and include training on emergency situations , " the Virginia-based carrier said . Colgan Air said it is "  cooperating thoroughly " with the investigation . "  The only absolute fact is that we do not know the cause of this accident , " it said . Information released Wednesday appears to count out one possibility that was the subject of speculation after the crash : a stall induced by ice on the aircraft 's tail . Pilots say those stalls are particularly insidious because pilots can not see the tail wings and because the recovery procedure is the opposite of a main-wing stall -- tail-wing stalls generally are overcome by raising the plane 's nose . The NTSB said that toxicology tests of the flight crew were negative for alcohol or illicit substances . The captain tested positive for diltiazem , a prescription blood pressure medication the Federal Aviation Administration had permitted him to use . At the board 's hearing in May , the NTSB will look into a number of topics , including the effect of ice on the aircraft 's performance , cold weather operations , the crew 's experience and sleep issues . The board also will investigate "  sterile cockpit rules , " or requirements that crews discuss only aircraft issues during critical phases of flight , such as take-offs and landings . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : Plane 's operator : Cause still not known ; public should n't jump to conclusions NTSB : Crew pulled back on control column after stall warning A pilot tells CNN that move would have aggravated the situation All 49 aboard , plus 1 in house , were killed in February crash near Buffalo , New York
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Had the government not delayed its controversial order that all computers be equipped with Green Dam by July 1 , the result would have been the same -- Chinese computer retailers were far from ready . The Green Dam 's developers say they 've received death threats . PC sales representatives at Bainaohui , one of Beijing 's largest electronics retailers , say their merchandise is not pre-installed with Green Dam , a Web filtering software the government said was necessary to prevent children from viewing pornography and other harmful content . Some retailers were unclear as to when the software would even be available on new units . Computer experts say manufacturers have not had enough time to pre-install new computers with the software -- which is one reason behind the government 's delay . PC companies may also be taking more time to test the software after programming errors , with the potential to make computers susceptible to hackers , were detected by University of Michigan professors . The Chinese government said that these errors have been fixed . The international backlash against the Green Dam directive may be further delaying the pre-instillation process . Twenty-two chambers of commerce and trade groups made an appeal to Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao urging that he abandon the software mandate . "  China is putting companies in an untenable position by requiring them , with virtually no public notice , to pre-install software that appears to have broad-based censorship implications and network security issues , " said U.S. Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke in a press-release . With the support of U.S. trade officials , computer-makers including Dell and Hewlett-Packard are threatening to bring the matter to the World Trade Organization . Other computer manufactures , including Sony and Acer , say they are bound to comply with the Chinese policy . Domestically , Chinese Internet users are rallying against the government . Last week an anonymous group of "  netizens " posted an open letter on Chinese blogs and forums . "  We hereby decide that from July 1 2009 , we will start a full-scale global attack on all censorship systems you control , " the message said . The Chinese artist , activist , and architect who designed the Olympic "  Bird 's Nest " stadium , is one of the leaders behind the cyber battle . Ai Weiwei called for his Twitter followers to boycott the Internet on July 1st . The Green Dam 's developers say they 've even received death threats . The Chinese online community has been in an uproar since the new policy became public , and a "  Declaration of Anonymous Internet Users 2009 " circulating directly addresses government censors , said Charles Mok , chairman of the Internet Society of Hong Kong . "  They are showing altered pictures of their own face using masks like that from ' V for Vendetta ' , " said Mok , referring to the 2005 film updating the story of Guy Fawkes , who tried to destroy Parliament building in England in the 17th Century . "  It says , ` We 're behind the mask ; if one of us falls down , ten others will join . ' " Mok also questions the true intent of the Green Dam software . "  On its black list are 2000 words related to pornography and 6000 other types of politically sensitive key words like ` Falun Gong ' , " he said , referring to the banned Chinese religious group . "  That ratio alone makes it obvious what 's behind it . " Sharp criticism of the software partially stems from fears that the software will simply further strengthen the government 's control and censorship of the media . Yet the government said it is simply acting in response to parental complaints about the negative affects of the Internet on children . Responding to reporters ' questions , foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang acknowledges the controversy over the software in and outside China . "  However , " he said in a regular press conference last week , "  no matter how many different views there are , the Chinese government assumes the responsibility to protect our youth from unhealthy information on the Internet , and so do various social circles and enterprises . This is the essence of this problem . " The government said it is simply providing the software free of charge , as a pre-installed file on computer hard drives or as a CD , to give users to choice to install the software . China is not the first country to try to censor the Internet ; Iran , Myanmar , even France and Germany in various ways attempt to put limits on the blogosphere . But analysts doubt whether this particular policy can even be enforced . Said Victor Gao , a former government functionary who now heads a policy think tank : "  The government always has its own views , but whether they are able to execute it to the detail and push it through the country is another issue . " Watch why the filtering software mandate has been postponed " The extent to which the software 's can block harmful content is still in question . Unofficial tests by Internet enthusiasts showed that while Green Dam considered a cartoon of a cat in blue clothes safe , pictures of Garfield the Cat were sometimes blocked by the software because it is programmed to categorize images with large areas of "  yellow " as pornographic . Over at Bainaohui , a hub of computer and Internet commerce in central Beijing , many salespersons seem oblivious to the new government edict . "  I think I 've read something about it on line , " said one . And what do they think of Green Dam ? "  I have no idea since I have not used it yet , " said a seller of computer software . Worried ? "  I do n't think there would be any impact , " replied another . Meantime , Bainaohui 's robust IT business continues unimpeded . CNN 's Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	China extends deadline for Internet filtering software to accompany PCs International backlash , unreadiness of retailers may be reasons behind the delay Government says Green Dam software is designed to block porn Critics say software can block all non-government sanctioned content
CNN  -- Hasbro announced plans Monday to unveil a black and silver Easy-Bake Oven after meeting with the New Jersey teen who started a campaign asking the toy maker to offer the product in gender-neutral packaging . McKenna Pope 's Change.org petition earned more than 40,000 signatures and the support of celebrity chefs who backed her request to change the Easy-Bake Ultimate Oven 's girl-centric pink and purple packaging to include boys , too . She also asked Hasbro offer the product in different "  non-gender-specific " colors that appeal to boys and girls . Hasbro said the black and silver design has been in development for 18 months and pointed out that the oven has been offered in a variety of colors since 1963 , including teal , green , yellow , silver , blue and purple . "  We value input from our consumers and given the widespread interest in McKenna Pope 's story , we extended an invitation to McKenna and her family to visit Hasbro and meet with our Easy-Bake team , " Hasbro said in a statement . The company did not say whether it would change the packaging to include boys in its marketing . The 13-year-old launched the petition after on behalf of her 4-year-old brother , who wanted an Easy-Bake oven for Christmas . She could find them only in pink and purple , which she felt would discourage him and other boys from using them . Teen says pink toy oven excludes boys from kitchen play On Monday , McKenna delivered boxes filled with petition signatures to Hasbro 's headquarters in Pawtucket , Rhode Island . "  I was so excited when Hasbro asked to meet with me . I wanted to make sure they were hearing the feedback from 40,000 people who supported my campaign , " McKenna said in a statement from Change.org . "  I 'm thrilled that they not only recognize the importance of a gender-neutral Easy Bake Oven , but also , they 've committed to launching one in 2013 . Now , boys and girls can choose any color oven they want ! " The new design will be unveiled at the New York Toy Fair in February with the rest of Hasbro 's new products for the year , the company said . McKenna 's petition generated national conversation about how packaging and marketing might enforce gender stereotypes and discourage children from playing with particular toys . Others , including the Toy Industry Association , said toys come in different colors based on feedback from consumers and retailers .	Hasbro invites teen who launched Easy-Bake oven petition to view new prototype McKenna Pope , 13 , said pink and purple packaging discourages boys from kitchen play Hasbro says black and silver Easy-Bake oven has been in the works for the 18 months
CNN  -- At 19 years old she was spotted by a talent agent while engaging in a shouting match with a bank teller in Los Angeles . Since then Charlize Theron has powerfully demonstrated an almost chameleon-like ability to assume the roles she takes on . Whether it 's as a lesbian serial killer in "  Monster " or a no-nonsense mission director searching for clues to the origins of mankind in sci-fi hit "  Prometheus , " Theron has repeatedly proven why she is one of Hollywood 's highest-paid women . Read more : Must-see African movies But the Academy Award-winning actor has another starring role -- helping prevent the spread of HIV and AIDS in her homeland of South Africa . Despite recent success in combating the disease , around 5.6 million South Africans have HIV . "  We are in a very , very dangerous period right now , because of our successes , " says Theron . "  South Africa has had a 63 % drop in new infections when it comes to children under the age of 14 . It 's a huge success to celebrate and we dropped tremendously when it comes to mother-to-child transmission . "  I think a huge misconception is that 60 % is ok , and the problem with not having it be 100 % and no more new infections , is that the disease will come back rolling again . " Theron recently traveled to the province of Kwazulu Natal as an advocate for The Global Fund , a financing institution that aims to "  prevent , treat and care for people with HIV and AIDS , tuberculosis and malaria . " In KwaZulu Natal one in four 15 - to 24-year-olds has HIV , according to UNAIDS . Theron believes the key to making a difference lies in empowering African youth at a grassroots level . "  It 's festering now in a pivotal group of young girls , between the ages of 15 and 24 , " she says . "  These girls are very , very hard to reach , and if we do not grab that bull by the horns right now ... we 're going to see this disease come back and just cause double the devastation that it has . " Read more : AIDS activist 's new fight As part of her work with the Global Fund , the actor attends educational workshops to discuss HIV and the use of antiretrovirals -- the medication used to suppress the disease . "  It 's devastating that we can sit today and look at the devastation that this disease is still causing , especially in my country -- in South Africa -- when it 's completely preventable , " she says . Born and raised in Benoni , a small town on the outskirts of eastern Johannesburg , Theron relocated to Italy aged 16 , then New York a year later , to pursue a modeling career . Much of her time is now spent in the United States but Theron , 38 , still identifies herself as an African woman , which she says is where the desire to help comes from . Read more : The rise of Mali 's pop princess "  It 's  kind of impossible to lose connection to a country where your bones , your skin , your blood , came together . I feel like I am made in this land , no matter where I live or travel . " She adds : "  You can not do this work if it does not come from a personal place or place of passion ... anybody can show up for an event once , but can you come back year after year , can you ? I think that kind of investment must come from a deeper place . " The actor -- who is also a U.N. Messenger of Peace -- has consistently used her high profile to push her activism pursuits over the years . In 2007 , she launched the Charlize Theron Africa Outreach Project -- a not-for-profit that has provided mobile health assistance to secondary schools in impoverished areas of South Africa . "  Africans are very proud people in general and have been able to survive on being self-sufficient and innovative and resilient with everything that we had to deal with , " she says . "  Africans do n't just like to look on outside sources to help . We want to be part of the solution . "	South African actor Charlize Theron is one of Hollywood 's highest-paid women She uses her celebrity status to raise awareness about HIV and AIDS in Africa Her Africa Outreach Project provides mobile health assistance to schools
Washington  CNN  -- In direct and emotional terms , President Barack Obama informed the nation and the world Sunday night that a U.S. operation in Pakistan earlier in the day killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden almost 10 years after terrorist attacks that killed thousands . "  I can report to the American people and to the world that the United States has conducted an operation that killed Osama bin Laden , the leader of al Qaeda , and a terrorist who 's responsible for the murder of thousands of innocent men , women and children , " the president said , looking directly into the television camera in the East Room of the White House for the statement broadcast nationwide on short notice . It was a triumphant moment for Obama and U.S. security forces , particularly an intelligence community that has been maligned for its failure to head off the 2001 attacks and subsequent breakdowns in cohesion . "  On nights like this one , we can say to those families who lost loved ones to al Qaeda 's terror : justice has been done , " Obama declared . He called bin Laden a mass murderer and said that "  his demise should be welcomed by all who believe in peace and dignity . " As he spoke , top officials including Vice President Joe Biden , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , CIA Director Leon Panetta and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen looked on in the East Room . "  For over two decades , bin Laden has been al Qaeda 's leader and symbol and has continued to plot attacks against our country and our friends and allies , " Obama said . "  The death of bin Laden marks the most significant achievement to date in our nation 's effort to defeat al Qaeda . " The president described the intelligence process that culminated in acquiring actionable information on bin Laden 's whereabouts in recent months . "  Last August , after years of painstaking work by our intelligence community , I was briefed on a possible lead to bin Laden , " Obama said . "  It was far from certain . And it took many months to run this thread to ground . I met repeatedly with my national security team as we developed more information about the possibility that we could locate bin Laden hiding within a compound deep inside Pakistan . " According to senior administration officials , Obama chaired five National Security Council meetings in recent months , with the two most recent ones on April 19 and April 28 , before giving the order Friday -- a day he spent in Alabama visiting storm-damaged areas of the state -- to proceed with the mission . Last week , Obama said , "  I determined that we had enough intelligence to take action and authorized an operation to get Osama bin Laden and bring him to justice . " "  Today , at my direction , the United States launched a targeted operation against that compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , " the president continued . "  A small team of Americans carried out the operation with extraordinary courage and capability . No Americans were harmed . They took care to avoid civilian casualties . After a firefight they killed Osama Bin Laden and took custody of his body . " Senior administration officials told reporters on condition of not being identified that the surgical strike involved a helicopter raid on the heavily secured compound that lasted less than 40 minutes . The U.S. forces engaged in a firefight with bin Laden and others that killed five people -- bin Laden , three male accomplices and a woman whom one of the male combatants used as a human shield , the officials said . One U.S. helicopter crashed due to a mechanical problem and was destroyed , the officials added . In his remarks , Obama recounted the 2001 terrorist attacks , referring to the clear blue skies that day and the horror of planes slamming into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon . He also spoke of families who lost loved ones that day , the intelligence community that finally tracked bin Laden down , and "  the men who carried out this operation . " "  It was nearly 10 years ago that a bright September day was darkened by the worst attack on the American people in our history , " Obama said . "  The images of 9/11 are seared into our national memory -- hijacked planes cutting through a cloudless September sky ; the Twin Towers collapsing to the ground ; black smoke billowing up from the Pentagon ; the wreckage of Flight 93 in Shanksville , Pennsylvania , where the actions of heroic citizens saved even more heartbreak and destruction . " He went on to describe the worst images -- "  those that were unseen to the world . " "  The empty seat at the dinner table . Children who were forced to grow up without their mother or their father . Parents who would never know the feeling of their child 's embrace . Nearly 3,000 citizens taken from us , leaving a gaping hole in our hearts , " Obama said . "  Tonight we give thanks to the countless intelligence and counterterrorism professionals who have worked tirelessly to achieve this outcome , " Obama said . "  The American people do not see their work nor know their names , but tonight they feel the satisfaction of their work and the result of their pursuit of justice . " Thanking the U.S. forces in Sunday 's operation , Obama said they "  exemplify the professionalism , patriotism and unparalleled courage of those who serve our country . And they are part of a generation that has borne the heaviest share of burden since that September day . " "  Let me say to the families who lost loved ones on 9/11 , that we have never forgotten your loss , nor wavered in our commitment to see that we do whatever it takes to prevent another attack on our shores , " he said . "  And tonight , let us think back to the sense of unity that prevailed on 9/11 . I know that it has , at times , frayed . Yet today 's achievement is a testament to the greatness of our country and the determination of the American people . " Obama also repeated the longstanding U.S. contention that originated with former President George W. Bush after the 2001 attacks that the fight against al Qaeada was not a war against Islam . "  I 've made clear , just as President Bush did shortly after 9/11 , that our war is not against Islam , " Obama said . "  Bin Laden was not a Muslim leader . He was a mass murderer of Muslims . Indeed , al Qaeda slaughtered scores of Muslims in many countries including our own . "	President Obama tells the nation that a U.S. operation killed Osama bin Laden Obama : Bin Laden 's death should be welcomed "  by all who believe in peace and dignity " The president reiterates that the U.S. war against al Qaeda is not a war on Islam
CNN  California 's Silicon Valley is one of the most prosperous places in the United States -- home to tech giants such as Google , Facebook and Apple . Yet even this region is n't immune from the scourge of child poverty . I visited Silicon Valley in November for CNN 's Change the List series . Readers of this website voted for me to do a story on child poverty . There , I found children living in tents , homeless shelters -- even a garage , which I found particularly ironic given that Google and Apple link their company origins to garages in this valley south of San Francisco . Instead of going on about all that 's wrong with Silicon Valley and this country as a whole , where one in five kids lives below the poverty line , I want to bring some good news : We can fix this . Child poverty is n't inevitable . It 's a choice . And we can choose to end it . Here are four ways we can start to do that . If you do n't like these , go to this Google Form  yeah , Google  and suggest a solution of your own . Your ideas may end up in a future column . Side note : Google declined to comment on "  The poor kids of Silicon Valley . " Facebook and Apple , meanwhile , did not respond to my repeated email requests for comment . The idea : Housing is too expensive for poor families , especially in markets such as Silicon Valley . But making affordable housing more available can reduce this burden . Evidence it works : Increasing federal housing subsidies would reduce U.S. child poverty by 20.8 % , according to a 2015 Children 's Defense Fund report . That would lift 2.3 million kids out of poverty . The annual cost would be $ 23.5 billion . For more info , read this report : "  Ending Child Poverty Now . " What you can do : Support vetted California organizations that provide free or subsidized housing to low-income families , including Family Supportive Housing and Samaritan House . Or : Petition Facebook , Apple or Google to fund subsidized housing projects in their own backyard . The idea : Working families ca n't afford to raise their kids , and better wages would help them do it . The federal minimum wage is worth considerably less now than it was in the 1960s , adjusted for inflation , according to the Congressional Research Service . The federal minimum wage was worth $ 9.27 in 1963 , using July 2013 dollars . Now it 's $ 7.25 . Evidence it works : Raising the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 per hour , and boosting the tipped worker wage to $ 7.07 , could reduce U.S. child poverty by 4 % , according to the Children 's Defense Fund report . That would help lift 400,000 American kids out of poverty . To see how something like that plays out , I visited the Idaho-Washington border . Idaho 's minimum wage is $ 7.25 per hour . Washington 's is $ 9.47 . The difference is $ 4,618 per year . On my visit , I met Amanda Palmen , a 27-year-old gas station worker . She told me that that wage difference is enough to help her two girls more comfortably -- and get off the SNAP program . What you can do : Petition for a $ 10.10 federal minimum wage . And learn more about minimum wage laws in your state . The idea : Kids who attend high-quality preschools are more likely to graduate from high school and tend to earn more as adults . Every child should have that chance . Additionally , expanding child care subsidies could help . Spending $ 5.3 billion would reduce U.S. child poverty by 3 % , or 300,000 kids , according to the Children 's Defense Fund report . Evidence it works : Meet the poorest kids in Iceland , a country with a low child poverty rate and nearly universal enrollment in early education , starting at age 2 . In America , meanwhile , despite advances in many states , only 40 % of 3-year-olds are enrolled .  Rates do go up for 4 - and 5-year-olds , according to the National Center for Education Statistics . Petition in favor of "  preschool for all . " Or support these vetted groups : The idea : The thing poor families lack is money . Give it to them and let them decide how to spend it . Evidence it works : Cherokee , North Carolina , pays tribal members a biannual stipend , just for being alive . And social ills have declined . The money comes from a casino , which the Eastern Band of the Cherokee Nation owns . In 1996 , the tribal council voted to distribute 50 % of the casino profits evenly among its 15,000 members , according to Vice Chief Larry Blythe . A Duke University researcher has been studying the impact of these payments for two decades . She follows 1,420 kids , comparing the lives of those who get the casino money with those who do n't . The results are startling . For the poorest families , a yearly $ 4,000 payment reduced by 22 % the odds that children would commit minor crimes by their late teens . The poorest kids were one grade year ahead when researchers checked in with them at 21 . Mental health also improved . Kids who were lifted out of poverty by the payments saw behavioral problems decrease by 40 % . For more info , read this op-ed : "  The argument for the basic income . " What you can do : Start a petition asking Congress to sponsor a "  basic income " bill .	John Sutter : Child poverty in the United States is n't inevitable ; it 's a choice He presents four policy solutions he says would help end this scourge
PARIS , France  CNN  -- The backstage gossip at recent fashion shows would n't be complete without rampant speculation about who is likely to replace esteemed American Vogue Editor in Chief Anna Wintour . Vogue editors Anna Wintour and Carine Roitfeld at AmfAR 's 10th Annual New York Gala in January 2008 . Wintour has yet to announce any plans to retire but her advancing age -- she 's 60 this year -- has stoked speculation that after more than 20 years in the role it might be time to leave . One name touted as a possible replacement is Carine Roitfeld , the highly respected editor in chief of Vogue Paris . Read more about Carine Roitfeld Roitfeld is accustomed to the speculation , describing it as "  frustrating . " She told CNN she had n't been offered the job and even if she was she probably would n't take it . "  It 's a bit like for an actor . Do you want to go to Hollywood or do you want to stay here in Paris and do the cinema I like to do ? , " Roitfeld said . "  I think I prefer to stay here in Paris . " Watch Carine Roitfeld Revealed A fixture at the U.S. title since 1988 , Wintour has a fearsome reputation , mostly courtesy of the 2006 film starring Meryl Streep , "  The Devil Wears Prada . " The film is based on a book penned by a former assistant at American Vogue who has denied suggestions Wintour was the inspiration for the demanding and odious lead character . Roitfeld is anxious not to create any friction between her and her U.S. counterpart , telling CNN "  I think Anna does a great job ... I think she 's a great person . " She said she would be honored to be asked to fill Wintour 's shoes , but pointed out that "  it 's a very different job . " "  I 'm very happy at French Vogue to be able to do everything -- almost everything -- I want in the magazine , " she said . "  It would be too political at American Vogue for me . And I 'm not sure I 'm talking enough good English to work there . " At Vogue Paris , Roitfeld knows her readers . They are a select group of incredibly stylish and wealthy women who are thrilled rather than alienated by unconventional ideas . The best-selling edition so far , in August 2003 , featured French actress Sophie Marceau on the cover smoking a cigarette . At French Vogue , there 's less pressure to appeal to the masses . Its circulation of some 139,000 is dwarfed by the million plus readers of American Vogue . Fashion shoots are about fantasy . There 's no imperative to make any clothes they feature wearable . If it 's unusual and innovative , then it 's in . With just 25 staff , Roitfeld describes the team at French Vogue as like a family . And that 's how she prefers it . Having said that , she told CNN she would n't dismiss any offer out of hand . "  Of course I would consider it because it would be ridiculous not to consider such a huge position -- in terms of money and in terms of power , " she said . "  But I 'm very happy . It 's very much a small team  in Paris  . America is a huge team . I know because I 've worked for them before . I think it 's not for me . "	Style icon Anna Wintour is rumored to be leaving American Vogue in 2009 Vogue Paris Editor in Chief Carine Roitfeld touted as a possible replacement Roitfeld told CNN : "  I think I prefer to stay here in Paris ... I 'm very happy "
CNN  -- The four acoustic pings at the center of the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 for the past seven weeks are no longer believed to have come from the plane 's black boxes , a U.S. Navy official told CNN . The acknowledgment came Wednesday as searchers wrapped up the first phase of their effort , having scanned 329 square miles of southern Indian Ocean floor without finding any wreckage from the Boeing 777-200 . Authorities now almost universally believe the pings did not come from the onboard data or cockpit voice recorders but instead came from some other man-made source unrelated to the jetliner that disappeared on March 8 , according to Michael Dean , the Navy 's deputy director of ocean engineering . If the pings had come from the recorders , searchers would have found them , he said . Dean said "  yes " when asked if other countries involved in the search had reached the same conclusions . Underwater search for MH370 postponed for at least 2 months "  Our best theory at this point is that  the pings were  likely some sound produced by the ship ... or within the electronics of the Towed Pinger Locator , " Dean said . The pinger locator was used by searchers to listen for underwater signals . "  Always your fear any time you put electronic equipment in the water is that if any water gets in and grounds or shorts something out , that you could start producing sound , " Dean explained . He said it is not possible to absolutely exclude that the pings came from the black boxes , but there is no evidence now to suggest they did . However , a U.S. Navy spokesman called Dean 's statement to CNN "  speculative and premature . " "  I am not saying that what Michael Dean said was inaccurate , " the spokesman said , "  but what we are saying is that it is not his place to say it . " The Navy is continuing "  to work with our partners to more thoroughly understand the data acquired by the Towed Pinger Locater , " according to the spokesman . "  As such , we would defer to the Australians , as the lead in the search effort , to make additional information known at the appropriate time , " the spokesman said . Here 's what we do and do n't know about new MH370 data Key role in search The pings have played a key role in shaping the search for the plane , which disappeared on a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing with 239 people aboard . The man leading the hunt said earlier this month the effort was the most difficult in human history , but technology greatly increased the chances of success . Search officials expressed "  cautious optimism " in the pings when they were discovered April 5 and 8 . Angus Houston , the man leading the hunt for the missing plane , said as recently as this month that the pulse signals remained "  the most promising lead " in the search . The optimism stemmed from the fact the pings were detected near an arc where an Inmarsat satellite had last communicated with the plane . And it was bolstered by the pinger 's steady one-ping-a-second cadence , matching that of equipment known to be on the plane . But caution stemmed from the ping 's 33.3 kHz frequency , slightly lower than 37.5 kHz design frequency . There were also concerns because the four ping detection sites were miles apart . But experts said crash damage or deep ocean pressures could alter the pinger frequency . And they said the plane 's two black boxes could have been separated during an explosion or crash . And they noted sounds can travel far , and even echo , in underwater environments . Dean said Wednesday officials were also concerned because , after twice detecting pings on April 5 , searchers had difficulty reacquiring the pings the next day . One incident -- the loss of the pinger signal on April 8 -- had the peculiar impact of both lowering and raising expectations . The signal loss made it harder to zero-in on the black boxes . But it also boosted confidence that they had found the pingers , since the batteries were expected to die at about that time . First phase complete On Wednesday , Australia ended the first phase of the underwater search , having finished scanning large areas around all four ping sites . The Bluefin-21 was not able to look at one area in the northernmost ping area because of the depth of the water there , Dean said . With no tangible evidence found by the underwater drone , which costs an estimated $ 40,000 a day to operate , search officials are regrouping and preparing to deploy more high-tech equipment . Australia said this week it will negotiate with private companies to conduct the next phase , which will resume in two months , if not later . That phase , which aims to scour about 23,166 square miles  60,000 square kilometers  , probably wo n't start for at least two months . The cost ? About $ 60 million . What happens next in the search ? CNN 's David Molko and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Navy spokesman says Michael Dean 's comments on pings are "  premature " The pings have been at the center of the search for weeks The new development comes as searchers wrap up first phase of their efforts Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 disappeared in March
CNN  -- You can calm down now , Internet . Ben Affleck has gotten the original TV Batman 's stamp of approval . Adam West told People magazine at San Diego Comic-Con on Thursday that he has faith in Affleck 's ability to carry the role of the Caped Crusader in the highly anticipated movie "  Batman v Superman : Dawn of Justice . " "  My feeling is that Ben Affleck will be really good simply because he 's a great talent , " West said . "  And I 'd be very interested in seeing him in the role . " The release of a close-up shot of Affleck at Batman had Comic-Con has once again stirred debate about whether the role was miscast with the Academy Award winner . One Twitter user posted a picture of an iceberg with the caption , "  An Iceberg that looks like an old depressed Batman ... or Ben Affleck as it 's now commonly known #BatmanvSuperman . " West , who played Batman in the TV series from 1966 to 1968 , was on hand as Warner Home Video announced the coming release of the complete TV series on DVD and Blu-ray . The 85-year-old actor had some words of wisdom for Affleck . "  Just make the costume work for you , Ben , " West said . How The Rock became ` Hercules ' More ` Iron Man ' ? Sounds good to me , Robert Downey Jr. says Darth Car unveiled at Comic-Con	TV Batman Adam West spoke on the Affleck casting at Comic-Con Affleck will be "  really good " in new movie , West believes The complete "  Batman " TV series is being released on DVD
CNN  -- Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez pleaded not guilty Friday in the shooting death of a friend whose body was found in a Massachusetts industrial park . It was his sixth time appearing in a courtroom since his June 26 arrest . Hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in the June 17 death of Odin Lloyd , a 27-year-old semipro football player . He also faces various weapons charges . He will be held without bail until his next court appearance on October 9 . Hernandez , 23 , was let go by the Patriots after his arrest . Investigation continues in another case Friday 's arraignment came as authorities continue to investigate Hernandez in connection with an unsolved 2012 double homicide case in Boston . Investigators have obtained July 2012 video surveillance allegedly showing Hernandez at a nightclub at the same time as two men who were fatally shot that night , according to a law enforcement source with knowledge of the investigation . The video apparently does not show Hernandez interacting with Daniel Abreu , 29 , and Safiro Furtado , 28 , according to a law enforcement source . The development was first reported Wednesday by the Hartford Courant . Boston police have said the men were inside a BMW that was sprayed with gunfire after they left the nightclub . Law enforcement sources said they believe Hernandez rented a silver SUV with Rhode Island registration that was linked to the scene of the double homicide . After Lloyd 's murder , Bristol , Connecticut , police discovered the vehicle by accident while searching the garage of Hernandez 's uncle , a law enforcement source told CNN . Boston police had been looking for the vehicle for almost a year , law enforcement sources added . Hernandez has not been charged in the unsolved double shooting . His attorneys have previously declined to comment to CNN when asked about the ongoing Boston investigation . Defense : Jury will find him ` innocent ' A Bristol County , Massachusetts , grand jury last month indicted Hernandez on a first-degree murder charge and five weapons charges . Prosecutors say Hernandez orchestrated the shooting of Lloyd , who was dating the sister of Hernandez 's fiancee . Defense attorney Michael Fee said he was pleased with the indictment because it gave his client "  a path to trial , " where a jury will find Hernandez "  innocent . " Police have not located the gun believed to have been used to kill Lloyd . But prosecutors say Hernandez returned a rental car with a bullet casing that allegedly matched bullets found at the scene . Surveillance cameras showed the car believed to be carrying Hernandez and the others at the southeastern Massachusetts industrial park where Lloyd 's body was found , according to authorities . Another Hernandez defense attorney , Charles Rankin , asserted that "  not one shred of evidence has been presented yet . " "  At the end of the day , we 're confident that Aaron is going to be exonerated and we look forward to that process , " Rankin said . Bristol County District Attorney Sam Sutter said authorities have more than circumstantial evidence against Hernandez . "  There 's a tremendous amount of evidence , " he told reporters . One of Lloyd 's sister , Olivia Thibou , said Friday that "  these are very difficult days . "  We just keep praying to get through this , " she said . The next court hearing is scheduled for October 9 , when the judge will hear a defense motion to extend and make more stringent a gag order , Sutter said . Hernandez has been sitting in a jail cell as his former team , known for its stellar offense , contends for another Super Bowl title . The Patriots open their regular season Sunday against the Buffalo Bills . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Phil Gast and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : Defense attorney says "  not one shred of evidence has been presented yet " NEW : Prosecutor says "  there 's a tremendous amount of evidence " Aaron Hernandez pleads not guilty to murder and weapons charges The former NFL star is also being investigated in 2012 slayings
CNN  -- A late equalizer from Esteban Granero spared Real Madrid 's blushes on Sunday night as they struggled to a 1-1 draw with bottom-placed Almeria at the Estadio del Mediterraneo . Newly-crowned FIFA world coach of the year , Jose Mourinho saw his side labor without reward for most of the match against a side which has only won twice in the league all season . A resolute performance from the home side was rewarded in the 60th minute when an effort from Jose Ulloa saw them take a shock 1-0 lead . Spurred into action , Real fought back with Cristiano Ronaldo nearly finding the net after a mazy run , but was denied by the feet of Diego Alves . But Almeria 's goalkeeper could not do anything about Granero goal who fired a rocket into the roof of the net after receiving a lay-off from substitute Karim Benzema who came on for Kaka . Meanwhile , Barcelona breezed past 16th place Malaga 4-1 at the Nou Camp to open up a four point gap over rivals Madrid . Iniesta opened the scoring after eight minutes firing home off the post with a shot from the edge of the penalty area . David Villa doubled the lead 10 minutes later as Barcelona teased and tricked their way through Malaga 's defences . Rodriguez made it three nine minutes before the break after Messi had carved open the defence with a perfectly weighted pass . Duda did pull one back for the visitors in the 68th minute , but David Silva netted his second of the night and Barcelona 's fourth seven minutes later . Earlier in the day , Valencia overcame Deportivo La Coruna 2-0 to cement fourth place in the table . They made sure of three points late in the game with goals from defender Jeremy Mathieu in the 77th minute and Pablo Hernandez who added a second in injury time . Deportivo remain in 13th place . In the Bundesliga , Hannover moved up to second after a convincing 3-0 win at Frankfurt . Two early goals from Mohammed Abdellaoue in the 15th minute and Christian Schulz six minutes later saw the visitors seize control of the match which was never relinquished . An 88th minute strike from Didier Ya Konan rounded off a resounding victory . Hannover are now 12 points behind runaway leaders Dortmund . Frankfurt remain in eighth place on 26 points . At the other end of the table , the match between Kaiserslautern and Cologne ended in a 1-1 draw . Cologne took the lead after half an hour as Podolski found the target , only to see Moravek equalize in the 50th minute . Colonge move up to 16th place one point ahead of Stuttgart , while Kaiserslautern find themselves in 10th place and are one of four teams currently on 22 points .	Real Madrid held to draw by bottom-placed Almeria to lose ground on leaders Barcelona Barcelona enjoy easy win over Malaga to open up four point gap over Madrid Hannover move up to second place in Bundesliga after 3-0 win over Frankfurt Kaiserslautern draw 1-1 with Cologne to move up to 10th place in the table
Tokyo  CNN  -- A contentious crowd of Tokyo Electric Power Company shareholders showed up Tuesday for their first meeting since the March tsunami to grill company executives about the future of the embattled company , as well as nuclear energy in Japan . But in the end , they rejected a motion for the company to abandon nuclear power , according to the Japanese news agency Kyodo , despite plenty of opposition . "  I am against the idea of the board of directors ' decision to maintain the nuclear plants . I am here to see that the right decision is taken , " said Kazuko Takahashi , as she waited in line to get into the meeting . "  The world is moving in that direction and I do n't think TEPCO can resist that forever , " she said , referring to anti-nuclear movements in nations like Germany . Germany 's government formally approved a plan this month to close all the country 's nuclear power plants by 2022 . More than 9,000 people attended the TEPCO meeting , which lasted six hours . Both numbers were record highs , Kyodo said . Wrapped in a white Tyvek protective suit and mask , similar to the suits worn by members of the clean-up crews at Fukushima Daiichi power plant , Mamiko Nakanishi was urging a general vote in Japan . Protesters , including several activists from the environmental group Greenpeace , held up a banner that called TEPCO "  the worst ever polluting company . " They called out to the shareholders : "  You can change things , get TEPCO to dismantle their nuclear plants . " Many of the shareholders had never been to a board meeting before . But with TEPCO stocks in freefall -- they are worth about a tenth of their pre-tsunami value -- the shareholders wanted to have their say about plans for the company in which they had invested . More than three months after the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , TEPCO is still struggling to control the crisis at Fukushima , the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl in 1986 . Three of the reactors experienced full meltdowns and continue to spew radiation . Recent efforts to decontaminate radioactive water that accumulated in the plant were halted because of continuing technical troubles .	Shareholders voice concerns for future of the company -- and nuclear energy But they reject a motion to abandon nuclear energy Many want Japan to close its nuclear plants TEPCO is still struggling to control the situation at Fukushima
We 're all familiar with the phrase "  waste not , want not , " but how well are we applying these words today ? For many of us , we buy more than we need , we spend more than we earn , we eat more than our fill . The consequence of excessive living and waste affect not only us , but also our global neighbors and future generations . Over the past two decades , food waste and obesity have nearly doubled at equal rates . The surface area of the average dinner plate expanded by 36 percent between 1960 and 2007 . Parallel to increased portion sizes , between 1987 and 2010 , the number of Americans diagnosed with diabetes almost tripled to 20.9 million . While we are responsible for our own choices , the results we are experiencing are n't merely a matter of choice . We are not genetically programmed to turn down excess calories when they are in front of us . Studies have shown that if our plate contains more food than our body physically needs , we will eat it without conscious consideration . A recent study shows 50 percent of all food produced on the planet goes in the trash . Even more disturbing , 90 percent of water consumed in the United States is for animal and crop-related farm uses . That means food waste accounts for more than a quarter of our total water consumption . In short , water that is needed for farmland and animals becomes a wasted resource when uneaten food gets thrown away . A study conducted last year analyzed the climate change and economic impact of food waste in the U.S. to calculate greenhouse gas emissions due to thrown out food . The results were appalling . It found that food waste in the U.S. exceeds 55 million tonnes per year , which produces life cycle greenhouse gas emissions of at least 133 million metric tonnes and costs $ 198 billion . But this is n't just an American stereotype played out . In Toronto , Canada more than 17.5 million kilograms of food is thrown out every month and in Britain , the government 's Waste & Resources Action Programme estimates that $ 17.5 billion worth of food is wasted every year . The way our food production system is structured , supplying demand , not need , has an exponential significance on obesity and food waste at all stages - supply , distribution , preparation and consumption . The cost of oil , fuel , energy and harvesting labor that goes into producing food all gets wasted when food from large portions goes uneaten and tossed . Though this may feel like a catch 22 , the good news is it is 100 percent preventable . A representative of the Grocery Manufacturers Association , which represents food manufactueres such as Kraft , Hershey and Coca-Cola said it best , "  there is no bigger opportunity for our industry to simultaneously address hunger and our environmental footprint than by reducing the amount of food sent to landfills by diverting food to food banks and food waste to beneficial alternatives like compost . " Opportunities pop up everyday that provide the chance to be responsible consumers . From going "  halfsies " with your portions to starting up your own personal compost -- the action needed to spur behavior change and reverse our global food waste epidemic is less challenging than you might think . Our personal decisions matter . The earth can not continue to withstand our excesses and neither can our waistlines . Practicing the "  waste not " wisdom consistently over time will have a profound generational and global impact .	Over the past two decades , food waste and obesity have nearly doubled at equal rates The average dinner plate size expanded by 36 percent between 1960 and 2007 In Canada more than 17.5 million kilograms of food is thrown out every month 50 percent of all food produced on the planet goes in the trash
CNN  -- LulzSec , the gleeful and secretive band of hackers who appear to be responsible for a string of high-profile and sometimes embarrassing Internet attacks , said it was disbanding . "  For the past 50 days we 've been disrupting and exposing corporations , governments , often the general population itself , and quite possibly everything in between , just because we could , " the group said Saturday in a statement posted on multiple websites . It did not cite a reason . If true , the collective 's final act was the posting of what it said were internal company documents from AT&T along with private data from other companies . LulzSec claimed recently to have attacked the CIA website , and took credit for hacking into the website of American public broadcaster PBS and posting a fake story saying the rapper Tupac Shakur was still alive . He was killed nearly 15 years ago . It is unclear whether LulzSec members played a role in the Sony PlayStation Network breach , where hackers broke into Sony Pictures ' website , compromising the accounts of over 1 million users , and the gaming company Sega , stealing the details of nearly 1.3 million users . But it posted what it claims is proprietary information from Sony Pictures and other Sony properties ' websites . It also claimed responsibility for bringing down the Brazilian government 's website earlier this month . When British police announced the arrest of a teenager suspected of hacking into systems and mounting denial of service attacks against a number of international businesses , LulzSec downplayed down his role in the collective . In one post , the collective seemed to suggest that by making its attacks public , it 'll push websites to increase security . But it also said releasing people 's information is sometimes worth doing because it 's fun . Analysts said the group appears to be some sort of spin-off of "  Anonymous , " the loose coalition of hackers that grew to prominence through their support of the whistleblower site WikiLeaks . But while Anonymous has its own set of moral codes and is largely politically motivated , LulzSec seems to be random . For every hack like the one on PBS , which the group said came out of anger over a documentary about WikiLeaks , there 's the cracking of a porn site -- and a subsequent public list of members ' e-mail addresses and passwords .	The group claims to have hacked the CIA website , among others It says it hacks websites to push them to increase security But it also says it does so because it 's fun
CNN  -- Ballot measures approving same-sex marriage and the recreational use of marijuana were approved Tuesday by voters in a handful of states , signaling a historical social shift by popular vote . Voters in Maine approved for the first time in history a measure that gives the right to same-sex couples to marry , while in Maryland voters also made history by upholding a new law allowing same-sex couples to marry in the state , according to CNN projections . A couple of percentage points were all that separated similar measures in Minnesota and Washington , initial returns showed . Colorado and Washington , meanwhile , voted to approve state initiatives legalizing marijuana , while Oregon voters turned away a similar initiative , projections show . Share your reactions to the election outcome "  The voters have spoken and we have to respect their will . This will be a complicated process , but we intend to follow through , " Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper said in a statement released late Tuesday . "  That said , federal law still says marijuana is an illegal drug , so do n't break out the Cheetos or Goldfish too quickly . " Even as voters returned President Barack Obama to office for a second term , according to CNN projections , a key component of his signature health care reform law was on the line in a number of states . In Alabama and Wyoming , voters approved measures to amend their state constitution to prohibit people from being compelled to participate in Obamacare , while early returns in Montana showed voters approving similar measures . Same-sex marriage wins first-ever ballot box approval The one exception appears to be Florida , where voters turned back a measure that would have prohibited people and businesses from participating in Obamacare . "  These laws may promise more than they can deliver , " said Jonathan Turley , a professor at George Washington University Law School . "  What the laws certainly do is to give state officials more of a basis to go to court and challenge the national health care law . " Voters nationwide were deciding the outcome of nearly 180 ballot measures in 38 states . That 's up from 159 in 2010 , but down from 204 in 2008 . Opinion : Five things Obama must do Voters in Florida , meanwhile , nixed a constitutional amendment that would have banned the use of public funds for abortions , according to a CNN projection . The campaign pitted the Protect Florida Taxpayers and Parental Rights , which was primarily funded by a large collection of Catholic archdioceses across Florida , against Planned Parenthood . Planned Parenthood spent $ 3.2 million on ads to defeat the measure in Florida during the week heading into the election . "  The people of Florida have sent a clear message that politicians have no place in a woman 's deeply personal and private medical decisions , " said Jennifer Dalven , director of the ACLU Reproductive Freedom Project . Election campaign ends with chess match in swing states Results for key ballot initiatives : Alabama Obamacare A measure that would amend the state constitution to prohibit individuals and businesses from being compelled to participate in any health care system passed . See how Alabama voted Arkansas Medical marijuana A measure to legalize the use of marijuana for medical purposes trailed narrowly with 89 % of the vote in , according to CNN estimates . See how Arkansas voted California Propostion 30 : Jerry Brown tax Increase More than 4.3 million voters said "  Yes " to the temporary tax to fund education , with 53.4 % of voters casting ballots in the affirmative , according to the unofficial results on the California secretary of state 's website . The measure sponsored by Gov. Jerry Brown will increase personal income tax for seven years for those making more than $ 250,000 a year . It also increases the sales tax by 0.25 % for four years . Proposition 34 : Death penalty By roughly the same margin -- 53.1 % to 46.9 % -- voters decided against a measure to abolish capital punishment in California and make life imprisonment without the possibility of parole the maximum punishment for murder . The measure would have applied retroactively to all death row inmates . Proposition 38 : Other tax increase A measure that would raise income taxes for almost all income levels for 12 years resoundingly failed , according to unofficial results on the California secretary of state website . Almost 5.7 million voters , or 72.6 % of ballots cast , disapproved of the measure that would dedicate revenue to K-12 education , debt reduction and early childhood programs . This measure was in competition with Brown 's Proposition 30 . See how California voted Colorado Marijuana legalization A measure to amend the state constitution to legalize and regulate the production , possession and distribution of marijuana for people age 21 and older passed . See how Colorado voted Florida Obamacare The measure to amend the state constitution to prohibit individuals and businesses from being compelled to participate in any health care system failed by a narrow margin . With more than 96 % of the vote counted , 52 % , or 3.6 million people , opposed the measure , compared to 48 % , 3.4 million people , for it . Under Florida state law , the measure required 60 % of the vote to pass . Abortion funding Voters nixed a constitutional amendment that would have banned the use of public funds for abortions , with the exception of rape , incest and cases where the mother 's life is in danger , according to a CNN projection . See how Florida voted Maine Same-sex marriage The effort to repeal a previous state law banning same-sex marriage passed . See how Maine voted Maryland Same-sex marriage The vote in support of a new law allowing same-sex couples to marry in the state of Maryland was approved by a slim margin . See how Maryland voted Massachusetts Medical marijuana The measure to legalize the use of marijuana for medical purposes was ahead by nearly 2-to-1 . See how Massachusetts voted Minnesota Same-sex marriage A measure to amend the state constitution to define marriage as a union of one man and one woman was shot down , with 1,485,606 voting against it and 1,379,572 voting for it , according to the Minnesota secretary of state 's unofficial results . See how Minnesota voted Montana Obamacare By a 2-to-1 margin , voters approved a measure that prohibits federal and state government from requiring the purchase of health insurance , according to the unofficial results on the Montana secretary of state 's website . Medical marijuana Initial returns showed voters agreeing by a wide margin to change the state 's medical marijuana law for a more restrictive version . See how Montana voted Oregon Marijuana legalization A measure that would allow the commercial cultivation and sale of marijuana through state-licensed stores as well as unlicensed cultivation failed , according to a CNN projection . See how Oregon voted Washington Same-sex marriage In a tight vote , a majority of Washington voters , 51.8 % , cast ballots to "  allow same-sex couples to marry , preserve domestic partnerships only for seniors , and preserve the right of clergy " to perform and recognize such marriages , according to unofficial results on the Washington secretary of state 's website . Marijuana legalization A measure that would legalize and regulate the production , possession and distribution of marijuana for people age 21 and older passed , according to CNN projections . See how Washington voted Wyoming Obamacare A measure to amend the state constitution to give residents the right to make their own health care decisions passed by a wide margin , according to CNN estimates . See how Wyoming voted CNN 's Jamie Crawford , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Adam Levy , Jennifer Rizzo and Robert Yoon contributed to this report	NEW : Maryland , Maine , Washington allow same-sex marriage NEW : Montana , Alabama voters approve anti-Obamacare measure Colorado , Washington voters legalize the recreational use of marijuana Florida voters defeat anti-Obamacare and anti-abortion measures
CNN  -- "  America 's Got Talent " found a magical winner for season nine . On Wednesday 's finale of the NBC show , magician Mat Franco beat singer Emily West for the championship . Franco won a $ 1 million prize and will get to headline the "  America 's Got Talent " show in Las Vegas . The winner searched for words when host Nick Cannon asked him how he felt before finally settling on , "  Un-freaking believable . " Judges Howie Mandel , Heidi Klum , Mel B and Howard Stern would probably use the same phrase for some of the card tricks Franco showed them this season . Last week , he surprised judges with a reappearing card , and during the finale he managed to relocate cards from some surprising places . Singer West may have lost to Franco , but the runner-up sounded just as pleased with the final decision . "  This has been the most unbelievable experience , " West told host Cannon . "  Thank you ` AGT , ' thank you Mat Franco for winning and taking on the world . I am very honored . Thank you so much for having me on your beautiful show ; it changed my life . " Indeed , West got the opportunity to do a duet with Cyndi Lauper during Wednesday 's finale . Their performance was n't the only shining set of the evening . Quintavious Johnson , 12 , one of six contestants to make it to the finale , ended the season with a winning duet featuring Jennifer Hudson . Hudson and Lauper were just two of the stars who showed up for the season finale : Ed Sheeran , Train , Lenny Kravitz and Pitbull also performed .	Winner receives $ 1 million prize on Wednesday 's season finale Episode featured performances from Cyndi Lauper , Jennifer Hudson and Train
