CNN  -- If , as the popular saying goes , the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result , the people who run our public schools fit that description . For several generations now , schools have been failing students the same ways over and over and expecting a different result . Teachers lecture , students sit and some listen . Class happens at the same time , with the same material , and at the same pace for everyone . This is an 1890s model of education -- teaching to the "  average " student , rather than the individual . In an age when most information and knowledge is transmitted digitally and is increasingly personalized -- think about how Netflix , Pandora , Twitter and Facebook work -- we should be able to do much better than that . Pioneering projects like Khan Academy , Udacity and Coursera are pointing toward a future of learning that is more like Netflix than the chalk-and-textbook system we have today . Each of them is using technology to help students learn at their own pace , on their own path , and toward their own goals . As Udacity founder Sebastian Thrun told me in an interview for my book "  Breakout , " "  I think we found the magic formula . That may sound pretentious , but the magic formula for me is high-quality education at scale . I think we owe students a personalized , high-quality experience . " New resources like Khan Academy have enabled creative teachers to integrate digital learning into the classroom and to coach students to offer better , more personalized instruction . This "  blended learning " -- having some teaching done by a teacher and some through digital learning systems -- is a revolutionary concept that when effectively implemented has led to impressive learning gains , especially among students who have traditionally underperformed . Now this model is getting a boost from a forward-thinking leader in Congress . This week , Republican Conference Chairwoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers , R-Washington , introduced legislation to set up five state pilot programs to implement this new instructional method Her idea is to harness the extraordinary progress that charter schools , along with other innovative public and Catholic schools , have had by combining teachers with personalized digital learning systems . To acquire technology and train teachers often requires an up-front investment . Rodgers ' bill pledges $ 25 million to states in the form of block grants to set up this program . And unlike most federal spending proposals , these grants actually are investments that pay off over time . The long-term cost of educating students , which has been rising exponentially since the 1960s , declines dramatically under blended learning . Taxpayers and students win with a little help from innovation . This model works precisely because it asks much of teachers and their students . Students ' skills are assessed daily or weekly through interactive systems like Khan Academy  which you can try here ; it 's completely free  . Future lessons are tailored to fit their needs . Then teachers , armed with detailed data about each student , can lead small group and one-on-one sessions to help clear up problems . If , for example , Susie is having trouble grasping fractions , a teacher would be able to identify her difficulty , often that same day , and intervene to make sure she does n't get left behind . Under the traditional model of education , students who are having trouble often pass from lesson to lesson , falling further and further behind until the teacher has the time to review the entire class ' progress . By then , Susie has probably become frustrated and tuned out . In the case of subjects like math that build upon previous lessons , this phenomenon can be devastating . Students can fall entire grade levels behind before anyone notices they have missed basic concepts that are impeding their progress . Educators with online tools , on the other hand , can usually accelerate the pace of instruction . In some cases , students skip whole grade levels while using blended learning . The results of this method of teaching have been astounding , especially in charter schools that have adopted it early , like KIPP Empower Academy in Los Angeles . Nestled in an impoverished neighborhood where most students receive free or reduced lunch  a proxy for poverty  , KIPP Empower has adopted blended learning and has seen progress that was once unthinkable . It recently scored an amazing 991  out of 1,000 possible points  on the California Academic Performance Index . That makes KIPP Empower the top-performing school in Los Angeles County and one of the best in the state of California . Traditional public schools have also benefited from this model . Oakland Unified partnered with the Rogers Foundation to set up a similar program in a handful of inner-city schools in that district . The results are far fewer discipline problems and much better scores . At one of the pilot schools , the number of students reading at grade level actually doubled . Promising blended learning programs are underway in settings as wide-ranging as Washington , D.C. , South Carolina 's Horry County Schools , and Middletown , New York , according to the Lexington Institute 's Don Soifer . In addition to these achievement gains , blended learning is also proving to be more cost-effective for taxpayers than the traditional model . The cost of educating each student declines in blended-learning environments , in part because schools require fewer teachers to manage the classrooms . With fewer discipline issues , students become more engaged in the material and as a result , learn better . Additionally , teachers have more free time to spend with each student . This makes classroom size rules obsolete , and since compensating teachers has been the main cost driver in education , it is a big breakthrough . Contact your member of Congress today and voice support for Rep. Rodgers ' bill to help more schools start blended learning pilot programs . It 's time our education system enters the 21st century . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich : Public schools are stuck in an outmoded chalk and textbook era He says a new bill encourages experimentation with learning blending teachers , computers Gingrich : Organizations such as the Khan Academy offer a new way to learn
CNN  -- Nearly 69 years ago , Theodore "  Dutch " Van Kirk navigated a U.S. B-29 Superfortress called the Enola Gay over Hiroshima , Japan , on a sunny August day . Once over its target , the Enola Gay unloaded the first atomic bomb dropped in war . A single bomb blast killed some 140,000 people and helped end World War II -- and pushed the world suddenly into the nuclear era . On Monday , Van Kirk died of natural causes at the Park Springs retirement community in Stone Mountain , Georgia , according to his eldest daughter Vicki Triplett . He was 93 . His death means there are now no surviving members of the Enola Gay 's crew who , by doing their jobs , became an early and integral part in the ongoing narrative over nuclear weapons . World War II 's atomic bombs While in the U.S. military , Van Kirk flew dozens of missions in Europe and North Africa . Yet the history books will largely remember him and others aboard that B-29 for the morning of August 6 , 1945 . By then , Van Kirk had flown about 15 missions out of England and about 10 more out of North Africa . He then returned to the United States with new orders , training "  primarily to make the rapid turn and running away from the bomb , " Van Kirk recalled decades later to CNN . They dropped the bomb dubbed "  Little Boy " around 8:15 a.m. "  You did n't see anything except a bright flash and the airplane , " Van Kirk recalled . "  You saw a white cloud hanging over the city . You saw the -- underneath the cloud the entire city was just entirely covered with smoke and dust , and it looked like a pot of boiling oil down there . " His first thought when the bomb fell was " ` God , I 'm glad it worked ... Number two , the thoughts were , ` This war is over . ' And that was good . That was good . ' " Three days later , another atomic bomb was dropped on Nagasaki . Japan surrendered soon after that , ending the bloody war in the Pacific and , in so doing , preventing a U.S. land invasion . Hiroshima atomic bomb memorial site attracts tourists , shares history with new generations It also set the stage for what would become known as the Cold War -- a nuclear arms race between the Soviet Union and United States that would go on for decades -- as well as concerns about developing nuclear weaponry that persist in places like North Korea and Iran to this day . Tom Van Kirk told CNN on Tuesday that his father "  felt no regrets about " the Hiroshima mission . At the same time , he said "  Dutch " Van Kirk 's life was much more than that . After the war , Van Kirk left the military , got his master 's degree in chemical engineering at Bucknell University , then had a long career working for DuPont . He retired in 1985 -- a decade after his wife 's death -- and remained active , eventually settling in Georgia near one of his daughters . He will be buried in Northumberland -- the central Pennsylvania city in which he was born -- alongside his wife , Tom Van Kirk said . Together , the couple had four children , seven grandchildren and three great grandchildren . "  We treasure the fact that we had my dad for 93Â 1/2 years , " said Tom Van Kirk . "  He was a great father . " People we 've lost in 2014	Theodore "  Dutch " Van Kirk dies in Georgia at age 93 , his daughter confirms He was on the crew of the Enola Gay , which dropped a nuclear bomb on Japan His son says "  Dutch " Van Kirk had no regrets about the mission Afterward , he had four children and worked for decades at DuPont
CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge kicked off a nine-day Southeast Asia tour Tuesday with a viewing in Singapore of an orchid named in honor of William 's late mother , Princess Diana . Diana never saw the orchid , which was christened the "  Dendrobium Memoria Princess Diana " a month after her death in a car accident in Paris in 1997 . William and his wife , Catherine , also had an orchid -- the "  Vanda William Catherine " -- named after them at Singapore 's National Orchid Garden , their first stop on a tour to celebrate Queen Elizabeth 's Diamond Jubilee . The royal couple also viewed the "  Dendrobium Queen Elizabeth II " orchid , named for William 's grandmother -- who has now ruled the British Commonwealth for 60 years -- on her visit to the country in 1972 . Orchid-naming is Singapore 's way of welcoming important guests . The National Orchid Garden is also home to orchids named after state dignitaries including Nelson Mandela and Margaret Thatcher -- not to mention celebrity orchids such as the "  Dendrobium Jackie Chan . " "  Singapore has a longstanding tradition of naming orchids after important guests , " said Poon Hong Yuen , the CEO of the National Parks Board . "  It is especially significant that we are able to name an orchid after Their Royal Highnesses , having named orchids after Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II as well as the late Princess of Wales , " said Poon . William and Catherine ' will also visit the Commonwealth nations of Malaysia , the Solomon Islands and Tuvalu on their tour of the region .	William and Catherine view orchids named for Diana and the queen in Singapore "  Vanda William Catherine " orchid named for royal couple at National Orchid Garden Royal couple on nine-day Southeast Asia visit to celebrate queen 's Diamond Jubilee
CNN  -- The scrolling list of online student activities for Tuesday , April 20 , lists a spring play rehearsal , a talk by "  famous photographer , John Fielder " -- and "  NO SCHOOL . " It 's a tough day to be within those walls . It was there , 11 years ago , that Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold embarked on a massacre -- shooting 12 classmates and a teacher dead and injuring 23 others before turning the gun on themselves . Columbine High School was forever etched into the psyche of America . The top news story of 1999 . An iconic shooting . An event prompted intense debate over gun control . "  A day that changed us forever , " as former President Bill Clinton said at 10th anniversary observances last year . Clinton , who was in the White House at the time of the killings , said he was personally inspired by the courage of the Columbine community . Tuesday marks anniversary number 11 , an odd-year milestone that millions of Americans will let come and go without notice . But for the survivors , for the victims ' families and friends , time 's steady march is not enough to dull the pain . The memories are still raw in Littleton , Colorado . Principal Frank DeAngelis attended a teary prom last weekend when Columbine crowned a king and queen with special needs . An act of goodwill and fraternity . An act exemplifying the human spirit . "  This , " DeAngelis told CNN affiliate KMGH in Denver , is what Columbine is all about . " In far away Dallas , Texas , Jordan Niland , 17 , said he is sure to pick up his telephone Tuesday . He will dial the number of Richard Castaldo . Castaldo , a junior at Columbine in 1999 , suffered five gunshot wounds to his chest , back , arm and colon that left him paralyzed from the waist down . Niland was a young boy then . But after seeing Michael Moore 's documentary , "  Bowling for Columbine , " he struck up a MySpace conversation with Castaldo . The two have been friends since . " "  The anniversary means so much to me , " Niland said . "  I have had the privilege to talk and get to know a survivor and to fully understand what really went on that day . " If people could personally hear Castaldo 's story , Niland said , they would stop to reflect on this day . Because such a horror , he said , should not be forgotten . And because life goes on . A Columbine memorial dedicated in 2007 , is sure to be visited Tuesday . But like the tragedy itself , the memorial , meant as a place of reflection , is incomplete , gaps running through it like the voids in people 's lives . The memorial park has posted a wish list to complete the peace it is intended to bestow . Hackberry trees , lavender mist , spirea , purple asters . And 24 columbines . Any variety will do , the memorial 's website says . As long as they are columbines .	Columbine High School will be closed on day of anniversary "  Day that changed us forever , " former President Bill Clinton said last year Memorial park has posted a wish list of items sought to complete it
CNN  -- At least 1,000 prisoners are on death row in Iraq , which now has one of the highest rates of execution in the world , the human rights group Amnesty International says in a report being released Tuesday . Samar Saed Abdullah is one of many facing execution in Iraq . She 's accused of being an accessory to murders . The courts that sentence people to death do not meet international standards , the report charged , and Iraqi authorities "  provide very little information on executions , and some have been carried out secretly . " It criticizes the Central Criminal Court of Iraq and the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal , which issue the majority of death sentences in the country . "  Defendants commonly complain that ` confessions ' were extracted from them under torture , " the report alleges . "  Defendants also complain that they are not able to choose their own defense lawyers " when they appear before the Central Criminal Court of Iraq . But Iraqi Justice Minister Dara Noor al-Deen Bahaa al-Deen , who said he says he is in favor of abolishing the death penalty , defended the Iraqi justice system , saying it is fair . "  As a judge , I assert that these measures take place with every crime that occurs . Of course , every defendant claims innocence and that the trial is unfair , but I am certain and reassured that -- especially now -- that any defendant , no matter what the sentence is , receives a fair trial and is given enough time for his testimony , that of the witnesses , " al-Deen said . "  Afterward , the court makes its ruling . If it finds that the evidence is sufficient that he/she committed the crime , it hands down the sentence he/she deserves . " Watch more about Amnesty 's report and a woman on Iraq 's death row " Trials at the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal , which tries former Saddam Hussein-era officials charged with crimes against humanity and other major offenses , "  have been marred by political interference , " Amnesty charges . The group says the trial of Hussein himself was subject to such interference , with the government dismissing a judge considered unlikely to support the death sentence against him . The former Iraqi leader was hanged in December 2006 . The report says that Iraqi President Jalal Talabani opposes the death penalty but has refused to block executions . And it quotes Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki as "  repeatedly " defending the death penalty . Amnesty International opposes it "  in all cases without exception , " the group says in its report . The report lists a wide variety of crimes that can result in the death penalty , including murder , crimes compromising state security , attempting to overthrow the government by violent means and damaging public property . When asked by CNN about pleas not to execute women on death row , many of them mothers , al-Deen said , "  For us , there is no difference between men and women who commit crimes . A person who commits a crime should be punished . In general , this ca n't happen now or in a year or two , but I hope in the future , the death penalty would be abolished , because I am personally in favor of life sentences rather than the death penalty . " Al-Deen said a request by him to waive the death penalty would have no effect . "  Even if I put in a request , this is a worthless request , because there is a law . As for abolishing the death sentence and replacing it with life imprisonment , that is an amendment of the law , and that has to happen through parliament . And parliament as the representative of the people decides if the punishment changes or does n't , " he said . Responding to a reference to "  hasty rulings , " he said , "  I do n't think the judiciary rushes to make a ruling , especially a death penalty for a convict . There are many severe sentences that were handed down , and when they reached the appeals court , they were returned back and changed . " Amnesty International provided CNN with a copy of the report ahead of its publication . The report appears to be based on media reports and information from the Iraqi Interior Ministry and Ministry of Human Rights . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	Amnesty International says nation has one of world 's highest execution rates Report says at least 1,000 on death row , executions are often carried out in secret Iraqi justice minister says he favors abolishing death penalty , calls justice system fair Justice minister says request by him to waive death penalty would have no effect
CNN  -- In one of the clinics in Arsal , a young fighter asks that we conceal his identity , going simply by the name Ahmed . Three years ago , when Syria 's revolution had not yet morphed into the brutal war it is today , the 20-year-old was still in high school . His ambition in life was to be a doctor , but a year-and-a-half ago that all changed . "  We reached a point where if we do n't fight , we will get killed , it was the only option , " Ahmed tells us , one hand rubbing against the bandages swathed around his waist . "  If I do n't fight for my country then who is going to ? " Ahmed was wounded during the fighting for the town of Yabroud , just across the border . "  It 's a strategic area , it 's a main access route to get the wounded out and the medical and other aid in , " Dr. Kasem Zein explains , as he checks Ahmed 's wounds . Pleas for mercy In pre-revolution Syria Dr. Zein was a gastroenterologist , hardly equipped to deal with war wounds ranging from bullets to severed limbs . The doctor is a familiar face , known to us in the media and the world from countless YouTube videos during the fighting for the town of Qusair . Often overwhelmed by the sheer numbers of casualties Dr. Zein would broadcast impassioned pleas for mercy , for help , but none came . He spent more than two years apart from this family . Over the summer when Qusair , due to an influx of hardened Hezbollah fighters fell back to the regime , Dr. Zein fled to Lebanon . "  It 's not just a war with weapons -- it 's a war on our soul , our psyche , " he says . "  It 's all death , but at least here it is slightly more gentle . " Increasing tensions Arsal was once a sleepy border town tucked amidst the mountainous terrain of Lebanon 's eastern frontier with Syria . The flow of Syrian refugees has seen the town 's population roughly triple , makeshift camps seeping into any open space or empty lot . Lebanon hit the one million registered Syrian refugee mark last week . The number is on track to hit 1.5 million , according to the UN . This in a country whose own population is 4.4 million . Aid agencies can offer little . The United Nations ' refugee agency , the UNHCR , says it only has $ 242 million of the $ 1.89 billion needed just for the Syrian refugee crisis in Lebanon alone . Some towns house more Syrians than Lebanese , and while many Lebanese sympathize with the plight of the Syrians , the strain being put on this tiny nation is unsustainable and tensions are increasing . Lives forever scarred Arsal finds itself in the crosshairs of the Syrian war , a Sunni enclave in Lebanon 's Shi'a Bekka valley -- Hezbollah 's stronghold . Hezbollah dispatched its fighters to battle alongside the Assad regime , its hardened fighters allowing the Syrian government to reclaim key towns and territory close to the Lebanese border , choking-off key supply lines for the rebels , and sending masses streaming into Lebanon . Lives lost , lives forever scarred , a population that hardly recognizes its homeland or in many cases even itself , thrown into the midst of unimaginable violence , adapting to survive . In one of the newest refugee camps on the outskirts of Arsal , under a rusty Ferris wheel , the youngest residents dart through large chunks of limestone . The men gather around us , angry , desperate , frustrated . "  Is this a way to live ? " one man demands . "  If we were animals the world would have more compassion . "	The Lebanese town of Arsal lies just across the border from war-torn Syria Since the Syrian conflict broke out , the flow of refugees has roughly tripled Arsal 's population A million Syrian refugees are now registered with the U.N. 's refugee agency in Lebanon The U.N. says it has just $ 242M of the $ 1.89 B it needs for the crisis in Lebanon alone
New York  CNN  -- New York Mayor Bill de Blasio , who took office 44 days ago promising to bring together residents of a divided city , was widely vilified Thursday for keeping the nation 's largest school system open during a brutal storm expected to leave up to 14 inches of snow in some areas . While millions of children in the region were given the day off , New York City public schools -- with 1.1 million students -- remained open , triggering an avalanche of anger from many students , parents and even one well-known weather anchor . "  It 's always a tough decision based on imperfect information , " de Blasio told reporters late Thursday morning . The mayor said the National Weather Service reported as little as 3 inches of snow on the ground at the start of the school day , with warmer conditions than in previous storms . Since 1978 , he said , New York City schools have closed due to snow just 11 times . "  At the time , " he said , "  we thought our children would be able to get to school safely . " On Thursday , attendance in city 's public schools was 44.65 % . Gov. Andrew Cuomo declared a state of emergency Thursday for New York City , Long Island and the Mid-Hudson areas . "  These regions are expected to continue to receive heavy snow that may accumulate at rates of around two to three inches per hour , which will make it difficult for plows to keep some roads clear . New Yorkers should stay off of the roads and remain in their homes until the worst of the storm has passed , " the governor said in a statement . On January 3 , with only three days in office , de Blasio closed schools when snow combined with frigid temperatures in the first "  polar vortex " of the year . But his administration was criticized for not canceling school on other days , including the January 22 storm that brought about a foot of snow to New York . "  There are huge number of parents for whom the consistency of the school schedule is absolutely necessary , " de Blasio said . "  They are going to work , they have no choice . If they ca n't get their kid to school , they do n't have another option . There are huge numbers of parents for whom their kid getting to school also means their child will have a good meal , and in some cases , two meals . And so , the fact is , it 's a very big deal to some parents . " 5 reasons schools hate snow days Schools Chancellor Carmen Farina , noting that the snow had mostly stopped in the late morning , said : "  It is absolutely a beautiful day . " Many others disagreed with the decision . "  I understand the desire to keep schools open . The only thing that trumps that is safety , " Michael Mulgrew , president of the United Federation of Teachers , the city 's teachers union , said in a statement . "  Having students , parents and staff traveling in these conditions was unwarranted . It was a mistake to open schools today . " The New York City Department of Education 's Facebook page exploded with angry comments . "  It was a mistake to open schools and mayor de Blasio and Carmen Farina should be ashamed of themselves for allowing it , " wrote Steve Caruso . "  It does not show concern for safety it shows stupidity !!!! " Snookie Cameron wrote : "  Maybe Farina should keep the schools open late for the kids to get dinner . It seems that school is n't for an education anymore but only to get food . It is not meals on wheels !! " Even NBC "  Today " show weather anchor Al Roker laid into the mayor on Twitter from Sochi , Russia : "  Mr. Mayor , I could never run NYC , but I know when it 's time to keep kids home from school . " When asked at the news conference about Roker 's comments , De Blasio said : "  It 's a different thing to run a city than to give the weather on TV , " he said amid laughter . "  How about all the parents and caregivers who have to scramble to get their kids home ? Is there no one there with common sense ? " Roker said in another Tweet . "  It 's going to take some kid or kids getting hurt before this goofball policy gets changed . " By midday , nearly 10 inches of snow had fallen in Manhattan 's Central Park , according to the National Weather Service . "  Are conditions perfect ? No , they 're not , " de Blasio said , adding that basic services were functioning . In 2013 , more than 21 million children nationwide had free or reduced-price lunches , or roughly 70 % of the total students who ate school lunches , according to the USDA 's Food and Nutrition Service . More than 23 million households received SNAP benefits , known as food stamps , that same year . "  So many families depend on their schools as a place for their kids to be during the day , a safe place where they are not only taught , they get nutrition , and they are safe from the elements , " de Blasio said . School closures announced with ` Ice Ice Baby ' CNN 's Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .	NYC decision to open public schools during blizzard draws wrath of parents City school system , with 1.1 million students , is nation 's largest De Blasio : "  We thought our children would be able to get to schools safely " Governor declares state of emergency for New York City , other areas
Haddonfield , New Jersey  CNN  -- Like any doting mother , Michelle Stilts wants her son , Dalton , to go to college , get married and start a family . But today , all the 15-year-old can think about is playing football . This weekend , he joins his teammates in Nebraska to play flag football at the 2010 Special Olympics USA National Games . "  When you think of sports , you think of Dalton , " Michelle Stilts said . "  He was probably born with a ball in his hand ... he loves any kind of sport . " Stilts suffered a brain injury after his family was in a car accident when he was only 21 months old . Unable to talk and paralyzed on his left side , he had to relearn everything . Throughout Dalton 's early years , his parents struggled coping with his new behavior . He had difficulty with his speech , trouble with paying attention , and he would often wander off in public . Accommodating his needs was n't an easy task with two other children , Shelby and Logan , at home in addition to Dalton , said Michelle Stilts . When it came time to attend school , mainstream public school classrooms were n't a good fit for his disability . The Stilts ' needed an alternative , so the search for a new school began . At age 7 , he was enrolled at Bancroft , a school for children and adults with special needs located in Haddonfield , just outside Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . "  I know he 's loved here , you know , he 's really given a chance to be a normal child , which is great for me , that 's all I really wanted for him , " Michelle said . "  I always wanted him to be respected , and accepted . " Tuition at the school can range from $ 38,000 to $ 42,000 a year depending on the needs of the student . However , in New Jersey , if a school district can not appropriately educate a student with a disability , it can find a placement at a private school like Bancroft . That district then pays for the education of the child . That financial assistance has been a huge relief for the Stilts . "  We would n't be able to afford the care he gets here , " Michelle said . Football has played an important part in Dalton 's growth . Playing sports allows Dalton to come out of his shell and be a team player , skills that will one day help him transition into society . While Bancroft does n't have a football team , Dalton plays with other Special Olympic athletes from the area and works with Steve Paul , the Special Olympics coordinator at Bancroft . "  He 's all energy , he 's a great player , he works hard at practice , he always wants be a part of sports , " Paul said . "  It 's everything that I remember about loving sports when I was younger , that is what Dalton is . " Dalton is one of 2,800 athletes who were selected from 600,000 from across the United States to compete in the Special Olympics . The family leaves Saturday to join Dalton at the National Games . Opening ceremonies will be broadcast live on Sunday , and the events will take place all next week in Lincoln , Nebraska . Dalton says he is ready to win gold . "  I like to play football because I like to be quarterback and running back , because I am the fastest on the team , " he said . "  I want to win . " His hard work at practice , and in the classroom , has paid off . He no longer needs speech classes and he is making progress with his attention issues and is a member of the student council . "  He 's always out to help students who maybe do n't get it as quickly as he does , and I think we all can learn a lesson from that , " said Bancroft 's principal , Bob Lenherr . "  Dalton is a very special young man . "	Dalton Stilts is competing in flag football in the 2010 Special Olympics He suffered a brain injury after a car accident when he was a toddler Football has helped him with confidence , as well as speech skills The 2010 Special Olympics USA National Games begin next week in Lincoln , Nebraska
CNN  -- Yasuni National Park in Ecuador 's Amazon region is thought of as the most biologically diverse forest in the world . Covering around 1 million hectares of rainforest in eastern Ecuador 's Amazon region , it is home to an abundance of plant and animal life . Dr. Kelly Swing leads the Tiputini Biodiversity Research Center responsible for cataloging the area 's amazing array of flora and fauna . Swing has worked in the region for more than 30 years . One of the biggest problems his team faced was spotting the plant life and animals in the deep forests , home to more than 20 threatened or near threatened species . The answer came in 2005 with motion-detecting and heat-sensing cameras , which have captured 28,000 images of many rare animals included curassows , ocelots and pumas . While many species may be barely visible , the biggest unseen threat to the area 's survival is from the rich resources of oil buried deep beneath the forest floor . Nearly 1 billion barrels of crude oil are thought to be under the northwest section of Yasuni , worth an estimated $ 10 billion . In 2007 , the Ecuadorian government made an offer that the oil would not be extracted on the condition that developed nations compensated them half of the money that the country would have earned through extracting the oil . The money , it says , would go toward social services for the local and indigenous populations of the area as well as to research into renewable energy technology . "  It 's something that will set an example for other areas that have the same condition that we have . There are about 9 or 10 countries that could use this example , " said Ivonne Baki , lead negotiator for Ecuador . Yet some believe that Ecuador is holding a priceless piece of the Amazon to ransom . Ecuador 's vice president , Lenin Moreno , believes otherwise . "  The Ecuadorian people are making the biggest sacrifice here because they are letting go of around $ 3.5 billion -- money which could be invested in the country 's development . "	Yasuni in Ecuador 's Amazon region is thought to be the world 's most biodiverse forest Scientists in the area have used motion-sensing cameras to track rare animals Threat to the area comes from huge oil reserves deep beneath the forest floor
CNN  -- African-Americans deserve reparations . Discuss . The idea of reparations -- that the descendants of slaves should be compensated by the national government for the wrongs and the legacy of slavery -- has always been controversial . When Ta-Nehisi Coates of The Atlantic wrote the June cover story , "  The Case for Reparations , " he set a traffic record for the magazine 's website . He provoked responses from across the political and ethnic spectrum . Some of his critics did him the courtesy of reading the entire 16,000-word piece . Others , particularly in the Twittersphere , reacted viscerally to the headline and to reactions to the headline . Through many of these responses , whether thoughtful or tossed-off , there 's been a certain thread of uneasiness ; a reflexive move to find reasons why reparation could n't be done or why it would n't be workable or fair . To me , this reflex is as interesting as the original argument . And it suggests that before America could ever actually do reparations , America would have to first be able to imagine the necessity of reparations . The greatest obstacle to considering reparation is n't practicality ; it 's a dearth of moral imagination . Coates makes a powerful and persuasive case . He describes not just the obvious injury that demands redress -- namely , slavery -- but also the way in which whites after emancipation systematically and over most of the ensuing 150 years built a nation premised on second-class status for blacks and on supremacy for whites . The obvious example is the latticework of code and custom that we call Jim Crow . But as Coates reminds us , white supremacy was not just about measures of outright racial subjugation ; it was also baked into measures intended to create wealth and opportunity , like parts of the New Deal , which contained many devil 's bargains with conservative Southern Democrats to exempt African-Americans . And it plays out in today 's criminal justice and incarceration regimes . What Coates recounts in painstaking detail is an un-whitewashed history of African-American citizenship . It comes as revelation only if you really did n't want to know the truth . Anyone black , by telling their family history , could have told you this history and anyone not black could have read about it . But his article is in some ways mistitled . Coates is not quite making a case for reparations . He 's making a case for a discussion of reparations . He does n't pretend to spell out all the operational policy choices that would have to be made to put reparations into effect . The closest he comes to a legislative recommendation is to tout a perennially neglected bill that Rep. John Conyers , D-Michigan , introduces every session of Congress , which calls simply for a public study of the possibility of reparations . This is n't a shortcoming of Coates ' argument ; it is its purpose . What we need to do is to study the issue in earnest . To have a hearing , in the deepest sense . To listen to the difference between Americanness and whiteness , and to notice the manifold ways that whiteness was  and is  an identity fabricated from the myth of blackness . To be sure , every ethnic group that 's not called white has experienced suffering in American life . But the experience of African-Americans is exceptional in its systematic , multigenerational , reverberating effects . And it 's exceptional in its centrality to the founding and building of our nation . No experience reveals more than the African-American experience both the hypocrisy and the possibility of our national creed . Does any of this answer the question everyone wants to rush to , the question of implementation and how reparations would actually work ? How to decide which people are called "  black " or "  black enough " to get compensation ? How to allocate reparations ? How to decide how much ? How to decide who decides ? How to begin the process without it leading to the unraveling of every aspect of institutional wealth , privilege and power in our country ? No , Coates does n't answer these questions . He asks for a hearing . And the point of a hearing on reparations -- and making it a civic experience as profound and prismatic as the Watergate hearing -- is not to get the American public to "  how . " It 's to get us to "  why . " For only when we understand why reparations are justified , even if in good faith we can not yet figure out how or even whether they could be feasible , will we have a shot at being "  beyond race . " Maimonides said , "  Teach thy tongue to say ' I do not know ' and thou shalt progress . " On a topic as charged as race , and as woven into the warp and woof of American identity as whiteness , the temptation is always to speak emphatically from fear or pain . But if more of us in reaction to reparations simply say , "  I do not know -- but I wish to understand , " then we will be making true progress .	The Atlantic 's June cover story about reparations generated strong reactions Eric Liu : There 's a reflexive move to find reasons why reparation could n't be done He says whether reparations are feasible or not , we should at least discuss the issue Liu : When we understand why reparations make sense will we get to "  beyond race "
CNN  -- At the 2009 Australian Open , French men 's tennis was the talk of the town . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , Richard Gasquet , Gael Monfils and Gilles Simon were being dubbed the "  New Musketeers , " a reference to the "  Four Musketeers " from the same nation who dominated tennis in the late 1920s and early '30s . Tsonga was the big-hitting , charismatic leader of the bunch ; child prodigy Gasquet , with his smooth one-handed backhand , was likened to an artist ; Monfils played defensive tennis like no other but also possessed the requisite punch on his strokes ; and Simon owned the rare ability to turn defense into offense in an instant . But five years on , that optimism has lessened . Emulating Rene Lacoste , Henri Cochet , Jean Borotra and Jacques Brugnon -- who collected 20 grand slam singles titles , 23 in doubles and helped "  Les Bleus " win six consecutive Davis Cup trophies -- looks out of the question . In fact , just one grand slam singles title would do -- France 's last by a male player came 31 years ago , courtesy of Yannick Noah . Given the grip of the so-called "  Big Four " on the men 's game -- and the performances of Tsonga , Gasquet , Monfils and Simon -- even that appears uncertain , although Stanislas Wawrinka 's surprise Australian Open victory gives the quartet hope . In Melbourne in January , some members of the French media lamented a familiar pattern at grand slams recently : Handfuls of French men appear in the singles draw but not many reach the quarterfinals or beyond . None landed in the last eight at that Australian Open , and none made the last 16 at last month 's Indian Wells Masters in California -- arguably the most prestigious regular-season tournament outside the four majors . "  I think it 's a mix of different feelings in France , " says Patrice Dominguez , tournament director of a men 's event in Montpellier and the former national technical director of the French Tennis Federation . "  Obviously the expectations were big ... big for a while . " When asked if the foursome have lived up to their potential , he replied unequivocally : "  No , not yet . I really feel like they have n't reached their maximum . " And yet , the path of the four might have been completely different . Novak Djokovic faced Tsonga in the 2008 Australian Open final , each bidding for a maiden major . It was Djokovic who prevailed , and the Serb subsequently posted one of the finest campaigns in tennis history in 2011 . Andy Murray and Simon share similar , counter-punching styles . Six years ago , they finished three places apart in the rankings and competed at the year-end championships . Murray beefed up and has since amassed two grand slam titles . Pals Rafael Nadal and Gasquet were born 15 days apart in 1986 . Gasquet has n't appeared in a grand slam final -- and Nadal boasts 13 majors . Like Roger Federer , Gael Monfils bagged the Wimbledon junior title . While Federer tallies 17 majors , Monfils seeks a first semifinal berth at a major outside France . "  Gael was probably the most gifted of the four , " Dominguez told CNN . "  He has everything . " Gasquet 's mental toughness has been questioned in the past -- something even he is aware of , though he has improved -- and he lacks an overpowering serve . Since gracing the cover of a French tennis magazine as an adolescent , Gasquet has rarely escaped the eye of the public . "  He 's like the baby brother of the country and the people have been babysitting him since he was nine years old , " Carole Bouchard , a tennis writer with French sports daily L'Equipe , told CNN . "  They love him . And they want him to succeed . At the same time , sometimes he gets on their nerves . "  It 's a love-hate relationship but more love than hate . " Gasquet , encouragingly , put together his most consistent season in 2013 and made a second appearance at the year-end World Tour Finals . Tsonga 's all-action game is deemed high risk , with Dominguez adding that the world No. 12 does n't win enough matches when not playing at his best . Injuries have consistently hampered the 27-year-old Monfils , who -- despite often preferring a defensive style -- at times seems more concerned about pleasing fans than winning matches . "  I think the public still waits for a lot from this generation , " Arnaud Di Pasquale , the national technical director of the French Tennis Federation , admitted to CNN . "  I think they 're waiting for a Davis Cup win and they 're waiting for a grand slam win . But we 're never far away . " Tsonga , Gasquet , Monfils and Simon are four of the dozen French men in the benchmark top 100 , so depth is n't an issue for France -- the other three grand slam nations of Australia , Britain and the U.S. have fewer than 12 players combined in the top 100 . "  We know how to build players and to reach the top 10 , " said Dominguez . "  After the top 10 and inside that , what is making the difference ? Not the federation or coach . It 's the real wish , investment you put in -- and that 's the individual 's desire . " For Patrick Mouratoglou , who runs an academy outside Paris and coaches women 's world No. 1 Serena Williams , the lack of a grand slam champion comes down to "  ambition . " "  I always say we are a great country to build the players , " Mouratoglou told CNN 's Open Court . "  The thing maybe we do n't have -- there are exceptions -- is the right mentality to raise champions . "  For the French players things are too easy for them . They make a lot of money in tennis quite early and I think we lack ambition . Maybe it 's not in the culture of France to have very high ambitions . "  Grand slam winners are people who have very high expectations , who simply have the mentality of champions . I 'm not sure too many French players have that mentality . " Di Pasquale paused before reacting to Mouratoglou 's comments . "  Is ambition lacking ? " he said . "  I 'm not sure . "  Today I think Tsonga wants to win a grand slam , Gasquet is showing more ambition , a more demonstrative side on the court with the crowd -- more rage and enthusiasm . With age , time passes and you become aware of some things . Things move on and you realize there are n't many years left . "  I think all of that will come into play . They 're going to have to react and say , ' I do n't want to stop here , not having won a grand slam . ' "  Lack of ambition related to the system ? It 's tough to say but it ca n't just be reduced to not getting the results that people want from the players . "  I think the ambition that we have is to develop a culture of winning . But there is also a side that is very personal . " Gasquet , twice a grand slam semifinalist , told Open Court he would "  fight " for a first major , and France 's Davis Cup captain Arnaud Clement is adamant that one of his charges can break through . Clement and Tsonga are two of the four French men to make a grand slam final since Noah thrilled the home fans at Roland Garros in 1983 . "  It 's going to be tough because tennis is strong in the top 10 , " Clement told Open Court . "  But we saw Wawrinka won . He worked a lot , he 's smart , and he did it . "  I am sure it 's possible for all my players , too . " The more realistic target , however , might be to capture the Davis Cup -- it 's a major goal for Gasquet and the other leading French players . The drought in the competition is n't 31 years but lengthy nonetheless at 13 . France is the favorite against Germany in the quarterfinals at home this weekend , and France versus Federer 's Switzerland is a potential blockbuster final in November . "  Beware of this generation -- they 're not finished , " said Di Pasquale , who beat a young Federer to claim bronze at the 2000 Olympics . "  I do n't think we can draw conclusions . I cross my fingers . "	France 's tennis federation has long been praised for producing players Twelve men sit in the top 100 , tying Spain and better than the U.S. But despite the depth , its men 's grand slam drought extends to 31 years Tsonga , Gasquet , Monfils and Simon do n't look like ending the skid after early promise
CNN  -- During election season , phones across the country ring with more unsolicited , automated calls than usual . So it 's especially timely that on Thursday the U.S. Federal Trade Commission held a Robocall Summit to "  explore innovations designed to trace robocalls , prevent wrongdoers from faking caller ID data , and stop unwanted calls . " A "  robocall " is an automated phone call that plays a prerecorded message . If you hear a live person and it 's a telemarketing , advocacy , or survey call , it could still be illegal if it 's unsolicited , but it 's not a robocall . Robocalls from political campaigns or get-out-the-vote efforts are allowed  and legal  under the FTC 's Telemarketing Sales Rule , as well as under most state robocall laws  except when made to cell phone numbers and a few other exceptions  . Unsolicited commercial telemarketing calls are illegal , and rampant , in the U.S. . According to new FTC statistics , this problem is getting worse , fast . In the last year , the number of consumer complaints about unwanted telemarketing calls soared 70 % to an all-time record of 3,840,572 during fiscal year 2012 . Fed up with the phone spam , over 217 million Americans have already added themselves to the National Do-Not-Call Registry . But this only solves part of the problem . Much phone spam comes from companies , groups and scammers that choose to ignore the law . Also , a large proportion of consumer phone spam complaints can not be investigated because of evasion measures such as "  spoofing " -- or hiding -- the originating phone number or caller ID information . To address the robocall problem , the FTC announced a contest at the Summit to find technological ways to curb illegal robocalls . The FTC Robocall Challenge challenges the public to suggest plans to block illegal robocalls on landlines and mobile phones . Ideas must include a technical proposal -- so options to , say , prevent caller ID spoofing would qualify , but nontechnical suggestions such as "  give phone spammers the death penalty " are not eligible . The winning solution will receive a $ 50,000 cash prize , as well as opportunities for promotion , exposure , and recognition by the FTC . Entrants retain ownership of their proposed solutions . If you 're interested in entering , the deadline for entries is January 17 , 2013 . The winner will be announced April 1 , 2013 .  Hopefully people wo n't think it 's an April Fool 's Day joke . For now , here 's what to do if you get an unsolicited commercial phone call -- whether a robocall or from a live person : 1 . Hang Up . Do not press 1 or any other numbers to get off the list . 2 . Consider blocking the number . 3 . File a complaint with DoNotCall.gov . It helps , but is n't necessary , to have the number from which the call was initiated . Remember that political and get-out-the-vote robocalls are legal , so there 's no point in filing complaints about these with DoNotCall.gov . However if these calls really annoy you , then you might consider complaining about them to your government representatives . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	The volume of illegal robocalls is increasing in the U.S. Federal Trade Commission held a Robocall Summit to address problem The FTC is offering $ 50,000 prize for the best idea for blocking robocalls
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain is prepared to send more troops to Afghanistan , the head of the British Army said in an interview published Friday . Britain currently has 8,300 troops in Afghanistan . Richard Dannatt , the chief of the general staff , did not say how many troops he would be prepared to deploy . Britain currently has 8,300 troops in Afghanistan . Dannatt told The Times newspaper that elements of the 12th Mechanized Brigade had been "  earmarked for Afghanistan . " He said there are no plans to send the whole brigade of 4,000 troops . "  If we 're asked for more and we say we can , it 's not going to be 4,000 -- it 's going to be something in between " that and the current troop level , Dannatt told the Times . The Ministry of Defense confirmed his remark . British defense sources told The Times that a rise of 1,700 to 2,000 was "  the uppermost ceiling . " U.S. President Barack Obama is expected to announce a new strategy for Afghanistan on Friday that includes sending another 4,000 troops to the country with hundreds of civilian specialists , senior administration officials told CNN . The troops -- which are in addition to the 17,000 that the president announced earlier would be sent to Afghanistan -- will be charged with training and building the Afghan Army and police force . The plans include doubling the Army 's ranks to 135,000 and the police force to 80,000 by 2011 , the officials said . Military officials told CNN earlier that the Afghan government had requested the additional troops .	Britain is ready to increase troop numbers in Afghanistan , army chief says Richard Dannatt told the Times up to 2,000 more could be sent Army waiting for formal request by U.S. government , he says
CNN  -- England may play host to the world 's most lucrative football league but the country 's national team is facing a fight to compete on the biggest stage of all . With just two months until the 2014 World Cup kicks off in Brazil , England manager Roy Hodgson laid bare the nature of his problems for picking a squad capable of challenging in South America . While the Premier League has gone from strength to strength and attracted some of the world 's most famous players , English football has stood still . The Three Lions has only reached the semifinals once since winning the World Cup on home soil in 1966 . Speaking at a news conference at Wembley Stadium , Hodgson revealed he may be forced to pick players who have not appeared regularly for their club sides this season -- claiming nearly 30 % of his squad will consist of "  players who when you see their names , wo n't be regular players in their first team and certainly wo n't be first names on the team sheet . " He added : "  If you go back a long time , that would have been unthinkable . "  In my youth , it would have been unthinkable for anyone to play for England who was n't a complete and utter star in his own team . " According to a survey recorded last season , just over a third of all players in the Premier League are eligible to represent England . The pool of players available to Hodgson has shrunk further following injuries to Arsenal 's Theo Walcott and Southampton 's Jay Rodriguez , who are both expected to miss the tournament . And while the talented trio of Everton 's Ross Barkley , Liverpool 's Raheem Sterling and Southampton 's Luke Shaw have all recently emerged , Hodgson accepts that England may have to get used to its younger players being left out in the cold . "  It 's a bit of a transitional period and it 's something us in England will have to get used to because some of the best players that we have as young players are at the top clubs , " he added . "  Because they 're at the top clubs in the country , they 're competing with the very best that the foreign market can sell to us . "  It 's harder for them because they 're competing with other world stars . " England was heavily criticized for its poor showing in South Africa four years ago after going out in the second round following a humiliating defeat by Germany . Fabio Capello , who coached that particular team , told CNN last month that England will never succeed at the World Cup because its players play too many games . While Hodgson accepts that Capello 's assertion has some truth , he refuses to accept that tiredness will derail his team 's chances of success in Brazil . "  Of course , you ca n't say he  Capello  is wrong in saying that but it 's a fact of life we can do nothing about , " Hodgson told CNN . "  Tournaments are played in the summer and played very , very quickly after a long season ends . We also can not deny that the Premier League is a more intensive league than many others -- it 's probably the most if I 'm brutally honest . "  We 've got that problem to deal with but all we can do is to accept it and try not to use it as an excuse . "  We will try to do everything we can during our time together to make sure we do n't treat everybody the same . "  Perhaps if a player has played more games than another or a bit more tired than another then maybe we can take that into account . "  But having said that , I 'm pretty certain that 's been done in the past as well . There 's no guarantee that will be the ultimate solution -- but it 's the only thing we can do . "	England facing struggle to compete against world 's best Roy Hodgson says his players will cope with ` tiredness ' Country has not won World Cup since 1966 England faces Uruguay , Italy and Costa Rica in group stage
CNN  -- When a 324-pound Chelsea Settles moved to Los Angeles , she brought a bikini-clad mannequin along to inspire her to lose weight . Now , as the first season of "  Chelsea Settles " unfolds on MTV , the mannequin in the 23-year-old reality star 's bedroom is nothing more than a functional statement piece . Doubling as a coat rack and guitar stand -- "  It 's definitely not what it was when I first started , " Settles says . And Settles ' reality show , originally marketed as a weight loss/transformation series , has progressed right along with her . The pilot , which focused on Settles ' measurements and eating habits , gave way to less weight-fixated second and third episodes about a college graduate trying to make it in a new city . So why mention her weight at all ? Failing to point out a plus-size character 's weight is like -- for lack of a better idiom -- ignoring the elephant in the room , one TV insider said . But once weight is discussed , storylines can unfold naturally , allowing viewers to get to know the person behind the plus-size label . That 's certainly been true for CBS 's hit show "  Mike & Molly , " which originally took heat for leaning on fat jokes . Now , in its second season , the sitcom draws laughs with family and relationship humor . "  Weight is so visual , it will always be part of the conversation , " said Marie Leggette , the editor and founder of The Curvy Fashionista . " -LSB- ` Chelsea Settles ' -RSB- is kind of breaking the mold . ... Executives will play the angle they know the best to see the interest . From that feedback , they 'll make the new ideas . " So is Hollywood evolving to be more accepting of the overweight ? It certainly appears that way . In addition to Settles ' show , "  Mike & Molly " star Melissa McCarthy is enjoying quite the ride . McCarthy not only won an Emmy for her TV role , but she also snagged the hearts of fans with turns in the hit film "  Bridesmaids " and a hosting gig on "  Saturday Night Live . " She 's also sold a script to Paramount and a pilot script to CBS . Not to mention her planned plus-size clothing line . Marshall Eisen , executive producer for "  Chelsea Settles , " said working on the Pennsylvania native 's reality show reinforced the importance of approaching a series with an open mind . "  The project evolved from where we began , " he said . "  After we started digging into Chelsea , and learning more about her -- her interests and where her story was going -- there was a lot more to talk about than just weight loss . " "  Focusing on who -LSB- Settles -RSB- really is as a person became the natural thing to do , " Eisen added . So , despite her tough personal trainer and waning insecurities , Settles is n't the "  Mini Ruby " people predicted she would be . Rather than letting weight dictate her every move , the series will begin focusing more on her transition into adulthood : Exploring a new city , breaking into a cutthroat industry , meeting new people and growing up . "  A strong segment of our audience is there right now , " Eisen said of the network 's demographic . "  She 's struggling to find her way with the same hopes and dreams all of us have . " Sound familiar , Lauren Conrad ? Though it was n't the network 's intention to create a more down-to-earth version of "  The Hills , " Eisen said , "  People are picking up on it now and I totally get it . ... It 's just a new way of showing a young woman trying to find her way , and trying to build a career in L.A. , in a somewhat similar field . " One viewer who was originally turned off by the pilot episode is The Big Girl Blog 's CeCe Olisa . "  She 's stuffing her face with fast food in the first five minutes , " Olisa said . "  Those shots are more appropriate for -LSB- a weight loss show -RSB- . Those shots do n't have a lot to do with fashion . " And to her defense , "  The Hills " was n't exactly rife with footage of Conrad eating chicken nuggets outside the drive-thru . But , Olisa said , plus-size TV characters wo n't always be associated with things like consuming copious amounts of fast food . "  Sometimes people do n't give the American public the benefit of the doubt , " Olisa added , noting , there was a time when people did n't want to see men and women in the same bed . Another new show , "  Big Sexy , " chronicles the lives of five plus-size women working in the fashion industry . It received mixed reviews when its first three episodes premiered on TLC in August and September . BET was just one outlet to pose the question : "  Is celebrating obesity really empowering or just undermining our health ? " Yet the show provides a more accurate portrayal of curvy women than most weight-loss shows , said Madeline Jones , a former plus-size model and editor of Plus Model Magazine . "  We 're going in the right direction with shows like -LSB- ` Settles ' -RSB- and ` Big Sexy , ' " Jones said . "  Plus-size women are just like everybody else , " she added . "  They have sex ; they date ; they have friends ; they 're married . ... The media portrays it as we 're living this horrible life . We do n't wear color ; we only go out amongst ourselves . " And Settles is happy to be part of the progression . "  You ca n't let your weight stop you from living your life , " she said , adding , "  I probably used to weigh myself every morning when I woke up . After awhile , I realized I was going to crazy town . This is not what it 's supposed to be about . It 's about personal growth and self-acceptance . " And that 's the message she hopes to convey on her show . "  It 's important to be healthy , but I also want to be sane . "	Source : "  Weight is so visual , it will always be part of the conversation " Despite her personal trainer and waning insecurities , Chelsea Settles is n't a "  Mini Ruby " EP : "  Focusing on who -LSB- Settles -RSB- really is as a person became the natural thing to do "
EW.com  -- A premiere date has been set for Rihanna 's fashion competition series , "  Styled to Rock . " Originally slated to air on the now defunct Style Network , the series will premiere Friday , Oct. 25 at 8 pm ET/PT on Bravo . Executive produced by Rihanna , the show will see 12 aspiring designers face off in weekly challenges , each tailored to a celebrity guest . Only half will earn the opportunity to actually show their design to the star guest , while the other half will face elimination . Pharrell Williams , model Erin Wasson , and Rihanna 's stylist , Mel Ottenberg , will serve as mentors to the contestants , while the celebrity guest list includes Miley Cyrus , Carly Rae Jepsen , KhloÃ © Kardashian , Kylie Minogue , Kelly Osbourne , Kid Cudi , The Band Perry , Ne-Yo , Big Sean , and Nervo . Considering the cash and prizes the winner will receive , viewers can expect some fierce competition . The grand prize includes $ 100,000 in cash , a fashion feature in Glamour magazine , and a chance to join Rihanna 's own design team . Will you tune in to watch "  Styled to Rock ? " See the original store at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rihanna 's fashion show will now appear on Bravo "  Styled to Rock " had been slated for the now defunct Style Network The grand prize includes a chance to join RIhanna 's style team
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The more often Americans go to church , the more likely they are to support the torture of suspected terrorists , according to a new survey . The Washington Region Religious Campaign Against Torture rallied on Capitol Hill in March 2008 . More than half of people who attend services at least once a week -- 54 percent -- said the use of torture against suspected terrorists is "  often " or "  sometimes " justified . Only 42 percent of people who "  seldom or never " go to services agreed , according to the analysis released Wednesday by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life . White evangelical Protestants were the religious group most likely to say torture is often or sometimes justified -- more than six in 10 supported it . People unaffiliated with any religious organization were least likely to back it . Only four in 10 of them did . The analysis is based on a Pew Research Center survey of 742 American adults conducted April 14-21 . It did not include analysis of groups other than white evangelicals , white non-Hispanic Catholics , white mainline Protestants and the religiously unaffiliated , because the sample size was too small . See results of the survey " The president of the National Association of Evangelicals , Leith Anderson , did not immediately respond to a request for comment . The survey asked : "  Do you think the use of torture against suspected terrorists in order to gain important information can often be justified , sometimes be justified , rarely be justified , or never be justified ? " Roughly half of all respondents -- 49 percent -- said it is often or sometimes justified . A quarter said it never is . The religious group most likely to say torture is never justified was Protestant denominations -- such as Episcopalians , Lutherans and Presbyterians -- categorized as "  mainline " Protestants , in contrast to evangelicals . Just over three in 10 of them said torture is never justified . A quarter of the religiously unaffiliated said the same , compared with two in 10 white non-Hispanic Catholics and one in eight evangelicals .	742 American adults surveyed on use of torture against suspected terrorists 54 percent of those who go to services at least weekly say it 's often or sometimes OK In survey , people unaffiliated with any religious group were least likely to back torture President of National Association of Evangelicals yet to comment on survey
Boston  CNN  -- With only a half-dozen witnesses to go , lawyers for James "  Whitey " Bulger have still not confirmed whether the reputed mob boss will take the stand on his own behalf . The delay has frustrated prosecutors who Wednesday told the judge they have the right to know whether they should be working on cross-examination or closing summations . On Day 33 of the federal racketeering trial , defense lawyers continued to raise questions about what the FBI did and did not do to prevent some of the murders Bulger is accused of committing , among them the death of Bulger crime associate Brian Halloran . Retired FBI Agent James Crawford testified that 10 days before Halloran and his friend Michael Donahue were murdered , he was approached by a woman described as having a "  close relationship " with Steven "  The Rifleman " Flemmi , Bulger 's crime partner . Defense witness criticizes FBI 's inaction on Bulger The woman insisted on total anonymity knowing she 'd be killed if Flemmi found out , telling the agent there were people in law enforcement on the Bulger payroll . The confidential informant told Crawford "  Flemmi was going to kill Halloran for being a snitch . " Crawford gave her his word he would not put it in writing . However , he did speak with a supervisor who said the information should be "  put on a back burner . " Ten days later Halloran was dead . The woman , believed to be Olga Davis , later approached the FBI agent asking for help finding her daughter Debra Davis who had disappeared . Debra was Flemmi 's live-in girlfriend . During the trial , Flemmi testified he lured her to a home where Bulger strangled her . Defense lawyers plan to recall hit man John Martorano to testify Flemmi admitted "  accidentally " strangling the stunning 26 year old . The defense also plans to show that Flemmi , not Bulger , had motive to kill Deborah Hussey . Hussey 's mother , Marion Hussey , testified at a deposition that Flemmi called his common-law step-daughter a "  slut , a whore , a prostitute ... doing drugs . " Also on the stand , retired FBI informant-coordinator Fred Davis . He testified that when he arrived at the Boston field office in the late 1970s there was a lot of "  paranoia " in the bureau . "  They were nervous other agents in the office were leaking information . " Key among the suspected leakers was Bulger handler John Connolly who would "  show up in my squad all too often , " said Davis who was also in charge of electronic surveillance . "  A lot of my agents began to say he was up to no good , " said Davis , testifying that Connolly had access to all the FBI files . When asked why he did n't alert his superiors , Davis said "  I did n't have enough specific information ... so I handled it man-to-man , so to speak . " ` Threats ' described in trial Davis said he was out with Connolly and other agents one night and did n't have enough money for tolls . Connolly apparently gave him $ 20 with the message , "  Agents in Boston should never want for money . " Davis also reviewed Bulger 's FBI informant file and found the quality of information "  worthless . " Davis says he felt Bulger should have been terminated as an informant , but did n't aggressively pursue it with his superiors or anyone at FBI headquarters in Washington . Soon after openly questioning the quality of Bulger 's information , Davis testified that corrupt FBI supervisor John Morris , who was on the Bulger payroll , moved the top-echelon files closer to his Organized Crime Squad . Davis could not confirm whether the Bulger file that he had in his hands was the one he reviewed more than 30 years ago saying , "  This file represents a lot more than what I saw . " Prosecutor Fred Wyshak seemed to take offense at the suggestion it was a different file : "  Is it your testimony that this is NOT Mr Bulger 's file , " he asked incredulously . Wyshak explained that Bulger 's file had been temporarily closed between 1978 and 1979 when Bulger was the target of an investigation and therefore not eligible to be an informant . Opinion : Just do n't call Whitey a rat CNN 's Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	Defense says a Bulger criminal partner was the one who wanted informant dead Testimony comes after other former FBI agents testify about 1980s Boston FBI corruption James "  Whitey " Bulger faces murder , other charges in a 32-count indictment
Washington  CNN  -- It might be one of the most intense rivalries in sports . It 's not the Yankees and the Red Sox , or the Cowboys and the Redskins , but the FBI and the Secret Service . Their hockey teams clashed on the ice Saturday night in their annual match . The two teams , made up of agents from the different organizations , have been playing against each other for more than 10 years . They raise money for different charitable causes for either FBI or Secret Service agents . This year , organizers asked for a $ 5 donation from attendants , with the money raised going to Keith Rile , a Secret Service agent diagnosed with cancer . "  The FBI is a family ; the Secret Service is a family . We work together every day of the year , and one day we come together to have this friendly rivalry , " FBI director Robert Mueller told CNN . "  We 're all here to support him and support his family " Mueller , who played hockey during his college years at Princeton University , faced off against special agent James Meehan of the Secret Service in a ceremonial puck drop before the game . The Secret Service scored twice and took an early lead , to loud cheers from the stands which were packed with friends and families of the players , as well as other employees of the two agencies . The FBI tied the game soon afterward , but they were constantly on the defensive . The match came down to the last minute of the first overtime period . With 58 seconds left on the clock , the Secret Service scored the tie-breaking goal that ended the game . The final score was 7-6 . "  It 's never an easy win , " said Todd Nassoiy , one of the special agents playing for the Secret Service team . The Secret Service also won last year , but only after a tense shootout . The FBI won the year before that in overtime . The match was played at the Kettler Capitals Iceplex in Arlington , Virginia , and organizers said all 2,500 tickets were sold .	FBI , Secret Service face off in annual hockey game Secret Service wins in overtime Organizers say all 2,500 tickets were sold
Washington  CNN  -- A senior administration official defended President Barack Obama on Wednesday as a decisive commander in chief ahead of next week 's release of a book that reveals an administration deeply divided over U.S. strategy in Afghanistan . "  Obama 's Wars , " by veteran Washington journalist Bob Woodward , describes a frustrated president who urgently sought an exit plan , only to be provided with options that involved increased U.S. troop levels , the Washington Post reported Wednesday . Woodward is associate editor of the newspaper . Woodward takes readers behind the scenes in the Obama White House through accounts of closed-door strategy sessions , private conversations , internal memos and hours of interviews with key players . "  This needs to be a plan about how we 're going to hand it off and get out of Afghanistan , " Obama is quoted as telling his aides as he agreed to a short-term escalation of 30,000 troops , according to the Post . "  Everything we 're doing has to be focused on how we 're going to get to the point where we can reduce our footprint . It 's in our national security interest , " Obama said , according to the newspaper . In an October meeting with Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Obama said : "  I 'm not doing 10 years . I 'm not doing long-term nation-building . I am not spending a trillion dollars . " A senior administration official on Wednesday downplayed the rifts portrayed in the book , slated for release Monday . "  The president comes across in the review and throughout the decision-making process as a commander in chief who is analytical , strategic and decisive , with a broad view of history , national security and his role , " the official told CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry . The official said Obama wanted concise answers to questions about the capacities of the Afghan government and whether a counterinsurgency strategy could be effective there . The official said Obama wanted to know exactly what kind of U.S. presence was required and what could realistically be achieved in the immediate future . Woodward reveals a president greatly at odds with top military advisers Gen. David Petraeus and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . Woodward writes that dissent turned into name-calling on both sides , the Post reported . At one point , Petraeus felt shut out and told an aide that he considered Obama adviser David Axelrod a "  complete spin doctor . " Another key disclosure in Woodward 's book is that the CIA is running a 3,000-strong Afghan paramilitary force . A U.S. official said the Counterterrorism Pursuit Teams were "  well-trained , effective Afghan special operations forces , " which conduct secret operations against al Qaeda and the Taliban in Pakistan . A CIA spokesman would not comment on the paramilitary force . Pakistani officials denied that CIA-trained soldiers were operating on Pakistani soil . Among other revelations in Woodward 's book , according to the Post : -- The U.S. government was unprepared to deal with a nuclear terrorist attack on American soil . Obama told Woodward in an interview : "  When I go down the list of things I have to worry about all the time , that is at the top , because that 's one where you ca n't afford any mistakes . " -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai was diagnosed as manic-depressive , Woodward said , citing U.S. intelligence reports . "  He 's on his meds ; he 's off his meds , " Woodward quoted U.S. Ambassador Karl Eikenberry as saying . A spokesman for Karzai dismissed the allegations . "  About this allegation that the president was on medication for depression -- that is absolutely false , and this is part of a campaign against the president 's personal integrity , " said Waheed Omer . "  The president is absolutely safe , healthy and sound and does n't take any medication for any illness . " CNN 's Pam Benson , Reza Sayah and Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	The book reveals the CIA is running a 3,000-man Afghan paramilitary force Journalist Bob Woodward reveals deep rifts on Afghanistan strategy A frustrated Obama sought an exit plan , the book says Official defends Obama as analytical and decisive
MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- The police chief in Cancún has been relieved of his duties and placed under house arrest while he is investigated in the killing of a retired Mexican general who had been the area 's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hours , Mexican media are reporting . A Mexican soldier guards the entrance at a Cancún police station where the military is investigating a murder . Francisco Velasco Delgado was detained by military officials early Monday and flown to Mexico City , where he was placed under 45 days of house arrest , according to the media reports . With Delgado 's removal , the military has taken over the Cancún police force , several newspapers reported . Cancún Mayor Gregorio Sanchez Martinez said the move was made "  to facilitate all types of investigations into the triple murder that happened last week , " the Diario de Yucatan newspaper said . Salvador Rocha Vargas , the secretary for public security for the state of Quintana Roo , will lead the police force . He said he will take all the pertinent measures "  to clean up the Cancún police , " the Excelsior newspaper reported Tuesday . Retired Gen. Mauro Enrique Tello Quinonez 's bullet-riddled body was found a week ago on a road outside Cancún . Authorities said he had been tortured before being shot 11 times . His aide and a driver also were tortured and killed . Quintana Roo state prosecutor Bello Melchor Rodriguez y Carrillo said last week there was no doubt Tello and the others were victims of organized crime . "  The general was the most mistreated , " Rodriguez y Carrillo said at a news conference . "  He had burns on his skin and bones in his hands and wrists were broken . " An autopsy revealed he also had broken knees . Tello had been appointed less than 24 hours earlier as a special drug-fighting consultant for Gregorio Sanchez Martinez , the mayor of the Benito Juarez municipality , which includes the city of Cancún . Tello , who retired from the army in January at the mandatory age of 63 , had moved to the resort area three weeks ago . Mexico is undergoing an unprecedented wave of violence that some have likened to a civil war . The government is battling drug cartels as the traffickers fight each other for control of the lucrative illicit market . Tello was the second high-ranking army officer to be killed in the area in the past few years . Lt. Col. Wilfrido Flores Saucedo and his aide were gunned down on a Cancún street in 2006 . That crime remains unsolved . The latest killings come as Mexico grapples with the highest violent-death rate in its history . Mexican Attorney General Eduardo Medina Mora reported in December there had been around 5,400 slayings in 2008 , more than double the 2,477 tallied in 2007 . There already have been more than 400 drug-related killings this year , according to some news accounts .	Mexican media says local chief put under house arrest for 45 days With Francisco Velasco Delgado 's removal , military takes control of police Mayor : Delgado 's detainment to "  facilitate all types of investigations " into murder Retired general killed after being area 's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hours
Vice President Joe Biden called on Native American leaders to continue fighting what he called an "  epidemic " of domestic violence on tribal lands and throughout the United States . Biden tailored the message of the White House 's "  It 's On Us " campaign against sexual assault to address the disproportionately high rate of domestic violence in Native American communities , emphasizing the need for bystander intervention and community action during the White House Tribal Nations Conference . Native American women face the highest rate of domestic violence and abuse in the U.S. "  It 's not about vigilantism , it 's about intervening , " Biden said . "  To me it 's the definition of manhood . It 's not standing by and saying , ` Well , it 's a family affair . ' " Biden 's remarks come as tribal authorities prepare to take on new authority in March 2015 to prosecute non-Native Americans who perpetrate domestic violence on tribal lands , which was included in the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act last year . The Vice President emphasized that it 's now up to tribal governments to use their new authority to "  enforce the law , prosecute and stand for the women who have for too long endured not just injustice , but indifference . " Attorney General Eric Holder , who spoke after Biden at the conference , said already three tribes are part of a pilot program this year that has charged more than 20 non-Indians in domestic violence cases and touted increased collaboration between federal officials and tribal authorities . Biden spoke passionately about domestic violence and even reenacted calls he said he heard while visiting the National Domestic Violence Hotline . "  The most horrific prison on earth is the four walls of an abused woman 's home . And far too many Native American women , for far too many , that 's a daily reality , " Biden said . "  I apologize for it taking so long , so many women damaged in the meantime . "	Vice President Joe Biden spoke Wednesday at the White House Tribal Nations Conference He highlighted the high rates of domestic violence among Native Americans Biden 's messaged tied into the White House 's ` It 's on us ' campaign
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The founder of one of America 's largest pizza chains has offered unexpected advice to his customers to limit themselves to only one or two slices . Pizza is not normally known for its health benefits ; thick , cheesy toppings push up the calorie count . During an interview on BBC 's Radio Four program in the United Kingdom , John Schnatter , said , "  you ca n't eat five or six slices . " He was responding to a question from presenter Adam Shaw about whether he was concerned about the impact of the British government 's anti-obesity drive on pizza sales . "  No . Pizza 's actually healthy for you if you do n't eat too much of it , " Schnatter replied , adding , "  You ca n't eat five or six slices but if you eat one or two slices it 's very nutritious . " The pizza chain boss had just finished telling BBC listeners that the UK market was a "  huge priority for Papa John 's International . " The company has 118 outlets in the United Kingdom , its second biggest market outside the U.S. after China . Sales in the UK jumped 60 % on Monday alone after heavy snowfalls were estimated to have encouraged around one in five workers to stay at home . Schnatter is in the United Kingdom for the annual franchisee conference , a marketing tool to encourage more small business owners to buy into the Papa John 's brand . While it 's impossible to know whether his comments have dissuaded anyone from investing in the company , BBC presenter Shaw suggested shareholders might take issue with his suggestion . "  I 'm not sure your investors would want to hear you tell people do n't eat too much of our pizzas , " he laughed before thanking Schnatter for his time . Schnatter opened his first shop in 1985 , after selling his beloved Camaro to buy his first pizza oven . There are now more than 3000 restaurants worldwide .	Pizza chain founder advises customers not to eat more than one or two slices John Schnatter made his comments on a popular radio program in the UK Papa John 's is the third biggest pizza chain in the United States
CNN  -- A Florida man is accused of strangling a family puppy , chopping it into pieces and cooking its ribs on the stove , Tampa police said . Thomas Elliot Huggins , 25 , was arrested Thursday after a family member called police . "  When officers arrived , they found the dog 's ribs cooked in a pot on the stove , " Tampa police said . "  The dog 's head was in the garbage . " Huggins had strangled the 5 - to 6-month-old puppy and chopped it into quarters , storing pieces in the freezer for future meals , authorities said . He was arrested on suspicion of animal cruelty . Animal control officials took the remains of the puppy . Smugglers drive Thailand 's grim trade in dog meat A national spotlight on animal abuse	Police say Thomas Elliot Huggins strangled and cut up a puppy When police arrived , they found the dog 's ribs cooking on the stove
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Suits were swapped for jeans and sneakers throughout London 's financial district today , as bankers heeded warnings to dress down to avoid the potential wrath of G-20 protestors . Bankers in London head to work in casual attire . Many city workers have been urged to dress down to avoid attention from protesters . "  Only about 20 percent of people probably just refused to dress down . Everybody else is in jeans , " said Jesse Feldman , a banker at French investment bank , Société Générale . All week banks and investment firms located in London 's City neighborhood have been advising employees to not dress in regular business attire . "  Staff are permitted to wear casual clothing -- jeans/trainers -- commencing March 30 . Avoid briefcases/branded bags/computer cases : Put materials in rucksacks or carrier bags where possible , " U.S. bank , J.P. Morgan told employees in an email statement last week quoted on City news Web site Hereisthecity.com . Employees at Rothschild investment bank in London were told simply not to bother coming into work at all today . Among those who did commute to the office , bystanders said that the bankers are still easy to spot , conspicuously reading UK newspaper The Financial Times or dressing in a uniform business casual look . "  On the tube this morning I thought it was ridiculous because all these bankers could n't have looked more like bankers trying to dress down , " Feldman told CNN . Instead of jackets , ties and Oxford shoes , polo shirts , khakis and loafers now fill the streets around the City and much of central London . "  I saw two bankers wearing matching baby blue sweaters , tight jeans and Church 's -- ridiculous , " Feldman added , referring to the up-scale brand of traditional English shoes . One Web site that covers news and gossip in the City has been tracking the banker backlash to the warnings . "  It 's a mixture : people are falling into two types . The banks and the funds are certainly encouraging the staff to wear casual dress , but some are determined they wo n't cower to protestors and are still showing up in suits , " said Vic Daniels , publisher of HereistheCity.com . On Monday , Bloomberg quoted one City professional , Graham Williams , 66 , who said : "  We 're not pansies ... most of us have played rugby or boxed . "  If any of those guys do get violent against us individually because we are wearing a suit , we will take action . " The site also offers humorous advice for bankers to respond to protestors by dumping "  large blocks of ice " to "  render them harmless , " and encouraging bankers to "  find your inner G20 -LSB- sic -RSB- spot . " Despite the jokes , precautions proved valuable Wednesday as thousands of angry anti-capitalist protestors converged on the City for demonstrations to coincide with the G-20 summit . By midday protestors had started smashing windows at a branch The Royal Bank of Scotland . Earlier in the day 11 people were arrested after being stopped in an armored personnel carrier . Thousands of police are continuing to patrol the streets in anti-riot gear .	Fearing protesters bankers dressed down for work in London today Banks and businesses in the City warned employees not to wear suits Some said bankers remained conspicuous despite attempts to dress casually "  We are not pansies , " said one defiant City worker , still wearing a suit
CNN  -- England and France set themselves on course for the quarterfinals of Rugby 's World Cup with their second wins of the competition in New Zealand Sunday . Fellow Six Nations side Wales also revived their hopes with a hard-fought 17-10 win over Samoa after their narrow opening defeat in Pool D to defending champions South Africa . Martin Johnson 's England saw off another determined challenge from Georgia 41-10 to stay on top in Pool B , while France beat Canada 46-19 . The French were troubled by the Canadians , who only trailed by a converted try after an hour before Damien Traille grabbed a breakaway try and Vincent Clerc crossed twice late on to make the scoreline flattering . Marc Lievremont 's team will have to improve against hosts New Zealand in Auckland next Saturday , with the losers likely to face England in the last eight . England were scarcely more impressive against a Georgian team who have impressed in the World Cup and were also in touch at halftime . But England pulled away after the break with Shontayne Hape and Chris Ashton scoring two tries apiece with Delon Armitage and Manu Tuilagi also going over . After the off-field furore involving Mike Tindall , who captained the side in the opening win over Argentina , England were looking for a big performance but Johnson was disappointed with their display . "  If we are happy with those standards we will go home early , " he told AFP . Wales were behind in Hamilton as they trailed 10-6 at the half , but were sparked into life by winger Shane Williams 's 67th-minute try , his eighth in the World Cup . "  We knew today was a must-win game , " said coach Warren Gatland . "	France , England and Wales secure vital Rugby World Cup wins Six Nations teams defeat lowly opposition after hard-fought matches France and England scoring second victories in the competition Wales edge Samoa for first win in New Zealand
Brad , Texas  CNN  -- Firefighters have made some progress in battling a spreading wildfire in northern Texas , but dry conditions contributed to a rash of new fires as well , officials said Thursday . The 101 Ranch Fire in Palo Pinto County had scorched 6,200 acres as of Thursday , according to the Texas Forest Service . The blaze is burning on Possum Kingdom Lake , near the town of Brad , about 100 miles west of Dallas . However , "  we feel much better about this fire today " as the blaze is now 50 % contained , said John Nichols , spokesman for the forest service . Some evacuations were lifted , he said . The flames have destroyed 40 homes and nine RVs , the Forest Service said Thursday . Firefighters were receiving support from aerial tankers and helicopters . Authorities are working on a re-entry strategy for residents , said Palo Pinto County Sheriff Ira Mercer , and they are trying to get the lake open for the Labor Day holiday . On Wednesday , evacuations were ordered in several communities on the north side of the lake after the fire charged over a ridge and approached a dam on the lake , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . The Forest Service pulled out of its command observation post , telling journalists and onlookers to get out of the way of the flames . Tom Hardeston was among the residents watching helplessly . "  My house is right through here , though it may be gone , " he told WFAA . Nearby ranchers battled to save their herds from the encroaching fire . "  I 'm just moving them from pasture to pasture , " Cindi McCoy told WFAA , referring to her livestock . "  As one pasture burns , I 'm moving them back to that one and bring  ing  them back around . " The Forest Service responded on Wednesday to 17 new fires burning a total of 4,146 acres . The largest of those is the Hornets Tank Fire , which had burned 3,000 acres and was 40 % contained Thursday . It was burning in Briscoe County near Palo Duro Canyon , the nation 's second-largest canyon behind the Grand Canyon . In addition , the Legacy Fire had burned 3,400 acres in Howard County and was 10 % contained Thursday , the Forest Service said . The blaze threatens numerous structures , but did not show much growth on Wednesday . The weather forecast continued to predict mostly dry weather for the area , with high temperatures from the mid-90s into the 100s , the Forest Service said . Texas is experiencing the worst fire season in state history . Since fire season began last November , a record 3.5 million acres have burned . Hot and dry weather combined with a historic drought have made conditions ripe for rapid fire growth . In the past seven days , the Forest Service has responded to 224 fires burning a combined 31,541 acres . Meanwhile , in neighboring Oklahoma , firefighters were battling hot spots Thursday from a wildfire in northeast Oklahoma City , Fire Chief Keith Bryant said . National Guard helicopters were assisting , Bryant said . The blaze was one of two large brush fires that had covered more than 16 square miles on the city 's north and south sides Wednesday , forcing some evacuations and closure of Interstate 40 and the Turner Turnpike . Both roads were later reopened , CNN affiliate KOCO said . Thursday is "  day three of very poor fire conditions for us , " said David Barnes , Oklahoma County Emergency Manager . Firefighters , including some from around the state , are "  kind of ragged , " he said . Barnes did not have an estimate on how many homes were lost on the city 's north side . On Tuesday , a dozen were lost in that blaze . Fighting the south side fire "  went very well for us , " he said . Three or four barns were lost , he said , along with one mobile home and one abandoned home . The record-setting heat and drought plaguing Texas and Oklahoma -- as well as a heat wave experienced by other states -- result from abnormally strong high pressure over the Atlantic and Pacific . The high pressure keeps the jet stream , typically a source of cooler air and precipitation , to the north , while winds funnel hot , tropical air into the south-central United States , according to NASA , which released satellite data Wednesday showing the phenomenon during July . But the conditions persist , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . "  The ridge of high pressure aloft refuses to release its grip . There are some subtle signs that it may weaken into next week and allow a tropical system to move into " southeastern Texas , he said . "  This would have the potential to bring some very significant and beneficial rains to that area . But it looks like Oklahoma is going to remain high and dry . "	The 101 Ranch Fire is 50 % contained Some evacuations have been lifted , an official says The Texas Forest Service battled 17 new fires on Wednesday Firefighters still battling hot spots in Oklahoma City
CNN  -- Formula One is taking another step in its techno evolution this year , with major rule changes meaning that the season could be more unpredictable than it has been for a long time . Sebastian Vettel 's hopes of a fifth consecutive world drivers ' title appear very much in the balance , with his previously all-conquering Red Bull team struggling for reliability during preseason testing . However , the sign of a true champion is the ability to cope with change and innovate accordingly -- something the Austrian marque has done better than any other in recent seasons . Indeed , the 64 years of F1 history have been marked by moments of design genius which have changed the elite motorsport , at least until the next maverick idea came along . Click through the gallery above to discover some of the seminal F1 cars that broke through the barriers of conventional thinking . Which are your favorites ? Have your say in the comments box below or continue the conversation @WorldSportCNN and on Facebook .	The 2014 Formula One season begins this weekend in Australia Teams have been battling to get ready due to major rule changes World champion Sebastian Vettel has struggled in preseason testing His Red Bull team is seeking a fifth successive championship double
CNN  Ukraine 's military said Wednesday that 80 % of Ukrainian armed forces have now pulled out of a strategic railroad hub that 's been the focus of bitter fighting with pro-Russian separatists . The two sides have been battling for weeks for control of Debaltseve , and continued conflict there has undermined a truce that apparently went into effect Sunday , raising concerns it is all but dead . The ramifications for the West are huge because the 10-month-long conflict in eastern Ukraine has hiked tensions with Russia to a level not seen since the end of the Cold War , affecting trade and raising the specter of Russian expansion into Eastern Europe . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh called the loss of Debaltseve a huge blow to the Ukrainian government and a win for the separatist militants , who regarded it already as their territory when the front lines for the ceasefire were drawn . It 's not yet clear how Kiev will respond . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko , in a taped statement , said Ukrainian armed forces in the area had left Debaltseve according to plan and that Kiev was waiting for two remaining columns to pull back to the new defensive line . "  Debaltseve was under our control , there was no encirclement , and our troops left the area in a planned and organized manner with all the heavy weaponry , " he said , according to his office . Poroshenko said in his conversations with U.S. and European Union leaders he had called for "  a firm reaction from the world to Russia 's brutal violation of the Minsk agreements , " referring to the ceasefire agreed upon in Belarus . The President , wearing a camouflage jacket , said he was on his way to the front line to meet with some of the soldiers who have pulled back . "  I will be honored to shake their hands , " he said . Ukrainian defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko told a Kiev news conference that the "  organized retreat " from Debaltseve should be complete "  within hours . " The official news agency of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People 's Republic , DAN , earlier quoted separatists as saying there had been a large handover of weapons to the separatist forces in Debaltseve . CNN 's Paton Walsh , who is near Debaltseve , said deserted roads in the area are strewn with the wreckage of what , only hours earlier , were Ukrainian military positions . A CNN team passed a checkpoint that had been obliterated as well as an armored personnel carrier that seemed to have been hit by a large explosion . What appeared to be the bodies of two Ukrainian soldiers could be seen there . Only kilometers away from Debaltseve , the kind of intense shelling that would be expected with bitter fighting could no longer be heard . It 's not clear where the civilians who were trapped by the conflict will go now , Paton Walsh said . The separatists have said they may try to evacuate them later , he said , but they would have to pass through areas that are still contested . Speaking after news of the withdrawal , NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg urged Russia to withdraw its forces from eastern Ukraine . "  I urge Russia to withdraw all its forces from eastern Ukraine , to stop all its support for the separatists and to respect the Minsk agreement ... and to also use all its influence on the separatists to make them respect the ceasefire , " he told reporters in Riga , Latvia . Russia has steadfastly denied allegations by Kiev and the West that it is sending heavy weaponry and troops over the border into eastern Ukraine . Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told a news conference in Moscow that Russian President Vladimir Putin had tried to highlight the danger to thousands of Ukrainian troops encircled in Debaltseve before the ceasefire agreement was signed , but that Poroshenko had denied they were trapped . The main goal now must be to save the troops ' lives , he said . Lavrov suggested that outside Debaltseve , the weekend ceasefire had taken hold . "  Across all conflict lines we can see hostilities have ceased and heavy armor started to be moved , " he said . He urged Kiev and the West not to try to use the situation in Debaltseve as "  an excuse to derail the process , " saying such reasoning had been used in the past to hinder peace efforts . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which is tasked with monitoring the ceasefire and a supposed withdrawal of heavy weapons by both sides to create a buffer zone , has not been able to gain access to Debaltseve because of the continued conflict . The chief monitor of the OSCE monitoring mission in Ukraine , Ertugrul Apakan , said Tuesday that he was "  profoundly disturbed " by reports from the town . His monitors plan to try to gain access again Wednesday . "  I am especially concerned about the civilian population of the town , " Apakan said . "  The sides have a duty to them as well and to each other to adhere strictly to the ceasefire . "  I condemn any attempts to create new facts on the ground , and so to change the basis on which the latest package of measures has been agreed . " He pointed the finger at the separatist leaders in Donetsk and Luhansk , saying that they had effectively denied the OSCE monitors access to Debaltseve , and urged them to end their offensive and allow "  unfettered access . " EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini said Wednesday that the separatists ' actions in Debaltseve were "  a clear violation of the ceasefire " and called for the OSCE observers to be allowed in . "  The separatists must stop all military activities . Russia and the separatists have to immediately and fully implement the commitments agreed to in Minsk , " she said . "  The EU stands ready to take appropriate action in case the fighting and other negative developments in violation of the Minsk agreements continue . " Diplomats in New York scrambled Tuesday to shore up the shaky ceasefire agreement , hammered out by the leaders of Ukraine , Russia , France and Germany last week in Minsk . The U.N. Security Council unanimously approved a resolution calling on all parties to abide by the truce , and issued a statement expressing "  grave concern at the continued fighting in and around Debaltseve , Ukraine , which has resulted in numerous civilian casualties . " In a call with Poroshenko , U.S. Vice President Joe Biden warned that if Russia continues to violate the Minsk agreements , "  the costs to Russia will rise , " according to a White House statement . Lavrov dismissed Biden 's words as "  just another example of how the American position is not constructive . " In the beleaguered village of Shyrokyno , Ukrainian forces are struggling to keep control of territory . Mortar shelling and small arms battles broke out in Shyrokyno on Wednesday morning . Two Ukrainian soldiers were injured , Dmytro Chalov , a spokesman for Ukraine 's army in the Mariupol sector , told CNN . "  Right now , only about a third of the village is under our control , " a machine gunner named Yury told CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen a day earlier . Oleg Shiryayev , commander of Ukraine 's East Corpus battalion , said the ceasefire "  is a farce . " "  The fighting is continuing now the way it did before , " Shiryayev told Pleitgen . "  They continue to attack us , shell us ; they use artillery , mortars . " But it 's impossible to tell which side is responsible for breaking the ceasefire in Shyrokyno . To some residents , it does n't matter . "  The fighting is very heavy . All the windows  of  our house are broken , " one woman said . "  It is very terrifying . We saved all our lives to buy our house , and now we have nothing . " CNN 's Lindsay Isaac , Nick Paton Walsh , Emma Burrows , Holly Yan , Khushbu Shah , Claudia Rebaza and Diane Ruggiero contributed to this report , as did journalists Victoria Butenko and Azad Safarov .	NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg urges Russia to "  withdraw all its forces from eastern Ukraine " Ukraine 's military says 80 % of its armed forces have now withdrawn from Debaltseve Ukraine leader says forces are pulling back , urges world to use tough response to Russia
CNN  -- "  Mittens do n't clap , " is how California-based cowbell importer Elisabeth Halvorson explains it . And if you are the proud owner of a cowbell in North America , chances are it passed through her hands en-route to the U.S. "  Bells have been used , especially in downhill skiing , for a long time . It started in Switzerland , where in summer the cows all walk around the mountains with bells on , " added Halvorson . "  But in winter they are in barns , and the bells are hung up . All the farmers were also the ski racers in the old days , so their families went in the barns and grabbed the bells . "  Olympians have told me that when they 're at the bottom of the hill , they can hear a little shouting but they can really hear the cowbells . " Winter Olympic icon Watch any ski race on television and you will hear the same dull , persistent background clanging . Turn up in person and dull is the wrong word : stand in the right  wrong ?  place and it 's more a cacophony . Already steeped in Alpine history , cowbells have become a global success and Winter Olympic icon over the last two decades . Halvorson got into the business ahead of the Salt Lake City Winter Games of 2002 , where the golden , oblong bells became a sought-after souvenir . "  It 's really a European cultural thing that , in the past 15 years or so , has grown here in the States , " she told CNN . "  If the Swiss are coming to an event they 'll bring really big bells , a foot high or more . Belarus has some good bells too , and they come with sheepskins on . "  How many do we sell ? I quit counting when we reached 70 tons -- and that was before the 2002 Games . " Halvorson imports bells manufactured in Norway by a small family business Moen Bjøllefabrikk , based in a factory south-west of Oslo . "  My grandfather started it in 1922 , " says head of the company Lena Alette Moen Grude . "  He began producing bells for his neighbors ' domestic animals and sheep . " The company has changed with the times -- it now makes GPS tracking devices for livestock -- but when a Winter Olympics is within sight , cowbells become their hottest commodity by far . "  We produce approximately 30,000 bells each year , " says Moen Grude . "  For us , it started before the Winter Olympics in Lillehammer in 1994 . The fans saw it as the only souvenir that let them take the spirit of the Olympics back home . "  For the Salt Lake City Olympics , we produced 68,000 bells -- more than two years ' production -- in two months . When there is a Winter Olympics , it dominates our company . "  I remember producing the bells for Salt Lake City , working late at night and listening to the Games on the radio . I could hear the bells being rung in America as I was engraving them in Norway . That was special . " Changing fabric Like brass bands , or singing at football matches , the ting-a-ling sensation of a cowbell feels warm and traditional -- part of the very fabric of sport . But that fabric is changing . Where once making noise at events was the responsibility of the fans , clubs and venues increasingly see the atmosphere as theirs to generate , maintain -- and police . Go to most major sporting events in 2013 and the ambiance will be provided by vast , booming speaker systems . In a world of YouTube , endless TV channels and bewildering freedom of entertainment choice , sports reach out and grab their audience by the ears . So is the cowbell a relic of an age when fans were left to their own devices ? "  Sport now sells music and music sells sport , " says academic Anthony Bateman , who researches the relationship between the two at England 's De Montfort University in Leicester . "  The links are getting stronger and stronger and that is partly commercial . "  Music is pumped out to encourage chanting and singing and there is a sense that , for example , football clubs are intruding into what was once a fairly spontaneous part of fan culture . " Records of chanting at football matches go back to the 19th Century , with famous songs such as Portsmouth 's "  Pompey Chimes " and Norwich 's "  On The Ball City " dating to the late 1800s . A century earlier , says Bateman , early books on cricket described a "  rambunctious crowd culture , a little like the  present-day England supporters '  Barmy Army " . Contrast that with an example from 2004 , he says . "  The Premier League actually paid someone  Birmingham City fan Jonny Hurst  $ 16,000 to write chants for different clubs . "  People said that typified the sterile , corporate atmosphere -- supporters are not trusted to come up with their own songs any more . It was an organic relationship in the past , and now things seem terribly forced . " Indoor sports arenas , in particular , now batter occupants with wall-to-wall music during stoppages in play . Extreme outdoor pursuits emerged hand-in-hand with a youth culture of music and video , while football teams have been known to play recordings of chants to get a crowd going as sports establish which techniques work , and which simply alienate their fanbase . "  Sound is one way by which sports are now constantly reinventing themselves , " concludes Bateman . Cowbell in vogue Yet diehard ski race fans still stand on a slope and ring bells from a small Norwegian factory , in the tradition of Alpine farmers . And that tradition spreads by the month . Moen Grude recently packed off a shipment of bells with Norwegian fans heading to the European Handball Championships . Cycling and triathlon are increasingly the domain of the cowbell . Tennis racket manufacturers gave away branded versions at the U.S. Open . Halvorson denies any suggestion this last example is a sign that even the cowbell can go corporate . "  What 's happening is they 're becoming collectible . A guy once called me , saying : ` My wife and I just got divorced . The wife got the cowbells . Do you happen to have this one ? This one ? How about this one ? ' "  They did n't make a cowbell for Nagano but they did one for the Nagano Paralympics , then for Lillehammer , Salt Lake , Torino and Vancouver . The Vancouver one is very hard to find . "  But what we sell is fun . That 's what we sell . A cowbell is simply an interaction between athlete and spectator . "	Cowbells represent a defiant clanging in a world of corporate glitz World Cup skiing season brings with it sound of bells on slopes of Europe and North America Noise has become part of global entertainment industry that is 21st century sport It grew from Alpine traditions where farmers would take bells along for winter ski racing
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Leon Panetta , chief of staff in President Bill Clinton 's White House , will be President-elect Barack Obama 's choice to be CIA director , two Democratic officials told CNN on Monday . Leon Panetta , who has a strong background in economics , was chief of staff for President Bill Clinton . The officials also said retired Adm. Dennis Blair , who formerly headed the U.S. Navy 's Pacific Command , will be tapped as director of national intelligence . Panetta , 70 , has had a long political career , beginning in 1966 when he served as a legislative assistant to U.S. Sen. Thomas H. Kuchel . R-California . He was elected to the House of Representatives in 1977 , serving California 's 16th  now 17th  District until Clinton appointed him to head the Office of Budget and Management in 1993 . He was chief of staff from 1994 to 1997 . Panetta and his wife , Sylvia , founded and co-direct the Leon and Sylvia Panetta Institute for Public Policy at California State University , which provides study opportunities for students there and at several other schools . He serves on several boards and committees , and lectures internationally on economics . With a strong background in economics , Panetta has little hands-on experience in intelligence . But he is known as a strong manager with solid organizational skills . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , who will be the new chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said she had not been told in advance of Panetta 's selection . "  My position has consistently been that I believe the agency is best served by having an intelligence professional in charge at this time , " the California Democrat said . But Sen. Ron Wyden , a senior member of the Intelligence Committee , said he was consulted on the pick and praised Panetta . "  I believe he has the skills to usher in a new era of accountability at the nation 's premier intelligence agency , " said Wyden , D-Oregon . "  For too long our nation 's intelligence community has operated under a policy of questionable effectiveness and legality in which consulting two members of the Senate Intelligence Committee counted as ` consulting with Congress . ' " Sen. Kit Bond , R-Missouri , the ranking member of the Intelligence Committee , also questioned Panetta 's lack of intelligence experience , as did outgoing committee chairman Sen. Jay Rockefeller , D-West Virginia . Rep. Pete Hoekstra , the ranking Republican on the House Intelligence Committee , would n't comment until Obama makes an announcement , but his spokesman said that Hoekstra "  has called for a new direction and a change in the culture a the CIA for some time . " "  Whether it is Leon Panetta or someone else , it is important the agency move in a new direction , " Jamal Ware said . Blair , 61 , was a 1968 graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy and attended Oxford University in Britain as a Rhodes scholar at the same time as Clinton . Blair retired from the Navy in 2002 . He was the CIA 's first associate director of military support and served on the National Security Council . He has been sharply critical of U.S. policy in terms of strategic long-term planning . iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Obama 's cabinet picks "  I am in awe of the sophisticated strategies that American politicians can devise and pursue over many years , " he told a House panel in July . "  They involve very public activities -- speeches , programs , alliances -- but also backroom deals , and stratagems , tactical flexibility but strategic constancy , investment in intellectual and organizational capabilities that will not pay off for years . "  I have yet to see these same brilliant politicians come up with similar strategies to advance the national interest when they come into national office . Our national strategies show little of the depth , brilliance and effectiveness of the domestic political strategies this country produces . " Blair also is known in Navy circles for once trying to water-ski behind the destroyer he skippered , the USS Cochrane .	Next Senate intelligence chairwoman says she was n't told Panetta was picked Sen. Feinstein : CIA best served by "  an intelligence professional in charge " Panetta is Barack Obama 's choice for CIA director , two Democratic officials say Officials : Retired Adm. Dennis Blair to be tapped as director of national intelligence
EW.com  -- Ivan Reitman has decided that he will not return to direct the next installment of "  Ghostbusters , " EW has confirmed . After producing and directing the previous two films and staying with the third project for years , Reitman will produce and help Sony find a new director for the film , which is eyeing an early 2015 shoot in New York . Deadline first reported the news . Reitman told Deadline that his decision to step down from the director 's post was in part due to the death of Harold Ramis . He said : "  A lot of things happened in the last few months , the most significant of which was the passing of Harold , who was a very good friend who was extraordinarily influential in my career . We did five movies together including both Ghostbusters . " EW : ` Ghostbusters ' co-star Dan Aykroyd , director Ivan Reitman on Harold Ramis ' death He also confirmed that script hold ups over the years were partially due to trouble contacting Bill Murray . They eventually started over without a role for Murray , and , Reitman said , they have a draft from Etan Cohen , with some assistance from Dan Aykroyd , that they are happy with . The original cast members are incorporated in a very minor way . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Ivan Reitman produced and directing previous two films He said decision was partly due to death of Harold Ramis Sony is shooting for early 2015 to film
Idiotic TV shows and all the latest apps bumming you out on the 21st century ? Ready for some "  me time " on the world 's remotest islands ? Forget golden sands and swaying palms -- the reality of solitude is different as these terrifyingly distant landfalls demonstrate . Tristan da Cunha1 ,750 miles from South Africa The British island group of Tristan da Cunha stands profoundly alone in the South Atlantic . The nearest landfall is South Africa , 1,750 miles east , and to the west , South America is more than 2,000 miles . It 's the world 's most remote inhabited island chain -- so precariously occupied that when a volcanic vent erupted in 1961 , the whole population was evacuated to England . Reaching Tristan da Cunha : This is no easygoing excursion . To quote the official website , "  There are no package tours for independent travelers , no hotels , no airport , no holiday reps , no night clubs , no restaurants , no jet skis nor safe sea swimming . " All visitors need to clear their arrivals in advance through the Island Council , and they also need to obtain a police certificate .  A 40-day wait is typical . There are around 10 sailings a year from Cape Town , South Africa , and Namibia , each taking five to six days to reach the islands ; it costs $ 800 - $ 1,500 for a round trip . A list of available ships can be found on the official website : www.tristandc.com . Bear Island400 miles off Europe 's north coast Bjornoya , better known as Bear Island , is the southernmost island in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard , 400 miles north of mainland Europe -- but only on paper , given that it 's almost 150 miles south of the Norwegian island chain with which it 's lumped . It 's been a nature reserve since 2002 and has a lively history of failed occupation -- hard to believe for a place of barren cliffs , near-zero precipitation and risk of leaks of radioactive material from the nearby wreck of a nuclear submarine . Reaching Bear Island : Getting to the heart of Svalbard is a relatively simple matter -- there are daily flights from Oslo and Tromso to Svalbard 's capital , Longyearbyen , on the west coast of Spitsbergen . Now it gets tricky . Research vessels infrequently call on Bear Island  the Norwegian Polar Institute makes an occasional appearance  , while individually chartered boats and the occasional adventure cruise  such as this one from Polar Quest  haul in the remaining visitors . Bouvet1 ,000 miles from Antarctica Tristan da Cunha is the remotest inhabited island in the world -- now , welcome to its uninhabited , far bleaker counterpart . Its cliffs are sheer . It 's almost entirely covered by a glacier . In winter , its seas are pack ice . And its nearest neighbor is Antarctica , 1,000 miles to the south . In short , idyllic . Reaching Bouvet : The entire island is a nature reserve -- so unless you can make a compelling case for visiting , you 'll be blocked by Norwegian authorities . Get permission , and it 's now a simple matter of finding a research vessel , quickly mastering a valuable skill such as arctic geological surveying or marine biology and then getting someone to land you via helicopter .  There are no ports or harbors . If all else fails , try becoming an amateur radio enthusiast : In 1990 , a multinational expedition of operators spent 16 days on the island . Bishop Rock30 miles from England Regarded by Guinness as the world 's smallest island with a building on it , Bishop Rock stands at the end of Britain 's Isles of Scilly , where coastal waters give way to the fury of the Atlantic . In 1847 , engineers started building an iron lighthouse there -- and it washed away in a storm . Its extraordinary successor , first lit in 1858 , stands to this day . Reaching Bishop Rock : Visiting the most southwesterly point in Britain is surprisingly easy -- the St. Mary 's Boatsmen 's Association runs day trips . But as Martin Hesp notes , even on a "  calm " day you 're in for serious chop . Boreray60 miles off mainland Scotland Love the Scottish islands , but want something with a little more bite ? Head west of the Outer Hebrides , and you 'll find the archipelago of St. Kilda , 40 miles into the Atlantic . It 's one of Scotland 's five World Heritage sites , with a main island that was abandoned in the 1930s when crops failed . Imagine the surprise of archaeologists when they found that one of the least hospitable islands , Boreray , was occupied in prehistoric times . Reaching Boreray : Since Boreray comes under the protection of the National Trust for Scotland , you need its permission to visit . Then ? Lots of time and lots of luck -- with a rugged shoreline and savage sea swell , this is n't an island built for landings . According to one guide , more people have reached the summit of Everest than have landed at Boreray since the National Trust took ownership in 1957 . North Sentinel Island 400 miles from Myanmar North Sentinel is one of the 572 islands making up the Andaman chain in the Indian Ocean 's Bay of Bengal . It 's surrounded by dangerous reefs , but North Sentinel is intimidating because of its inhabitants . The Sentinelese want nothing to do with the modern world and have repeatedly rebuffed attempts to make peaceful contact . Reaching North Sentinel Island : You 're kidding , right ? If the above description did n't put you off , this article about a pair of fishermen who strayed onto the island certainly should . Rockall270 miles from Ireland If you think Boreray sounds forbidding , try sailing 187 miles west of it . Rockall is the tip of an extinct volcano reaching 20 meters  about 65 feet  above sea level , in seas with waves recorded as high as 29 meters  95 feet  . In 1955 , the British Empire , in its final territorial acquisition , seized Rockall -- allegedly due to fears the Soviets would build a missile battery on it . Reaching Rockall : In the words of the recently minted Rockall Club , "  visiting Rockall is difficult , completely weather dependent and not cheap . " Your best bet is contacting Kilda Cruises and arranging a tailor-made excursion . Or you could sail there , lash yourself to the rock and claim it as your very own micronation -- but you would n't be the first .	Forget swaying palms ; these islands offer real solitude The islands of Tristan da Cunha sit 1,750 miles off South Africa Bear Island is the southernmost island in the Arctic archipelago of Svalbard
CNN  -- There is , perhaps , no greater living symbol of the untamed , pioneer spirit of the American West than the wild mustang . In the Great Basin of the United States -- a vast , empty , desert plain that stretches across most of Nevada and includes parts of Utah , Idaho , Oregon and California -- it 's estimated that 40,000 mustangs still roam free . They 're regarded by many as part of the national heritage and a treasure for people the world over to enjoy . "  They 're sensual , " says Madeleine Pickens , owner of Nevada 's new Mustang Monument : Wild Horse Eco Resort . "  When you come across a wild bunch , it 's euphoria . " Her new resort provides a sanctuary for some of these horses while also offering a deluxe stay for those interested in discovering a little more about this American icon . History of the Mustang Though some dispute the claim , scholars generally believe that mustangs were introduced to the New World by the Spanish in 1493 , having been brought over by Columbus on his second voyage to the Americas . When Native Americans first saw them , they called them "  big dogs . " But soon they became an essential component of the life of America 's first people and are still considered sacred by many tribes . In the 19th century , horses of all types , of course , played an essential role in the westward expansion and modernization of America . Future uncertain Wild horses are protected under federal law . But protection policies are n't popular with everyone who lives and works in the West . Ranchers view mustangs as a threat to their livelihood . "  They 're feral , " says a former mustanger -- the term used for cowboys charged with controlling their numbers . "  Without a natural predator , their presence is unsustainable and bad for the environment . " Charged with maintaining the ecological balance of public grazing land , the federal Bureau of Land Management  BLM  has found itself in the middle of disputes related to mustangs and wild horses .  Often used generically to describe any wild horse , "  mustang " is derived from the Spanish term "  mustengo , " which means "  ownerless beast " or "  stray horse . " In April , according to The Salt Lake Tribune , Iron County officials in Utah drafted a letter to the BLM in effect telling the government that if it did n't remove wild horses from their land , local residents would do the job themselves . In June , a suit brought against the federal government by the Nevada Association of Counties and Nevada Farm Bureau Federation demanded that the BLM accelerate roundups of mustangs there , as reported by the Las Vegas Review-Journal . In Nevada , the BLM agreed with ranchers that wild herds threaten the range , but also said it does n't have the resources to conduct the popular roundups . Roundups Roundups of free roaming horses destined for short term holding pens -- or worse , illegal poaching for sale to slaughterhouses -- have become regular occurrences . Animal rights groups argue that many of these "  gatherings " are unnecessarily cruel , leaving many animals wounded or dead . They contend that the level that has been set for a sustainable number of wild horses on the land , and reports of their negative impact on the environment , have been skewed in the favor of opposing human interest groups . Although the BLM adopts a portion of roundup animals to new homes , costs for keeping them are escalating . In 2013 , $ 46.2 million was spent keeping roughly 50,000 wild horses in short - and long-term holding pens . Seed of a solution Mustang Monument : Wild Horse Eco-Resort is a new boutique , luxury ranch that may offer a partial solution . The brainchild of billionaire businesswoman , philanthropist and former wife of oil tycoon T. Boone Pickens , Madeleine Pickens , the new ranch is designed to provide a sanctuary for up to a thousand wild horses and a chance for tourists to connect with this iconic symbol of America . By eliminating expensive holding pens , Pickens says that her ranch alone can save taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 million a year , while allowing the horses to roam free . Mustang Monument Each of the resort 's 10 reclaimed wood cottages and 10 live-in teepees have been designed with luxuriously rustic interiors , double beds and artisan bric-a-brac -- if Pottery Barn and Vogue were to elope West , this is where they 'd honeymoon . Meals are served in an enormous hand-painted teepee , there 's a saloon with saddle bar stools , high-end gambling tables and a porch for cocktails with a perfect view of the grazing herd . "  It 's good for your soul , " resident cowboy Clay Naninni says . "  Just to watch them run . " Six hundred wild horses roam in a 4,000-acre enclave at the front of the ranch . Experienced riders can saddle up and head out with resident cowboys , Clay Nannini and Marcus Morrison , for a high adrenalin gallop into the herd that feels , according to Clay , "  like riding into thunder . " For others , there are gentle trots and 4x4 wild horse safaris in search of nearby free-roaming bands , old gold mining settlements and luxurious picnics in mountain valleys . The highlight : rattling down to a private meadow in an old wagon to serve breakfast to the herd . Being surrounded by 600 wild , staring eyes and stamping hooves is a rare thrill . Other guest experiences Mustangs may be the ranch 's raison d'etre , but there 's more than horses here . Hiking , abseiling , gambling tables , lasso lessons , an in-teepee spa and more are on offer . Former Navy Seal and director of operations , Monty Heath , can also take you out on a high-powered ATV . When an ex-special forces operative insists on doing the driving , you know he 's not going skimp on screams . Two brothers from the local Lumbee tribe are on hand to teach Native American crafts -- from learning how to make beaded jewelry to creating medicine wheels , dream catchers and more . Each night there 's storytelling by the fire and performances of sacred dance and traditional falsetto singing . "  Horses are sacred to our people , " the Native singers say . "  We treat them as human beings . " Things to do : The Ruby Mountains The Ruby Mountains may be Nevada 's best kept secret . The 80-mile range is right on the doorstep of the ranch and offers some of the finest outdoor opportunities in the state . Lamoille Canyon is one of the most popular locations and is filled with fast flowing rivers , beaver dams and idyllic fishing and camping spots . The 35-mile Ruby Crest Trail is a great way to see some of the best parts of the range and usually takes about three days to hike . Things to do : Great Basin National Park Great Basin National Park -- a 77,000-acre wilderness of glacier moraines , sagebrush meadows and forests of spruce , aspen and juniper -- is located three hours south of the ranch . You can hike to the 13,000-foot summit of Wheeler Peak , find pristine alpine lakes and descend deep into the Lehman Caves , a mesmerizing underground complex of stalactites and stalagmites . The park is most famously home to an ancient grove of bristlecone pines , the oldest living organism on Earth , whose roots were already in the ground when the Great Pyramids of Egypt were being built . More information can be found on the Great Basin National Park website . Mustang Monument : Wild Horse Eco Resort , outside of Wells , Nevada ; +1 858 759 5507 ; $ 1,000 per teepee per night and $ 1,500 per cottage per night , including full board and all activities . Aaron Millar is a travel writer who has traveled extensively in North and Central America . He blogs at The Blue Dot Perspective .	An estimated 40,000 mustangs still roam free in the Great Basin of the United States Mustang Monument : Wild Horse Eco Resort is a sanctuary for up to 1,000 wild horses Visitors can connect with mustangs at the resort , which also offers hiking , abseiling and gambling
CNN  -- Another Carnival cruise ship is having problems . This time the Carnival Legend is having technical difficulties that are affecting its sailing speed , the travel company said Thursday . The Legend is on the last leg of a seven-day Caribbean cruise that departed Tampa on Sunday , March 10 , according to a statement from the cruise company . The news comes after the Carnival Dream became a nightmare for some passengers Wednesday when power went off , some toilets stopped working and no one was allowed to get off the vessel -- despite the fact that the ship was docked at Philipsburg , St. Maarten , in the eastern Caribbean . Last month , an engine room fire left the Carnival Triumph crippled and adrift in the Gulf of Mexico with more than 4,200 people aboard . That scheduled four-day cruise stretched into eight days as tugs pulled the vessel into port in Alabama . Food was scarce and passengers sweltered in the heat with no air conditioning . People aboard also reported overflowing toilets and human waste running down the walls in some parts of the ship . Because of the problems on the Legend , Carnival said it had canceled a scheduled stop in Grand Cayman and the ship will make its trek back to it 's scheduled ending destination in Tampa , Florida . Passenger Rob Bonenfant said the mood had soured on the cruise ship . "  Passengers are now really pissed off , " Bonenfant said via e-mail . "  Mood on the ship is getting worse among passengers , captain is giving limited information . " Carnival has promised to refund $ 100 to passengers .	Carnival Legend is having technical difficulties Carnival Dream had problems Wednesday This week 's troubles come after Carnival Triumph became crippled last month
CNN  -- The body of football star Christian Benitez arrived in his native Ecuador Friday ahead of his funeral and other tributes in the capital Quito later in the day . The coffin was accompanied on the flight from Doha in Qatar by his wife Liseth Chala and other grieving relatives . The 27-year-old Ecuadorian international striker died Monday after playing his first match for Qatari league side El Jaish , coming on as a second half substitute . The club said Wednesday that Benitez had died of heart failure after developing peritonitis . Benitez 's agent said he had complained of abdominal pains before being taken to hospital . The striker scored 24 goals in 54 games for Ecuador , playing in the 2006 World Cup as a youngster . He had scored four goals in Ecuador 's qualifying campaign for the 2014 finals in Brazil . His club career saw Benitez ply his trade in Mexico , in the English Premier League with Birmingham , before heading to Qatar . El Jaish played their first match since his death Thursday , with a minute 's silence observed before taking on Al Shahaniya in a pre-season tournament . His teammates held up a banner with is picture and the words "  Christian Benitez We Will Miss You " before playing out a 4-4 draw .	Body of Christian Benitez arrives in Quito ahead of funeral Ecuador international Benitez died after playing a match in Qatar on July 29 His Qatari club said he had suffered heart failure Funeral scheduled for Friday in Quito
Careerbuilder.com  -- To most Americans , David Beckham is a soccer superstar . But to the rest of the world , he 's pretty much an average professional footballer -- at least in terms of salary . Beckham 's nearly $ 6.5 million annual contract does n't even crack the list of the top 20 highest-paid soccer stars , and barely puts him onto the list of the top 50 earners in the sport . Soccer versus American football salaries Although top athletes in neither sport are lacking in terms of base pay , the salaries of NFL players surpass those of professional soccer players . For the NFL 's 2009-2010 season , average salary for the top five highest-paid players  not including endorsement deals  was $ 20.32 million . For the top five footballers , salaries averaged $ 14.67 million . In honor of the World Cup , here 's a look at the paychecks that go with being a star of the world 's favorite sport . The top 5 1 . Coming in at No. 1 is 25-year-old Portuguese player Cristiano Ronaldo , who earns $ 17.06 million * per year as a forward for Spanish football club Real Madrid . Ronaldo , who also captains the Portuguese national team , is the most expensive soccer player in history . Real Madrid bought him from English club Manchester United in 2009 for a cool $ 132 million . 2 . Sweden 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic comes in at No. 2 , earning a reported $ 15.7 million for the 2009-2010 season . The 29-year-old striker plays for Barcelona and the Swedish national team . Until Ronaldo 's Real Madrid deal was inked in 2009 , Ibrahimovic was soccer 's highest-paid player . 3 . At 22 , Lionel Messi is the youngest player to make the top 20 list of highest-paid soccer stars . Messi 's 2009-2010 contract is worth $ 13.74 million . Messi , a striker for Spanish champions Barcelona , will represent his home country , Argentina , at this year 's World Cup . 4 . Samuel Eto'o is the captain of Cameroon 's national team and a member of Italy 's Inter Milan club , the European champions . The striker was part of the team that won the 2000 Summer Olympics and will participate in his third World Cup tournament this year . His experience has paid off ; his current contract is worth $ 13.74 million . 5 . Ricardo Izecson dos Santos Leite , more commonly known as Kaka to fans , rounds out the top five . Kaka , 27 , hails from Brazil and will make $ 13.13 million as a midfielder for Real Madrid this year . Before teammate Ronaldo 's Real Madrid deal , Kaka also spent time at the top of the highest-paid players list . The rest of the top 20 6 . Karim Benzema Country : France Club Team : Real Madrid Age : 22 Salary : $ 11.17 million 7 . Carlos Tevez Country : Argentina Club Team : Manchester City Age : 26 Salary : $ 10.57 million 8 . John Terry Country : England Club Team : Chelsea Age : 29 Salary : $ 9.81 million 9 . Frank Lampard Country : England Club Team : Chelsea Age : 31 Salary : $ 9.81 million 10 . Thierry Henry Country : France Club Team : Barcelona Age : 32 Salary : $ 9.81 million 11 . Xavi Country : Spain Club Team : Barcelona Age : 30 Salary : $ 9.81 million 12 . Ronaldinho Country : Brazil Club Team : AC Milan Age : 30 Salary : $ 9.81 million 13 . Steven Gerrard Country : England Club Team : Liverpool Age : 29 Salary : $ 9.81 million 14 . Daniel Alves Country : Brazil Club Team : Barcelona Age : 26 Salary : $ 9.21 million 15 . Michael Ballack Country : Germany Club Team : Chelsea Age : 33 Salary : $ 8.45 million 16 . Raul Country : Spain Club Team : Real Madrid Age : 32 Salary : $ 8.45 million 17 . Rio Ferdinand Country : England Club Team : Manchester United Age : 31 Salary : $ 8.45 million 18 . Kolo Toure Country : Ivory Coast Club Team : Manchester City Age : 29 Salary : $ 8.45 million 19 . Wayne Rooney Country : England Club Team : Manchester United Age : 24 Salary : $ 7.85 million 20 . Robinho Country : Brazil Club Team : Manchester City Age : 26 Salary : $ 7.85 million * Soccer player salary information provided by Portuguese marketing agency Futebol Finance & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	For the top five soccer players in the world , salaries averaged $ 14.67 million Real Madrid 's star forward Cristiano Ronaldo earns $ 17.06 million a year Lionel Messi , 22 , is the youngest among the highest-paid soccer stars with $ 13.74 million Olympic medal winner Samuel Eto'o has a contract worth $ 13.74 million
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China 's long simmering battle against corruption has come to a boil , this time in Chongqing , the largest megalopolis in the world . A massive crackdown has implicated millionaires , gangsters , and even police officers . Known as "  dahei "  combat triads  , the campaign has put the spotlight on organized crime and how it has infested local bureaucracy and businesses through bribery , extortion , blackmail and violence . The anti-triad campaign in Chongqing is being led by Bo Xilai , the city 's party chief . Criminal trials are underway following months of police investigation . Details of murky cases are trickling out . Among those on the dock is Xie Caiping , a portly woman believed be the "  mama san " of one of Chongqing 's notorious triads . Xie is accused of operating gambling dens , drug trafficking , giving and collecting bribes and terrorizing people , including policemen who had tried to investigate her illicit activities . More trials are expected as the city fights at least 14 mafia-style gangs . Given China 's opaque political world , it is notable that the ongoing trial is extensively covered by the Chinese media . For years after the Cultural Revolution , Chongqing languished as a decrepit mountain-city in Sichuan province , better known for its spicy food and poor farmers carrying goods on bamboo poles . It became the world 's largest city in 1997 when the central government , by administrative edict , incorporated a huge area adjacent to the city into what is now the Chongqing municipality . China 's goal was to build up Chongqing into a modern mega-city that will later serve as the new economic engine in central China . Over the years , thanks of the influx of corporate investments and central government funding in infrastructure projects , the city of 31 million has become a center of an economic boom . But the economic boom has also led to the resurgence of local gangs engaged in human and drug trafficking , illegal gambling , prostitution , extortion and protection rackets . Gangsters were blamed for heinous crimes of murder and kidnapping . Local officials were accused of "  economic crimes " -- bribery , profiteering and malversation involving public funds and property . Such abuses have prompted popular anger and social unrest . Communist Party officials are under pressure to clean up or perish . "  The life or death of the party depends on whether or not we have a strong will to punish and prevent corruption , " Chinese President Hu Jintao told a meeting of the party elite last September . Party leaders pledged to attack the "  acute problems " of corruption , the gap between the rich and the poor , and the lack of democracy within the party 's own ranks . At the meeting , they outlined an anti-corruption directive that would compel officials and their families to disclose their property holdings and investments . "  The new transparency rules are meant to curb abuse of power , " says political analyst Wenran Jiang . "  It 's also aimed at appeasing public discontent over corruption . " In Chongqing , police operations started in June , leading to the arrest of over 4,800 suspected gangsters and the confiscation of 1,700 illegal firearms . Investigations led to many city officials , including police officers . They include Wen Qiang , Xie Caiping 's brother-in-law , who is now accused of colluding with gangsters . Highly regarded as an ace investigator , Wen was the deputy police commissioner and head of the city 's justice bureau . Last August , he was stripped of his posts , detained and charged of accepting over 100 million yuan in bribes in exchange for giving gangs a "  protective umbrella " . Local media reports say Chongqing residents celebrated Wen 's arrest by setting off firecrackers . The "  dahei " campaign is led by Bo Xilai . 60 , the city 's party chief who also sits on China 's ruling politburo . Son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo had served as Dalian city mayor , Liaoning provincial governor and China 's minister of commerce . An outsider in Chongqing , Bo has had to bring in his trusted protégé , Wang Lijun , to replace Wen Qiang as chief of police and clean up the city . Wang made his name as a tough , upright police commissioner in Liaoning province , Bo 's former turf . In response , the gangs have reportedly put a 12 million yuan bounty on Wang 's head . "  It not us who took the initiative to fight the underworld , " Bo Xilai told the Chongqing media . "  It 's the underworld who has compelled us to do so . The public has been gathering at the gate of our government building , holding blood-stained pictures , deeply distressed . The underworld has killed innocent people with machetes , like butchers killing pigs -- too horrible to see . " Bo said the campaign is aimed at restoring economic order and winning people 's trust . Bo 's get-tough stance has earned him praises , especially among the Netizens . "  Chongqing 's experience should be popularized nationwide , " wrote a Netizen from the eastern province of Zhejiang . "  Bo should be China 's leader in the new era , " wrote another . Some political observers think success in Chongqing could catapult him as a "  dark horse " in the next round of political transition , when the next generation of leaders take over in 2012 . "  Whatever his motives , the impact is not local but national , " says Wenran Jiang . "  Clearly , there is public support for such bold actions . " Jiang , who was Bo 's college classmate at Peking University in the late 1970s , remembers Bo as "  a smart student of Chinese and world history who always want to do the right thing . " It remains unclear if the current house-cleaning in Chongqing will spread nationwide . Cynics doubt if the Communist Party leaders have the stomach to genuinely root out the evil of corruption wherever investigations find them . "  These crackdowns are like swatting flies while ignoring tigers , " shrugs a white-collar worker in Beijing . Some see progress . "  At least they realize that the problem is very acute , " says a government functionary -LSB- who asked to remain anonymous -RSB- . "  We can not speak of a harmonious society unless the people are treated equally before the law . "	Anti-corruption drive in Chongqing implicates millionaires , gangsters , police Campaign has spotlighted organized crime , how it has infested local bureaucracy City 's economic boom has led to the resurgence of local gangs Criminal trials are underway as the city fights at least 14 mafia-style gangs
CNN  -- Former Philippine President Corazon Aquino , whose "  People Power " movement pushed out longtime strongman Ferdinand Marcos less than three years after her husband 's assassination , has died at age 76 , her family announced Saturday . "  She was the agent of change in Philippine democracy , " said Ray Donato , the nation 's consul-general in Atlanta . Aquino , the first woman to lead the Philippines , had been battling colon cancer since March 2008 and died of cardio-respiratory arrest at 3:18 a.m. Saturday  3:18 p.m. Friday ET  , said Mai Mislang , a spokeswoman for her son , Philippine Sen. Benigno Aquino III . Funeral arrangements were being set up , Mislang said . Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo has also announced a 10-day mourning period for the former president , said Ray Donato , the country 's consul-general in Atlanta . "  She was the agent of change in Philippine democracy , and almost all the Filipinos I know revered her during her presidency , " Donato said . Aquino had been born into a wealthy family and was educated in the United States . She had not been involved in politics before her husband , opposition leader Benigno "  Ninoy " Aquino Jr. , was gunned down at Manila 's airport in August 1983 as he returned from exile . The political novice took over the leadership of her husband 's movement after his death and challenged Marcos in a 1986 election , making a yellow dress her trademark and bolstered by the support of the country 's Roman Catholic churches . Marcos had been backed by the United States , the former colonial power in the Philippines , for two decades as a stalwart anti-communist . He and his wife Imelda were friends of then-President Ronald Reagan and his wife , Nancy . But widespread allegations of electoral fraud and a mutiny by the country 's military led the Reagan administration to withdraw its support , and Marcos went into exile in Hawaii . Aquino took office in a country with a $ 28 billion debt , widespread poverty and a persistent Marxist insurgency . She put in place a U.S.-style constitution that limited presidents to a single six-year term and survived seven coup attempts -- including one that was supressed with American help . She also oversaw the closure of the major U.S. military bases in the country before leaving office in 1992 . The bases had been a bulwark of American power in the Pacific since the early 1900s and employed nearly 80,000 Filipinos , but Aquino 's opponents argued the country was too dependent on the United States . Aquino announced in 1990 that it was time to begin negotiating the "  orderly withdrawal " of U.S. forces .	NEW : Funeral arrangements are being set up , spokeswoman says President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo announces 10-day mourning period Aquino had been battling colon cancer since March 2008 She took up opposition to Marcos regime after her husband 's 1983 assassination
CNN  -- Victoria Pendleton rounded off another night of triumph for hosts Great Britain in the Olympic Velodrome with a storming ride to take gold in the women 's keirin Friday . Pendleton suffered bitter disappointment on the first night of finals when she and partner Jess Varnish were disqualified in the women 's team sprint for a technical infringement , but made amends with the second gold of her Games career . The 31-year-old Pendleton powered to the front with over a lap to go and held off a determined challenge from China 's Guo Shuang to claim an emotional victory . "  My legs were still good from last night . I really wanted to show what I 've got . It turned out okay , I guess , " she said . Lee Wai-Sze of Hong Kong took a surprise bronze with Pendleton 's arch-rival Anna Meares of Australia out of the medals . Pendleton will get one more chance for golden glory when she defends her women 's sprint title . She followed Britain 's men 's team pursuit squad on to the track after the quartet of Geraint Thomas , Ed Clancy , Steven Burke and Peter Kennaugh had broken their own world record to take gold by beating arch-rivals Australia in the final . Tour de France winner and Olympic time trial champion Bradley Wiggins was in the 6,000 capacity crowd to watch his GB compatriots defend their Beijing crown . Wiggins had been part of that team , which also set a world record , and the 2012 version did not disappoint either . Clancy and Thomas were picking up their second successive golds in the event as they crossed the line in a time of three minutes 51.659 seconds . Australia were just under three seconds adrift with New Zealand winning the bronze medal after beating Russia in their run off . There was promise of more gold for the rampant home team in the women 's team pursuit where the trio of Laura Trott , Joanna Rowsell and Dani King broke their own world record in qualifying . Their time of three minutes 15.669 seconds , edged their own mark for the 3,000 m event set at the world championships earlier this year . It is the seventh world record to be set in the velodrome and the fifth for the hosts , who won the men 's team sprint on the first night .	Britain win two gold medals on second night of competition in track cycling Victoria Pendleton takes women 's keirin after disappointment of team sprint GB men 's team pursuit squad break world record to beat Australia in final GB women 's team pursuit squad beat their own world mark in qualifying
CNN  -- Matthew Fox is off the hook for an early morning incident last month after which a party-bus driver accused him of assault , according to the spokeswoman for the Cleveland , Ohio , mayor . "  After a thorough review of the facts , the Prosecutor 's Office has decided not to charge , " Andrea Taylor said Friday . Heather Bormann , 29 , filed a complaint against Matthew Fox on August 30 , two days after the "  Lost " actor allegedly punched her repeatedly in an incident outside a Cleveland nightclub . "  He got me pretty good , " Bormann told CNN as she described the fight with Fox . Representatives for Fox , who was in Cleveland to film a movie , never responded to repeated CNN calls for comment on the allegations . "  He was swinging at my legs and , ultimately , my chest and my crotch area , " Bormann said in an interview . She suffered a wrist injury when she punched him back , Bormann said . The fight started when Fox tried to board her bus , which had been rented for a bachelor party that he was not part of , Bormann said . Fox had one leg in the bus and one leg on the ground when she warned him to step off , which he refused , she said . That 's when he started throwing punches at her , she said . "  He reeked of liquor , " Bormann said . "  You could just smell it coming off of him . He had glassy eyes and a blank stare the whole time . "	"  The Prosecutor 's Office has decided not to charge , " spokeswoman for Cleveland mayor says Bus driver Heather Bormann accused Fox of assaulting her in August Reps for Fox have never returned repeated CNN calls for comment on the allegations
CNN  -- Two men have been arrested in connection with an effigy of Sen. Barack Obama that was hung outside a building at the University of Kentucky in Lexington , police said Thursday . Joe Fischer , left , and Hunter Bush were arrested on disorderly conduct and other charges , police said . Authorities found a life-size effigy of the Democratic presidential candidate hanging from a tree outside the school 's Mines and Minerals building on Wednesday morning , police said . Police said they arrested Joe Fischer , 22 , a senior at the university , and Hunter Bush , 21 , a former student at Bluegrass Community and Technical College . "  This was a serious incident . It caused a lot of wounds to be opened from racial tension , " said University of Kentucky acting police chief Joe Monroe . After following leads and conducting interviews , investigators determined that Fischer and Bush had asked members of a University of Kentucky fraternity for items to make the effigy but did not tell the fraternity members why they wanted them , Monroe said . Fischer and Bush were arrested on charges of disorderly conduct , burglary and theft by unlawful taking , police said . The burglary and theft charges involve allegedly removing items from a room in the fraternity house . "  We had a pre-established dialogue with this fraternity , and they spoke to us very openly and freely , " Monroe said .	Effigy of Sen. Barack Obama was hung at University of Kentucky , police say University of Kentucky senior , another man arrested Men arrested on charges of disorderly conduct , burglary and theft
CNN  By all appearances Shaun Harrison was living an exemplary life . He was a dean at a Boston public high school . He mentored young people . And , Harrison regularly attended services at a local church for a decade , before leaving in 2012 , according to the church 's pastor . Now , Harrison is charged with armed assault with intent to murder , aggravated assault and battery with a dangerous weapon . He 's also facing multiple weapons charges . Harrison is accused of shooting one of his students in the head . While he was working as "  dean of academy " at English High , Harrison was also running a marijuana distribution enterprise , according to Suffolk County Assistant District Attorney , David Bradley . At an arraignment hearing Thursday , Bradley said the 55-year-old now-former dean shot a 17-year-old student he had allegedly hired to sell marijuana . The teenager , who called Harrison "  Rev " told authorities he was regularly mentored by Harrison , according to police documents . Bradley said in a news release that the two got into a dispute after leaving Harrison 's home Tuesday evening . They were walking along a street when Harrison then "  produced a handgun , pointed it at the back of the victim 's head and fired , " Bradley said in a news release . The incident was captured on surveillance footage , but the police have not released it . The teen , who has not been named by police yet , was shot behind the right ear , according to a police report . He is expected to survive his injuries , Bradley 's release said . Harrison had worked in various positions with the Boston Public Schools since 2010 . He had been "  dean of academy " at English High School since January 5 , where "  he provided services , like finding housing for homeless students or social services or disciplinary alternatives to suspension , " said Denise Snyder , a representative for Boston Public Schools . His employment has been "  terminated effective immediately , " Snyder said . The Rev. Dr. Gregory Groover , pastor of the Charles Street AME Church where Harrison attended services said the allegations against Harrison are n't consistent with the man he knows . "  I was stunned beyond description , " Groover said when he heard about Harrison 's arrest . Groover said Harrison was already an ordained Baptist minister when he came to the Charles Street AME Church . He recalled Harrison usually attended services alone , but he "  got along with everyone . " "  He seemed to consistently care with a deep heart for saving young people who were in the streets or gang related , prison-involved , " Groover said . "  That was the population that his life seemed to center around . " A not guilty plea was automatically entered on Harrison 's behalf . He posted $ 250,000 bail and is under house arrest , according to police documents . He has been ordered to "  stay away and have no contact with the victim " and wear a GPS monitor , the DA 's release said . He is scheduled to be back in court on April 6 . CNN 's multiple attempts to reach an attorney for Harrison were unsuccessful . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Chuck Johnston and Alexandra Field contributed to this report .	Shaun Harrison is accused of shooting one of his students in the head The student ,17 , was hired to sell marijuana for Harrison , district attorney says The teen is expected to survive ; the dean , who is out on bail , has been ordered to stay away from him
CNN  -- Internet users around the globe are facing slowed-down service , thanks to what 's being called the biggest cyberattack in history . The prolonged denial-of-service assault is targeting The Spamhaus Project , a European spam-fighting group that has gone after CyberBunker , a data-storage company that offers to host any content "  except child porn and anything related to terrorism . " The organization has been in a long-running feud with CyberBunker and claims spammers use it as a host from which to spray junk mail across the Web . Internet security firm CloudFlare said Spamhaus contacted it last week , saying it had been hit with an attack big enough to knock its site offline . Security experts say the attack uses more sophisticated techniques than most DDoS  distributed denial of service  attacks and targets the Web 's infrastructure , which has led to other sites performing slowly . "  It 's the biggest attack we 've seen , " Matthew Prince , CloudFlare 's CEO , told CNN . The FBI is involved in the investigation into the cyberattack on Spamhaus , though a bureau spokesman did n't provide any details on the FBI 's role or the scope of the probe . The Spamhaus Project is a nonprofit organization that patrols the Internet for spammers and publishes a list of Web servers those spammers use . According to Prince , the group may be responsible for up to 80 % of all spam that gets blocked . This month , the group added CyberBunker to its blacklist . "  While we do n't know who was behind this attack , Spamhaus has made plenty of enemies over the years , " Prince wrote in a blog post . "  Spammers are n't always the most lovable of individuals , and Spamhaus has been threatened , sued and DDoSed regularly . " In a DDoS attack , computers flood a website with requests , overwhelming its servers and causing it to crash or become inaccessible for many users . One way to defend against those attacks , Prince said , is to deflect some of the traffic targeted at a single server onto a bunch of other servers at different locations . That 's what happened in this case , and why Web users experienced some slowdowns on other sites . He told CNN the last big wave of the attack hit Tuesday morning , but that he does n't "  live under the illusion " that there wo n't be more . For its part , CyberBunker is n't taking credit for the attack . But the Dutch company , housed in a former NATO nuclear bunker , is n't shying away , either . "  This here is the internet community puking out SpamHaus , " CyberBunker founder Sven Olaf Kamphuis told CNN . "  We 've had it with the guys ... . What we see right here is the internet puking out a cancer . " He said the owners of various websites got together on a Skype chat and hatched the plans for the attack . He says that StopHaus , a group organized to support CyberBunker in the dispute , ceased the attack after three days but that other hackers and activists kept it up after that . Kamphuis and other critics say that Spamhaus oversteps its bounds and has essentially destroyed innocent websites in its spam-fighting efforts . "  Spamhaus itself is a more urgent danger " than spam , Kamphuis told CNN . "  Pointing at websites and saying they want it shut down and then they get it shut down without any court order . That is a significantly larger threat to internet and freedom of speech and net neutrality than anything else . " Vincent Hanna , a researcher with The Spamhaus Project , said the group 's record speaks for itself . He said the project has existed for over 12 years and its data is used to protect more than 1.7 billion e-mail accounts worldwide . "  We have 1.7 billion people looking over our shoulders to make sure we do our job right , " he said . "  If we start blocking things they want , they wo n't use our data any more . " He emphasized that Spamhaus does n't have the power to block e-mail from anyone -- it merely makes its data available for service providers and other Web companies to use . Hanna said Spamhaus experienced its first denial-of-service attack in 2003 . "  This has been the biggest for us , " he said , "  but certainly not the first one . " Cloudflare 's Prince said denying access to a website through cyberattacks is the truest assault on Web freedom . "  Our role is to allow the internet to achieve what it aspires to -- that anyone , anywhere can publish any piece of information and make it accessible to anyone , anywhere else in the world , " he said . "  It 's blatant censorship . "  Whether Spamhaus is a good organization or a bad organization is irrelevant to me . We protect American financial institutions , which some people think are evil , and we protect WikiLeaks , which some people think are evil . " CNN 's Atika Shubert , Antonia Mortensen and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	NEW : The FBI is involved in the investigation into the cyberattack , a spokesman says A massive cyberattack is creating ripple effects for Internet users around the globe The prolonged denial-of-service assault is targeting Spamhaus , a European spam-fighting group Security expert : "  These things are essentially like nuclear bombs "
CNN  -- It 's called a document dump . In this case , 175 pages of contractors ' internal updates on the beleaguered HealthCare.gov website were blasted out Wednesday night by Rep. Darryl Issa 's Republican-led House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . You can read it all online . But we read it so you do n't have to , poring through the jargony , technical documents  "  Pre Prod is now IMP1A "  , to give you another option -- the five things you need to know : Related : Obamacare launch may have been worse than first reported 1 . Low-tech options failed too In the first weeks of the Obamacare sign-up , the two low-tech options for Americans -- the call center and paper applications -- struggled and sometimes froze . An October 8 entry about the number of paper forms turned in at that point simply said "  500 applications ... but ca n't process any because of log-in and other issues . " By October 16 , some 3,000 paper applications were in the processing center but only "  81 have been successfully entered . " A tough decision emerged : Should navigators -- those who help people sign up -- recommend that folks leave the slow website and send in a paper form ? Or would that matter ? Contractors wrote they were waiting on the Department of Health and Human Services to decide . By October 15 , contractors were recommending the paper applications , documents show . Meanwhile , the call center was getting high marks for low wait times and professional operators , but an October 3 note reads : "  50 % of call center calls have issues . " The problem was with a technical interface to check people 's identities . Four days later , a more basic issue : "  Our call center reps ca n't see their screens , " wrote an unnamed consultant . In response , the Department of Health and Human Services told CNN that these are contractor notes that only depict the state of the website in its first days . "  We have made significant progress , " said HHS spokeswoman Joanne Peters . Related : 4 Obamacare myths : Both sides get it wrong 2 . It 's all about the 834s In a document full of figures and consultant-speak , one number stands out : 834 . That 's the code for the final step in the HealthCare.gov process , when all the data entered is sent to the insurance company a user has chosen . It sets up the actual insurance policy and hands off responsibility to the company or organization running that plan . But from the start , that data was not transferring correctly . "  834 issue - Raised here as well - issuers not receiving 834s that they should be getting , " a contractor wrote on October 3 . At one point no one could track whether the final 834 data entered by individuals was actually the same as the 834 data going out to insurers . Related : GOP focuses on overall Obamacare troubles , not just website 3 . A small group of contractors was key Reading these pages feels almost voyeuristic . It 's a bit like hovering in the back of the main conference room for HealthCare.gov . Problems are listed , tasks to respond to are handed out crisply and clearly . And from the back of the room , you notice something . Those tasks go to a small core group of top coordinators , representing different companies and pieces of the process . The documents refer to those generally on a first-name basis , but not that many names appear . Two dozen or so people -- Carlos , Abigail , Joy , Beth , Milan , Sandeep , John , Meg at CGI , Devon , Lourdes , Gina and others -- had a lot of work on their plates . Related : In Dallas , Obama will hit Republicans for resisting Obamacare 4 . The initial technical issues were many and massive On the first day , there was a big problem that we had n't heard about before . "  There was a fix regarding residency for Medicaid and CHIP that was not fixed correctly and is denying ... 90 % of people based on residency , " the war room notes from the day read . As the documents move on and issues are tackled one by one , sweeping problems continue to appear . October 9 : "  A new problem in the system has been identified : for about 30 % of the 70,000 applicants , the system has skipped applicants through ` events ' that are required to complete the application . " In other words , nearly a third of applicants could n't fill out the form , because the website was skipping "  events " or entries they needed to make . Related : Obama ` ca n't go back ' and change Obamacare vow 5 . The devil was really in the details While big-picture problems erupted with HealthCare.gov , hundreds of smaller but still urgent issues were flying from the volcano as well . A few examples : • At one point , a software problem hit every application from a married couple . The program recorded each spouse as "  unmarried , " not just an identity issue but a major data issue for insurers . • For weeks , programmers fought a problem that initially blocked and later snagged naturalized citizens who needed verification from the Department of Homeland Security . • Contractors spent almost two weeks sorting out how to handle weight loss surgery and whether insurance companies need to include that in all policies . • In mid-October , the tool to estimate potential premiums was misreading ages , recording each person as having an age range , rather than a definite age . That was affecting the tool and its results , potentially for almost everyone . Related : 6 things presidents regret they said CNN 's Z. Byron Wolf and Tom Cohen contributed to this story .	175 pages of internal documents show troubleshooting problems with HealthCare.gov website A core group of contractors was tasked to quickly identify and fix problems Issues range from problems passing data to insurance companies to confusion over married couples
CNN  -- Hate to break it to you , girls -- and guys . John Legend tied the knot . To his model girlfriend . In Italy . Legend , 34 , married Sports Illustrated swimsuit model , Chrissy Teigen , on Saturday in Lake Como . The lovebirds ' wedding comes as no surprise . Teigen keeps an online blog , where she posts recipes and tidbits about her life with the famed crooner . Last September , she posted that it was their sixth anniversary . "  He still amazes me , loves me , frustrates me as much as he did years ago , " she posted . It has been a busy few weeks for the acclaimed singer . He released his latest album , "  Love in the Future , " two weeks ago .	Legend marries model girlfriend in Italy The acclaimed singer 's latest album is called "  Love in the Future "
CNN  -- Space shuttle Atlantis launched Monday afternoon to deliver key spare parts to prolong the life of the International Space Station . The shuttle lifted off as scheduled , at 2:28 p.m. ET from the Kennedy Space Center near Cape Canaveral . The delivery will add years to the station 's life after the space shuttle fleet is retired next year , according to NASA . Monday 's launch is among six planned before then . "  You 'll see this theme in some of the flights that are going to come after ours as well , " said Brian Smith , the lead space station flight director for the 11-day mission . "  This flight is all about spares . Basically , we 're getting them up there while we still can . " Some parts are for systems that keep the station from overheating or tumbling through space , according to NASA . "  We 're taking the big ones , " Smith said . "  And not only are they the big ones -- they 're the ones deemed most critical . That 's why they 're going up first . " The six-member crew will return to Earth with flight engineer Nicole Stott , who launched in August . CNN iReport : Share your photos , video of shuttle launch The mission also will include three spacewalks and installation of two platforms to the station 's backbone . The platforms will hold spare parts to sustain station operations after the shuttles are discontinued . "  As the only vehicle large enough to carry many of the big pieces of equipment into space , several of the flights are devoted to the task , " NASA said . iReporter attends NASA "  Tweet-up " Other items set for delivery include nitrogen and ammonia tank assemblies , a high-pressure gas tank and the station 's robotic arm . The tanks help cool and pressurize the station .	NEW : The Space Shuttle Atlantis blasted off Monday on schedule at 2:28 p.m. ET Shuttle launched on schedule from the Kennedy Space Center near Cape Canaveral The delivery of key spare parts will add years to the space station 's life The space shuttle fleet is to be retired next year
CNN  -- They are former Olympic doubles champions , but Switzerland 's "  dream team " of Roger Federer and Stanislas Wawrinka suffered another Davis Cup disaster on Saturday . Federer , a 17-time grand slam winner , and 2014 Australian Open champion Wawrinka crashed to a fourth successive defeat as a pairing in the international men 's tennis tournament as unfancied Kazakhstan took a 2-1 lead in the quarterfinal tie . Andrey Golubev , who upset Wawrinka in Friday 's singles , teamed up with debutant Aleksandr Nedovyesov to triumph 6-4 7-6  7-5  4-6 7-6  8-6  in match lasting just under three hours in Geneva . "  It feels special . That was my first match for the Kazakhstan Davis Cup team , " said Nedovyesov , whose only previous appearance in the competition was for his native Ukraine in 2005 . The 27-year-old is ranked 76th in singles and 126th in doubles . "  They are Olympic champions but honestly it does n't matter who I beat , I 'm just proud of my team and proud of my country , " he added . Russia-born Golubev , who is ranked 61st , continued his unbeaten run in the competition this season . "  Against those guys you have to play an almost perfect match and I 'm happy we did that today , " the 26-year-old said . Golubev , who won both singles matches in the opening round against Belgium , will play former world No. 1 Federer in what could be the decisive rubber on Sunday . Third-ranked Wawrinka will try to keep Switzerland 's semifinal hopes alive in the first of the reverse singles when he takes on world No. 56 Mikhail Kukushkin -- also born in Russia . Federer and Wawrinka were playing together for their country for the first time this season , but had lost their previous three matches in 2011 and 2012 following Olympic success at Beijing 2008 . "  I 'm not overly worried about what happened the last couple of days , " Federer said . "  We are good players and we are the favorites still for each singles reverse match but we have no more margin for error so we are aware of that and , who knows , that 's maybe going to make us play even better , so I 'm really excited about tomorrow . " The winner of this tie will next play either Italy or Great Britain , which took a 2-1 lead in Naples after Andy Murray won his rain-delayed singles match and then returned to the clay court to triumph in the doubles . The world No. 8 completed a 6-4 7-5 6-3 win over Andreas Seppi before teaming up with Colin Fleming to beat Fabio Bognini and Simone Bolelli 6-3 6-2 3-6 7-5 . Britain has not reached the semifinals since the World Group format was introduced in 1981 , while Italy 's last appearance was in 1998 . The defending champion Czech Republic team marched into the last four after sealing an unbeatable 3-0 lead against Japan in Tokyo . Lukas Rosol and Radek Stepanek won 6-4 6-4 6-4 against Tatsuma Ito and Yasutaka Uchiyama to set up a clash with either France or Germany . Both teams are missing their No. 1 player , with Tomas Berdych absent for the Czechs and the injured Kei Nishikori out for Japan . France 's hopes of a third semifinal in five years remain alive after Julien Benneteau and Michael Llodra beat Tobias Kamke and Andre Begemann 6-1 7-6  7-5  4-6 7-5 in Nancy . The visitors will seek to come from 2-0 down for the fourth time in the nation 's competition history , having last done so against Italy in 1996 . Meanwhile , Switzerland also suffered a defeat at WTA Tour tournament in Charleston , South Carolina on Saturday as highly-rated teenager Belinda Bencic lost in her first top-level semifinal . The 17-year-old upset Italian third seed Sara Errani at the Family Circle Cup on Friday , but could not repeat that form in another three-set match against Jana Cepelova . The 21-year-old Slovakian reached her first WTA final by triumphing 6-4 5-7 7-6  9-7  on the green clay . Ranked 78th , she followed up shock wins over world No. 1 Serena Williams , Russian Elena Vesnina and compatriot Daniela Hantuchova . Cepelova will next play German Andrea Petkovic , who beat young Canadian sixth seed Eugenie Bouchard 1-6 6-3 7-5 in Saturday 's opening semifinal . Bouchard beat former No. 1 Jelena Jankovic in her previous match but the 20-year-old -- who reached the Australian Open semifinals in January -- could not continue that form against Petkovic , a former top-10 player who is rebuilding her career after long-term injury problems .	Switzerland 2-1 down ahead of reverse singles in Davis Cup quarterfinal at home to Kazakhstan Andrey Golubev and Kazakh debutant Aleksandr Nedovyesov win Saturday 's doubles rubber Winner of the tie in Geneva will play Great Britain or Italy in the semifinals Defending champion Czech Republic progresses with 3-0 win in Japan
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- If he decides to run for president , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie will need to push back against the inevitable pressure that he will encounter to move to the right . Christie has emerged as one of the most exciting potential candidates for the GOP , a Republican who has been popular in a blue state and who has demonstrated the kind of straight talk with the media that voters find appealing . In New Jersey , a recent poll shows 30 % of the Democratic vote supporting Christie . His willingness to take on the barons of his own party , without capitulating to his Democratic opponents , has bolstered the impression that he would try to break the gridlock that has bogged down Washington , much as Barack Obama did as a presidential candidate in 2008 . His emphasis on budgetary conservatism rather than social and cultural conservatism also has the potential to win over moderate voters . The conventional wisdom will quickly push him to placate the right , even before he officially starts running , just in terms of what he does in a second term as governor of New Jersey . For decades , pundits and experts have constantly warned that the nature of the presidential primary system means that a candidate has to move far to the right within the GOP if he or she is going to win over voters who tend come out for these contests , voters who veer toward the extremes of the political spectrum . Yet the conventional wisdom tends to overstate the political benefits that Republican presidential candidates derive from shifting to the right and downplays the damage that is caused by such moves . At the most basic level , moderate Republicans , often governors , who try to dramatically transform their images for primary voters are usually not very effective . Conservatives do n't walk away feeling as if they are true bedfellows , and the rest of the voters are left to wonder how hard the candidate will really fight for a new agenda that crosses the partisan divide . Democrats are also given a treasure chest of controversial statements to paint their opponent as an extremist . In 2012 , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney tried to convince the right that he was a true conservative with hardline statements on health care and taxes that clearly contradicted his own political record in the Bay State . Rather than running on his record , Romney started to run away from it and tried to pretend he was a very different kind of candidate , a politician who was "  severely conservative , " as he later said . In the end , however , Republican primary voters did not pick Romney because he was a far-right conservative but because he appeared to be the most viable candidate for the general election . But by the time of the Republican convention , Romney 's flip-flopping made it hard to sell himself to voters as something different , and Obama pounded away on the conservative statements that came out of the primaries as evidence that Romney really was a right-wing conservative , more out of the tradition of Barry Goldwater than the tradition of Nelson Rockefeller . The story of a Republican governor in a blue state who had been able to work with Democrats to solve big problems like health care was impossible to tell . Christie should realize that he will never be a Sen. Ted Cruz , even to right-wing voters . What he will be able to sell to them in the primaries is the claim that his straight-talking , pragmatic approach to Republican politics will do better in the general election against a formidable candidate like Hillary Clinton and would probably do more to actually advance the party as well as legislation that matters to those who support the GOP . This is his best argument for the primaries and for the general election . The Republicans who have done best in presidential elections have steered clear of the right and offered themes that united their coalition and even attracted some Democrats . In 1968 and 1972 , Richard Nixon focused on the "  Silent Majority " of Americans who were unhappy with the anti-war protests taking place in the colleges and the urban riots . His main message , one that had broad appeal , was that the war in Vietnam was a disaster and that he would do better . Ronald Reagan , though closely aligned with the conservative movement , built his campaign in 1980 around the themes of anti-communism and anti-taxation -- as well as attacks on Jimmy Carter . In 1988 , George H.W. Bush did the same . His son George W. Bush promised voters an agenda of "  compassionate conservatism " in 2000 and national security in 2004 . Even the Republicans who gained the nomination and went on to lose in the general election tended to be the moderates in the primaries , not the candidates of the hard right . In 1976 , President Gerald Ford fended off a strong challenge from Reagan , who at that point made little effort to hide his right-wing allegiance . In 1992 , President Bush stifled a challenge from former Nixon speechwriter Patrick Buchanan , who made a hard pitch to social and cultural conservatives , while in 1996 , Republicans picked Senate Majority Leader Robert Dole over right-wing candidates like Buchanan . In 2008 , it was maverick and bipartisan bridge builder Sen. John McCain who won the nomination , a candidacy hurt only when he made his appeals to the right and undercut his greatest virtues as a politician , and in 2012 , it was Romney rather than the huge cast of conservatives who filled the airwaves . In all of these cases , it is true that the candidates appealed to the right during key primaries like South Carolina , but it remains far from clear that their victories rested on these kinds of obvious moments of political posturing as much as the overall viability of their candidacy for November . The costs outweighed the benefits . The point is that in presidential campaigns , moderation can be a powerful tool for Republican candidates . Christie has made a lot of progress over the past year in positioning himself as a potential candidate . He should look at the historical record before taking the bait to shift right . If Christie makes too many statements that undermine his image , he might very well hand the next Democratic candidate a victory before the campaigns even get under way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : Idea that GOP candidates must tack to the right to gain support is myth He says Chris Christie 's chances at presidency would be stronger if he stayed in center Christie appeals to Democratic voters ; running to the right would lose them , Zelizer says Zelizer : The most successful GOP presidential candidates have pushed moderate themes
CNN  Hi-ho , Kermit the Frog has some competition . A newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous Muppet . Bulging white eyes , Kelly green skin , the works . But the name 's not nearly so catchy as its famous counterpart : Hyalinobatrachium dianae , or Diane 's bare-hearted glassfrog . If you have to , you can call it H. dianae for short . Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica . This is big news in the scientific community . The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973 , according to the Costa Rican Amphibian Research Center . "  Costa Rica is known to have 14 glassfrogs inhabiting its tiny national territory ! " the center 's Facebook page said . It 's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly . You can see its internal organs from underneath . Miss Piggy was n't immediately available for comment .	The newly discovered species looks a lot like Kermit You can see its internal organs through the translucent skin on its belly
CNN  -- A Mexican woman -- a former inmate in Maricopa County , Arizona -- claims in a lawsuit that sheriff 's officers mistreated her during and after her pregnancy , including shackling her while she was in labor and after her Caesarean section . The federal suit filed by Miriam Mendiola-Martinez this week comes days after the U.S. Department of Justice alleged the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office , under the leadership of Sheriff Joe Arpaio , engaged in a pattern of discrimination against Latinos . Mendiola-Martinez 's suit is against the sheriff 's office , Arpaio , the Maricopa Medical Center and unidentified male and female officers , doctors and nurses . Mendiola-Martinez , a Mexican citizen , alleges in the suit she was arrested October 23 , 2009 , by Scottsdale , Arizona , police , and was booked into Maricopa County 's Estrella Jail on charges of identity theft . She was held without bond under Arizona law . According to the police report filed at the time of her arrest , Mendiola-Martinez was accused of using someone else 's name , date of birth and Social Security number to obtain work . She was arrested at her place of employment , a department store , while she was vacuuming the floor . When arrested , she was six months ' pregnant and had developed gestational diabetes and high blood pressure , according to the suit . On December 10 , 2009 , Mendiola-Martinez pleaded guilty to solicitation to commit forgery under a plea agreement . Her sentencing was set for December 24 . While incarcerated , in what her attorney , Joy Bertrand , called "  two months of hell , " Mendiola-Martinez says in the suit that she was told by jail staff she would receive a "  special " pregnancy diet . That diet , she claims , consisted of "  items such as two slices  of  cheese or ham , two slices of bread , indistinguishable cooked vegetables and occasionally a piece of fruit . " She also said she was given two small cartons of milk a day and a pill that she was told was a vitamin . On days when she was transported to court , Mendiola-Martinez said , she was given no food during the day . In one instance , she alleges in the suit , an officer taunted her and other inmates with his food , telling them there was no food for them . On December 20 , four days before her sentencing , Mendiola-Martinez began to have contractions , according to the suit . She was shackled at her ankles and taken to the Maricopa Medical Center , where medical personnel determined she was not in labor and returned her to the jail . By the following day , however , her pain had increased . "  Ms. Mendiola-Martinez had been left in the jail visitation room , in extreme pain , " the suit says . Guards ignored her attempts to speak to them in Spanish , so she asked an English-speaking person in the room to tell them she needed help . She was again taken to the Maricopa Medical Center , where she gave birth to a son via Caesarean section . She was shackled before and after the surgery , according to the suit . While she was recovering , a male correctional officer "  insisted that she be shackled to the hospital bed , " and the shackles on her feet were painful , according to the lawsuit . Asked about the allegations in 2010 , Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office Lt. Brian Lee said in a statement that Mendiola-Martinez "  was not shackled during or directly after her medical procedure . After the procedure , she did have a soft restraint attached on one leg to her bed to prevent escape . " Maricopa County sheriff 's spokesman Justin Griffin referred to the earlier statement when asked about the suit . Lee said Mendiola-Martinez was treated the way any other inmate would be while receiving treatment "  in an unsecured facility . Although she was being held on a Class Three felony , MCSO would have treated other inmates in the same manner . " Mendiola-Martinez was not initially shackled , thanks to a "  guardian angel " guard , Bertrand said , but "  she has her C-section , the guards change and this new guard comes in as she 's recovering from this major surgery and insists on shackling her to the bed . " "  It 's incredibly painful , it 's incredibly dangerous because now she ca n't move around , she ca n't avoid clotting , and he refuses to take the shackle off , " Bertrand said . Mendiola-Martinez was not allowed to hold or nurse her baby , the suit alleges . She was discharged on December 23 , but was not given a wheelchair to leave the hospital , the suit says . "  Wearing only a hospital gown , Ms. Mendiola-Martinez was forced to walk through the hospital with her hands and feet shackled , " according to the suit . Meanwhile , she began to bleed , the suit says . A nurse "  scolded " the corrections officer for taking her "  so quickly and without Ms. Mendiola receiving her pain medication or discharge paperwork , " so she was again chained and forced to walk back to the nurse 's station , according to the suit . "  Ms. Mendiola-Martinez was in so much pain she could hardly walk , " the suit says . "  Shackled at her hands and ankles , with a bleeding surgery wound , Ms. Mendiola-Martinez was returned to the Estrella jail . " She spent the nights following her discharge "  in pain and crying , " the suit says . Maricopa County Medical Center spokesman Michael Murphy , asked about shackling inmates in labor , said hospital staff defers to law enforcement , according to the suit . Hospital spokeswoman Judy Cane declined comment on the matter Wednesday . "  I 'd like to think that any woman held in that jail is going to be treated with respect and dignity , " Bertrand said . Mendiola-Martinez declined to be interviewed , saying she fears retaliation by the sheriff 's office . International standards say using restraints on pregnant women "  is cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment , and given medical or other factors impeding pregnant or birthing women from attempting escape or becoming violent , the presumption must be that no restraints should be applied , " the suit says . "  A woman 's privacy and dignity must be respected during labor and birth . " International standards also say a pregnant woman in her third trimester should not be restrained while being transported , and efforts should be made "  to afford the mother reasonable access to the baby without impeding her movements by restraints , " according to the suit . The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Medical Association oppose the shackling of women in labor or after delivery , the suit says . The Arizona Department of Corrections , the U.S. Marshals Service and the Federal Bureau of Prisons have all eliminated the practice . The suit claims officers violated Mendiola-Martinez 's rights , including her right to be protected from cruel and unusual punishment . Hospital staffers ' deferring to law enforcement officers regarding the shackling of women in labor and after delivery also "  demonstrates an ongoing policy of deliberate indifference to Ms. Mendiola-Martinez 's serious medical needs , " according to the suit . It also alleges that a U.S. citizen in a similar situation would be less likely to be shackled . "  Ms. Mendiola-Martinez was subject to a lower standard of medical care -- and a higher degree of danger to her and  her  fetus -- than similarly-situated women who are United States citizens , " the suit says . "  This disparate treatment is consistent with the findings of the United States Department of Justice regarding the systemic bias towards Latinos demonstrated by Sheriff Arpaio and the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office . " Arpaio is known as "  America 's toughest sheriff " for his stance against illegal immigration . He and his attorneys last week condemned the Justice Department civil rights investigation as politically motivated and a "  witch hunt . " Mendiola-Martinez seeks a jury trial and damages in the suit . Journalist Valeria Fernandez in Phoenix contributed to this report .	Miriam Mendiola-Martinez was arrested for using another identity to get a job She says she was shackled while in labor and afterward in Maricopa County custody She says she was also shackled while recovering from a C-section
CNN  -- David Moyes has been appointed as the new manager of Manchester United after agreeing a six-year deal . The 50-year-old , who will replace Alex Ferguson on July 1 , revealed his desire to leave current club Everton earlier Thursday . Moyes , who has been in charge at Goodison Park since 2002 , will take charge of the club 's final two Premier League games of the season before making the move to Old Trafford . "  It 's a great honor to be asked to be the next manager of Manchester United , " Moyes told United 's official website . "  I am delighted that Sir Alex saw fit to recommend me for the job . I have great respect for everything he has done and for the football club . "  I know how hard it will be to follow the best manager ever , but the opportunity to manage Manchester United is n't something that comes around very often and I 'm really looking forward to taking up the post next season . "  I have had a terrific job at Everton , with a tremendous chairman and Board of Directors and a great set of players . "  Between now and the end of the season , I will do everything in my power to make sure we finish as high as possible in the table . "  Everton 's fantastic fans have played a big part in making my years at Goodison so enjoyable and I thank them wholeheartedly for the support they have given me and the players . Everton will be close to me for the rest of my life . " Moyes has been publicly endorsed by Ferguson , who says his fellow Scot is the perfect man to take over at the helm . "  When we discussed the candidates that we felt had the right attributes we unanimously agreed on David Moyes , " Ferguson told the club 's official website . "  David is a man of great integrity with a strong work ethic . I 've admired his work for a long time and approached him as far back as 1998 to discuss the position of Assistant Manager here . "  He was a young man then at the start of his career and has since gone on to do a magnificent job at Everton . "  There is no question he has all the qualities we expect of a manager at this Club . " Delighted The appointment has been met with approval by leading players with defender Rio Ferdinand claiming the squad was "  delighted . " He told the club 's televisions station : "  I think it was important that the club made a decision quickly and it all got sorted out . I think the club have acted impeccably in that sense . "  The manager , I 'm sure , thought long and hard about his own decision , he made it and then the club acted swiftly and it 's great to see the new manager coming in . " "  Another reason I think it 's a good appointment is that David Moyes will be very , very open and sympathetic to the traditions of the club and he 'll try to continue that and not come in and make changes in terms of the whole characteristics of the club . " Moyes told Everton chairman Bill Kenwright of his desire to join Manchester United and succeed Ferguson on Wednesday . Moyes has never won a major trophy with Everton after more than a decade in the English top flight , but has consistently produced competitive teams on a tight budget . The Liverpool-based side has finished outside the Premier League 's top-10 only three times since he took over in 2002 , and qualified for the European Champions League in 2005 . "  Everton can confirm that David Moyes will leave the Club at the end of the season , " the Merseyside club said in a statement . "  The manager met chairman Bill Kenwright on Wednesday May 8 and confirmed his desire to join Manchester United . " The statement added : "  The chairman , on behalf of the club , would like to place on record his thanks to David for the massive contribution he has made to Everton since his arrival in March 2002 . He has been an outstanding manager . Moyes took charge of Everton on over 500 occasions with the club qualifying for Europe four times during his time as manager . His final two games as Everton manager will be against West Ham United and Chelsea . "  Everton officials will start the search for a replacement manager immediately , " added the Everton statement . Everton 's Belgian international Marouane Fellaini tweeted : "  Many Thanks Coach . " Moyes will now be in charge of a club that under Ferguson twice won Europe 's top competition and lifted the English championship 13 times following the 71-year-old 's arrival in 1986 . United is one of the world 's biggest sporting brands , worth a reported $ 3.17 billion , with a fan base of more than 650 million worldwide . Moyes arrives with United having sealed a series of lucrative sponsorship deals aimed at maximizing off-pitch revenue in order to be competitive under European football 's financial fair play rules . The club has been repaying large amounts of debt since it was bought by the American Glazer family in a highly leveraged # 800 million  $ 1.25 billion  takeover in 2005 . This month United reported record third-quarter earnings of # 91.7 million  $ 142 million  but an 18 % increase in operating expenses plus payments on a gross debt that has fallen to # 367.6 million  $ 572 million  meant a pre-tax loss of # 3.15 million  $ 4.9 million  for the period . Whether Moyes will be given significant funds to strengthen the squad for United 's EPL title defense remains to be seen -- Borussia Dortmund 's top scorer Robert Lewandowski has long been linked with a move to Old Trafford , but the Poland striker would command a hefty fee and wage packet . United did not have to pay Everton compensation for Moyes , as his contract had been due to expire in July . Moyes may need to find a replacement for Wayne Rooney , who has told the club he wants to leave according to British reports Thursday -- but United said he is not for sale . Moyes gave Rooney his debut as a 16-year-old at Everton but they fell out when the England striker left for Old Trafford in 2004 . Moyes later sued the player and his publisher over remarks made in his autobiography , but they settled out of court . Rooney handed in a transfer request in late 2010 , but was persuaded to stay by Ferguson and rewarded with a lucrative new contract that still has two years to run .	David Moyes will take over at Manchester United on July 1st Moyes has never won a trophy with Everton Everton finished outside the Premier League 's top-10 only three times in 11 years United had put a Facebook page inviting fans to send their welcome messages to Moyes
CNN  -- Florida highway patrol troopers plan to talk to pro golfer Tiger Woods on Saturday to get more information about his car crash near his home , a spokeswoman said . Woods was treated and released from a hospital after suffering minor injuries in a car accident early Friday in his central Florida neighborhood . State troopers had tried to speak to Woods on Friday as part of a routine car accident investigation , but his wife said he was sleeping , said Kim Miller , a spokeswoman for the Florida highway patrol . Troopers decided they would return Saturday afternoon , Miller said . Cellphone pictures of the accident from CNN affiliate WFTV A joint statement from Woods ' publicist and Health Central Hospital said the golfer was in "  good condition " after the accident outside his home . Tiger Woods : A true sporting legend The single-vehicle accident occurred about 2:25 a.m. in Windermere , a suburb of Orlando , according to police . Woods pulled out of his driveway in a 2009 Cadillac SUV and struck a fire hydrant , then a tree , according to an incident report from the Florida highway patrol in Orange County . Police Chief Daniel Saylor said two Windermere police officers were the first to arrive on the scene . "  There was Tiger Woods laying on the ground in front of the vehicle with his wife over him rendering first aid , " he told reporters . "  He was in and out of consciousness with lacerations to his upper and lower lip , " Saylor said . "  He was mumbling but did n't say anything coherent . " Woods ' wife , Elin Nordegren , told the police she was inside the house when she heard the accident . She said she went outside and used a golf club to break out the rear window of the vehicle , then pulled him from the SUV . "  According to the officers , yes , she was very upset , " he said in response to a question . But , he added , "  Things like this happen all the time ... I understand he 's stable and he 's fine . " About 10 minutes later , Orange County fire and rescue arrived and took him to Health Central Hospital , where he was treated and released , he said . The crash remains under investigation and charges were pending , the police report said . It also noted the accident was not alcohol-related . The SUV , which was drivable , was towed and state troopers did n't take pictures of the scene , she said . Saylor said the vehicle 's front end was damaged . The 33-year-old golf phenomenon has won the Masters tournament and the PGA tournament each four times , and three U.S. Open Championships . He was set to host and play the Chevron World Challenge on Monday at Sherwood Country Club in Thousand Oaks , California . Woods has won the tournament -- which helps raise money for Tiger Woods Foundation programs -- four times . Woods has won six times on the PGA tour this year after returning from knee surgery . In a post on his blog last month , Woods said he was "  absolutely thrilled " about his PGA tour , adding , "  This has been one of my most consistent years on the PGA tour . " Woods and his wife have two children , ages 2 and a baby born in February . CNN 's Kim Segal contributed to this report	Police found Tiger Woods on ground in front of car with cuts on lips Wife Elin Nordegren told police she smashed window with golf club to get him out Woods was to host , play Chevron World Challenge on Monday in California His Cadillac SUV struck fire hydrant , then tree , according to Florida Highway Patrol
CNN  -- While some experts expected 2013 would be the year that Florida 's population edged out New York 's , the Empire State barely held its spot as the nation 's third most populous , according to data released Monday by the U.S. Census Bureau . While Florida continues to trail New York slightly , the updated numbers show the population gap closing . The two states are separated by about 100,000 people . Last year , New York had about 250,000 more people than Florida . New York 's population is 19.65 million , according to the 2013 estimates , and Florida 's is 19.55 million . "  This has been going on for many years , it 's not a recent phenomenon , " said Stan Smith , population program director at the University of Florida 's Bureau of Economic and Business Research  BEBR  . "  After many years of higher growth , Florida is now poised to overtake New York within the next couple of years . " Smith predicted the two states would trade places in the population ranking next year . Andrew Beveridge , a sociology professor at Queens College in New York , had predicted before Monday 's report that the event would likely occur this year . "  It will pass next year , the next time these are done , " Beveridge said Monday . "  If it does n't pass , it means there will be a change in pattern . " The U.S. population is a little more than 316 million , up an estimated 2.25 million since 2012 , according to the report . The most recently released census data fall in line with long-term trends , Beveridge said . Southern and Southwestern states continue to gain relative to those in the Northeast , Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions . The data also show that growth patterns are returning to normal after the financial crisis , which temporarily slowed growth in Florida and other states , Beveridge said . From April 2010 to July 2012 , Florida 's population grew about 2.7 % . In the same period , New York 's grew only 1 % . The national growth rate for the period was 1.7 % . While New York City and its surrounding suburbs , the Albany area , and Ithaca are all growing , much of upstate New York is experiencing declines in population , Beveridge said . Manufacturing jobs have diminished in northern New York cities like Rochester , Buffalo and Syracuse . Florida , on the other hand , is seeing a jump in tourism , real estate , construction , medicine and finance . But immigration is also an important factor in explaining Florida 's rise . "  Florida 's growth for many years has been due primarily to migration , " Smith said . "  Typically , 80 to 90 % of growth in the state has to do with people moving in . " The spike in migration includes people moving from other states as well as from abroad , Smith said . Based on responses to BEBR surveys , Smith said , most people moving to Florida do so for job-related reasons . The state also draws retirees seeking a warmer climate . When Florida surpasses and continues to outpace New York in population , it will likely end up with more seats in the U.S. House of Representatives after the next official census , in 2020 . After the last release of official census data , from 2010 , New York lost two seats and Florida gained two . Both states now have 27 House members . California  38.33 million  is still far and away the most populous state , according to Monday 's report . Texas , where an estimated 26.45 million people live , is second .	Census estimate : Florida , expected to overtake New York in population , remains No. 4 The U.S. population estimate grew by about 2 million since the 2012 estimate Recent data show growth patterns normalizing after the financial crisis
CNN  -- The heady days of New York epitomized by Wall Street excess and rampant wealth may seem a far-flung memory , but the city still retains its buzz , its high-octane spirit that is the essence of its magical personality as a place where anything can happen . The original 24 hour city , but still the best ? You can turn a trip to NYC into anything you want it to be . New York remains firmly in first place as the world 's 24 hour city , with nearly anything accessible at any hour . There is a frustratingly vast number of sights to see , places to eat , shopping , partying and serious cultural gems dotted throughout the place . So many films , books , television shows and musicians have personified New York that it 's hard not to feel you already know it before you arrive . While many of those stereotypes ring true , entering the city -- whether the first or twentieth time -- with an open mind will make each visit seem an adventure . At first , the glittering , noisy and even rude aspect of the city may send timid visitors running . Look below the surface and you may see more than just shimmering skyscrapers and neatly manicured inhabitants but a multifarious bunch of people somehow co-existing astonishing well within the city 's grid structure . Despite their sometimes alarming candor , New Yorkers are as much a part of the city 's entertainment as catching a Broadway show . A starting point for 24 hours in the city should begin with breakfast or brunch New York style : eggs  however you 'd like  and some good strong coffee to charge you up for the day . Almost every corner of Manhattan has a local diner , otherwise head downtown to breakfast stalwarts Bubby 's or Kitchenette in Tribeca , or more recent favorite New French in the West Village . Continue south to Lower Manhattan , with an excursion on the free , 25-minute  each way  Staten Island ferry . The views of downtown , the Statue of Liberty , and Ellis Island give a closer glimpse of what it must have been like to arrive in the city as an immigrant in days past . Next head up to lively Chinatown to shop and bargain for knock-off designer handbags and various tat around Canal Street . If feeling peckish , have dim sum at New Green Bo Restaurant , known for its no-frills decor and delicious dumplings . Or continue on to Nolita  via Little Italy  to lunch at cool , low-key Café Gitane , or in SoHo at the beautiful French restaurant Balthazar  often a hangout of celebs  . Shoppers will want to save time for the boutiques of Nolita and the higher-end designer shops in SoHo . If strolling is your thing , do n't miss the opportunity to wander the leafy , village-like streets of the West Village . Loads of tiny boutiques  many of which have gone high-end in years past  , inviting sidewalk cafes and the general laid-back style of the place seem the perfect antidote to otherwise hectic areas of town . Art enthusiasts should head straight to West Chelsea next , where there are enough galleries to spend several days . The Chelsea Gallery District is home to New York 's contemporary art scene and sits over near the Hudson River , spanning several streets going north . Outdoor lovers will also be enticed to the West Chelsea neighborhood as the New York High Line is opening in June 2009 . The former elevated railroad has been converted into a park including floating ponds , sundecks and lookout spots over the Hudson River and Manhattan . One of the city 's most exciting recent projects , the public park will span 22 blocks  once it 's all open in 2010  , a huge accomplishment after many locals fought for years to turn it into green space . After a rest in the park , take in Midtown for its neck-wrenching skyscrapers . Admire the Chrysler Building , the city 's homage to art deco , and gape up at the city 's tallest building , the Empire State Building . Stop in Grand Central Terminal , taking note of its Beaux Arts beauty and its constellation-inspired ceiling , where you may have time to sneak a drink in the tucked away , wood-paneled Campbell Apartment bar . Then admire the nineteen buildings comprising Rockefeller Center , before glimpsing at St. Patrick 's Cathedral across the street .  Shoppers beware : the temptations of Fifth Avenue shops and department stores may pull you off schedule here  . If your feet can still keep up the pace , stroll up to Central Park , for a glimpse of New Yorkers oasis of green . A variety of activities in the park will amuse you , from sporty rollerbladers dancing around to the peaceful Conservatory Gardens where you can rest . Cultural buffs should head up the park 's east side to the Metropolitan Museum of Art . It could easily command several hours if not days , but if short on time choose one section . All nearby , the Frick Collection , Guggenheim Museum and Whitney Museum are each possible on their own in an hour or two . Time for a tea or coffee break ? Visit the pretty Viennese Café Sabarsky inside the Neue Galerie , or stop in for a chi-chi cocktail at the Carlyle Hotel nearby . For a classic New York dining experience in an elegant setting , end the perfect New York day at Gramercy Tavern before retiring to a nearby bar for a nightcap . Otherwise , if a Broadway show is on the agenda , visit Times Square by night , taking in the dazzling lights and mayhem of New York 's entertainment district . For cheap theater tickets , visit either the TKTS booth in Times Square at 47th Street and Broadway , or call ahead to the selected theater to see if last-minute "  rush " tickets are available . Another option , head downtown to hear some jazz in Greenwich Village at the Village Vanguard or the Blue Note , or take in some drinks in one of many of New York 's watering holes . A few favorites include Simone Martini Bar in the East Village , Sunita in the Lower East Side or Epistrophy in Nolita .	The original 24-hour city has plenty of offer for first - or tenth-time visitors Fuel up for the day with a typical NYC breakfast and head to lower Manhattan Mid-town sights and shopping can provide plenty to delight and distract It remains an international city where you can make your own adventures
LifeWire  -- Charlotte Eulette of Montclair , New Jersey , ceremoniously reclaimed her maiden name and slipped a ring from her mother on her newly bare wedding ring finger . Charlotte Eulette donned a shiny cocktail dress for her divorce celebration to reflect her goal to "  shine on . " Cathryn Michon hit the Los Angeles restaurant Mr. Chow with some friends who 'd brought divorce gifts . In Las Vegas , reality-show regular Shanna Moakler served a three-tiered gateau -- complete with knife-wielding-bride cake topper  and matching dead groom  -- to attendees after her  first  split from Travis Barker . If just discussing divorce in public seemed taboo a few years ago , the growing trend of divorce celebrations is helping lessen the stigma surrounding the end of marriage . "  Yes , it 's sad and it 's painful , but it 's not failure , " says Christine Gallagher , the owner of Los Angeles event company The Divorce Party Planner and the author of a book by the same name . "  It 's part of life , and yet it 's the only major event for which we have no ritual . "  A celebration communicates that divorce is OK -- life-affirming , even . " Michon , 38 , agrees . "  It 's like an Irish wake . Just because there 's been a death does n't mean you ca n't have food and drink , acknowledge the past and hope good things for the future . It 's about closure . " Bearing witness , wedding-style "  At a wedding , you gather friends and family around and say , ` Support us on this journey , ' " says Eulette , 49 , whose 2003 post-split bash was attended by the same klatch of far-flung friends and relatives as her wedding . "  A divorce ceremony is a way to gather them around and say , ` I 'm moving on . Please support me . ' " And that support , says Michon , is also practical in nature . "  If you split up , someone 's getting the blender and someone 's not , " she says . "  My own celebration was a way for my friends to say , ` We love you no matter what , and by the way , here are a few appliances you 're missing . ' "  Believe me , a toaster means a lot more when your heart 's broken than on your wedding day , " says Michon , a writer , who recently organized a divorce registry at Target for another friend . "  Especially if you 're out thousands of dollars in legal fees . " Divorce parties : One size does n't fit all Just as no two weddings are alike , divorcees are seeking out  or creating from scratch  marriage-ending markers that resonate with them . In Britain , the Great Northern Firework Company offers a divorce-package fireworks display . Godammo.com will melt and mold your wedding ring into a  gunpowder-free  bullet , and WeddingRingCoffin.com sells just that : a practical , dignified way to bury your dead marriage 's hardware . "  Burning is big , " says Gallagher , who 's seen everything from wedding dresses to a husband 's trophy deer head go up in flames at divorce celebrations organized by her event-planning outfit . The parties -- two or three per month -- serve up signature cocktails with names like the So Long and the Sucker , split-themed soundtracks  "  Hit the Road , Jack " and "  I Will Survive " are popular  and dartboards adorned with the ex 's face . "  A divorce party makes more sense than a bachelor party , " says Marc Tadros of Montreal V.I.P. , whose luxury divorce getaways have drawn customers , about 20 percent of them female , from as far away as Ireland and Germany . "  It 's a good time to blow off steam , work on your social networking skills . " Focusing on the future "  Having six or 10 martinis may work for some people , but mine was n't an ex-bashing ceremony , " says Joann Lane , 50 , a wedding officiant whose party took place five years after the divorce and was attended by the couple 's four sons , along with her current and former boyfriends . "  I wanted to acknowledge the good that came out of the marriage , and let go of the anguish . " In that spirit , Eulette 's foundation  and her full-time job  Celebrants USA , which is devoted to celebrating life 's milestones , organizes 10 to 15 divorce events each year to help people craft rituals that have meaning for them . One of Eulette 's clients celebrated his divorce by gluing back together a broken glass , in a reversal of the Jewish tradition of smashing a glass at the end of the wedding ceremony . "  It 's not a hullabaloo ; it 's about healing and transition , " Eulette says . "  And everyone has their own story in a divorce -- there 's no blueprint for moving forward like there is with marriage . " Ottawa wellness counselor Lucy MacDonald cautions divorcées to consider their motives in hosting a celebration , and not to overlook the key to emotional recovery after divorce : forgiveness , of oneself and one 's ex . "  If you 're feeling bitter , angry or antagonistic , a divorce party may bring out the worst in you , " warns MacDonald . "  But if you 've accepted your divorce as the next step in your growth as a person , your party is a signal to everyone that you 're OK and looking to the future . " E-mail to a friend LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers . Elizabeth Bougerol is a writer living in New York .	Some people are marking the end of their marriages with ceremony One ceremony acknowledged the good , released the anguish Other people hold an Irish wake-style divorce party Organizer : Wedding dresses , husband 's trophy deer head can burn
Chick-fil-A restaurants ' philanthropic WinShape Foundation no longer funds the most controversial and politically charged anti-same-sex-marriage groups and has not since 2011 , according to Campus Pride , a leading national LGBT campus organization . Campus Pride issued a statement Monday claiming that Chick-fil-A gave the organization 's executive director , Shane Windmeyer , access to WinShape 's 2011 "  990 " tax documents . He said they show that the nearly $ 6 million in outside grant funding "  focuses on youth , education , marriage enrichment and local communities " and that in the list of the foundation 's beneficiaries , "  the most divisive , anti-LGBT groups are no longer listed . " Among those groups were the Family Research Council , Eagle Forum and Exodus International . Windmeyer acknowledged that WinShape continues to fund groups that do n't condone same-sex marriage based on biblical beliefs but says these groups , such as the Fellowship of Christian Athletes , do n't operate with the same hard-nosed political agenda the other groups are known for . Chick-fil-A President Dan Cathy sparked controversy last July when he weighed in on same-sex marriage , telling The Baptist Press , "  We are very much supportive of the family -- the biblical definition of the family unit . " Read more : Chicken , with a side of politics Gay rights groups were most incensed about the chain 's financial support for what they called anti-gay groups . The ensuing debate included politicians from Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel to former GOP presidential candidate Rick Santorum . Some proponents of same-sex marriage called for a boycott of the chain , which had annual sales of more than $ 4.1 billion last year . It has more than 1,615 locations in 39 states and Washington , and they are closed on Sundays . Many who agreed with Cathy took the opportunity to share their beliefs on August 1 , dubbed "  Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day " by former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee . Their purchase of chicken sandwiches and nuggets to show their support for the restaurant chain and its president brought the restaurant chain record sales . The Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation then promoted a National Same-Sex Kiss Day at Chick-fil-A restaurants across the country on August 3 . "  Students on college campuses have been concerned with the giving practices of Chick-fil-A for years , " Windmeyer said . "  Those comments just added fuel to the fire . " Students protested on both sides of the issue , and some schools weighed the possibility of removing Chick fil-A from cafeterias and dining halls . However , Windmeyer says many people -- perhaps even himself -- did not take the opportunity to embrace the opportunity for civil discussion on the issue . "  There was a lot of divisiveness and hate on both sides , " said Windmeyer . "  It was like the Chick-fil-A brand was a chicken sandwich with purpose . " What does free speech mean to you ? Chick-fil-A debate strikes nerve Windmeyer says Cathy called him August 10 . He expected an argument , yelling , anger , maybe even a lawyer to jump on the line , but instead there was an hour-long private conversation . After months of conversations , e-mails and text messages , Windmeyer says , he has developed a personal relationship with Cathy , met his family and even attended the Chick-fil-A Bowl , a college football game on New Year 's Eve . "  It is about opposing viewpoints , not opposing people , " Windmeyer said . "  Dan cares about young people and was upset to hear how his company was being used to hurt LGBT students . " Campus Pride says that after Windmeyer and Cathy began to discuss their beliefs and points of view , it suspended a national college campaign against the restaurant in an "  effort to find common ground " around the values of respect and dignity Chick fil-A published on its website . "  The Chick-fil-A controversy continues to impact the lives of LGBT students and provides an opportunity for every college campus to assess their LGBT institutional commitment , " Windmeyer said . "  Administrators have a responsibility to ensure a safe learning environment and should recognize the toll of the controversy by committing resources and services to ensure LGBT students feel safe and welcome on campus . " Neither Chick-fil-A nor the WinShape Foundation returned calls seeking comment . According to its website , Chick-fil-A -- a privately held chicken restaurant chain -- has more than 1,615 locations in 39 states and Washington , D.C. , with annual sales of over $ 4.1 billion in 2011 . Opinion : The right way and the wrong way to protest Chick-fil-A WinShape Foundation filed the tax forms on November 15 , according to Campus Pride , and they are public information that will be released by the IRS when it deems fit . Tax-exempt organizations and nonprofits such as the WinShape Foundation must file 990 documents each year and release a list of organizations that received support .	Campus Pride says it received philanthropic foundation 's tax forms WinShape Foundation quit funding some controversial groups in 2011 , official says Chick-fil-A president sparked debate last year with comments on same-sex marriage Campus Pride 's leader says he 's developed relationship with Chick-fil-A chief
MIDDLESBROUGH , England -- Middlesbrough have confirmed that midfielders Fabio Rochemback and Gaizka Mendieta and striker Dong Gook Lee have all been released . Middlesbrough have decided against taking up the option of re-signing Brazilian midfielder Fabio Rochemback . The Premier League club had an option to extend Brazilian Rochemback 's deal by another two years , but manager Gareth Southgate has decided to let him go . "  We both feel that the time is right for Fabio to have a fresh challenge , " Southgate said . "  He is a talented footballer and I think he 's just had his best season for us , while it was fitting that he should bow out against Manchester City on Sunday with probably his best performance in a Middlesbrough shirt . " The 26-year-old joined Boro from Barcelona in 2005 and played 91 games for the Teesside club . He signed off in style by scoring a thumping long-range free-kick in Sunday 's 8-1 victory over City . Rochemback , who netted seven times for Boro , played a major role in helping the club reach the 2006 UEFA Cup final , a year after appearing in the final during a loan spell with Sporting Lisbon -- where he is expected to move back to this summer . Mendieta , 34 , was one of football 's costliest players when he joined Lazio from Valencia for 48 million euros in 2001 , but he disappointed and joined Barcelona and then Boro on loan . The former Spain midfielder joined permanently on a free transfer in 2004 , but has not played for the first team since December 26 , 2006 . "  It was a difficult situation for a player of Gaizka 's caliber to find himself out of the first team reckoning , " added Southgate . "  I made it clear to him that he did not figure in my plans but he decided to stay and try to get back into the first team . "  That did n't work out but his attitude to training was always excellent and he was a good influence on some of our young reserve team players . " South Korean international Lee joined Boro on a free transfer from Pohang Steelers in January 2007 . He scored only twice in 11 starts and 18 appearances as a substitute and has not appeared for the first team since early February . Southgate is still hopeful of persuading goalkeeper Mark Schwarzer to sign a new contract at the Riverside . The 35-year-old Australian joined Boro from Bradford City in a $ 3 million deal in February 1997 and has played nearly 450 games for the club . His deal runs out this summer and he has so far refused to sign an extension , prompting reports of interest from a host of European clubs . "  We are talking to Mark . I 'd like him to stay . His experience is important but he has real drive and determination that is still increasing , " said Southgate . "  He is the one in our dressing room that can truly say he has played at the highest level -- in World Cups , in Europe , in cup finals and so on . "  We have to negotiate and see where we go , but players have to want to stay here and we have to want to keep them . "  Mark has been here a long time so he has to decide if he needs a fresh challenge , whether what we are trying to do is going to excite him , whether he feels he is going to be appreciated here . " Southgate also confirmed they have offered striker Tom Craddock and right-back Tony McMahon one-year extensions to their current deals , which run out this summer . Brazilian Rivaldo has changed his mind about retiring and says he will play for Greek club AEK again next season . The 36-year-old had decided to quit after AEK were denied the title because Olympiakos were awarded three points for a game they lost after the opposing team fielded an ineligible player . "  The truth is that at the end of the championship , I felt great disappointment and a  sense of  injustice , but the love and support I have received from fans and the team have contributed to my final decision ... I have decided to stay at AEK next season , " Rivaldo said in a statement on the club 's Web site . Olympiakos lost 1-0 on February 3 , but Greek sports authorities gave them the points because Apollon played Roman Wallner who had turned out for two other clubs during the season . Apollon 's appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport was rejected on April 21 . Olympiakos finished the season with 70 points , two ahead of AEK , for their 11th title in 12 years . Rivaldo , who has played at AC Milan and Barcelona and starred in Brazil 's 2002 World Cup victory , spent three seasons at Olympiakos from 2004 . He moved to AEK last year after a contract dispute . Tottenham midfielder Jamie O'Hara has signed a new three-year contract with the club . The 21-year-old made his debut this season and went on to score two goals in a total 25 appearances . "  He has come a long way in a short space of time so I congratulate him and this new contract is recognition of his efforts , " said manager Juande Ramos . "  Jamie is an example to all the young players at the club in that reaching the first team can be achieved through hard work and giving the best of yourself . " However , Tottenham goalkeeper Radek Cerny has left the club . The 34-year-old Czech international , who was on loan from Sparta Prague , has joined ambitious Championship club Queens Park Rangers on a two-year contract .	Middlesbrough release midfielders Fabio Rochemback and Gaizka Mendieta The Premier League club decide not to take up option on Rochemback 's deal Rivaldo changes mind about retirement and will continue at AEK next season
CNN  -- Two California teens who stranded themselves atop a windy , 8,600-foot-high cliff ended up being rescued in what resembled a movie scene , according to authorities . The boys , 16 and 17 , were hoisted off the cliff in the Sierra Buttes in Northern California on Saturday , according to the California Highway Patrol . The CHP sent a helicopter and a small plane to retrieve the teens , who had stranded themselves on a narrow shelf on the cliff while hiking . It took several attempts to hoist the boys as winds blew in excess of 20 mph , according to a CHP news release . Rescuers gave them instructions via loud speaker and used a camera system to zoom in to watch the teens safely harness themselves . One teen was hoisted and flown to a designated landing zone on State Highway 49 before the rescue was repeated with the other boy .	The boys , 16 and 17 , were hoisted off the cliff in the Sierra Buttes in California They had stranded themselves atop a windy , 8,600-foot-high cliff
CNN  -- A former University of Georgia professor , wanted in the fatal shootings of his wife and two other people over the weekend , purchased a plane ticket to the Netherlands for May 2 , authorities said Monday . An alert on the UGA Web site says professor George Zinkhan is a suspect in an off-campus shooting . A nationwide manhunt for George Zinkhan , 57 , extended into a third day with no sign of him , authorities said . Zinkhan was a marketing professor at the university 's Terry College of Business , but was terminated on Sunday , the day after the shootings , university officials said . Zinkhan had previously purchased the plane ticket to the Netherlands , said Gregory Jones , special agent in charge for the FBI 's Atlanta , Georgia , office . Authorities say Zinkhan owns a home in Amsterdam , Netherlands . The FBI is working with its agents overseas and police in the Netherlands , Jones said . A nationwide alert for Zinkhan has been issued by Athens-Clarke County police . The shootings took place at a community theater group 's reunion Saturday in Athens , Georgia , just off campus . Police Capt. Clarence Holeman identified the victims as Marie Bruce , 47 , Zinkhan 's wife and a prominent Athens attorney ; Tom Tanner , 40 ; and Ben Teague , 63 . The university terminated Zinkhan on Sunday , President Michael Adams told reporters on Monday . Police said Zinkhan has relatives in Texas and owns a home in Amsterdam , Netherlands . He was last seen driving a red , 2005 Jeep Liberty after the shootings Saturday . Authorities do not believe Zinkhan is still on campus or in the city of Athens , University Police Chief Jimmy Williams said Monday . As a precaution , he added , security has been beefed up on campus , including officers on foot patrols carrying semiautomatic weapons . The victims were all associated with the Town and Gown Players , a theater group that was holding a reunion picnic at the time of the shootings . "  The three people we lost  Saturday  were a part of the rich 50-year history of this theater and , more than that , were vital members of the Town and Gown family , " the organization said Sunday on its Web site . The site described Bruce as "  the binding force that held the Town and Gown community together . " "  Having worked with Town and Gown for over 20 years , at one time or another she served in every capacity at the theater , artistically and administratively , from leading lady to president of the board to chief cook and bottle washer . " Holeman said Saturday , "  It appeared  Zinkhan  and his wife  Bruce  were having problems . " Meanwhile , the university said that classes would be held Monday , as the school term enters its final week . In a letter "  to the members of the University of Georgia community " posted on the school 's Web site , Adams said operations would continue uninterrupted . But , "  I urge everyone to continue to exercise caution until the suspect is apprehended , " Adams said . Adams ' letter said counseling would be available to any member of the faculty or staff and to students . The university 's annual end-of-year campus memorial service , in which those lost over the past year are remembered , is scheduled for Tuesday night , Adams said . Victims of Saturday 's shooting will be honored at that service . Police said Zinkhan was not at the Town and Gown event originally but arrived and , according to Holeman of the Athens police , got into "  a disagreement " with his wife . He left the scene , and police believe he went to his car , where the couple 's children apparently were waiting , and returned with two handguns . The shootings "  only took a few minutes , " Holeman said . Police found eight shell casings . After the shooting , Zinkhan left the scene with his children -- ages 8 and 10 -- still in the vehicle , police said . He drove to a neighbor 's home in nearby Bogart , Georgia , where he lived and left the children there . The neighbor , Bob Covington , told CNN that Zinkhan arrived at his home shortly after noon with the two children . "  He rang the doorbell , asked me if I could keep his kids for about an hour , " Covington said . "  I said sure , and he said there 'd been some type of emergency , and he took off . " Zinkhan seemed hurried and agitated but that seemed consistent with an emergency , Covington said . He did n't question Zinkhan about the emergency , Covington said , adding that it was n't unusual for someone in his family to watch the children . An hour or so later , he said , police arrived and took the children . Police searched Zinkhan 's home on Saturday , but there was no indication of what evidence they might have gathered there . University police were assisting Athens-Clarke County police in their investigation , officials said Monday . The university activated its alert system following the shooting with a description of the suspect , said spokesman Tom Jackson . Statistics show the university was able to reach 82 percent of the 64,000 people it attempted to contact , he said , adding that some of the calls went to university offices unstaffed on weekends . An alert was also posted on the school 's Web site , and an all-campus e-mail was sent Saturday night . Adams said the university 's provost and deans would determine how to handle the remainder of classes and exams for the classes -- one graduate and one undergraduate -- taught by Zinkhan .	NEW : Plane ticket to Netherlands dated May 2 , FBI says Nationwide alert issued for UGA marketing professor George Zinkhan Zinkhan suspected in shooting deaths of wife , two others , at theater reunion Suspect apparently dropped children off at a neighbor 's house before fleeing
Washington  CNN  -- A new national poll in the battle for the 2016 Democratic and Republican presidential nominations indicates what you would expect : Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming Democratic frontrunner , and there 's no real leader among the possible GOP White House hopefuls . But if you get beyond the obvious , the CNN/ORC International survey released Monday becomes more revealing . It showed 65 % of Democrats and independents who lean toward that party say they would likely back Clinton as their presidential nominee . Vice President Joe Biden comes in a distant second , at 10 % , with freshman Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts at 7 % , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo at 6 % , and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley at 2 % . The CNN survey is in line with previous polls from other organizations conducted earlier this year that indicated Clinton , who has not said whether she 'll run , is far ahead of all the other possible Democratic candidates . Hillary Clinton : Syria weapons handover would be ` important step ' Even though the next race for the White House is a long way away , there 's already intense speculation over whether the former secretary of state will make a second bid for president . As with previous surveys this year , the new CNN poll also indicates no GOP frontrunner . Seventeen percent of Republicans and Independents who lean toward the GOP say they are likely to support New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , with 16 % backing Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , the House Budget Committee chairman and 2012 Republican vice presidential nominee . Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky is at 13 % ; former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush at 10 % ; Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida at 9 % ; Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas at 7 % , and former Sen. Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania , a 2012 Republican presidential candidate who battled eventual nominee Mitt Romney deep into the primary season , at 5 % . Opinion : A reversal for GOP and Democrats Rubio 's number stands out . The first-term senator , considered a rock star among many Republicans , registered in the upper teens in polls of the possible GOP 2016 horserace conducted by other organizations earlier this year . But Rubio 's support of immigration reform -- he was a high profile member of a bipartisan group of senators who pushed immigration reform passage through the Senate this spring -- may have hurt his standing with many conservative voters opposed to such efforts . Santorum 's 5 % is also interesting . "  It 's often said -- and it 's usually true -- that polls taken years before the first presidential primaries are mostly tests of name recognition . But clearly  it 's  something more than name recognition when it comes to Santorum , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Santorum is well-known to GOP voters -- he had months of national exposure in the 2012 primaries , and since the start of the modern primary system in the 1970s , the GOP has tended to nominate the candidate who was the runner-up the last time the party had an open race for the nomination . But Santorum is not just in the middle of the pack -- he is currently running dead last out of the eight candidates tested , " adds Holland . Santorum : The U.S. has no national security interest in Syria Christie may be on top of the list , but he 's not first in the minds of conservatives , who dominate more moderate Republicans in the GOP primaries and caucuses . According to the poll , only 8 % of Republicans who consider themselves conservatives say they would be likely to back Christie , compared to 28 % of self-described moderate Republicans . In the potential Democratic battle , the survey indicates Clinton performing better with women  76 %  than men  52 %  . And Biden scores higher with voters age 50 and older  18 %  than those younger than 50  5 %  . Biden : House Republicans ` Neanderthals ' With the start of the primary and caucus calendar more than two years off , take this survey and others with a grain of salt . "  Polls taken two to three years before an election have absolutely no predictive value , " adds Holland . "  Do not treat this as a prediction of what will happen in 2016 . " Biden courts presidential speculation with Iowa trip The CNN poll was conducted by ORC International September 6-8 , with 1,022 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error for Democratic and GOP primary questions is plus or minus 4.5 percentage points . The sample included 218 respondents who describe themselves as Republicans and 234 who describe themselves as independents who lean towards GOP , for a total of 452 Republicans , and 311 respondents who describe themselves as Democrats and 137 who describe themselves as independents who lean Democratic , for a total of 448 Democrats .	Biden distant second to Hillary Clinton in a new poll on 2016 presidential nod The poll also indicates no frontrunner for the 2016 GOP nomination at this point Seventeen percent of Republicans and GOP-leaning independents likely to support Chris Christie But the poll also indicates problems for Christie with conservative Republicans ; Rubio number drops
CNN  -- At the heart of a $ 600 million complex of Miami condominium and office towers , a network of holes in the ground has provided new insight into the people who were there first . The holes lay out the foundations of a prehistoric settlement of the ancient Tequesta tribe at the confluence of the Miami River and Biscayne Bay . The Tequesta lived in what 's now metro Miami until the 1700s , and the holes held pine posts that framed their thatched buildings . "  We got to the point in recent months where we realized this was n't an isolated circle or structure but a whole complex of buildings , " said archaeologist Bob Carr , whose company was hired to conduct a historical analysis of the building site . The settlement is likely to have been home to hundreds of people , perhaps as many as 1,000 . "  In some ways , I would say it 's probably the best-preserved prehistoric town plan in eastern North America , " Carr said . Since October , his team has unearthed several thousand holes carved into the limestone that makes up Miami 's bedrock . In addition to the circular layouts , the team found linear structures Carr said may have been boardwalks for the waterfront settlement . The site also houses the foundations of the Royal Palm Hotel , one of the resorts built by legendary Florida developer Henry Flagler in the late 19th century . But the post holes and various pieces of pottery recovered at the site over the years date back to 500-600 B.C. , Carr said . The discovery means a new hurdle for the Metropolitan Miami complex , which is nearing completion after more than a decade of work . The site is slated to house Met Square , a residential/retail building with a movie theater , but city officials still have to sign off on the final plans . "  This is the last element of a very extensive downtown development project , all of which has been hugely successful , " said Gene Stearns , a lawyer for the Metropolitan Miami developers . The developers have proposed cutting out a section of the limestone , rebuilding a Tequesta structure on top of it using the original post holes and putting it on display in Met Square . The structure would be paired with a model of the native village based on the layout Carr 's team has discovered , Stearns said . "  The point of it is to create knowledge -- not just to save things but to understand them , " Stearns said . The company 's plan would allow the public to learn more about the site than they would if the site were simply preserved as is , as another Tequesta site nearby -- the "  Miami Circle , " identified in 1998 -- has been , he said . But the plans will need to be approved by Miami 's Historic Preservation Board , which meets on February 14 , and then the City Commission . Met Square "  is a critical element of the entire plan , and the developer needs to meet the schedule , " Stearns said . "  It 's already been delayed for the years it took to do this analysis , and it 's time here to move on . " Ryan Franklin of the Archaeological and Historical Conservancy told CNN Miami affiliate WFOR he is concerned that the historic integrity of the site could be lost , even with the proposal to display a section . "  If you have a book and you tear out a chapter , you lose the integrity of the book , " he told the station . "  You might have this part of it , but you lose part of the story . " The Tequesta lived in south Florida for roughly 2,000 years , Carr said . But they had disappeared by the time Britain took control of Florida from the Spanish in 1763 , with the remnants of their population believed to have migrated to Cuba , he said . 8 very old sites in the New World 10,000-year-old house , other ancient finds unearthed	Miami dig lays out "  a whole complex of buildings " in a prehistoric town But they 're on the site of a whole new development in the works Developers have proposed preserving a section of the site as part of their project Miami historic preservation officials will review the plan next week
London , England  CNN  -- London 's Heathrow Airport will introduce more body scanners within weeks , and all British airports must have equipment to detect explosives by the end of the year , British Home Secretary Alan Johnson said Tuesday . Johnson -- whose responsibilities include domestic security -- was speaking in response to the failed effort to blow up a plane en route to Detroit , Michigan , on Christmas Day . The suspect in the thwarted attack , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , had studied in Britain . The British government had no evidence AbdulMutallab , 23 , of Nigeria , had been planning an attack , and believes he was "  radicalized " after he left Britain , Johnson said . British security services investigated AbdulMutallab 's communications with UK-based individuals they had under observation while he was living in London , but judged that he did not then pose a danger . Those individuals were among 2,000 terror suspects British security agencies currently keep watch over , according to a senior British counter-terrorism source . Johnson said the government was directing airports to carry out more random searches of passengers because metal detectors can not spot explosives without metal parts . British airports will also use more sniffer dogs to try to find explosives , Johnson said in a speech to the House of Commons . "  It is an issue of grave concern that the explosive device was not detected by airport security in either Lagos  Nigeria  or Amsterdam  Netherlands  , " which AbdulMutallab passed through en route to Detroit , Johnson said . The government is also considering "  additional targeted passenger profiling , " Johnson said . Heathrow 's operator said Sunday it would begin subjecting passengers to full body scans "  as soon as practical . " "  A combination of technology , intelligence and passenger profiling will help build a more robust defense against the unpredictable and changing nature of the terrorist threat to aviation , " BAA , which runs Britain 's largest airport , announced in a statement . The move follows the British government 's approval of electronic body scanners , which Prime Minister Gordon Brown said was necessary to combat "  a new type of threat . " Speaking on the BBC , Brown said the devices will be put into place gradually , as will checks of carry-on luggage for traces of explosives for passengers boarding flights at British airports . U.S. President Barack Obama will meet with his top security officials Tuesday in Washington to receive an update on the inquiry into security lapses that allowed the suspect to board a U.S.-bound flight . Obama will meet with FBI Director Robert Mueller , Attorney General Eric Holder , Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano , CIA Director Leon Panetta and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , administration officials told CNN . Obama will get an update from Mueller on the FBI 's investigation and receive information from Holder on the prosecution of the suspect in the botched Christmas Day airline bombing . Napolitano will give him an update on her review of detection capabilities , an official said . Officials in the Netherlands and Nigeria said last week they would begin using the body scanners on airline passengers in the wake of the bombing attempt . Body scanners are currently in use at 19 U.S. airports , and U.S. officials said Thursday that 150 new ones are set to be placed in airports across the country . Authorities say the Nigerian man tried to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as a flight from Amsterdam , Netherlands , made its final approach to Detroit . The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at the man 's seat . The suspect was arrested on charges of attempting to destroy an aircraft . He will face his first court hearings on Friday . AbdulMutallab had a multiple-entry U.S. visa . His father , a leading banker in Nigeria , had warned U.S. authorities before the attack that his son might be involved with Islamic extremists , but the information failed to prompt a response such as canceling the visa .	Heathrow 's operator said it would begin subjecting passengers to full body scans "  as soon as practical " Move follows UK government 's approval of electronic body scanners , which PM Gordon Brown said was necessary Security reviewed after failed effort to blow up a plane en route to the U.S. on Christmas Day Nigerian-born Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab will face his first court hearings in the U.S. on Friday
Seoul  CNN  -- South Korea demanded Tokyo withdraw a ban that asks Japanese diplomats to refrain from flying with Korean Air to protest a test flight above islets in the sea east of Korea that Japan claims is its territory . "  The government is taking this seriously , as the Japanese government in effect is placing sanctions on one of our private companies , " the South Korean foreign ministry spokesman said in a briefing Thursday . The islets in the sea east of Korea , known as Dokdo in Korea and Takeshima in Japan , have been a prickly issue for the countries . Japan has long claimed the islets as its territory , but Seoul leaves no room for debate and says all Korean territory was returned after the country won independence from colonial rule by Japan in 1945 . The Japanese government has shown no intention of stepping down from its recent move . "  Because Korean Air did a domain invasion to our Takeshima clearly this time , we have expressed our strong intention regarding this problem with Korean Air , " the Japanese deputy foreign minister said . South Korea said it will consider various measures if Tokyo does not withdraw the measure that goes into effect Thursday . Seoul expressed strong disappointment at the move , saying it should not have been made given the relationship between the two countries . Korean Air , the country 's largest airliner , carried out two test flights over Dokdo less than a month ago but did not comment on the Japanese government 's decision . South Korea views the islets as a source of national pride and has taken various measures to reassert its ownership . The land is largely uninhabited with only seven registered residents .	Japan asked diplomats to refrain from flying with Korean Air The move is to protest a test flight above islets in the sea east of Korea Japan claims it is its territory South Korea says it 's taking the ban "  seriously "
CNN Student News  -- October 16 , 2013 As we hit the mid-point of the week , CNN Student News reports on a diplomatic meeting to discuss Iran 's nuclear program , and we cover the impact of a powerful earthquake in the Philippines . We also share the story of the newest Medal of Honor recipient . Plus , after a report about a restaurant where diners eat in silence , we ask students to consider whether they could make it through a mute meal . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What criteria might news producers use to determine whether to include combat video in a news broadcast ? Is this kind of video necessary in a news broadcast ? Explain . Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . economic sanctions 2 . Medal of Honor 3 . nonverbal communication Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . What is at the center of the international debate over Iran 's nuclear program ? 2 . Describe the effects of an earthquake that struck the Philippines yesterday . 3 . For what actions did U.S. Army Capt. William Swenson receive the Medal of Honor ? Discussion Questions : 1 . How do you think that the international community can tell if economic sanctions on Iran are working or not ?  What effects might these sanctions have ?  How do you think the international community could verify whether a country is pursuing a nuclear weapons program ? 2 . How would you define "  hero " ? What heroic characteristics might a Medal of Honor recipient have ? How do you think that U.S. officials determine who should be awarded a Medal of Honor ? 3 . Do you generally go out to eat for the food , for social reasons , or for a combination of the two ? Would you want to eat at the restaurant featured in the report ? Do you think you would enjoy a meal during which you and your family or friends were n't allowed to talk ? Why or why not ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe Geneva , Switzerland Asia Philippines ; Afghanistan FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Russia plans to resume exporting flour on January 1 , 2011 , but a larger ban on exporting wheat , barley , rye and corn has been extended through next June , the state-run RIA-Novosti news agency reported Monday . Russia imposed a temporary ban on grain exports this year amid the country 's worst drought in decades . Russian authorities have extended a ban on exports of wheat , barley , rye and corn through June 30 , 2011 , the news agency said . The country plans to resume exporting wheat flour and wheat-rye flour , the report said .	Russia banned the export of grain amid its worst drought in years The country plans to resume exports of flour next year
LOS ANGELES , California -- Dr. Andre Berger sees himself as a pioneer . Where others in the medical community believe injections of human growth hormone should be given to adults in only rare cases , Berger believes it is a crucial part of keeping people young and vital . Dr. Andre Berger says the patients requesting HGH from him are getting younger and younger . Berger , who has been practicing anti-aging and holistic medicine for 30 years , says he is now prescribing injections of HGH to about one out of every four people he treats at his Rejuvalife Vitality Institute in Beverly Hills . "  People come here for generally two reasons ; they want to look better , and they want to feel better , " Berger says . While Berger says most of his patients are middle-aged , he 's now getting calls from Hollywood 30-somethings wanting HGH and rap artists inquiring about illegal steroids , something he does not offer . "  They feel that part of being a rap star is looking buff and having big muscles , etc. , so anything they can do to bring themselves to look like that is going to enhance the whole image , " he says . HGH has been used since the 1950s to help children with growth problems , but it stayed under the radar for other uses until 1990 , when Dr. Daniel Rudman reported in the New England Journal of Medicine that men taking a six-month course of HGH reduced their body fat by 14.4 percent while increasing lean muscle mass by 8.8 percent . The study included just a dozen men , but it inspired a flood of anti-aging literature touting the benefits of growth hormone , along with countless Web sites selling HGH creams and sprays . Endocrinologists say those products , though , are worthless -- the body can use HGH only when it 's injected to treat patients with HGH , Berger says they must be diagnosed with a deficiency of HGH , which happens naturally as the body ages . "  It 's a very important hormone , but it 's not something to be taken in isolation , " he says . Berger says he prescribes HGH to restore normal levels of the hormone and makes it part of a broader long-term treatment program including diet , nutritional supplements , exercise and other hormone replacement . Dennis Pelino , a 60-year-old Beverly Hills entrepreneur , says five years ago , he was having trouble keeping up with the younger people he was doing business with , so he started treatments , which included HGH injections . "  My skin tone got a lot better . I just felt better , " he says . "  My eyes got a lot brighter . My hearing , I swear , got better . " Pelino says HGH injections , along with a healthy diet , exercise , and supplements has made him feel 10 years younger . "  I can keep up with people who are a lot younger than me , " he says . "  I am not trying to set records , I am just trying to stay in the game , I am doing business here . " But critics argue that doctors are taking huge risks by administering HGH because it has n't been studied extensively long-term and says many of the same benefits can be found in diet and exercise alone . "  There are serious side effects associated with using growth hormone for these individuals including an elevated risk of cancer , diabetes , " says Dr. Jay Olshansky of the University of Illinois at Chicago . Olshansky , who has studied anti-aging for over 20 years , contends that many of the claims are just false and says that only in the rarest of cases can HGH be prescribed legally . "  It can be prescribed in adults for only two things ; muscle-wasting associated with HIV/AIDS , which is extremely rare , and for adult growth hormone deficiency , " he says . Still , celebrities including Sylvester Stallone and Suzanne Somers who have openly supported the use of HGH , have attracted those just seeking a new lease on life . Marketers for HGH therapies claim it 's become a $ 2 billion-a-year business , thanks in large part to aging baby boomers willing to pay big bucks to emulate the stars whose looks never seem to fade . The Albany-Times Union recently reported , citing unnamed sources , that rapper 50 Cent and singer Mary J. Blige were among celebrity customers allegedly identified in a New York probe of doctors and pharmacists who illegally prescribe steroids or HGH . The Times-Union report did not suggest there was evidence Blige or 50 cent took the drugs . Blige denies taking any performance enhancing drugs , and 50 Cent has not commented . Neither star is accused of breaking the law . E-mail to a friend	Doctor says more 30-somethings want steroids and HGH HGH first used to help children with growth problems Critics say there are health dangers
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  This is the new normal in Ferguson : Protests , day and night , for more than 70 days now . Sometimes it 's hundreds of demonstrators , sometimes just a handful . But they 're always outside the Ferguson Police Department , clamoring for the indictment of Officer Darren Wilson in the shooting death of unarmed teenager Michael Brown . And with new details about the investigation leaked , tensions are escalating . On Monday night , two protestors were detained by St. Louis County police -- including Missouri State Sen. Jamilah Nasheed . She was detained as she blocked traffic in the middle of the street while protesting outside the Ferguson police department . Now , there are fears about what could happen next . "  Everybody is planning for whatever the grand jury decides , " said Amy Hunter , racial justice director at the YWCA . "  Certainly there are lots of us that planning peaceful protests for should it not be indicted . Certainly there are other people that have other ideas at hand . " One protester put it succinctly : "  If there is not an indictment , excuse my French , all hell is going to break loose . " New details revealed Brown 's blood was found on the officer 's uniform and inside his police car , law enforcement sources told CNN . Those sources corroborated details first reported by The New York Times . "  That tends to support any testimony that there was some kind of scuffle in the police car , " said CNN legal analyst Danny Cevallos . "  And if so , that tends to support Officer Wilson 's testimony and his justification for using deadly force . " At least one of the wounds Brown suffered is consistent with a struggle and appeared to be fired at close range , according to a different source with first-hand knowledge of the investigation . At least six shots A private autopsy conducted for the Brown family showed that Brown had been shot at least six times , including twice in the head . But Cevallos said the newly released details about Brown 's blood in the officer 's gun and on his uniform might only go so far in helping the officer 's case . "  Ultimately , that officer will have to come up with justification not for firing his gun the first time , but for each and every bullet that came out of his firearm -- whether at the car or away from the car , " he said . Brown 's death is the subject of two inquires : one by a St. Louis County grand jury considering whether Wilson should be charged , and the other by federal investigators looking into whether any civil rights violations occurred . Timing of the leak As anticipation mounts over the grand jury 's decision , the new details leaked by a federal source to The New York Times could be strategic , a former FBI official told CNN . "  It could be really for , in part , a beneficial purpose , to start leading those community leaders and those leading the protests to believe that there wo n't be an indictment , " said Ron Hosko , former assistant director of the FBI Criminal Division . "  It may be over time , that will have a beneficial effect of no riots , no battles in the streets again . " Sara Sidner reported from Ferguson ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Pamela Brown , Evan Perez , MaryLynn Ryan and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	Two people , including Missouri State Sen. Jamilah Nasheed , are detained by police Monday night Protesters have been calling for an officer 's indictment after unarmed teen Michael Brown was killed Investigators found Brown 's blood on the officer 's gun , uniform and cruiser , sources say Protester : "  If there is not an indictment , excuse my French , all hell is going to break loose . "
CNN  -- A 51-year-old man had between 500,000 and 1 million full-length child pornography videos and images inside his central Florida apartment , said authorities , who accused him of downloading and sharing the illicit materials . John Edward Shearen of Leesburg , Florida , was arrested Thursday on 15 counts of possession of child pornography and 15 counts of distribution of child pornography , the Florida Department of Law Enforcement announced . He was later booked , without bond , into Lake County Jail . His arrest came after FDLE agents executed a search warrant at his residence in Leesburg 's Lakeside Pointe apartment complex , about 45 miles northwest of Orlando . They found the illicit videos and images on computers and "  mass media storage devices , " the state agency said . Feds : Identified by tattoos in pictures , woman indicted on child porn charges Steve Arthur , an FDLE spokesman , said pieces of children 's clothing were also found inside the apartment . Asked what Shearen would have done with the clothes , FDLE Special Agent Jeff Duncan told CNN affiliate WFTV , "  He  told us  that he utilizes them himself , but it 's virtually impossible . " According to Arthur , more videos and images were found in Thursday 's raid than in any other in state history . Donna Rice-Hughes , an Internet safety advocate , said it 's hard to tell definitively how the Leesburg discovery compares to others around Florida , the United States and the world , noting that child porn is alarmingly and sometimes easily viewed and shared online . Two arrested in child porn cases after request for public 's health Every time an image or video is seen , the child featured in it is victimized once again , she stressed . On the other side , a law enforcement initiative like Thursday 's in Florida gives authorities more clues to track down those who produce the videos and images . "  Pedophiles trade porn for other child porn . They often times barter or sell it , " said Rice-Hughes , president of the advocacy group Enough is Enough . "  Taking someone out of the market is important , because it 's another person who may be a former or current predator . " Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting	John Edward Shearen , 51 , is charged with possessing and distributing child pornography Agents find 500,000 to 1 million videos and images on devices in his Florida apartment Pieces of children 's clothing were also found in Shearen 's apartment in Leesburg
CNN  -- Pakistan needs to do more to implement safeguards that would control a fertilizer that is being used in explosive devices in Afghanistan , according to an American lawmaker who recently visited the country . "  Basically what we 're waiting for is for the Pakistani government to implement the strategy that they 've said they 're going to implement when we were in Pakistan in August , meeting with all the highest-level officials , " said Sen. Robert Casey , D-Pennsylvania . "  Unfortunately we 're into October now , and I have n't seen any action in the month of September . " He said the strategy should include restricting who has access to the fertilizer ; tracking it , perhaps with the use of dye ; and interdicting it at the border with Afghanistan . According to the U.S. military 's Joint IED Defeat Organization , 84 % of improvised explosive devices in Afghanistan are made from fertilizer produced in Pakistan , and IEDs are the No. 1 killer of American forces in Afghanistan , responsible for more than 400 deaths in the past two years . But a Pakistani official disputed Casey 's criticism , saying authorities are moving as fast as they can on the problem , and that it has to be a joint effort on both sides of the border . The official , who declined to be identified , also said that out of the tons of the fertilizer produced , it is difficult to track down the small amounts placed into IEDs . The fertilizer , calcium ammonium nitrate , is processed into small off-white pellets and is shipped in huge sacks . The same ingredient was used by Timothy McVeigh in the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 . While it has been banned in Afghanistan since 2009 , it is legally produced in Pakistan and is widely used there for farming . Calcium ammonium nitrate is "  suitable for all crops , all seasons , soils and locations , " according to manufacturer PakArab , whose website says they are the only firm in Pakistan that produces it . A year ago , Afghan Border Police said they stopped a convoy in which three of the trucks were smuggling 50 tons of the fertilizer -- enough to make more than 2,100 IEDs , they said . "  It 's an extremely porous border , " said Seth Jones at the RAND Corp. , who was in Afghanistan last month . "  There 's not enough time in a day , with a long line of vehicles , to stop every single vehicle and check it . " Jones said militants in Afghanistan are managing to smuggle IED ingredients up the Helmand River Valley to make roadside bombs targeting U.S. Marines operating in southern Afghanistan , as well as through areas like the Khyber Pass to target U.S. Army forces in the east . The American pressure on Pakistan to act comes at a time when cooperation between the two countries is already under heavy strain -- most recently , after the outgoing chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Mike Mullen , said the militant Haqqani network "  acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence agency . " Pakistani officials have vigorously denied the accusation . But Casey said that he would not be put off , as long as American soldiers are being injured and killed . "  Go to Walter Reed , and see those 19-year-old kids with half of their leg blown off -- or in many instances , having died this way , " he said . "  That 's just inexcusable , when we have the resources , the technology , and the know-how , to slow this down or to stop it in some way . "	Pakistan needs to put safeguards in place , says U.S. Sen. Robert Casey U.S. military : 84 % of Afghan IEDs are made from fertilizer made in Pakistan Pakistani official says joint effort on both sides of the border is needed "  It 's an extremely porous border , " says RAND Corp. official
CNN  -- Getting cell phone reception in waterlogged New York and New Jersey could get a bit easier . In a rare moment of collaboration , wireless providers AT&T and T-Mobile have agreed to share networks in the challenging days following Superstorm Sandy , allowing customers to use whichever network gets coverage in their areas . The combining of networks will happen entirely behind the scenes , so all customers need to do is dial out . They 'll automatically be routed over whatever network is currently the strongest in their location . How you can help There will be no roaming charges for customers of either company , and no need to change any settings , rate plan or service agreements . Making calls across the Northeast has been difficult following Sandy , and New York and New Jersey seem to be the hardest hit . According to the Federal Communication Commission , about a quarter of cell phone towers in the 10 states were knocked out by the storm . Repairing these towers will take several days or longer , and continued inclement weather could cause additional issues and repair delays . Some transmission sites that are still working are currently running on backup generators , which carriers hope will last until power is restored . "  Our assumption is that communications outages could get worse before they get better , particularly for mobile , " FCC chairman Julius Genachowski said on a call with reporters Tuesday . Only a very small number of 911 call centers had lost power , and those calls were being rerouted to working centers , according to the FCC . Post-Sandy water safety tips The major cellphone carriers have shared varying amounts of information on their service outages following Sandy . Sprint said it was experiencing "  service impacts , " but that it could not provide a specific number for the amount of people without service . T-Mobile said that in New York CIty , 20 % of its network was down . In Washington that number was 10 % . Verizon 's New York City facilities were severely flooded , and the damages were still being assessed . The carrier said its networks were mostly doing well , but there were serious problems in lower Manhattan and general problems throughout New York City . The company did not give exact numbers for outages . Verizon officials also cautioned that some customers in the Northeast might receive "  all circuits are busy " messages when trying to make calls because of an unusually large volume of post-Sandy demand on the network . AT&T was the most vague , only saying that it was monitoring its land line and wireless networks and working to restore service . T-Mobile and AT&T did not give a timeline for how long this cross-company cooperation would last . Man faces fallout for fake Sandy tweets In a related act of corporate generosity , Comcast said it will offer free Wi-Fi to users in areas affected by Sandy , according to CNET .	AT&T and T-Mobile will share networks in New York and New Jersey Customers of the two companies will automatically use the strongest network in their area The FCC estimates that a quarter of all cell towers are down in the states impacted by Sandy
CNN  -- Passengers might have been catching a catnap , reading a book or daydreaming as they gazed out the window into southern Canada . They may have recently hopped on the train or boarded many hours ago as far back as New York . Whatever their origin , wherever they were sitting , wherever they were going -- perhaps to the last stop of Toronto -- these travelers would n't have expected the terror that Canadian and U.S. authorities detailed this week , a plot they alleged was backed by al Qaeda elements half a world away . According to a U.S. intelligence official and another government official , the plan was to plant explosives on a trestle -- a type of bridge over which trains often pass -- and detonate them after a northbound train crossed from the United States into Canada . Specifically , another U.S. official said , the New York-to-Toronto line that runs through Buffalo was targeted . Once the explosives went off , two of the officials said , the train would have careered off its tracks , causing untold death and destruction . The attack never happened . Instead , the two men who Canadian authorities say planned the alleged terror plot are behind bars . On Tuesday , a day after the Royal Canadian Mounted Police announced the arrests , 35-year-old Raed Jaser appeared in Old City Hall Court in Toronto , the city he calls home . Asked whether he understood the legal proceeding , Jaser said , "  It 's very clear . " But his lawyer , John Norris , afterward said that his client -- whom he described as a permanent resident in Canada , where he has lived the past 20 years -- is "  in a state of shock and disbelief . " "  He is anxious to see the evidence that the crown says that it has against him , " Norris said outside the courtroom . After waiving the reading of his charges , Jaser returned to the Canadian federal facility where he 's being held . Bail was not considered Tuesday in his case . His alleged co-conspirator -- 30-year-old Chiheb Esseghaier , who was taken to Montreal for a jurisdiction hearing so that a justice can decide whether he 'll be transferred to the province of Ontario -- is expected to be in a Toronto courtroom Wednesday for a similar proceeding , said Norris . According to court documents , both Jaser and Esseghaier face charges of conspiring "  to murder persons unknown ... for the benefit of , at the direction of , or in association with a terrorist group . " Suspects not citizens but have roots in Canada So who are these two suspects , and what were they doing ? Authorities have not released much detail about the men , including their nationalities or how long they 'd been in Canada , beyond that they were n't Canadian citizens . University of Quebec spokeswoman Julie Martineau said that , since 2010 , Esseghaier has been a doctoral student at the National Institute of Scientific Research at that school . He was conducting research on nanosensors , which are used primarily for medical treatments or to build other nanoproducts , such as computer chips , she said . "  He seemed like a normal student , " said Martineau . Authorities allege that Esseghaier and Jaser watched "  trains and railways in the greater Toronto area " and intended to derail a passenger train , said Royal Canadian Mounted Police Chief Superintendent Jennifer Strachan . "  We are alleging these two individuals took steps and conducted activities to conduct a terrorist attack , " she said . Muhammad Robert Heft , a Muslim community leader in Toronto , told CNN that a tip from a local imam led to the investigation . Heft , president of the Muslim social services organization Paradise Forever , cited the Canadian police , which he said revealed the information during a briefing on Monday with local Muslim leaders . "  We are supportive and thankful that the RCMP did the investigation and was able to apprehend the individuals before anything happened , " Heft said . "  We are pleased that they took us in and explained what was going on . " The Canadian Broadcasting Corp. , quoting "  highly placed sources , " reported that Esseghaier and Jaser had been under surveillance for more than a year . White House spokesman Jay Carney said Tuesday that the FBI worked with its law enforcement counterparts in Canada , its close ally , during the investigation . The terror plot -- which a RCMP official said on condition of anonymity was n't linked to last week 's deadly Boston Marathon bombings -- was in its planning stages and not imminent , Canadian authorities said . Still , the outlines are reminiscent of those found in a document seized during the raid in Pakistan that killed Osama bin Laden . This document indicated that al Qaeda members discussed as early as 2010 a plan to derail trains in the United States by placing obstructions on tracks over bridges and in valleys , though no specific rail system was identified , a law enforcement official told CNN in late 2011 . Police allege ties to al Qaeda in Iran Authorities have said that they believe the suspects had help . Royal Canadian Mounted Police Assistant Commissioner James Malizia said the men got "  support from al Qaeda elements in Iran " to carry out an attack and conspire to murder people in greater Toronto . There 's no evidence that Iran 's government was behind the plot , he added . "  When I speak about ` supported , ' I mean direction and guidance , " Malizia said . Iran denies that al Qaeda has any presence within its borders . "  Al Qaeda has no possibility to do any activity inside Iran or conduct any operation abroad from Iran 's territory , and we reject strongly and categorically any connection to this story , " Iran 's mission to the United Nations said in a statement Al Qaeda and Iran have not been viewed as allies , with al Qaeda 's membership mostly Sunni-dominated rather than Shiite , the Muslim sect of the vast majority of Iranians . "  We have very little intelligence on al Qaeda in Iran , " said U.S. Rep. Peter King , chairman of the House counterterrorism and intelligence subcommittee . What is known is that bin Laden 's son-in-law Sulaiman Abu Ghaith fled Afghanistan and ended up in Iran after the fall of the Taliban in 2001 . According to U.S. documents and officials , Abu Ghaith landed in Iran along with other members of bin Laden 's inner circle , including the group 's military commander , Saif al-Adel , and Saad bin Laden , a son of the al Qaeda leader who has played a leadership role in the group . Saad bin Laden also helped one of his father 's wives and several of his father 's children move from Pakistan to Iran , officials said . Abu Ghaith , a Kuwaiti , was captured in Jordan this year and is now in the United States , where he 'll be charged in federal court with conspiring to kill Americans as part of al Qaeda . Bin Laden confidant emerged as voice of al Qaeda CNN 's Gloria Borger , Pam Benson , Catherine Shoichet , Jack Maddox , Tim Lister , Wolf Blitzer , Steve Almasy , Paula Newton , Irving Last and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : The FBI worked closely with Canadian authorities , the White House says A U.S. official says a train along the New York-to-Toronto line was being targeted One suspect , Raed Jaser , is in "  disbelief " after his arrest , his lawyer says Police say the suspects got help from al Qaeda in Iran ; Iran denies al Qaeda operates in its borders
CNN  The estate of the late comedian Joan Rivers filed a lawsuit Monday in New York County Supreme Court detailing alleged missteps by the outpatient endoscopy facility and the physicians caring for Rivers during an August 28 procedure that the New York medical examiner said ultimately led to her death . Rivers died at Mount Sinai Hospital on September 4 , 2014 . Attorneys for the estate said they are suing for damages and said the family wants to "  make certain that the many medical deficiencies that led to Joan Rivers ' death are never repeated by any outpatient surgery center . " The lawsuit alleges that the doctors who performed the procedure at Manhattan 's Yorkville Endoscopy clinic were "  reckless , grossly negligent and wanton . " The lawsuit says they performed procedures to which Rivers did not consent . It also alleges that one of the doctors did not have credentials or privileges to treat patients at the facility . Clinic that did Joan Rivers ' procedure to be cut off Medicare The comedian went to the medical center for a procedure to evaluate her "  voice changes " and to determine what was causing her stomach reflux , according to the New York medical examiner . The lawsuit says Rivers signed an authorization and gave her consent to let the doctors perform an upper endoscopy , or EGD , with possible biopsy/possible polypectomy and possible dilation of the esophagus . It was unclear if Rivers had given verbal consent to any other procedure before being sedated . The lawsuit maintains she did not . During an upper endoscopy a camera is inserted to examine the upper part of the digestive system . A doctor controls the tiny camera on the end of a flexible tube . It is used to diagnose stomach , esophagus and small-intestine problems . A biopsy would be done if a doctor found an area that looked like there was some kind of cancer . Voice changes can be a sign of throat cancer . Federal agency claims major violations by clinic that treated Rivers A polypectomy is done to remove nasal polyps , which are benign growths originating in the mucous membrane that can block the nasal passages . During esophageal dilation doctors dilate or stretch the narrowed area of the esophagus , which they may do as part of a sedated endoscopy procedure . It 's most commonly done because the esophagus has narrowed from acid reflux . Often patients with this problem have trouble swallowing and sometimes have pain . Less commonly , narrowing happens because of cancer of the esophagus . Rivers first underwent a laryngoscopy . This is a procedure she did not consent to in writing . It is used by doctors to get a look at the vocal folds and glottis . It was during this first procedure that her doctors had "  difficulty maintaining " her oxygen saturation at an "  appropriate and safe level to ensure that her airway was not compromised " the lawsuit says . Then Dr. Lawrence Cohen and Dr. Renuka Bankulla performed the upper endoscopy , the procedure for which they did have written consent . When Bankulla noticed the oxygen saturation level again dropped , the lawsuit says she requested that the EGD be stopped and the endoscope removed to increase Rivers ' oxygen level . Once her level was raised , Cohen reinserted the laryngoscope and continued the EGD . The lawsuit argues that during this part of the procedure Cohen and Bankulla failed to ensure Rivers ' airway was appropriately maintained and that they "  failed to properly observe and monitor Joan Rivers ' vital signs which were deteriorating " and that her blood pressure "  dropped significantly " as did her pulse and oxygen saturation level according to the lawsuit . After Cohen completed the EGD he took a selife with Rivers while she was under sedation during the procedure , without her consent , according to the lawsuit . When he took the photo , the lawsuit says , Cohen announced that maybe Rivers would "  like to see these in the recovery area . " Dr. Gwen Korovin then said she wanted to "  go down again " and take another look , doing another laryngoscopy , the procedure for which the facility did not have written consent , according to the lawsuit . E! 's ` Fashion Police ' to continue without Rivers Korovin performed the laryngoscopy despite a concern voiced by Bankulla that the procedure could compromise Rivers ' airway , the suit says , adding that Cohen told Bankulla she was just "  being paranoid , " and the doctors proceeded with the second laryngoscopy . According to an October investigation by the medical examiner 's office , the cause of death was "  anoxic encephalopathy due to hypoxic arrest , " a medical description of brain damage caused by lack of oxygen "  that happened during the laryngoscopy . " 25 of Joan Rivers ' best jokes Rivers had a laryngospasm , a spasm of the vocal cords that makes it difficult to breathe , according to the investigation . Her body was unable to take in enough oxygen and eventually her heart stopped delivering fresh oxygenated blood to her brain , which shut down . When the doctors did notice that Rivers ' vital signs had dropped , as had her oxygen saturation level , they tried to get her breathing better . When 10 minutes of ambu bagging did n't work , the lawsuit says Bankulla asked another doctor to get the tracheotomy kit ready . In that case , the lawsuit says the doctors should have performed an emergency tracheotomy . Bankulla looked for Korovin to perform a cricothyrotomy , but the lawsuit says Korovin had left the room . Korovin is a well known doctor who has successfully treated an impressive list of celebrity clients who have come to her with voice trouble . The list of famous patients who have sung her praises include actors Hugh Jackman and Nathan Lane and singers Celine Dion , Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande . Korovin is a licensed medical doctor , but she "  did not have privileges to perform surgical procedures " at Yorkville Endoscopy nor was she credentialed to perform procedures at the facility , according to the lawsuit . After Rivers started to deteriorate further , the lawsuit alleges that Korovin left the room "  because she knew she was not permitted to perform medical services or procedures " at that particular clinic and wanted to "  avoid getting caught . " Joan Rivers gave misfit girls permission to dream The lawsuit also says the doctors were inadequately trained to handle an emergency like the one they encountered . CNN left voice messages and emails for all the individuals and facilities named in the suit . So far , none has responded to CNN 's inquiries . In relation to this case in the past , the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic has said , "  Our anesthesiologists monitor the patient continuously utilizing state-of-the-art monitoring equipment , and remain at the bedside throughout the procedure and into recovery . " It added that all its doctors are certified for advance cardiac life support . Korovin 's lawyer sent a statement in relation to past stories that said the doctor "  is respected and admired by her peers in the medical community and she is revered by her patients . " "  As a matter of personal and professional policy , Dr. Korovin does not publicly discuss her patients or their care and treatment . Further , Dr. Korovin is prohibited by state and federal confidentiality laws from discussing her care and treatment of any particular patient . "  For these reasons , neither Dr. Korovin nor her attorneys will have any public comment on recent press reports regarding her practice . We ask that the press please respect Dr. Korovin 's personal and professional policy of not discussing her patients , as well as the privacy of her patients , " the statement said . In reaction to the lawsuit , Rivers ' daughter , Melissa Rivers , released a statement . "  Filing this lawsuit was one of the most difficult decisions I 've ever had to make , " said Rivers . "  What ultimately guided me was my unwavering belief that no family should ever have to go through what my mother , Cooper and I have been through . "  The level of medical mismanagement , incompetency , disrespect and outrageous behavior is shocking and , frankly , almost incomprehensible , " Rivers said . "  Not only did my mother deserve better , every patient deserves better . It is my goal to make sure that this kind of horrific medical treatment never happens to anyone again . " Debra Goldschmidt of CNN contributed to this report	Joan Rivers died in September after a medical procedure went wrong Rivers did not consent to the procedure that may have killed her , according to the lawsuit One doctor took a selfie with the comedian while she was sedated , the lawsuit says
CNN  -- Oscar-winning actor Nicolas Cage went on a drunken tear in New Orleans ' French Quarter Friday night that ended with his arrest on several charges , including domestic abuse battery , according to a police spokesman . It began at 11:30 p.m. when Cage , who is in the city to work on a movie , began arguing with his wife on the 600 block of Dumaine Street , New Orleans Police Officer Garry Flot said . "  He and his wife were standing in front of a residence that he insisted was the property the couple was renting , " Flot said . "  She disagreed , and Cage grabbed her by the upper arm and pulled her to what he believed was the correct address . " Cage then "  began striking vehicles and later attempted to get into a taxi . " Police , who had been called by on-lookers , arrived to find Cage heavily intoxicated , " he said . They ordered the actor out of the cab , "  which prompted Cage to start yelling , " Flot said . "  The officers subsequently took Cage to Central Lock-Up , " the police spokesman said . In the mugshot released by the Orleans Parish Sheriff , an unshaven Cage stood with eyes closed . Cage was charged with domestic abuse battery , disturbing the peace and public drunkenness , Flot said . An Orleans Parish magistrate set his bond at $ 11,000 with a court date for May 31 , according to the booking information online . It also said "  stay away order waived , " indicating Cage is not prohibited from being with his wife . "  There were no visible signs of injury on his wife 's arm , " Flot said . Cage was released from jail Saturday afternoon , according to the jail 's information line . Duane Chapman -- known as "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " from the A&E reality show chronicling his life -- bailed Cage out of jail , he said in a statement . While he called himself "  a truly dedicated fan of Mr. Cage , " Chapman insisted he was simply doing his job "  as a bail bondsman and not in connection with our show . " "  There are two sides of my job : I release my clients after they have been arrested , and pick them up if they do n't show up in court , " Chapman said . "  I do not believe the latter will be the case for Mr. Cage . " Calls and e-mails from CNN to the actor 's lawyer and representative have not been returned . Cage , 47 , and his third wife , Alice Kim , have a 5-year-old son . His previous two marriages , to Patricia Arquette and Lisa Marie Presley , ended in divorce . The Academy Award winner has acted in dozens of films , but is best known for his roles in "  Raising Arizona " and "  Leaving Las Vegas , " for which he nabbed an Oscar . Although one of Hollywood 's highest-paid movie stars , Cage 's financial troubles , including tax liens and foreclosures on houses , have been highly publicized in the past two years . He sued his accountant in 2009 , charging that he "  lined his pockets with several million dollars in business management fees while sending Cage down a path toward financial ruin . " The accountant , Samuel Levin , responding to the lawsuit by saying he warned Cage that he could face bankruptcy unless he scaled back his lavish lifestyle . CNN 's KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Dog the Bounty Hunter " bails Cage out of a New Orleans jail The actor charged with domestic abuse , disturbing the peace Cage beat on cars after arguing with his wife , police say Cage is in New Orleans filming a movie
A flashpoint Syrian border town recently captured by rebels was reeling Tuesday after deadly clashes erupted between Syrian rebels and a Kurdish militia . The battle left dozens of fighters from both sides dead , including one prominent ethnic Kurdish leader . Read more : Turkey to Syria : Do n't send arms through our air space "  Today it is quiet . I hope in my heart that there will be no more fighting between Kurds and Arabs because we are all brothers , " said a Kurdish activist and resident of Ras Al Ain , who asked only to be named "  Baran " for his safety . "  But I am sure there will be more fighting , " he predicted , adding that both the Syrian rebels and Kurdish fighters were calling for reinforcements . Read more : Turkey strikes targets in Syria in retaliation for shelling deaths According to the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , at least four Kurdish militia members were killed in the clashes , as well as prominent Kurdish community leader Abed Khalil . Fourteen fighters affiliated with the rebel Free Syrian Army  FSA  died as well , the observatory said . A spokesman for the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria in the northern province of Hasaka confirmed the death of Khalil , but said the death toll among combatants was much higher , with 20 FSA rebels and 25 Kurdish fighters killed on Monday . "  There are many dead bodies still lying in the streets , " said the LCC spokesman in Hasaka , who asked only to be identified as Abu Muhaned . "  They are afraid to pick them up . " Read more : New Syrian flashpoint erupts ; Turkey releases Syrian plane Until two weeks ago , Ras Al Ain was a safe haven that had largely escaped the conflict that is ripping Syria apart . Syrians sought shelter in this small , ethnically-mixed market town populated by Arabs , Kurds and Christians . The town was built along train tracks that divide the border between Syria and Turkey . On November 8 , Syrian rebels mounted an assault on Ras Al Ain . After less than 48 hours of fighting , they overwhelmed a small garrison of Syrian government forces there . Read more : Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences The rebel assault triggered an exodus of thousands of civilians , who fled across the border to Turkey . The flood of refugees increased in the following days when Syrian helicopters and jets began bombing Ras Al Ain , spreading fear throughout the neighboring Turkish town of Ceylanpinar . A team of CNN journalists visited Ras Al Ain last Friday during a lull in the regime airstrikes . By then , the town 's central bazaar district was in ruins and almost deserted , except for roving bands of rebel fighters . A few shopkeepers were seen hurriedly emptying their businesses of all merchandise , clearly afraid there would be more fighting . There were no victory scenes of jubilation among locals . Some refugees told CNN they were unhappy with the arrival of FSA rebels . That was echoed by a Kurdish umbrella group , which issued a public statement demanding that all armed groups evacuate Ras Al Ain . "  Most of the Kurds want neither the rebels nor the regime , " said Rashid Mohammed , a Kurdish farmer who had fled to neighboring Turkey , in an interview last week with CNN . Tensions between the predominantly Arab rebels and members of the militia affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  erupted Monday . However , Arabs and Kurds offered contradictory accounts of how the fighting began . Spokesmen for the rebels claimed their fighters came under attack when they approached a Kurdish checkpoint unarmed . Kurdish activists said snipers opened fire on a demonstration organized to demand the withdrawal of FSA fighters . "  The reason why they organized the demonstration was to bring the refugees back to Ras Al Ain and to tell the FSA to leave the town , " said Nurooz al Ahmad , a female Kurdish activist and Ras Al Ain resident , in a phone call with CNN . "  This was a safe area before the FSA came to Ras Al Ain . " The deadly ethnic clashes appeared to have embarrassed prominent officials in the Syrian opposition movement . "  I have been trying to organize talks between the Kurds and the FSA since yesterday , " said Malik al Kurdi , a spokesman for the FSA based in Turkey . "  It was wrong for the FSA to enter Kurdish areas like Ras Al Ain , " he added . "  The Kurds do n't think the way we think . They have another culture , another ideology ... this is exactly what the regime wants , to create problems between the Arabs and the Kurds so that we stop struggling to bring down the regime . " Monday 's battle in Ras Al Ain marked the second time in less than a month that anti-regime rebels have clashed with Kurdish militia members . On October 27 , at least 21 people were killed and more than 100 kidnapped after Kurdish gunmen linked to the PKK fought FSA rebels in the battleground city of Aleppo , in northern Syria . Both factions have since reportedly worked out a cease-fire agreement .	Ras Al Ain is located on Syria 's border with Turkey There are conflicting reports about how the fighting began Syrian rebels say the Kurds sparked the violence ; Kurds say snipers fired on anti-FSA demo
CNN  -- A Polaroid picture of the late Dennis Hopper was stolen from a Los Angeles art gallery and the photographer , actor Jason Lee , is offering $ 25,000 to the photograph back . "  You 've taken the one single physical document of the photographer 's time with his subject . This is not a print , as there is no negative . There is only this single image , " the gallery said in a letter on its website addressed to the thief . "  There is no way that this Polaroid will ever have the same worth to you that it holds for Jason . " Lee , who starred in the TV show "  My Name Is Earl , " loaned the picture to the art gallery and is very sentimental about it , the gallery , which is called This Los Angeles , said . The theft occurred on Feb. 4 when "  someone stole a piece off the wall and bolted out the front door , " the gallery said . The gallery said Lee is offering a $ 25,000 reward for the return of the photo . Lee 's publicist said the actor was crushed about the loss of the large black-and-white portrait of the legendary actor . "  Jason is devastated and sickened by the theft , " said Nancy Iannios . "  It has great sentimental value to Jason . " Lee said Hopper also liked the photo . "  As a huge Hopper fan , I was honored to create my one-off large format Polaroid of him . And I was flattered that he liked it as much as he did . He was a great artist , " Lee said .	The photo was snatched from a Los Angeles art gallery Actor Jason Lee said he took the picture Lee starred in the TV show "  My Name Is Earl "
London  CNN  -- Space has come of age , grown up enough to be commercially viable -- or has it ? For more than 80 years the BIS has been looking at how we get into , and travel in , space , but the society has concentrated more on the technical achievement or feasibility than on the finance or contractual requirements . From the end of World War II , technologies were very much in the hands of the defense industries and development was funded by the defense departments of national governments . Recognizing the strategic importance of space led to the ` space race ' and the conquest of space being nationally or government funded . However , times change . The end of the Cold War led to the end of the space race -- governments no longer had to prove their nation 's technical superiority in space . But in many Western industrialized nations , as the government support and funding reduced overall , there appeared a raft of technically capable companies and some government departments and entrepreneurs who were able to identify key areas where there could be a viable and sustainable return on their investment . Communications satellites became commercial products as soon it was realized that communications capacity could be sold and could provide a realistic return over their lifetime . Science and Earth observation  EO  missions have not met with such commercialization yet . It is difficult to see a commercial return from scientific exploration of either our own planet or other celestial bodies . But the gathered EO information could see a commercial return from the sale of mapping , environmental or weather data , or charges for navigation services . However , military and government owned assets -- already fully operational -- make it hard to compete . When it comes to launchers and human spaceflight things are changing . The original missile-based launch vehicles gave way to commercially manufactured , but government-owned and operated systems . Now the launcher market is opening up as new players broach new user markets . Space tourism and small payloads have very different launch requirements that are best satisfied by new systems -- like Virgin Galactic 's Spaceship 2 and XCOR 's Lynx spaceplanes . BIS spokesman Nick Spall adds : "  For many the fascination for space is the almost visceral desire we have to travel further and faster to explore and to spread human interest across the cosmos . The BIS has championed the goal of eventually colonizing the solar system and , indeed , traveling on to the stars one day . "  To achieve this human spaceflight ambition , NASA is quite correct in its decision to use a commercialized approach to lowering the cost of launching astronauts into orbit . The investment in Boeing 's CST-100 and the Space X V2 spacecraft for flights to the ISS from 2017 will make seat prices cheaper and more sustainable . "  For the future though , reusable spaceplanes such as the UK 's Skylon are the real answer to getting humans and hardware into space to properly explore and occupy the rest of the solar system . "  To help this low-cost approach happen , purely private space tourism spacecraft companies will offer affordable flights to space , with Virgin Galactic 's SS2 and the XCOR Lynx going sub-orbit in the next two years . One day we will see space hotels in orbit and then on the Moon and eventually Mars . "  To go into deep space , to asteroids , the Moon and Mars , governments will have to foot the bill initially , but the possibilities are immense and there is a very exciting future for humans in space , " he said . BIS President-Elect Mark Hempsell believes the UK government 's new policy of maximizing economic return from space is illustrated by the recent studies into setting up spaceports in the UK , both for suborbital and orbital flights . "  The recent change in UK government direction , with the formation of the UK Space Agency as a key component , is at long last connecting the vision within Britain with the capability to realize its potential , " he said . Another important factor of space exploration is in its relations with the dual areas of education and outreach . Space education BIS vice president Chris Welch said : "  Space -- and especially space exploration -- has been shown time and again to engage and motivate students in a way that few other topics can . "  It also has a role to play for defining how a country sees itself . One only has to look at the recent exploits of China and India to see how success in space exploration can transform a nation 's view of itself and what its citizens can achieve if they believe they can aspire to greatness , " he said . NASA 's decision to sub-contract Boeing and SpaceX is a sign of things to come , but governments must continue to support and fund those areas that are not yet self-sustaining . The UK space sector is currently bringing in over Â # 11.3 billion  $ 18.07 billion  per annum to the UK economy and supports 99,000 jobs . The UK government , recognizing this important contribution , plans to capture 10 % of the world space market and generate more than Â # 40 billion  $ 64 billion  per annum by 2030 , according to the UK government . This will certainly require the support and leadership of UK industry and the creation of up to 100,000 new jobs . With India 's Mangalyaan spacecraft now orbiting Mars and China 's "  taikonauts " in Earth orbit and its Chang ' e 3 lunar lander already on the Moon , the competition is heating up . The space industries of the Western industrialized nations must play their part in identifying where they can make a real contribution and even take a leadership role , while the national space agencies take on more of a coordination and funding role , particularly in scientific exploration and manned missions	It is difficult to see a commercial return from scientific exploration , says Alistair Scott Earth observation missions have not met with commercialization yet , says Scott But the launcher market is opening up as new players broach new markets , he says Scott : National space agencies should take on more of a funding role for science missions
There 's been a sharp spike in radiation levels measured in the pipes and containers holding water at the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in Japan . But the company in charge of cleaning it up says that only a single drop of the highly contaminated water escaped the holding tanks . Tokyo Electric Power Company said it is confident it can provide safety for workers dealing with the problem . "  We will find out the cause of this issue and make proper counter measures immediately , and continue to make every effort to secure safety of workers , " the company said in a statement released Sunday . TEPCO found high radiation readings at the contaminated water storage tanks and pipe Saturday . The four locations are the bottom of three tanks and a pipe connecting tanks in separate area . The highest reading as 1800 millisieverts per hour at the bottom fringe of the tank . 220 and 70 mSv were measured at the bottom of other two tanks . And TEPCO said they found a dried stain under the pipe with 230 mSv/h radiation measurement . One drop of liquid fell when a staff member pressed on insulation material around the pipe . But TEPCO said no contaminated water leak is expected as there were no change in the water level in tanks . The enormous tanks are identical to the container that was announced last week to have leaked 300 tons of highly toxic water and sparking a hike to the threat level to "  serious . " TEPCO will investigate the cause and look further if there were any leakage . But TEPCO also took issue with reporting by some news outlets that the new radiation levels were high enough to cause death after several hours of exposure . It said the highest levels measured were so-called beta radiation , which quickly dissipates over short distances and is easily shielded through the use of thin sheets of metal and foil . "  Since beta radiation is weak and can be blocked by a thin metal sheet such as aluminum , we think that we can control radiation exposure by using proper equipments and cloths , " the company added . Why Fukushima is worse than you think TEPCO looks for outside help to stabilize Fukushima Fukishima tuna study finds miniscule health risks Japan ponders freezing ground	TEPCO found high radiation readings Saturday It said the highest levels measured were so-called beta radiation
Washington  CNN  -- When Air Force One lands in Estonia 's capital Wednesday , the U.S. message to Vladimir Putin -- only 500 miles away in Moscow -- will be clear : Stay put . President Barack Obama 's trip to the former Soviet state , ahead of this week 's NATO summit in Wales , is meant to reassure nervous Eastern Europe that Putin 's support for separatists in Ukraine does n't mean he has a free pass for territorial gains elsewhere . The warning to Russia was summed up by a top Obama foreign policy adviser last week : "  Do n't even think about messing around in Estonia or in any of the Baltic areas in the same way that you have been messing around in Ukraine . " Added to the schedule only last month , the stop in Estonia will supplement the message coming from NATO leaders gathering in Cardiff , Wales , who are set to announce the positioning of troops and equipment closer to Russia in Eastern Europe . NATO needs to create ` high-readiness force , ' secretary general says Those leaders also must confront the separate threat of militant Islamists making gains in Syria and Iraq , prompting more worries for NATO states on the eastern edge of the military alliance . That 's not to mention the very reason for the summit -- to determine how NATO 's mission will proceed in Afghanistan when combat troops depart at the end of the year . The global unrest , causing political strife for Obama in the United States , could provide a new purpose for the 65-year-old NATO alliance , which is suffering an "  identity crisis , " according to one analyst . Russian official : Russia is emotionally in Ukraine , its troops are not Putin 's actions in Russia have "  required NATO to really adapt and change fairly dramatically , " said Heather Conley , who directs the Europe program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington . "  In some ways , NATO should thank Vladimir Putin because it was really searching for its purpose , " Conley said . Warning Putin NATO members that border Russia , watching the once-unthinkable breach of Ukraine 's borders , are looking to the military alliance to affirm its commitment to Article 5 , which provides for collective defense of states under attack . Ukraine is n't a NATO member , though leaders did invite the country 's new president Petro Poroshenko to Wales this week . Other former Soviet states , like Estonia , Latvia , and Lithuania , joined NATO in the last decade , hoping to bolster ties to the West while increasing their own security frameworks . As reassurance to those countries , NATO leaders plan to approve the creation of a "  high-readiness " force that places new equipment and thousands of troops in Eastern Europe . Ukraine warns of return to ` full-scale war ' White House officials say the move is meant to be defensive rather than a provocation for Russia , though initial reaction from the Kremlin -- which called the move an "  external threat " -- foreshadowed a potential escalation in the crisis . NATO and Russia have agreed since 1997 that no permanent NATO troops will be positioned in Eastern Europe , meaning member states will rotate forces through bases closest to Russia . Charles Kupchan , Obama 's top adviser for European affairs , said leaders will describe the new effort as a "  persistent " force in the easternmost countries , rather than "  permanent . " "  We will see persistent rotation , persistent exercises to ensure that Estonia and that other countries in Central and Eastern Europe are provided the reassurance from NATO and the presence of NATO needed to meet their security needs , " he said . Opinion : What is Russia doing in Ukraine and what can the West do ? Battling ISIS Not on the official agenda in Wales , the ongoing spread of ISIS fighters in Iraq and Syria will nonetheless play a major role in Obama 's discussions in Wales . The President has said he wants to form a coalition of governments willing to take on the group , which has taken over huge swaths of territory and terrorized ethnic minorities . Officials say that could include a role for NATO , though in what capacity is so far unclear -- after all , Obama himself has n't yet decided whether to undertake airstrikes against ISIS in Syria . Western European leaders must also confront the growing threat of "  homegrown terrorism " -- citizens leaving to fight with militant groups in Syria and Iraq , and potentially returning to stage a terror attack at home . The host of the NATO summit , British Prime Minister David Cameron , already announced new measures to combat that threat after a London-accented militant was filmed beheading journalist James Foley . ISIS video shows beheading of second journalist "  There will have to be an acknowledgment that individual European countries , and certainly the United States , are taking action , actively working militarily on issues relating to Iraq and then potentially Syria , " said Kathleen Hicks , the director of the international security program at CSIS . Cameron lays out plans to counter U.K. jihadi threat Afghanistan 's future Just as the United States is watching anxiously the final outcome of Afghanistan 's recent election , NATO member states are wondering what their role will be there after this year ends . Both candidates in the contested vote have said they 'll sign an agreement allowing U.S. troops to remain there past 2014 . But without a winner , the Bilateral Security Agreement remains unsigned . Hanging over the decision is the security situation in Iraq , which has completely unraveled following U.S. troops ' withdrawal . Neither Obama nor his NATO counterparts want the same thing to happen in Afghanistan . Gunmen target spy agency in Afghanistan "  We 're moving into a world in which NATO will be less salient in Afghanistan , but in which we want to capitalize on the lessons that we 've learned , the partnerships that we 've built , " Kupchan said . No expansion NATO last admitted new members in 2009 , but leaders are quick to note this year 's summit is n't about expansion . The appetite for letting countries like Bosnia and Macedonia -- labeled "  aspirant countries " -- into the club has waned . It 's hard enough to get the 28 current members to agree on things , officials say . Case in point : NATO is having a tough time convincing its members to spend more on their militaries , a requirement for membership . The United States spends about 4.4 % of its gross domestic produce on defense , according to NATO figures ; the European average is 1.6 % . NATO 's guidelines encourage countries to spend at least 2 % of their GDP on defense . "  Part of the reason I think this NATO meeting is going to be so important is to refocus attention on the critical function that NATO plays to make sure that every country is contributing in order to deliver on the promise of our Article 5 assurances , " Obama said at a news conference last week . But analysts say as long as economic conditions in Europe remain bleak , countries will remain hesitant to ramp up their military spending , even as external threats grow . "  The Ukraine crisis has been a wake-up call , " Conley of CSIS said . "  Now , whether the Europeans will hit the snooze button or not , again , I do n't know , but it has certainly shaken them , that they have allowed their military defense spending to atrophy to a point where they are now vulnerable . "	Obama 's trip is meant to reassure Eastern Europe that Putin does n't have free pass Militant Islamists ' gains in Iraq and Syria also cause for concern for NATO members Summit was originally scheduled to address Afghanistan 's future when troops leave
Juba , South Sudan  CNN  -- East African leaders on Friday gave South Sudan 's warring factions four days to lay down their arms after nearly two weeks of widening violence . If they do n't , the leaders of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development  IGAD  warned they 'll "  take action " to stop the conflict that the United Nations says has killed more than 1,000 and forced some 121,000 from their homes . The warning came the same day the United Nations said the first of 5,500 additional peacekeepers had arrived in the country . The leaders of the IGAD did n't specify what sort of action would be taken . But a communique issued Friday in Nairobi , Kenya , appears to throw the group 's weight behind South Sudanese President Salva Kiir . In a joint statement by the leaders of the IGAD said they would not accept a violent overthrow of the country 's democratically elected government , and said any change must come through the democratic process . Kiir has accused rival politician Riek Machar , his former vice president , of trying to stage a coup . Machar has denied involvement in a coup . Fighting broke out between Kiir 's government and supporters of Machar on December 15 in the capital city of Juba . It quickly spread across the country , with reports of mass killings as evidenced by mass graves . Kiir and Machar are longtime rivals from two different tribal clans -- Kiir is from the Dinka tribe , Machar from the Neur . South Sudan 's government said it has agreed "  in principle " to a cease-fire demanded by the IGAD , Information Minister Michael Makuei Lueth told CNN . Leith said Kiir 's government is open to "  unconditional dialogue " to end the violence . The Intergovernmental Authority on Development appointed envoys from Kenya and Ethiopia to help broker a deal . Machar has n't responded to the proposal , leaving it unclear Friday what immediate impact the agreement would have on the fighting . The news of a possible deal comes as United Nations officials work feverishly to finalize details of sending peacekeeping reinforcements to South Sudan . The U.N. hopes to send them in no later than Saturday to help protect the 50,000 people now crowding U.N. bases , seeking shelter from the fighting . On Friday , 72 peacekeepers arrived in Juba , according to the United Nations . It was the first group of an additional 5,500 peacekeepers approved by U.N. Security Council . The additional personnel will increase the total peacekeeping force in South Sudan to 12,500 soldiers and 1,323 police officers . Meanwhile , U.N. officials and aid workers struggled to protect and provide food , shelter and medical care to those who have fled the fighting , which has spread to seven of South Sudan 's 10 states , according to the United Nations . More than 63,000 people have crowded on to U.N. bases in South Sudan seeking shelter from the violence , requiring a massive influx of aid . U.N. workers on Friday were able to resupply a U.N.-operated hospital in Malakal , U.N. Assistant Secretary-General Toby Lanzer said on Twitter . The U.N. Humanitarian Air Service also began flying in aid workers and supplies , he said . CNN 's Azadeh Ansari , Nana Karikari-apau , Moni Basu , Chelsea J. Carter in Atlanta , and journalist Kenneth Mijungu in Nairobi , Kenya , contributed to this report .	NEW : 72 of 5,500 new peacekeepers have arrived in Juba , the U.N. says East African leaders tell South Sudan government , rebels to stop fighting or else Group says it will take unspecified action if fighting does n't stop within four days South Sudan 's government says it 's ready to adopt a cease-fire
CNN  -- Military investigators said Monday that they do not suspect foul play in the death of an Army captain who collapsed during a video call with his wife . Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark , 43 , was using the video calling service Skype to speak with his wife , Susan Orellana-Clark , on April 30 when he slumped forward . He was dead when military personnel arrived two hours later . Orellana-Clark said Sunday in a statement that she saw what appeared to be a bullet hole on the wall behind her husband after he collapsed , leading to speculation he had been shot . While the cause of death is not known , investigators have ruled out a gunshot , Army Criminal Investigation Command spokesman Chris Grey said in a statement . "  Agents conducting the investigation , found no trauma to the body beyond minor abrasions and a possible broken nose most likely caused from Captain Clark striking his face on his desk when he collapsed , " Grey said . "  Although we have not completely ruled it out to ensure a complete and thorough investigation is conducted , we do not suspect foul play in the death of Captain Clark at this point in our ongoing investigation , " he said . In a statement Sunday , Orellana-Clark said that her husband seemed to be in no distress when he was "  knocked forward , " revealing what she said appeared to be a bullet hole in the closet door behind him . Orellana-Clark said she was releasing the details "  to honor my husband and dispel the inaccurate information and supposition promulgated by other parties . " Two U.S. military officials with knowledge of the investigation conducted in Afghanistan confirmed that it took two hours from the time Clark collapsed while on Skype with his wife until military personnel arrived . They said Orellana-Clark 's request had been routed through several commands in the United States before it was relayed to Afghanistan . No wounds were found on Clark 's body , according to one of the officials , who said the death has been determined to be "  noncombat " and suicide has been ruled out . An official determination of cause of death is pending autopsy and toxicology results , said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the case is still under investigation . Clark , who was a chief nurse , was assigned to the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso , Texas , but deployed with a medical unit from Fort Hood . He was stationed at Tarin Kowt , about 85 miles  140 kilometers  north of Kandahar . In addition to his wife , Clark is survived by two daughters . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Army investigators say captain who collapsed during video chat was not shot Foul play not suspected in Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark 's death , Army says Clark 's wife says she spotted a bullet hole in a closet behind her husband
CNN  -- The newly named co-host of CBS ' "  The Early Show " acknowledged the work ahead of her in an interview Sunday on CNN 's "  Reliable Sources " with Howard Kurtz . "  I look at it as a challenge , but I look at any new job as a challenge , " Erica Hill said . "  I know there 's been a lot written about the challenges that this sort of morning show has had . " While seen by millions of viewers , "  The Early Show " has consistently lagged in third place behind NBC 's "  Today " and ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " When asked about the show 's ratings struggle , Hill brushed off the stigma . "  What happened in the past happened in the past , " she said . "  I 'm really focused on the future . ... I 'm putting everything I have into this . " Hill will be joined by Chris Wragge , with whom she co-anchored the Saturday edition of "  The Early Show " since 2008 . While current "  Early Show " co-anchors Harry Smith and Maggie Rodriguez will remain at the helm of the program until early January and maintain roles at CBS News , Hill talked about the uncomfortable process of transitioning . "  It is awkward , " she said . "  They 're people ... that I adore and that I respect , not just as colleagues , not just as journalists , but also as friends . " Harry Smith , who has anchored morning shows at CBS for 17 years , said the first of many goodbyes on CBS Radio last week . "  Being on a network television show is a pretty cool job . You get to cover the news of the day , meet movie stars and cook with great chefs , " Smith said . "  I 'm leaving my job on ` The Early Show ' soon , but I will always be grateful for having one of the best seats in the house . " Prior to working at CBS , Hill appeared on CNN 's nightly newsmagazine "  AC360 , " where she joined Anderson Cooper for news bulletins and friendly banter .	Erica Hill says she is "  really focused on the future " She was named co-anchor of the morning program last week It rates third in its time slot behind NBC and ABC Hill previously appeared on CNN 's "  AC360 "
Atlanta  CNN  As U.S. Air Force fighter jets and bombers carry out airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq and Syria , Air Force officials are waging a campaign of their own on Capitol Hill . The target : Sequestration cuts expected to take effect in 2016 that , officials say , will threaten U.S. air superiority . Air Force Secretary Deborah James told lawmakers last month that "  enough is enough " when it comes to downsizing the Air Force , defending President Obama 's $ 534 billion Pentagon base budget request to the defense appropriations subcommittee . "  Given the state of the world ... the No. 1 thing we have to stop is this downsizing , " James said . Despite the concerns of defense officials , lawmakers insisted that $ 10 billion will need to be cut from the Air Force 's portion of the President 's proposed budget , which , in total , exceeds spending caps by nearly $ 35 billion . Rep. Tom Cole , R-Oklahoma , called the President 's base budget "  a fantasy " but expressed a desire to find a bipartisan compromise to provide some relief from spending caps instituted in 2013 after budget disagreements between President Obama and Congress . Until a compromise is reached , Cole said the committee will have to make "  a lot of tough decisions " related to cutting billions from the Air Force 's spending request . But will cuts actually threaten the United States ' standing as the most modern and capable air fleet on the planet ? Despite writing the blueprint on how to build the world 's greatest air force , Gen. Mark Welsh , the Air Force 's chief of staff , says the United States will not be able to maintain the Air Force 's strategic gains once next year 's sequestration cuts take effect . He says other nations are now using the U.S. model to build their own air fleets , a trend that could degrade the strategic advantage U.S. air superiority provides to the military . However , some experts say that downsizing the Air Force and even cutting its budget wo n't necessarily threaten U.S. air dominance . Jerry Hendrix , the director of the defense strategies and assessments program at the Center for a New American Security and a former Navy captain , says the United States is still comfortably ahead of every other nation in terms of overall air capabilities . Despite the fact that the U.S. Air Force has a quarter of the number of fighter squadrons it did 25 years ago , it is still larger than the air forces of the next seven countries combined , said Hendrix . It is also the only nation with an operational fifth-generation fighter jet . Air Force officials argue that the force is currently older and smaller than it has ever been and that further budget cuts would hinder its ability to modernize and maintain effective command structure . "  The option of not modernizing is n't really an option at all , " Welsh said . "  Air forces that fall behind the technology curve and joint forces without the full breadth of air , space and cyber power ... will lose . " The irony lies in that the Air Force 's emphasis on investing in a fleet solely made up of high-end aircraft may be one of the key factors drawing down the size of the force , says Hendrix . He agrees that more spending should be shifted toward air and maritime power due to their increasing roles in U.S. military strategy but says mistakes were made in terms of how the Air Force has balanced its commitment to maintaining the size of the fleet with its desire to modernize . "  Air Force leadership has failed to balance the idea that quantity has a quality of its own , " he said , adding that the Air Force should still pursue high-end aircraft but should supplement the fleet with older , cheaper aircraft models , like the F-16 , for low-end operations instead of immediately phasing them out when a new generation is introduced . In order for the Air Force to maintain air superiority , Hendrix says , officials and lawmakers need to start having a real conversation about the best way to mitigate downsizing that also promotes modernization . Then they need to work out a budget and find a way to work within it .	Secretary Deborah James said "  enough is enough " when it comes to downsizing Air Force $ 10 billion will need to be cut from the Air Force 's portion of the President 's proposed budget Rep. Tom Cole called the President 's base budget "  a fantasy " Air Force officials argue the force is currently older and smaller than it has ever been
Bamako , Mali  CNN  -- Dioncounda Traore , Mali 's interim president , was beaten and rushed to a hospital after hundreds of protesters demanding his resignation stormed the presidential palace Monday . Traore was assaulted and hit over the head when protesters found him inside the palace . The president was later taken to the hospital where he was treated for a wound to his head , hospital staff said . "  There were three dead and some injured by gunshot when -LSB- Traore 's -RSB- security shot at people , " said Bakary Mariko , a spokesman for the National Committee for the Restoration of Democracy , a group of military officers who mounted a coup in March . April : Traore sworn in as interim president Protests were expected after the Economic Community of West African States , which has tried to broker a return to civilian rule after the coup , agreed to let Traore remain in charge for a year to oversee the transition . And ECOWAS has warned that followers of Capt. Amadou Sanogo , who led the revolt that deposed President Amadou Toumani Toure , were threatening to derail the agreement . Traore 's term as interim president had been set to expire on Tuesday . Groups denouncing him gathered Monday morning in the Place de l'Independence , in the center of Mali 's capital , Bamako . Security Clearance : Disaster looms for people of Mali Traore "  is not staying as president of Mali , " said Youssouf Kone , the leader of several groups demanding the interim president 's resignation . "  We will stay until Traore agrees to step down , " he added . "  We 're going to make this the Tahrir Square , " referencing the 2011 protests in Egypt . Just before 11 a.m.  7 a.m. ET  , a group of protesters parted and moved up the hill in direction of the presidential palace . "  We do n't want Dioncounda " and "  Down with ECOWAS , " chanted a couple in the crowd , which remained peaceful at that point . When it reached the palace gates , the spontaneous march had gathered a couple of hundred supporters , some of them shouting slogans in support of the coup leader , Sanogo . According to witnesses , soldiers stood by as the crowd entered the building while others climbed over armored vehicles parked nearby . Some protesters were seen parking motorbikes and bicycles inside the palace . In other parts of town , protesters burned tires and put up posters saying the country will never heal with Traore in power . The group closed of one of the city 's bridges , causing the traffic to stand still all over Bamako . The protests reflect longstanding frustrations with Mali 's political class . Several of the protesters expressed discontent with Traore , a former labor activist who was the country 's parliament speaker before his appointment as interim president in April . "  Traore is part the same self-serving political elite that has misruled the country for years , " Fadima Sy , one of the protesters in Place de l'Independence , said . Interim Prime Minister Cheick Modibo Diarra went on state television Monday evening to denounce the attack and appealed to local politicians and organizations to stop encouraging the youth to march . Mali had been hailed as a shining example of African democracy before the coup , having experienced more than 20 years of democratic government . Sanogo and his fellow officers ousted Toure on March 22 , complaining that he had failed to properly equip soldiers battling a growing insurgency by Tuareg rebels in the country 's north . While ECOWAS and other countries pressured Sanogo to relinquish power , Tuareg fighters and Islamic rebels swiftly advanced and now claim control of much of northern Mali .	Demonstrators storm Mali 's presidential palace on Monday Interim President Dioncounda Traore is beaten and taken to a hospital A spokesman for rebel military officer says 3 people were killed by Traore 's bodyguards Traore was picked to lead an interim government after a March coup
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- At least nine Libyan soldiers were killed in fighting between government forces and Islamist militants in Benghazi on Friday , officials said . The fighting began when members of the Islamist armed group Ansar al Sharia and other "  criminal groups " attacked the headquarters of the Benghazi security directorate early Friday , the Libyan interim government said in a statement . Health officials said 19 soldiers and policemen were wounded , and some of the attackers were also killed , wounded or taken captive , according to the government . Residents and activists reported explosions and intense gunfire that lasted about an hour at dawn before army special forces troops took control of the area . The government said the attackers used small , medium and heavy weapons in their assault . The government condemned the attack and praised the special forces and other security personnel in Benghazi "  for their resilience . " The statement went on to say the government will not "  allow the presence of terrorists or armed criminal groups that operate outside the legitimacy of the state , it will not allow states within a state . " Security forces in Benghazi , Libya 's second-largest city , have often been targets of assassinations and bomb attacks blamed on Islamist extremist groups . On Tuesday , at least two soldiers were killed and a number of others were wounded when a car bomb blew up outside an army base in Benghazi . While no group has claimed responsibility for the violence that has gripped the eastern city , residents and officials have blamed it on groups including Ansar al Sharia , which has clashed with the army in recent months . The United States designated the militant group a terrorist organization this year for its involvement in violence in Benghazi , including the U.S. Consulate attack in 2012 . The security situation in Benghazi has been a major challenge for the Libyan government , with near daily assassinations and kidnappings , which mostly target security forces . There has been growing concern about the increasing presence and influence of radical militant groups in the North African country after the 2011 revolution that overthrew the Gadhafi regime . A recently released annual report by the U.S. State Department on global terrorism trends singled out Libya as an area of concern and instability . "  Libya 's porous borders , the weakness of Libya 's nascent security institutions , and large amounts of loose small arms create opportunities for violent extremists , " the report said . During an official visit to the Libyan capital last week , Deputy Secretary of State William Burns voiced his concerns about the situation and pledged U.S. support to Libya . "  The rising threat of violent extremism , whether it is people using violence for political purposes or the role of terrorist groups , is an enormous challenge first and foremost to the people of Libya , but also to Libya 's international partners as well . We recognize the severity of that threat , " he told reporters in Tripoli . "  We have all suffered from it , whether it is Americans or Libyans or others around the world , and that is why we have such a sense of urgency , and such a sense of determination , to help Libyans build their own security capacity , to deepen counterterrorism cooperation , and also to promote the kind of healthy political process and economic process that increases the chances for greater security over the long term . "	Benghazi security directorate headquarters attacked early Friday , Libyan government says 19 soldiers , policemen reported wounded , and some attackers killed , wounded or captured The attack is blamed on the Ansar al Sharia Islamist group and other "  criminal groups " Government says the attackers used small , medium and heavy weapons
CNN  -- The death of a Georgia man who fell about 85 feet from an upper level of Atlanta 's Turner Field has been ruled a suicide , an official said . Ronald Homer , 30 , fell during a Braves-Phillies baseball game on August 12 . The cause of death is blunt force trauma , according to the Fulton County Medical Examiner 's Office . Betty Honey , an investigator with that office , said Thursday that Homer had committed suicide . He had no other injuries besides those sustained as a result of his fall from the fourth level of the stadium shortly before 8:55 p.m. during a rain delay . The game was scheduled to start at 7:10 p.m. , but heavy rains pushed back the start time nearly two hours . Homer 's was the second such death at an Atlanta sporting venue in the last year or so . On August 31 , 2012 , a Tennessee fan died after falling about 45 feet at the Georgia Dome during a college football game between North Carolina State and the University of Tennessee . CNN 's Ed Payne , Dave Alsup and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Ronald Homer , 30 , fell during a Braves-Phillies baseball game The cause of death is blunt force trauma , medical examiner 's office says His was the second such death at an Atlanta sporting venue in the last year
CNN  -- Typhoon Usagi had Hong Kong and China 's Pearl River Delta in its predicted path Sunday . At 9 a.m. Sunday  9 p.m. Saturday ET  , Usagi was about 242 miles east of Hong Kong , the Hong Kong Observatory said . It was expected to move west-northwest at about 11 miles per hour . The U.S. Navy 's Joint Typhoon Warning Center said the storm had sustained winds of 115 mph . That was a drop from the 162 mph recorded on Friday , but Chinese authorities were bracing for major effects from landfall expected Sunday or Monday to the east of densely populated Hong Kong . Fujian Province evacuated more than 80,000 people and deployed more than 50,000 disaster-relief personnel , state news agency Xinhua reported . Evacuations also took place in Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces , state-run news agency Xinhua said . The news agency said some shipping along the coast and between Taiwan and the mainland had been halted . More than 44,000 fishing boats had been ordered into port . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Jethro Mullen and Todd Borek contributed to this report .	Winds from Typhoon Usagi drop but still register 115 mph More than 80,000 people have been evacuated from Fujian Province Some shipping to Taiwan and along the coast has been suspended Landfall is expected Sunday or Monday
CNN  -- One of Mexico 's most-wanted fugitives , an original member of the violent Zetas drug cartel , has been arrested in southern Mexico , officials said Tuesday . Flavio Mendez Santiago , alias "  El Amarillo , " was arrested Monday in a federal police operation in a town north of Oaxaca , Mexico , Mexico 's public security ministry said . The Zetas is one of Mexico 's major drug trafficking organizations , which are involved in various turf wars throughout the country that have resulted in thousands of violent killings . Mendez , 35 , was on a list of Mexico 's 37 most-wanted fugitives . There was a 15 million peso  $ 1.2 million  reward for his capture . It was not immediately known if someone would claim that money . Arrest warrants were out for Mendez in the states of Oaxaca , Chiapas , and the federal district where Mexico City sits . He is being investigated for attempted murder , organized crime , and crimes against health , the ministry said . At one time , he was the personal bodyguard for Osiel Cardenas Guillen , the now-imprisoned leader of the Gulf cartel . The Zetas were created as an enforcement arm of the Gulf cartel , but have since split into their own organization at odds with their former employers . In 1993 , Mendez was recruited as a founder of the Zetas . He rose to lead the group 's informal spy network of "  hawks " in northern Mexico , and most recently was in charge of cartel operations in southern Mexico , the ministry said . He is also believed to be in charge of controlling the flow of illegal immigrants coming into Mexico from Central and South America . Mendez was arrested together with Carlos Alejandro Rodriguez , his personal bodyguard . The arrest is a blow to the Zetas operations , though the organization 's top leadership , including bosses Heriberto Lazcano and Miguel Trevino , remain at large . According to the government , there have been more than 34,600 drug-related deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 .	Flavio Mendez Santiago was arrested Monday night in a federal police operation He is under investigation for attempted murder and crimes against health , officials say Mendez was on a list of Mexico 's 37 most-wanted fugitives
Congress returns to Washington facing the biggest international crisis in years . It is critical the House of Representatives and Senate work together to send a strong and unified message that Russia 's invasion of Ukraine is unacceptable , and take quick action to punish President Vladimir Putin . While we are both relatively new to Washington , we 've been here long enough to realize that our divided Congress is n't good at "  quick action " or "  unified messages . " Yet we also recognize that the roots of Russia 's actions last week to invade and control Crimea are complex , and they predate President Barack Obama 's tenure . This challenge is truly bigger than our partisan divides . Putin clearly decided that the benefits of an armed intervention in Ukraine outweighed whatever costs the United States would be willing to impose . The United States must reset that calculation . In that spirit , we welcome Obama 's call for bipartisan action in the Congress , which will hopefully move to quickly pass a serious package of financial support for Ukraine and to bolster the authorities that the administration already has to pursue and penalize Russian individuals and entities . Live blog : ` Strong belief ' Russian incursion is illegal The United States must make clear to Putin that by violating Ukraine 's sovereignty and violating multiple international commitments , he has made a strategic miscalculation that will lead to severe impacts for Russia 's economy and its standing in the world . Beyond immediate financial actions against the Russian regime and even Putin himself , if Russia attempts to expand its military operations and threatens eastern Ukraine , we and our allies in Europe need to be ready to implement a trade embargo , explore restrictions on imports of Russian natural gas , and cut off Russian banks from the international financial system . We also need to open up exports of domestic natural gas to our allies and partners in the region so that they are less susceptible to Russia 's efforts to use energy as a weapon . If , in the coming days , Russia does not back down , Ukraine will require more than just our moral and financial support , including defense assistance in the form of a military assessment team to examine Ukraine 's needs , as well as enhanced intelligence cooperation . Putin : Military force last resort Our allies and partners in Central and Eastern Europe are undoubtedly watching this situation with much apprehension about what it says about the credibility of American leadership and the future of the transatlantic alliance . To this end , we need to support our emerging partners in the region . For years , Georgia has been requesting a defensive arms package that would include anti-aircraft and anti-tank capabilities that the 2008 conflict showed were sorely needed . We need to provide this support and finalize a Membership Action Plan  MAP  for Georgia to join NATO . For those partners already in the pipeline for membership , we should move up accession as soon as possible , even as early as the NATO Summit in Wales in September . Recent events should break the freeze on NATO expansion that has been in place for the past five years . It is precisely the ambiguity in which NATO left Georgia after the 2008 Bucharest Summit that fueled Russia 's belief that it can bully NATO partners and not face a credible response . Opinion : Why it will be hard for West to stop Putin We also need to show solidarity with our allies who are already in NATO . We should make clear that we share Turkey 's concerns about the status of Crimean Turks and other ethnic minorities . And we should reject Russia 's claims that it is protecting ethnic Russians . How should our friends in Vilnius , Riga , or Tallinn take Russian rhetoric about the need to "  protect " ethnic Russians in Ukraine when they , too , have significant populations of ethnic Russians living in their countries ? NATO should review its force posture in the region and take tangible steps to show the credibility of our Article V guarantee to the most vulnerable members of the alliance . This should include strengthening the NATO and U.S. military presence in frontline member states . We also need to admit to ourselves that the significant military cuts proposed by Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel a week ago are entirely unrealistic in today 's threat environment , and that as we focus more on Asia , we can not ignore ongoing threats to European security . None of this will be easy . It will require leadership , not crisis management focused on de-escalation , which seems to be the primary concern of the White House . Some of our European allies have responded strongly , and others will need prodding from the administration and even the President himself . Some may argue that these actions are overly provocative and will only encourage Russia to be more aggressive . But provoking Russia is exactly what five years of "  reset " has now achieved . If we do not take these steps , similar actions by Russia and other authoritarian regimes around the world will only proliferate . So , too , will the uncertainty and hedging of our global allies and potential partners , who already , from Latin America to the Middle East to Asia , have plenty of reasons to doubt our seriousness and question whether America will continue to be the leading force for peace and stability in the world in the decades to come . The stakes are extremely high , but this is an opportunity to correct some of the mistakes we have made recently in our relationship with Russia and to send a message heard around the world that America is not going anywhere . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Rubio and Cotton feel the U.S. response on Ukraine should transcend "  partisan divides " They say Congress should support sanctions , implement a trade embargo Consider restricting imports of natural gas and cutting off Russian banks , they say They argue that similar actions will proliferate around the world if steps are n't taken now
Warsaw , Poland  CNN  -- Poland , the European Union 's fastest growing economy , wants to become a member of the eurozone -- but its finance minister says the country will wait until "  it is safe to do so . " "  We want to join  the eurozone  , " Jan Vincent-Rostowski told CNN . "  I think we feel that there is still a lot to be done and the eurozone has a lot of homework to do . " The minister says the eurozone must be "  repaired " and that there is more work to be done . "  We are very concerned , we think half the job has been done , but we are still not entirely out of the woods , " he said . He says at the moment there is no real safety net when problems arise in the eurozone and there needs to be fewer restrictions on the European Central Bank , for example when it comes to buying government bonds . "  We feel that the so-called firewall is inadequately large and we feel that the freedom of action that the ECB thinks it has is inadequate , " he added . But despite the difficult economic climate engulfing much of Europe , Poland 's economy is continuing to grow . According to Vincent-Rostowski , between 2008 and 2011 Poland achieved a cumulative growth of almost 16 % -- double that of the EU 's second fastest growing economy , Slovakia . Regardless of Poland 's growth , the country is enacting a policy of austerity . Vincent-Rostowski sees this as the most important part of the country 's fiscal policy . He says Poland will reduce the ratio of public debt to gross domestic product this year , and is almost certain that they will eliminate "  excessive " public debt . The finance minister believes his country is well placed should the eurozone 's economic prospects improve , or even if they weaken , saying that scenario helps Poland 's export performance . "  We are fairly comfortable with both situations , " Vincent-Rostowski said . "  I am not too concerned one way or another . "	Poland is the European Union 's fastest growing economy Poland 's finance minister says the country wants to join the eurozone Finance minister Jan Vincent-Rostowski says the eurozone must be "  repaired "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The son of actor Michael Landon was found dead in his West Hollywood , California , home Monday afternoon , according to investigators . There was "  no indication of foul play " in the death of Mark Landon , 60 , according to the report from the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . Mark Landon was the son of Dodie Frasier , who married Michael Landon in 1956 . The actor adopted the child and his younger brother . Mark Landon had a few acting credits , playing small roles in three movies , according to the Internet Movie Database . He played a cab driver in "  Us , " a film his father directed and starred in just before his death from cancer in 1991 . Michael Landon was once one of Hollywood 's biggest TV stars . He is best known for his 14 years as "  Little Joe " Cartwright in TV 's long-running "  Bonanza , " and later as Charles Ingalls in nine seasons of "  Little House on the Prairie . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	"  Bonanza " star 's son Mark Landon found dead in West Hollywood home Officials say no indication of foul play in 60-year-old 's death Mark Landon had a few acting credits , playing small roles in three movies
CNN  -- On this month 's Art of Life legendary fashion designer , Tom Ford gives us unprecedented access to his life and his home . Catwalk king Tom Ford gives Art of Life exclusive access to his work and life CNN Anchor Monita Rajpal joins him in Milan at the launch party of his men 's fragrance and in New York at his flagship menswear store on Madison Avenue before taking a tour of ` Tom 's London ' -- Ford 's favourite places to soak up some culture and relax . Ford on fashion For many , Tom Ford 's vision of accessible luxury at Gucci and Yves Saint Laurent in the 90s epitomised the glamour of that decade . His latest label Tom Ford Menswear is infused with the kind of elegance he is known for and aims to revolutionise the notion of luxury he created . In Milan , he talks about why he wo n't be offering a catwalk collection and shares his plans for the future in New York . The man behind the brand He is one of the most talked about designers in the world but who is the real Tom Ford ? Monita Rajpal gets personal with the designer considered by some to be the consummate showman but who confesses to being shy . He explains how his intuition got him where he is today and lets slip a few revelations from the past . Tom 's London Tom Ford splits his time between his homes in LA , Santa Fe , Austin , Texas and London . He has a particular affection for London and gives Monita Rajpal a tour of his home before having a bite to eat at Scott 's , Mayfair and indulging in some art appreciation at the White Cube gallery . E-mail to a friend	This month on Art of Life Tom Ford gives us access to his life and work Monital Rajpal gets to know the man behind the brand in an exclusive interview Ford talks about his menswear label at the flagship store on Madison Ave A guided tour of Ford 's London home and his favourite places to eat and relax
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- A 43-year-old woman convicted in the assassination of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on Wednesday ended her hunger strike after authorities agreed to review her demand for early release . Nalini Sriharan received a death sentence in 1991 for plotting to murder former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi . Nalini Sriharan , who has been in jail for 18 years , went on a fast Monday , said Jaya Bharathi , superintendent of Vellore prison in southern India . Convicted of plotting the murder of Gandhi in a suicide bomb attack in 1991 , she received a death sentence along with her husband and two others . Sriharan 's sentence was commuted to life imprisonment on a mercy petition by Sonia Gandhi , the Italian-born widow of the slain former prime minister . The other three remain on death row . In India , a lifer becomes eligible for early release after serving 14 years , Bharathi said . Authorities would consider setting up an advisory board on Sriharan 's demand , Bharathi added . "  She ended her fast today and had her breakfast and lunch , " Bharathi told CNN . India accused Sri Lanka 's Tamil rebels of ordering the killing of Rajiv Gandhi , who had sent Indian peacekeepers to the restive island nation while in power .	Authorities have agreed to review case of 43-year-old prisoner Nalini Sriharan Sriharan started a hunger strike on Monday to seek early release from jail She has been in jail for 18 years , convicted of plotting murder of Rajiv Gandhi Former Indian PM Gandhi was killed in a suicide bomb attack in 1991
The Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation brought in $ 144.4 million in 2013 , a three-fold growth from the $ 51.5 million the foundation received in 2012 , according to tax documents released on Wednesday . Though the group said in a statement the boost came from a consolidation with other charities under the foundation , the jump could also be seen as the foundation moving to up its endowment and put itself on better footing in case Hillary Clinton runs for president in 2016 . "  In 2013 the Foundation reconsolidated the Clinton Global Initiative into its operations , " Andrew Kessel , the foundation 's chief financial officer , wrote in a letter attached to the tax forms . "  As such , the 990 tax document shows a corresponding increase in both revenue and expenses . " According to the filing , nine donors collectively gave over $ 60 million . One donor gave $ 15 million , while three more gave around $ 10 million . The foundation does disclose a range of their donors online -- though they are not legally obligated to -- but the names of these donors are blacked out on the tax filing . "  In 2013 , the Foundation expanded our work , reinforced our financial footing , and became better positioned to maximize our impact for years to come , " Kessel said . "  Our tax statements reflect these improvements . " While revenue went up , so did expenses . Nearly 10 % -- or $ 8.1 million -- of the foundation 's $ 84.6 million in expenses was spent on travel . The only categories with higher expenses were salaries and wages and "  conferences , conventions and meetings . " And now at least one conservative group , America Rising PAC , is calling on Clinton to detail the foundation 's expenses to reveal whether the Clintons ' politically-related travel during the 2014 midterms was funded by the nonprofit organization . "  We are calling on the Foundation to release details of how their travel and fundraising budget was spent so voters know the extent to which the Clinton 's use the charity to subsidize their lavish travel , courtship of potential 2016 donors , and political schedule , " the PAC 's executive director Tim Miller said in an email . Early in 2013 , just shortly after Hillary Clinton left her post as America 's top diplomat , the foundation that was once simply known as the William J. Clinton Foundation was renamed to the Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation . Hillary Clinton has been very visible at the foundation 's events . She led a number of sessions at the group 's annual Clinton Global Initiative meeting in New York this year and just last week led a session at a foundation event in Little Rock . Since leaving the State Department , Clinton has stepped up her role in fundraising for the foundation , too . When Clinton served as secretary of state , the foundation pledged to disclose their donors and stopped holding events overseas in order to avoid conflict of interest claims between her role and the foundations . With Clinton eying another run at the presidency , a spokesman for the foundation said earlier this year that should Clinton run for president , the "  precedent " of what the foundation did while she served as secretary of state would serve as a guide to how they would handle her run	The Bill , Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation had a three-fold growth in contributions from 2012 to 2013 According to the tax filing , nine donors collectively gave over $ 60 million Nearly 10 % -- or $ 8.1 million -- of the foundation 's $ 84.6 million in expenses was spent on travel
New Delhi  CNN  -- Four severely burned bodies have been recovered from an Indian navy submarine that sank in Mumbai this week after an explosion and fire on board , authorities said Friday . The Indian government warned that there was almost no hope of finding any survivors among the 14 other sailors who were in the submarine when it was hit by the unexplained blast at a naval dockyard early Wednesday . Navy divers have been searching for the trapped submarine personnel for the past two days . Their task has been complicated by poor visibility inside the stricken submarine 's passageways , which are full of oily , muddy water and wreckage . Adding to their difficulties , the heat of the explosion warped some of the hatches inside the vessel , blocking the divers ' access to certain areas . The four bodies they found Friday are unidentifiable because they were so severely burned , authorities said . They have been taken to a naval hospital for DNA identification . Searching ` every inch ' The state of the bodies and conditions inside the INS Sindhurakshak , a Russian-built submarine , mean that "  finding any surviving personnel within the submarine is unlikely , " the ministry said . "  The feasibility of locating bodies of personnel in the forward part of the submarine is also very remote , as the explosion and very high temperatures , which melted steel within , would have incinerated the bodies , too , " it warned . But divers will continue to scour "  every inch " of the submarine until all the bodies are recovered "  or it can be stated with finality that no bodies remain to be found , " the statement said . Authorities say they have contacted the families of all the 18 missing personnel and are keeping them updated . The defense ministry has published the names of the three officers and 15 sailors concerned . Worst peacetime disaster An investigation into the explosion and fire -- the Indian navy 's worst peacetime disaster -- is under way . Navy officials say they so far ca n't pinpoint the cause . Salvage work on the diesel-electric submarine wo n't begin until the search for bodies is over , the defense ministry said Friday . The Sindhurakshak had only recently returned from an extensive refitting in Russia before the disaster . Observers have described the vessel 's sinking as a significant setback to the navy 's ambitions . It took place just days after two events hailed as big steps forward for the Indian military 's technological capabilities . The Indian navy had last week activated the reactor on the Arihant , its first domestically built nuclear submarine . And on Monday , it launched the Vikrant , a home-built aircraft carrier . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Navy divers have now found four bodies inside the submarine Authorities say they may not be able to recover all 18 missing sailors The INS Sindhurakshak sank after an explosion and fire this week An investigation is under way into what caused the blast
CNN  -- Actor Wendell Pierce 's biggest role today is running the Pontchartrain Park Community Development Corp. , which is hard at work trying to rebuild the New Orleans neighborhood devastated by Hurricane Katrina . Pierce was one of the stars of HBO 's "  The Wire " and most recently played a jazz trombone player in "  Treme , " HBO 's look at New Orleans after Katrina . He talked to CNN about what it 's like trying to revive "  the Park . " Pontchartrain Park was featured in Soledad O'Brien 's "  CNN In America 's New Orleans Rising . " CNN : Tell me about the neighborhood where you grew up . WENDELL PIERCE : Pontchartrain Park started in 1952 as a result of the civil rights movement . It was the only place where blacks were allowed during segregation to purchase post-World War II homes . Two hundred acres were given over to a golf course , with 1,000 homes around it , multidenominational churches , a university and schools . We refer to it as "  the Park , " but I 've described it as the black Mayberry . Although separate but equal , my parents ' generation created something that was bucolic . It was great . It was an incubator for talent . ... It was not only an idyllic place to grow up , there were also high expectations . It was expected that everyone would go to college . In the middle of it was this wonderful golf course created by Joseph Bartholomew , who did most of the golf courses in New Orleans but could n't play on any of them . CNN : What was it like when you first saw Pontchartrain Park after Katrina ? PIERCE : It was devastation . We thought the neighborhood would never come back . And then I realized there was too much history . It was one of the most stable neighborhoods in the United States : 90 percent home ownership , less than 10 percent poverty in a city with 80 percent , no crime . I put out a call to action to people in my generation . Too many people suffered and protested and worked too hard to create Pontchartrain Park . We 're not going to let this one incident destroy it . CNN : How is your initiative to bring it back going ? PIERCE : It 's going great . Some movement is happening with transfer of properties to us . We stand in line to get something like 250 properties , and we are up to 20 or 25 now . We put up our model homes , which are geothermal and solar . We have 200 people in line to purchase homes , and that 's before any marketing . Getting the -LSB- rebuilding -RSB- money is what 's holding it up . We have the properties , the homes ; we have people qualified with the bank , and we are still trying to access the money . That 's the last difficult step . The money to assist people comes through the state . But they keep changing the rules and the qualifications and the goal-lines all the time . So it is n't appropriated . That 's because the state is hostile to the city and is trying to reappropriate the money to other parts of the state and not to the city of New Orleans . That 's the political fight that you have to constantly have . Three billion dollars has been appropriated -LSB- to rebuild after Katrina -RSB- and has n't been spent in five years and that 's because there 's an agenda supported by many that do n't want people to move back . CNN : What are the conditions in New Orleans now ? PIERCE : Right now in New Orleans , it 's worse than the week of the storm . We 're talking about people who own their property and who did n't receive any insurance . My parents had Allstate insurance , and they got $ 400 after paying premiums for 50 years . It was criminal , a criminal action . So you have people who own their property , like my parents did , whose insurance policies were not recognized . And there 's $ 3 billion to assist them to get back in their homes , and the state is not doing anything to help them out . Why has n't it been used ? Because it 's a concerted effort to reappropriate the money and keep the poor and black people out . Let 's put it this way . There is no large-scale redevelopment plan by any governmental entity in Louisiana , five years after Katrina . The only large-scale thing they did was to destroy public housing and get rid of a large population of minority people and the poor . There are no large-scale initiatives . Mine is one of the largest . We plan to do 550 -LSB- homes in the Park -RSB- ; compare that with the fact there are 30,000 to 50,000 blighted properties here . There is a concerted effort to redistrict the city , a concerted effort to keep thousands of people out , change the demographics of the city and hope people give up on a mass scale . In times of crisis like this , we see the best and the worst of people . It 's a reminder we are not far off from the days when the ugliest aspects of the country were made into law , so it can so easily go right back into it . CNN : So who 's moving into Pontchartrain Park ? PIERCE : We have everyone imaginable ; we have elderly , we have young couples trying to get in , we have 80-year-olds trying to get back into their properties . This is a close-knit community . Who 's moving in ? Look in the mirror , and that 's who 's in Pontchartrain Park . No matter who you are , young or old , it 's a diverse group of people , a predominantly African-American community that 's been stable ever since it was constructed . Meet some residents of Pontchartrain Park CNN : The government 's not rebuilding New Orleans . Do you think grass-roots groups will bring New Orleans back ? PIERCE : While the government does not have a plan , it is the citizens who came to government and worked with them to lead them to reconstituting the neighborhoods . The Lower 9th and St. Bernard neighborhoods were harder hit ; they have further to go . This is happening all over the city . That 's the saddest part . What surprised me the most -LSB- when I began this -RSB- was the lack of skill and competence on the government 's part to know how to put this together , and how strong the effort to stop people from moving back to New Orleans is . CNN : What do you mean when you talk about "  onesies and twosies " ? PIERCE : It 's no good to build one or two houses in a city that has 50,000 blighted properties . Like , this church group says "  We 're doing three houses right here , " a business group says it 's doing two houses there , then "  I 'm a contractor ; I 've got three houses over here . " We need large-scale development . My group is not put together to do a hundred houses . Our goal is 7,000 in the city , about 550 in the Park . CNN : Did the HBO show "  Treme " capture the real New Orleans ? PIERCE : Well -- you ca n't tell all the stories ; there are so many , so you ca n't please everybody -- but there is an authenticity to our show . It 's true and real . Of all the shows about the city , this comes the closest to being authentic . CNN : You play a jazz musician in "  Treme " and do lots of numbers . Do you really play the trombone ? PIERCE : Yes , I do play the trombone , but I play very poorly , so they turn my mic off , and my sound double plays . But I learned every song , and I 'm getting better !	Wendell Pierce grew up in Pontchartrain Park , an idyllic community ruined by Katrina He runs initiative to rebuild community but frustrated with government inaction Pierce says holdup in funding housing is effort to keep poor , minorities from returning Pierce : "  There is a concerted effort ... to change the demographics of the city "
CNN  -- As relatives began to say their final goodbyes to their slain children , investigators in Connecticut worked Monday to better understand what happened to them , including digging deeper into the gun and computer use of the 20-year-old man who ended their lives . In recent days , authorities have established that Adam Lanza shot open an entrance into Newtown 's Sandy Hook Elementary School . He fired multiple magazines -- each one with 30 bullets -- from a Bushmaster AR-15 rifle to kill six adults and 20 children from two classrooms . Each victim was shot multiple times before Lanza used a handgun to kill himself . Why ? Authorities have n't given a motive . But they are looking into shards of the remnants of the shooter 's smashed home computer -- -- including e-mails he may have sent and websites he may have visited -- hoping it will shed light on his thinking , a law enforcement official said Monday . Authorities are also probing Lanza 's history with firearms . The three weapons found near his dead body were the semiautomatic .223 - caliber rifle made by Bushmaster and two handguns made by Glock and Sig Sauer . A shotgun was found in his car nearby , according to Connecticut State Police Lt. J. Paul Vance . The weapons belonged to his mother , Nancy Lanza , who was found shot dead in her Newtown home Friday . She collected firearms , shot them and went to gun ranges , Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives spokeswoman Debora Seifert said Monday . The mother and the son who killed her even went to a range together . From what the ATF has been able to determine thus far , "  their most recent visit was more than six months ago , " Seifert said . Beyond such developments , officials overall were tight-lipped Monday about their investigation . Hundreds of state troopers , detectives and other law enforcement personnel are analyzing every round of ammunition fired , examining the gunman 's medical history and talking to witnesses , said Vance , the state police spokesman . Investigators plan to interview a pair of adults wounded "  in their lower extremities . " The hope is the two -- whom authorities have not identified , though a parent last week said one was a vice principal at the school -- could , "  when it 's medically appropriate , " play a key role in helping to reconstruct what happened , said Vance . "  I 'm not at liberty to discuss any of the information so far uncovered , but suffice it to say ... we will cover every single facet , " the police spokesman said of the investigation . First funerals and addressing ` the unthinkable ' The anguish caused by the shooting was visible Monday outside a Newtown funeral home , as young and old streamed in to pay their respects to 6-year-old Jack Pinto . One of the sports fanatic 's idols , New York Giants receiver Victor Cruz , paid tribute during his game Sunday by writing "  Jack Pinto My Hero " on his cleats . Afterward , the NFL player said he is "  amazed " Jack 's family chose to bury the boy wearing a child-size Cruz jersey . "  I do n't even know how to put it into words , " Cruz said . The 6-year-old himself was a budding athlete . Shortly before his death , he wrestled in his first match and earned a medal , said New Milford Youth Wrestling Association President Ken Linder . Many of his teammates wore medals into Jack 's funeral Monday . Others , many of them about his age , came in Newtown youth sports shirts . The funeral home could n't contain the mourners , with the line extending to the street . Jack was n't the only one remembered Monday . So , too , was Noah Pozner , another 6-year-old whose family said he could get what he wanted just by batting his long eyelashes . Noah loved playing with his siblings , especially his twin sister . They still do n't know how their brother died , Noah 's aunt said . "  How do you tell them that 's how their brother died ? " Victoria Haller said Sunday . "  It 's the unthinkable , really . " More funerals are coming . For instance , there 's Jessica Rekos on Tuesday . Benjamin Wheeler on Thursday . Madeleine Hsu on Friday . All of them are 6 years old . And once everyone is buried , residents say it 's unlikely their tight-knit community will ever be the same . "  It 's incomprehensible , the pain here , " Darla Henggeler said . "  You ca n't imagine . We 're still in shock . I ca n't let my heart go there because it 's so overwhelming . "  Once it settles in , I think my heart will break . " Ex-school official : Lanza would ` withdraw into his own little world ' When he was the Newtown public schools ' director of security , Richard Novia knew Adam Lanza . In high school , the then-teen had psychological issues and would sometimes "  withdraw into his own little world , " Novia said . But he never saw Friday 's carnage coming . "  I interacted with that boy daily for several years , " Novia told Nancy Grace from HLN , CNN 's sister network . "  And I can tell you that there was no indication he would carry out a heinous act . " Lanza worked with Novia in Newtown High 's Tech Club , with his mother -- who the former security director described as "  doting " and very involved in her children 's lives -- often taking part in its activities . She 'd also be called to the school when Adam Lanza "  would have little episodes ... where he could not ... talk or communicate , even what he was feeling . " Citing local school authorities , Vance said Monday there was "  no connection " between the shooter and with the elementary school he targeted . Cynthia Jaroszewksi , though , told CNN that Lanza once attended that school and was even in the same first - and third-grade classes as her daughter , Rebecca . No class for Sandy Hook students ` until further notice ' As to Sandy Hook 's current students and faculty , they will be out of school "  until further notice , " Newtown Police Lt. George Sinko said . When classes do resume , it will be in a different place . Authorities have said Sandy Hook students and staff will be at Chalk Hill Elementary in neighboring Monroe , Connecticut , with Gov. Dannel Malloy saying he 's signed an order to expedite such a move . In fact , moving trucks were parked outside the Newtown school Monday , to transport supplies and equipment to their home . School will be in session for other students in town Tuesday , albeit after a 2-hour delay . "  Be assured that the safety of your children and our staff are our first priority , " Superintendent Janet Robinson told parents in an e-mail . "  Police  Chief  Michael  Kehoe along with his colleagues from the State Police and surrounding communities are implementing a security plan which will provide increased presence at all of our schools . " Read more : Timeline : School violence in the U.S. Read more : Support crucial for kids after trauma Massacre stirs debate about gun control Preventing future Newtowns is n't just on Connecticut residents ' minds . The massacre has spurred talk nationwide about gun violence and how to prevent it . President Barack Obama 's call for change was the centerpiece of his address Sunday night at Newtown High School . Referencing other mass shootings over the last two years , he said Americans ca n't "  honestly say we 're doing enough to keep our children -- all of them -- safe from harm . " To that end , Obama promised , "  In the coming weeks , I will use whatever power this office holds to engage my fellow citizens -- from law enforcement to mental health professionals , to parents and educators -- in an effort aimed at preventing more tragedies like this . " Read more : "  We ca n't tolerate this anymore , " Obama says While gun rights groups like the National Rifle Association have been largely silent since Friday 's shooting , others have spoken up . Malloy , Connecticut 's governor , said Monday , "  I 'd love to hear the people argue that we need 30-round magazines and that 's somehow tied to the right to bear arms . We 're not talking about basic weapons that are used in hunting . " Sen. Joe Manchin , a conservative Democrat from West Virginia and "  proud gun owner , " said he 's now committed to "  dialogue that would bring a total change " given what happened in Newtown . Interactive : Remembering the school shooting victims "  Who would have ever thought , in America or anywhere in the world , that children would be slaughtered ? " he told CNN . "  It 's changed me . " The debate is playing out not just in Washington , but across America . John Licata told CNN 's iReport there needs to be better vetting before people buy guns , and assault weapons should be banned -- something Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , says she 'll propose once the new Congress convenes in January . CNN iReporter Jameson Riley said the shooting shows the need for more armed guards in schools . Riley , a gun owner , said recent mass shootings have made him consider getting a concealed weapon permit . "  I have a 2-year-old daughter , and she is the light of my life , " he said . "  And I would like to protect her . " Others said Americans should n't change how they live , contending that doing so is a victory for perpetrators of violence . "  Yes , I hugged my son so tight when he got home from school that day that he asked what was wrong , " one CNN.com commenter wrote . "  But I refuse to let evil monsters intimidate me into living my life -- or raising my son -- in fear . " Read more : Hugs , tears can comfort survivors Read the full text of the president 's speech Analysis : Why gun controls are off the agenda in America CNN 's Susan Candiotti reported on this story from Newtown , and Greg Botelho wrote it from Atlanta . CNN 's Holly Yan , Catherine E. Shoichet , Kyung Lah , David Ariosto , Wayne Drash , Eric Marrapodi , Carol Cratty and David Williams contributed to this report .	NEW : An ex-school official says Lanza sometimes withdrew "  into his own little world " Authorities look at smashed computer parts from the gunman 's home , an official says Lanza visited at least one gun range with his mother , an ATF spokeswoman says Funerals are held for two of the 26 school shooting victims , both of them 6-year-olds
CNN  -- World number one Rafael Nadal has been drawn to play Novak Djokovic , Tomas Berdych and Andy Roddick in the group stage of the ATP World Tour Finals in London . The Spaniard was selected in Group A in the season-ending event , which sees the top eight players in the world compete against each other . World number two Roger Federer , from Switzerland , has been drawn in Group B alongside Sweden 's Robin Soderling , Briton Andy Murray and David Ferrer , of Spain . Murray will open the tournament against Soderling on Sunday at 1400 GMT with Federer taking on Ferrer at 2000 GMT . The following day Djokovic , from Serbia , will play Berdych , from the Czech Republic , at 1400 GMT , with Nadal taking on American Roddick in the evening . In rankings released on Monday , Soderling climbed to fourth after his victory at the Paris Masters on Sunday , and despite Murray slipping to fifth he is hoping home advantage can inspire him in London . He told his website : "  It 's an incredible atmosphere , a huge arena and it 's one of the biggest competitions in tennis behind the Grand Slams , so I 'm really looking forward to it . "  The last couple of weeks were n't as good as I 'd have liked , although I actually won my first doubles competition with my brother , which was cool , but playing in front of a home crowd is always great . It would be a big one psychologically to win , so I 'll give it my best shot . " Federer has also targeted victory at the World Tour Finals after his surprising defeat at the semifinal stage in Paris by Frenchman Gael Montfils . But Federer has an excellent record at the season finale with 29 wins and seven defeats since his first appearance in 2002 . "  I feel good . I 'm playing well . I think I have good chances maybe in London for winning , " Federer told the ATP Tour 's official website . "  I feel good physically . In a way it is a relief that I was able to finish the tournament -LSB- in Paris -RSB- in good physical health . "  I 'm fresh mentally , too . This is the most important thing . Victories are important , but when you 're not fit and when you 're injured , it 's bad . So I think I 'm going to recover quite fast after that loss . "  It was not a bad match -LSB- against Monfils -RSB- . I 'm happy with my performance . Clearly with a victory I would have had big chances of winning the tournament . This is not the case , so now I have to look at the future . I 'm going to prepare for London . "	Groupings for season-ending ATP World Tour Finals in London announced Tournament sees top eight players in the world compete against each other Rafael Nadal has been drawn to play Novak Djokovic , Tomas Berdych and Andy Roddick Roger Federer to face Robin Soderling , Andy Murray and David Ferrer
CNN  -- So what really goes on at the world 's busiest airport ? Since midnight Tuesday , a team of more than 30 journalists from CNN has descended on Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport -- the world 's busiest by volume of passengers -- to find out . CNN is looking at the areas we never see when we travel -- behind-the-scenes luggage screening with the Transportation Security Administration , on the ramp with Southwest Airlines ground crews and more . And we 're looking at the stories behind the people who pass through and work in the airport every day . The resulting project will publish later this year , but you can follow along by searching the hashtag #ATL24 on Twitter or Instagram or by following this Twitter list from @CNNTravel . Here 's a collection of some of the most interesting posts so far . Tweet with #ATL24 or post a comment to let us know what you 'd like to learn more about at the world 's busiest airport . .	Team of 30-plus CNN journalists descends on world 's busiest airport Follow along by searching hashtag #ATL24 on Twitter or Instagram CNN explores areas and people that few travelers see in an airport
CNN  -- From a stock market perspective , the month of June was one of the nastiest on record for the Dubai Financial Market . It lost 22 % from beginning to end , putting this small exchange with high volatility into bear market territory . This is a bad start for its first official month of trading as an emerging market after a reclassification by MSCI . Dubai 's DFM broke through the 5,000 level in April , but the intense selling took the index down to below 4,000 on Monday , before investors spotted another buying opportunity . On Tuesday , the index was down 5 % , then finished the day up 3 % . It seems a "  casino-like culture " has set in . As Saleem Kokar , head of equities at National Bank of Abu Dhabi Asset Management said , "  the fundamentals just do n't make sense . " After peaking at 19 times 2014 earnings , the June correction took it down to more reasonable levels of 13 times earnings . But after the market wash-out in June , the DFM is still up 82 % in the past 12 months of trading . The real danger , fund managers suggest , is that relatively new investors have borrowed to buy property stocks . Once the selling started they sold their holdings having to cover their loans . One property stock in particular triggered this market madness . Arabtec is a large construction group which has business scattered all over the Middle East and North Africa . Its former CEO Hassan Ismaik was forced to resign last month after it was found that he stockpiled 28 % of the company 's shares , most of them in the span of a month . He is now offering to sell his stake for double what the stock is currently trading and go on his merry way . Fund managers and markets strategists tell me trading activity around Arabtec screams out for market reform and greater transparency -- something the MSCI listed as a requirement before the UAE and Qatar markets were assigned an upgrade to the emerging market club . But the June sell-off is bringing Dubai 's red-hot property market back into focus . Residential real estate values climbed 33 % year-on-year in the first quarter of the year and are nearly back at levels seen in 2008 before the property bubble burst the next year . Hotel occupancy rates hit 88 % in the same timeframe according to property consultancy Jones Lang LaSalle . Kokar of NBAD told me he hopes this market matures enough to strip out the volatility and identify the underlying fundamentals -- chief among them is solid economic growth . The UAE is expected to expand by some 5 % this year , as a result of Dubai securing the World Expo in 2020 and intense infrastructure spending in neighboring Abu Dhabi , which controls most of the oil wealth in the federation . On a recent visit to the Dubai trading floor , retired school teacher turned private trader Zakariya Al-Assar did a simple calculation , telling me the Dow Industrial index was trading above 16,500 and Dubai below 5,000 . "  We are looking for more Inshallah , " he said meaning if God is willing . His prayers , so far , have not been answered . More from John Defterios : Iraq 's ` new reality ' shakes global oil markets	John Defterios looks at Dubai Financial Market 's new "  casino-like culture " In June , Dubai 's stocks lost 22 % from beginning to end and moved into bear market territory The aggressive sell-off is bringing Dubai 's red-hot property market back into focus
