Carnes , Mississippi  CNN  -- The deaths of two Mississippi teens are about to put a national focus on a little-recognized problem . Devon Byrd , 16 , and Wade White , 18 , were killed when a natural gas tank at a well production site exploded last fall in Carnes , in southern Mississippi . Local teenagers said the site is a popular hangout because it 's quiet and secluded . But the dead teens ' parents say the explosion could have been prevented if some warning signs had been posted -- "  something simple as fences , gates and signs , probably very inexpensive , and certainly a lot less expensive that what a child 's life is worth , " said White 's father , Phillip . Police say they do n't know exactly what ignited flammable vapors inside the tank . When it exploded , the teenagers were killed instantly . Their bodies were found about 40 yards from the tank 's base ; the tank landed another 20 yards from them . Investigators say they found a lighter , but do n't know whether it was involved . "  I could n't believe that my child was gone , " White 's mother , Wanda , told CNN . The White and Byrd families have an ally in their camp . The Chemical Safety Board , created by Congress , investigated the accident and found at least 40 other deaths involving oil and gas wells in the past 25 years . Most of them involved young people . The CSB says it found a patchwork of laws nationwide that do n't uniformly address security around oil and gas wells . It 's asking the industry to police itself by voluntarily installing fences and warning signs . "  If these tanks are sitting out there in the middle of nowhere , no protection around them , no warning , they are just an accident waiting to happen , " CSB Chairman John Bresland told CNN . Delphi Oil , the company that owns the tank that blew up , told CNN it could not discuss the accident because of pending negligence lawsuits filed by the families . A spokesman called the boys ' deaths tragic , but the company says it is complying with all rules . However , authorities tell CNN there are no state regulations requiring locked gates or no-smoking signs . "  He may be in compliance , " Forrest County Sheriff Billy McGee told CNN . "  But there 's nothing in the rules for him to be in compliance with . " Carnes is about 40 miles north of the Gulf Coast . In nearby Laurel , city zoning laws require oil and gas tanks to be fenced in with warning signs , according to Emergency Management District Executive Director Terry Steed . The CSB asked family and friends of Byrd and White to help them make an educational video about the dangers of oil and gas production sites . It 's called "  No Place to Hang Out , " and it 's part of a national campaign starting this week to teach young people about the potential danger of tanks . But it also urges the industry to improve itself . "  There 's nothing we can do to bring Devon and Wade back , " said White 's girlfriend , Maria Thompson , 16 . "  But if it can save someone else 's life , I 'd like to see it happen . " "  Like McDonalds , " added another friend , Shawn Ashlee Davis . "  They have to put ` Caution . This coffee 's hot '  on their cups  . I really think they need signs warning ` This is a dangerous place . ' " Mississippi state Sen. Billy Hudson told CNN he plans to introduce a state law requiring barbed-wire-topped fences , locked gates and "  Danger - Keep Out " signs . "  There 's no guarantees , " Hudson said . "  You could cut the fence with a bolt cutter , or you can shoot off a lock . But it 'll be a deterrent , and it 's a step in the right direction . " White 's father says his son would be proud that friends and family are speaking out : "  He 'd be proud that we 're trying to do something to keep other kids and other families from going through what we 're going through . "	Two Mississippi teens killed when natural gas tank at well production site exploded Local teens in Carnes say the quiet , secluded site was a popular hangout Parents say deaths preventable if some warning signs had been posted Push is now on requiring fences , locks , warning signs at gas , oil tank facilities
CNN  -- Harold Pinter , the Nobel Prize-winning playwright and screenwriter whose absurdist and realistic works displayed a despair and defiance about the human condition , has died , according to British media reports . He was 78 . The much-honored Harold Pinter received the French Legion d'honneur in 2007 . Pinter 's wife , Lady Antonia Fraser , confirmed his death . Pinter , who had been suffering from cancer , died on Christmas Eve , according to the reports . Fraser told the Guardian newspaper : "  He was a great , and it was a privilege to live with him for over 33 years . He will never be forgotten . " Pinter was known for such plays as "  The Birthday Party "  1957  , "  The Homecoming "  1964  , "  No Man 's Land "  1974  , "  Mountain Language "  1988  , and "  Celebration "  2000  . The works caught a linguistic rhythm -- the legendary "  Pinter pause " -- and an air of social unease that resonated throughout the English-speaking world and in myriad translations . His movie credits , like his plays , span the decades and include "  The Quiller Memorandum "  1965  and "  The French Lieutenant 's Woman "  1981  . Pinter also wrote the screenplay for his 1978 play "  Betrayal , " the story of a doomed love affair told backward , which was made into a 1983 film with Ben Kingsley , Jeremy Irons and Patricia Hodge . He received the Nobel Prize in literature in 2005 . Pinter 's later plays were more overtly political , with works such as "  One for the Road "  1984  and "  The New World Order "  1991  focusing on state torture . In commentaries , he became a blistering critic of the United States , writing in his Nobel lecture that the country "  quite simply does n't give a damn about the United Nations , international law or critical dissent , which it regards as impotent and irrelevant . It also has its own bleating little lamb tagging behind it on a lead , the pathetic and supine Great Britain . " But Pinter could also be a man of great humor . In 2006 , he recounted a story about a fall that had landed him in the hospital a year earlier . "  Two days later , I woke up to find that I 'd been given the Nobel Prize in literature , " he said . "  So life is really full of ups and downs , you see . " Harold Pinter was born in London on October 10 , 1930 . He was the son of Jewish immigrants , his father a dressmaker , his mother "  a wonderful cook , " he once recalled . In 1948 he was accepted into the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts , then as now one of Great Britain 's most renowned drama schools . But the RADA did n't take ; Pinter hated the school and dropped out after two terms . He became an actor and turned to playwriting with his first work , "  The Room , " in 1957 . Later that year he wrote "  The Birthday Party , " a "  comedy of menace , " in the words of one critic , that helped make Pinter 's reputation -- though , in an irony he could appreciate , after it closed in London due to scathing notices . Ensuing Pinter plays , including "  The Dumb Waiter "  1957  and "  The Homecoming , " made him Britain 's most famous playwright , as influential to "  late 20th-century British theater -LSB- as -RSB- Tennessee Williams is to mid-century American stages , " CNN.com 's Porter Anderson wrote in 2006 . "  What 's generally meant as a ` Pinter play ' in the purest sense usually revolves around one or more characters who are imposing on themselves a constricted , even deprived existence in order to hold off a presumed but uncertain threat , " Anderson wrote . Pinter 's plays featured sparse dialogue , often spiced with paranoia or simple befuddlement . In "  The Birthday Party , " a boardinghouse resident is accosted by two malevolent visitors who insist it 's his birthday ; in "  The Homecoming " -- which won the Tony Award for best play when it premiered on Broadway in 1967 -- a professor and his wife return to his working-class British family , where the wife becomes the center of attention . Pinter credited Samuel Beckett , among others , as an influence .  He starred in a production of Beckett 's "  Krapp 's Last Tape " in 2006 .  In turn , writers such as David Mamet and Sam Shepard followed Pinter 's elliptical lead . "  One way of looking at speech is to say it is a constant stratagem to cover nakedness , " Pinter once said . He was married first to the actress Vivien Merchant . Following a 1980 divorce , Pinter married writer-historian Lady Antonia Fraser .	Harold Pinter died on Christmas Eve , his wife tells British media Pinter , 78 , had been suffering from cancer He won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2005
CNN  -- With its iconic Harbour Bridge and world-famous Opera House , Sydney is easily Australia 's most recognizable city . It 's also a hot property market . The country 's low interest and mortgage rates have driven sales of affordable middle income housing in recent years . But with demand so high there is barely enough stock to satisfy hungry homebuyers . Now one company believes they have the solution that will both save space and keep city living cost effective -- shipping containers . From its base in the town of Lismore , The Container Build Group is transforming the durable metal boxes into comfy homes that will eventually be transported to locations across Australia . According to Jamie Van Tongeren , the company 's CEO , the concept provides a clean and productive way to provide affordable urban housing . Shipping containers as homes have already appeared in various guises in the likes of the Netherlands , the UK , Sweden , the U.S. and South Africa . "  I started the business because I thought there was a need for affordable housing and a cleaner and greener option , " Van Tongeren said . "  I 'd seen  containers being used  overseas and I think it 's something that needs to be done and I 'm doing it . " So far , business for Van Tongeren has been brisk . Annual turnover last year was over $ 1.5 million dollars and the company expects to double that going forward . From $ 565 per square meter  $ 52 per sq ft  to $ 1,400 per square meter  $ 130 per sq ft  , the cost of construction and overall sale price is lower than a brick building . According to Van Tongeren , there are environmental and construction advantages as well . "  The ecological advantages of building with a container is the recycling of a container ... we try to use as many eco-friendly products as possible including solar composting toilets , " he said . "  There 's virtually no on-site work to build it so there is less use of tradesmen going to site and there 's a lot of savings for the client like scaffolding , safety fences , portaloos all that stuff that you need to construct on site . " Given the time saved by excluding these processes , a house can be built from scratch in as little as three weeks . Windows are cut out , containers are welded together and stacked on top of each other to provide multiple floors and rooms while insulation panels are installed to contain heat . Clients can also personalize the design to give their new abode a bespoke feel . Many still doubt whether people will want to live in recycled steel boxes , but with more than 34 million shipping containers either in use or lying dormant around the world , an increasing number of architects are aware of the possibilities they provide .	Australian company is building homes out of disused shipping containers Concept has already appeared in the Netherlands , the UK and South Africa Shipping boxes offer environmental and cost advantages compared to traditional brick homes
CNN  -- Beyonce 's hit song "  Run the World  Girls  " could very well have been the theme music for the world of comedy in 2011 . One month after the song 's April release , "  Bridesmaids " -- a movie seen as a risky box office proposition when it first came out -- landed in theaters , drawing in audiences  of both genders  in droves . Some $ 169 million later , having quickly surpassed the records for highest grossing female-driven comedy and highest grossing Judd Apatow-produced comedy , it has also helped transform Kristen Wiig , Melissa McCarthy and the rest of the cast into major stars while also racking up Golden Globe and Screen Actors ' Guild nominations . So , looking back , why was it seen as so risky ? Quite simply , as "  Bridesmaids " co-star Ellie Kemper put it to CNN earlier this year , "  There are n't a lot of huge studio films with huge female ensembles . " Kona Gallagher writes for CliqueClack.com and pointed out that , "  We still have a long way to go in the way women are portrayed , especially in movies . For every ` Bridesmaids , ' there are three depressing rom-coms in which a woman derives her self-worth from the success of her relationship . " Time will tell if that changes . There were also some changes on the small screen this year . As "  Bridesmaids " surprised just about everyone in the movie business , the major television networks  otherwise known as "  SNL 's " Wiig , "  Mike and Molly 's " McCarthy and "  The Office 's " Kemper 's day job employers  , picked up a number of comedy series with female protagonists , all of which have since been successful enough to get a full season order . In fact , the only sitcom with a lead male character to get picked up for the remainder of the season is Tim Allen 's "  Last Man Standing " on ABC , as opposed to quickly canceled male-centric shows like "  Man Up " and "  How to Be a Gentleman . " If there is one big star to come out of this TV season , it is Zooey Deschanel , whose show "  New Girl " has beaten lead-in "  Glee " in the ratings on several occasions . "  Zooey Deschanel is a genuine breakout star , " said TV critic Ed Bark of the site UncleBarky 's Bytes . "  Without her , maybe that show would n't work . She really makes the show . I instantly liked it , because she brought something very distinctive and appealing . " Deschanel 's quirky  or "  adorkable , " if you will  character is based in large part on "  New Girl 's " creator , first-time show runner Liz Meriwether . "  I think probably  after  ` Bridesmaids , ' there 's just sort of a feeling of more trust from the people in charge that women actually want to see shows and movies that are written and created by women as opposed to sort of shows created by men that women are just supposed to like , " Meriwether told reporters in November . "  I feel like that trust just from a business sense is really important for empowering more women  who create  shows . " One such creator has not one , but two series that were given full seasons early on in the fall . Stand-up comic Whitney Cummings is the creator and star of the NBC sitcom "  Whitney , " and the co-creator , with "  Sex and the City 's " Michael Patrick King , of "  2 Broke Girls . " The CBS series , about a street smart food server  Kat Dennings  who has to teach a former rich girl  Beth Behrs  how to get by , has been regularly appearing among the 10 shows with the highest ratings each week . "  It 's very telling to the times -- our dealing with being broke and being in that time where it 's hard to get a job , and I think people can relate to it , " Behrs said . "  With ` New Girl , ' the way they play with that relationship with her and the guys , it 's very relevant to the times . I think that 's one reason they 're all so successful . And seeing women pushing boundaries , like on our show . " Indeed , one thing that sets "  2 Broke Girls " apart is the bawdy dialogue between the two stars . "  Girls our age do talk like that a lot of the time , " said Behrs . "  It 's shocking , but a lot of what we say and do is very realistic to that , in our generation . " "  I remember growing up on ' I Love Lucy ' reruns and I was always a big Carol Burnett fan , " said Behrs . "  Women in comedy have been something I 've followed my whole life . I do n't think it 's like , ` Look , we 're letting women be funny . ' Women have always been funny , it 's just more recognizable , and there 's just so much at once . It 's not just one TV show , there 's this influx of it -- and I 'm definitely glad to be a part of that . I 'm proud to be in the company of all these funny women . " Indeed , one only needs to say the two words "  Tina Fey "  or "  Amy Poehler " , for that matter  , to realize this moment has been a long time coming . "  What 's really interesting to me about the surge of women in television and film comedies is that a large part of it is really driven by ` Saturday Night Live , ' " said Gallagher . "  Lorne Michaels is directly responsible for Tina Fey being able to do '30 Rock , ' which really kicked off the whole movement by showing that women can be the driving force of comedy on a show , instead of just the beleaguered wife reacting to her husband 's jokes . Michaels also produces ` Up All Night , ' which does a great job of letting both Christina Applegate and Maya Rudolph shine , even in a more traditional sitcom setting . " "  Up All Night " stars Applegate and Will Arnett as a couple adjusting to a new baby , and in a change of pace for TV , even in 2011 , Applegate works as a producer for a talk show host , played by Rudolph , while Arnett 's character stays home with their daughter . Rudolph , who also starred in "  Bridesmaids , " was asked about the movie having positive implications for women in comedy , shortly after "  Up All Night "  created by her writing partner , Emily Spivey  premiered on NBC . "  Having people say that out loud certainly does n't hurt . It 's just kind of surprising to me because if I knew people felt that way I think I would have thrown in the towel a long time ago , " she said . "  I 'm just going to keep my head down and keep doing what I 'm doing , because it should n't matter , because that 's not what I 'm doing it for . But if it allows people like me and my friends more work and more jobs , it 's great . But I 'm not going to lie . It 's surprising to hear that people are really that behind the times . " Rudolph is n't the only former "  SNL " female cast member joining prime time with Fey and Poehler . Ana Gasteyer , is a regular presence on ABC 's new hit , "  Suburgatory , " which focuses on a teenage girl 's move from New York City to the suburbs . "  We always looked at the fictitious suburban town , Chatswin , as being the land of the moms . The idea was this family without a mom moves into a town that is dominated and run by moms , " said Emily Kapnek , creator of the show , who like Behrs was also a big Carol Burnett fan growing up . "  Creating an ensemble of these women who -- parenting is their full time job , not just parenting these children but other people 's children . We found the best and brightest we could think of to populate this world . " Those moms include Cheryl Hines of "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " in the scene-stealing role of Dallas Royce . "  I think you 're getting roles for women that are written by women that come at it differently and feel in some ways more authentic , " said Kapnek . "  I was a single mom when I had my older son , and everyone wanted a single mom show and I was always so surprised at the way they wanted to develop those shows . ` Why does she have to be perfect ? Why is n't she a mess , why does n't she fall down on her face ? ' I think right now , we have so many female show runners , you have a more undiluted feed to what their point of view is and I think people are identifying with that and it feels different . " Bark said that women being behind the camera more and more will be the most important thing . "  This season ,  that development  is welcome and it should continue and if these shows work , it will continue . "  On that note , already on tap for 2012 : NBC 's "  Are You There , Chelsea ? " and ABC 's "  Do n't Trust the B -- in Apartment 23 . " As for right now , "  New Girl 's " Meriwether said that it 's great to see the diversity of shows by and about women being produced . "  I personally think that they are all really funny , so I 'm just really happy to be sort of a part of this , whatever it is ... new moment , I guess . "	"  Bridesmaids " broke box office records in 2011 , part of female dominance in comedy Top-rated new sitcoms : "  2 Broke Girls " and "  New Girl " More female-driven sitcoms in 2012 : "  Are You There , Chelsea ? " and "  Apartment 23 "
The blame game over "  The Interview " is intensifying . At the heart of the widening controversy are North Korea 's role in the devastating cyberattack on Sony Pictures and the studio 's decision to pull the film amid threats against moviegoers . The crisis has rippled out into international relations , business plans , Hollywood gossip and party politics . The different sides kept up their sparring over the weekend , with President Barack Obama accusing North Korea of "  cybervandalism " and Pyongyang claiming that the U.S. government was behind the making of the movie . Here 's the lowdown on who 's saying what : North Korea North Korea 's rage over the Seth Rogen film about a plot to assassinate its leader , Kim Jong Un , continues to boil . After the FBI 's assertions that North Korea was responsible for a hack into Sony 's computer systems , Kim 's regime is still steadfastly denying involvement . On Saturday , it said the U.S. accusations were "  an attempt to frame us for this crime " and suggested the two countries work together to investigate the hacking . But by Sunday , it was making less conciliatory noises , offering the bizarre claim that it had "  clear evidence that the U.S. administration was deeply involved in the making of such dishonest reactionary movie . " North Korea also stepped up its threatening rhetoric , warning the United States that it is targeting its "  citadels . " "  Our toughest counteraction will be boldly taken against the White House , the Pentagon and the whole U.S. mainland , the cesspool of terrorism , " the statement carried by North Korean state media said . President Obama The U.S. President told CNN on Sunday that the hack was "  an act of cybervandalism that was very costly , very expensive " but that he does n't consider it an act of war . Obama said in the interview that the United States is going review whether to put North Korea back on a list of states that sponsor terrorism . The President had previously said at a news conference Friday that the United States will "  respond proportionally " to the attack on Sony without giving specifics . Obama has also chided Sony for its actions , saying he that thinks the studio made "  a mistake " in pulling the movie and that he wished the company had called him first . He expressed concerns to CNN 's Candy Crowley on Sunday about the broader implications of pulling "  The Interview . " "  If we set a precedent in which a dictator in another country can disrupt through cyber , a company 's distribution chain or its products , and as a consequence we start censoring ourselves , that 's a problem , " Obama said . Sony Sony Entertainment Chief Executive Michael Lynton has defended the company 's actions , denying that the studio had "  caved " by scrapping the planned release of "  The Interview " in theaters . He told CNN that Obama and the public "  are mistaken as to what actually happened . " In an interview with Fareed Zakaria that aired Sunday , he blamed movie theater companies that opted not to show the film , saying they forced Sony 's hand . "  We do not own movie theaters , " Lynton said . "  We can not determine whether or not a movie will be played in movie theaters . " He also opened the door to a future release of the controversial comedy , saying the company is considering some sort of release on the Internet . "  We have always have had every desire to have the American public see this movie , " Lynton said . In a statement released Sunday , the company said : "  No decisions have been made . Sony is still exploring options for distribution . " The hackers On Saturday , the Guardians of Peace , the group of hackers who claim responsibility for the cyberattack on Sony , mocked the FBI in a new statement . "  The result of investigation by FBI is so excellent that you might have seen what we were doing with your own eye , " said the statement posted on the file-sharing website pastebin . "  We congratulate you  sic  success . FBI is the BEST in the world . You will find the gift for FBI at the following address . Enjoy ! " The link provided in the message leads to a YouTube video titled "  You Are An Idiot . " The FBI investigation linked the malware , infrastructure and techniques used by the Guardians of Peace in the Sony hack to previous North Korean cyberattacks . In its comments Sunday , North Korea said that "  fighters for justice " including the Guardians of Peace "  are sharpening bayonets not only in the U.S. mainland but in all other parts of the world . " China North Korea 's closest ally has so far been staying out of the fray . But a senior Obama administration official told CNN on Saturday that United States has asked China for help battling North Korean hacking . North Korea 's Internet traffic goes through China . Obama has said there 's no indication that North Korea "  was acting in conjunction with another country . " Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi spoke by phone with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Sunday night , China 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement posted on its website Monday . Wang stressed that China opposes all forms of cyberattacks and cyberterrorism , the statement said , omitting any mention of North Korea . U.S. Republicans In Washington , Republican Sen. John McCain criticized Obama 's response to the Sony hacking . He rejected Obama 's characterization of the North Korean hack as "  an act of cybervandelism , " instead calling it "  a new form of warfare " on CNN 's State of the Union . The President does not understand that this is a manifestation of a new form of warfare when you destroy economies , when you are able to impose censorship , " McCain , a Republican from Arizona , said . "  It 's more than vandalism . It 's a new form of warfare that we 're involved in and we need to react and we need to react vigorously . " The Republican National Committee urged cinema chains to show the movie . In a letter to their CEOs , RNC chairman Reince Priebus wrote : "  As a sign of my commitment , if you agree to show this movie , I will send a note to the Republican Party 's millions of donors and supporters urging them to buy a ticket -- not to support one movie or Hollywood , but to show North Korea we can not be bullied into giving up our freedom . "	North Korea claims the U.S. government involved in making "  The Interview " It warns the United States of "  counteraction " against its "  citadels " President Obama says the Sony hack was an act of "  cybervandalism " not war Sony has defended its actions , saying it had to pull the film as theaters backed out
CNN  -- An Ontario family is in shock after receiving an anonymous letter -- purportedly from a neighbor -- imploring them to euthanize their autistic son or move out of the neighborhood because of the "  nuisance " the teen poses to the community . "  That noise he makes when he is outside is DREADFUL ! Its  sic  scares the hell out of my normal children !!!!! " said the letter aimed at 13-year-old Max Begley . "  They should take whatever non retarded body parts he possesses and donate it to science . " The letter , signed "  One pissed off mother , " told the family to "  go live in a trailer in the woods with your wild animal kid " and to "  do  the right thing and move or euthanize him ! " "  Either way we are all better off . " "  Disgusting " is the word Max 's father , James Begley , said comes to mind when he thinks about the letter . "  I can not believe that someone would think that in this day and age . " Begley said the letter was delivered to Max 's grandmother 's house , about 15 minutes from the Begley home in Oshawa , a town 40 miles from Toronto . "  I work and my wife has  multiple sclerosis  , " Begley said . "  So Max 's grandmother helps us out a lot . He is over there three to four times a week . " Durham Regional Police said the incident is being investigated , and police have asked the Crown Attorney 's Office whether the letter constitutes a crime . Crime or not , Begley is concerned . "  If someone is sick enough to not only have those thoughts , but to write those thoughts out and then to mail them " he said , then "  they should be considered dangerous . We are all concerned . " Despite the "  one bad apple " as Begley described the letter 's author , his spirit has been buoyed by others who have rallied around Max . "  The neighbors have been wonderful " he said . Max is going into the eighth grade this year and his dad said he is not aware exactly of what has happened , "  but he sure is getting a kick out of all of the attention . " .	Letter delivered to Ontario grandmother 's house She regularly cares for 13-year-old boy who has autism Police investigating to see if letter constitutes a crime
CNN  -- More than two weeks after four Americans -- including the U.S. ambassador to Libya -- were killed in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , FBI agents have not yet been granted access to investigate in the eastern Libyan city , and the crime scene has not been secured , sources said . "  They 've gotten as far as Tripoli now , but they 've never gotten to Benghazi , " CNN National Security Analyst Fran Townsend said Wednesday , citing senior law enforcement officials . Exclusive : Senior al Qaeda figure ` living in Libyan capital ' Last Thursday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told reporters that an FBI team had reached Libya earlier in the week . "  In fairness to the secretary , it may be that she wanted to be coy about where they were in Libya for security concerns . That 's understandable . But the fact is , it 's not clear they 've been in Libya for very long , " Townsend said on CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360Â ° . " Obama stresses diplomacy , humanity in speeches to U.N. , Clinton foundation "  They had difficulty , and we understand there was some bureaucratic infighting between the FBI and Justice Department on the one hand , and the State Department on the other , and so it took them longer than they would have liked to get into country . They 've now gotten there . But they still are unable to get permission to go to Benghazi . " FBI agents have made a request through the U.S. State Department for the crime scene to be secured , Townsend said , but that has not happened . "  The senior law enforcement official I spoke to said , ` If we get there now , it 's not clear that it will be of any use to us , ' " Townsend said . The FBI team has conducted interviews of State Department and U.S. government personnel who were in Libya at the time of the attack , Townsend said , but the FBI 's request to directly question individuals who Libyan authorities have in custody was denied . Clinton praises Libya for its move to rein in militias Libyan officials have said they have brought in dozens of people for questioning since the September 11 attack , which officials said occurred amid a large protest about a U.S.-made film that mocked the Muslim Prophet Mohammed . U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens was one of four Americans slain in the assault , which has fueled increased global scrutiny of the North African nation and increased political sparring in the United States over the investigation into who was behind it . Speaking to reporters last Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney said the assault was a "  terrorist attack . " At the United Nations Wednesday , Clinton referenced the attack in remarks about violent extremism . "  Now , with a larger safe haven and increased freedom to maneuver , terrorists are seeking to extend their reach and their networks in multiple directions , " she said . "  And they are working with other violent extremists to undermine the democratic transitions underway in North Africa , as we tragically saw in Benghazi . " On Wednesday , Townsend said a law enforcement source told her investigators from day one "  have known clearly that this was a terrorist attack . " U.S. post in Benghazi had less than standard security before attack But officials have offered conflicting assessments of the attack , with initial accounts alleging that protesters angry about the film fueled the violence . That approach has drawn sharp criticism from Republican lawmakers . On Sunday , the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee told CNN there was no proof indicating the attack was related to protests over an anti-Islam video . Republican lawmakers echoed that argument on "  AC 360 " Wednesday . "  I do not understand the continuance of the president to look the other way and not admit the fact that this was obviously a terrorist attack , " said U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson , R-Georgia . "  And I can not believe that the FBI is not on the ground yet , and there 's not enough cooperation to get there . " Libya 's army evicts unauthorized militias	CNN 's Townsend : FBI agents are in Tripoli , waiting for approval to go to Benghazi "  Bureaucratic infighting " has complicated the investigation , she says The crime scene in Benghazi has not been secured , Townsend says Source : "  If we get there now , it 's not clear it will be of any use to us "
Rolling Stone  -- In the new issue of Rolling Stone -- on stands and online in the digital archives on February 18  subscription required  -- Justin Bieber takes Rolling Stone contributing editor Vanessa Grigoriadis for a spin around Atlanta in his Range Rover . Along the way they discuss girls , politics , music , Will Ferrell movies -- and sex . Rolling Stone : Photos -- the tao of Bieber "  I do n't think you should have sex with anyone unless you love them , " Bieber says . When asked if he believes in abstinence until marriage , Bieber -- who is reportedly dating fellow teen star Selena Gomez -- seems wary : "  I think you should just wait for the person you 're ... in love with . " Rolling Stone : Justin Bieber 's cover shoot with Terry Richardson Near the end of their time together Grigoriadis caught a glimpse of Bieber 's desktop image on his laptop : It was him and Gomez against an orange sunset . Bieber quickly closed the computer when he noticed that Grigoriadis had seen the picture . Rolling Stone : Justin Bieber 's world Other highlights from the story : The Canadian-born Bieber never plans on becoming an American citizen . "  You guys are evil , " he says with a laugh . "  Canada 's the best country in the world . We go to the doctor and we do n't need to worry about paying him , but here , your whole life , you 're broke because of medical bills . My bodyguard 's baby was premature , and now he has to pay for it . In Canada , if your baby 's premature , he stays in the hospital as long as he needs to , and then you go home . " Rolling Stone : Contest -- you choose the cover He is n't sure what political party he 'd support if he was old enough to vote . "  I 'm not sure about the parties , " Bieber says . "  But whatever they have in Korea , that 's bad . " He does have a solid opinion on abortion . "  I really do n't believe in abortion , " Bieber says . "  It 's like killing a baby ? " How about in cases of rape ? "  Um . Well , I think that 's really sad , but everything happens for a reason . I guess I have n't been in that position , so I would n't be able to judge that . " Rolling Stone : Photos -- random notes Bieber 's voice began to change on his last tour . He 's now working with a vocal coach , which involves doing 20 push-ups before before a session to warm up his chest . "  He 's got a nice tone to his voice now , " says his vocal coach Jan Smith . "  It 's a good texture , but it does n't sound like what his fans think he sounds like . He 'll get four octaves eventually . He 's still young . " Due to an editing error , this online news item originally included an incomplete quote from our Justin Bieber cover story . The full quote , which appears in full in our March 3 issue reads : "  Um . Well , I think that 's really sad , but everything happens for a reason . I do n't know how that would be a reason . I guess I have n't been in that position , so I would n't be able to judge that . " Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Justin Bieber : "  I do n't think you should have sex with anyone unless you love them " Bieber does n't want to become an American citizen Young singer does 20 push-ups before performing to warm up his voice
Memphis , Tennessee  CNN  -- A hundred and fifty-five Warriors from Booker T. Washington High School received a diploma Monday -- and a handshake from the president of the United States . "  Just a couple of years ago , this was a school where only about half the students made it to graduation . For a long time , just a handful headed to college each year , " President Barack Obama pointed out in his address to the students . The school 's dramatically improved graduation rate was one reason the president came to Memphis on a cool spring day . Booker T. Washington High is credited with a jump in graduation rate from 55 % to 82 % in just four years through the use of gender-based classrooms and increased teacher effectiveness . Teachers who seemed to get more than a year 's growth out of their students were moved to the core classes of English and mathematics as part of the school 's educational innovation . "  Because you created this culture of caring and learning , today we are standing in a very different Booker T. Washington High School . Today , this is a place where more than four out of five students are earning a diploma -- a place where 70 % of the graduates will continue their education , " Obama said . The president has set a goal of having the largest percentage of college graduates in the world by the year 2020 . Booker T. Washington is an inner-city school in a low-income neighborhood with high incidents of teenage pregnancy and violence . "  I gave Barack Obama a hug , " happy graduate Markeshia McKinney said after the ceremony . For her success , she credited her hard work and not falling behind in her schoolwork . McKinney said she plans to take care of her baby that is due in a few weeks for the short term , and go to college in the long term . Graduate Catron Roland attributed his success in school to his teachers , who he said pushed him to succeed . "  When I tried to quit , they told me not to , and to come to school every day , " he said . The students knew Obama would speak to them from the stage during their graduation ceremony , but the president surprised them by visiting them in their holding room prior to the ceremony . The students , bedecked in green-and-yellow caps and gowns , erupted in applause and tears of joy when the president appeared to tell them how inspired he was with their accomplishment of graduating high school . "  A lot of you had to struggle to get here . Most of you were n't born with a silver spoon in your mouth , " he told them . "  What you have shown is determination , what you have shown is character , what you have shown is a willingness to work hard , and the ability to steer clear of folks that were trying to send you down the wrong path . " The students earned the visit from Obama by winning the Race to the Top Commencement Challenge , a high school competition in its second year in which high school students write essays and create videos to show how their school is innovative in education . "  In the face of all odds against them succeeding , they are succeeding . That represents the American spirit at it 's best , " said Kriner Cash , Memphis superintendent of schools .	NEW : "  I gave Barack Obama a hug , " one student proclaims The president flies to Memphis to address students at a high school He surprises them with a visit prior to their graduation ceremony Booker T. Washington High was the winner of the Race to the Top competition
CNN  -- Pakistani police say they suspect two boys of nearly killing a Pakistani teenage girl internationally famous for campaigning for girls ' education . On October 9 , Malala Yousufzai was on her school van in the Taliban-held Swat Valley when armed thugs stopped the vehicle and jumped on board . They demanded that other girls riding identify 15-year-old Malala . Then they shot two girls and fired at Malala , striking her in the head and neck . Profile : Global symbol , but still just a kid At the time , Malala was well-known in Pakistan , and her profile was growing internationally . She had been campaigning since she was 11 , encouraging her fellow Pakistanis to stand up to the Taliban who were trying to push girls from classrooms . Pakistani authorities believe that one of the boys distracted the van driver , while the other asked someone to point out Malala , Pakistan 's interior minister told CNN . "  Obviously they had done their homework , " Rehman Malik said . "  They had seen the vehicle of Malala going up and down , and accordingly they acted on that . " Read more : In rebuke to Taliban , Pakistan college named for Malala On Monday , police told CNN they were searching for two boys and a man they say drove the youths to the van . Malik identified the adult suspect as Attah Ullah Khan , 23 , but he did not name the boys . Police said last week that they had arrested six men in connection with the shooting but were searching for Khan . Khan is a masters ' chemistry student , police said . A ` miracle for us ' Malala is recovering in Great Britain , where a team of international doctors are caring for her . She 's made some progress , but her caregivers have said she has a long , hard road ahead . Her father , Ziauddin Yousufzai , has described her survival as a "  miracle for us . " Malik , the Pakistani interior minister , visited Malala 's hospital in Birmingham , England , on Monday . He later met with foreign ministers from Britain and the United Arab Emirates . The UAE provided the air ambulance that flew Malala from Pakistan , where she was treated in the initial days after the attack , to the United Kingdom . "  The people of the UAE were appalled by what happened to Malala , which is why we helped to bring her for medical care in the UK , " Emirati Foreign Minister Abdullah Bin Zayed said , adding the emirates believe girls should be educated . Malala is in "  our prayers , " he said , according to a release from British Foreign Secretary William Hague . Hague said he personally thanked the team of doctors helping Malala . Hague said officials are "  determined to do all we can to champion education for women and girls in Pakistan . " In his interview with CNN , Malik was asked about the progress of the investigation . He replied by saying , "  Within 24 hours we were in a position to identify almost everybody . " He said Pakistan should not involve the military in finding Malala 's attackers . "  A military solution is not the solution , " he said . ` Pride of Pakistan ' When Malala was 11 , she worked with the BBC and published a blog in 2009 detailing her struggles to attend school in Swat . In January of that year , the Taliban issued an edict ordering that no school should educate girls . iReport : Messages for Malala As Malala breathed on a ventilator and the world grew increasingly outraged about her shooting , thousands in Pakistan rallied . Many were aghast that the Taliban would attack a teenage girl . The Taliban issued a statement online saying that if Malala lived , they 'd come after her again . In his interview with CNN , Malik called the teenager "  the pride of Pakistan . " He said that the country "  would love her to come back . " If Malala were to return to Pakistan , guards would protect her family , with a female contingent surrounding Malala . The government would pay to provide the service , he said . Malik told CNN that he knew Malala is doing well in the hospital because she has asked for her schoolbooks so she can study . He said that if she comes back to Pakistan , they 'll find her old books and give them to her . CNN 's Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	Boys suspected in attack on Malala Yousufzai , Pakistan 's interior minister says Official : One boy distracted school van driver , while another sought out Malala Police continue to search for 23-year-old man allegedly involved in attack
Paris , France  CNN  -- France and some other NATO nations may begin to withdraw some troops from Afghanistan next year -- but the move is not tied to a threat issued against the country supposedly by Osama bin Laden , the country 's defense minister said Thursday . Minister Herve Morin told French radio station RTL that France will begin to transfer the control of certain districts to Afghans in 2011 . "  There is a fixed date by NATO in the framework of its new strategy . That is the start of 2011 , " he said . "  In 2011 , we are going to transfer a whole series of districts to the Afghans . " "  At this moment , there could be the first movements or withdrawal of allied forces from Afghanistan , " Morin said . But Morin , insisted , the decision to withdraw was "  in no way linked " to a taped message broadcast by the Al-Jazeera television network Wednesday . In the tape , a man believed to be bin Laden warns France to get its troops out of Afghanistan and not to oppress Muslims at home . "  The only way to safeguard your nation and maintain your security is to lift all your injustice and its extensions off our people and most importantly to withdraw your forces from Bush 's despicable war in Afghanistan , " the al Qaeda leader says . The tape is audio only . The speaker does not appear . CNN was not immediately able to confirm that it is really bin Laden . Al Qaeda has issued a series of threats against France in the past , and French citizens have been killed by groups in Africa claiming affiliation with Bin Laden 's group . France has 3,750 troops in Afghanistan , according to NATO 's International Security Assistance Force .	The move is "  in no way " linked to a new bin Laden tape , minister says France will hand over control of some districts to Afghans next year , he says The country has 3,750 troops in Afghanistan
CNN  -- We began breakfast one recent morning delivering this news to Luna : Rosanna , her caregiver , was going on a two-week vacation . "  Who is going to take care of me ? " she asked . And then she gave me "  the look . " I call it pouty face . Her dime-sized brown eyes squeeze together , the lower lip rolls out , the hands ball up . Every time she looks like that , my crazy Mama Head empties of sugarplum fairies and fills with fears of pedophilia and child snatching . Previously on CNN : I 'm her mom , not the nanny ! We have had the same babysitter since Luna was born . Rosanna would step in front of a train for Luna . She is not easily replaced . But when Luna was a baby , we figured we had options . There is a reason God gave us mothers , tias  aunties  , abuelitas  grandmothers  and the occasional BFF you call "  co-madre " regardless of whether they are actually your kid 's godmother and hence your "  co-mother . " The problem is every Latina in New York works until death . There is no cotton-topped Grandma on standby sitting in her house-dress feeding chickens . I do n't think all Latinas are so overprotective of their kids . But this one is . Luna was just a baby the first time Rosanna went on vacation . I called my mother who lives in DC and laid on the guilt . I recited the CDC statistic that 1 in 4 girls is sexually abused before age 18  it 's all about sexual abuse with the Mamas  . She hopped on a train and I left for work . She called me an hour later with Telemundo blaring in the background . Luna had early pouty face . She must be malnourished by my lousy parenting and in need of chicken soup . I told my mother she drinks only breast milk and to look in the fridge . Luna began throwing up at 3 a.m. I called the pediatrician , who yelled through the speakerphone to call 911 . "  You ate soup when you were a week old , " my mother admitted sheepishly . Arce : My nanny 's sadness is also my own Rosanna demanded to vet her next replacement . She hangs out with a legion of sitters representing all the nations of Central and South America , and they have their special ways . Children should be stuffed with comfort food ; pock marked by lipstick kisses , wrinkled from hugging and rocking , and wear fuzzy socks because their feet can never be too warm . I 'm not saying other ethnic groups do n't coddle their kids , but Latinas just seem to excel at it . I remember being handed a worksheet at a Mommy and Me group that mapped out three goals for toddlers : adaptation , separation , and integration . My sitter and her gang laughed at me . Adaptation ? Baby will do it when she 's ready . Take potty training . For months my toilet was surrounded by Latina sitters staring at Luna , waiting for poo . Separation ? Never happens . Mamas , grandmas , nanas , your 400 tias and most particularly your girlfriends are in this with you cradle-to-grave . Integration ? Yes , they are allowed to play with children being raised by their friends . That 's plenty . I was n't going to be drawn into this kind of ethnocentricity . My employer offers a service providing bonded , certified , triple-A , recommended , backup babysitters . My sitter threatened to pull my Latina card . "  You 're leaving your/my child with a total stranger in a strange land ?! " I reminded her I was born here . The next morning "  Grace " arrived . Luna gave me pouty Face , but I walked out the door with my head high . I got a call an hour later . One of Rosanna 's snitches was at my apartment . "  She 's feeding her cold plantains , " she whispered in Spanish . I told her to butt out . Then came call No. 2 , this time from my neighbor . "  The Spanish nannies are icing the replacement , " she warned me . "  Luna has pouty face . " Call No. 3 came from the sitter herself . "  Luna does n't want to take a nap or eat her porridge , " she said . "  Luna no longer naps , and what is porridge ? " I asked . I came home after Call No. 5 to a troupe of nannies staring down this poor woman from "  a Caribbean country where they do n't even speak Spanish . " I accused everyone of bigotry and got that stare that says "  new mom . " Grace revealed she had never cared for a child "  this particular age " and said she had to go . The specter of Grace reigned over our household for months . If you do n't behave , Grace will be coming for the weekend . Clean up your toys , or Grace will pick you up from preschool . If only I could find that woman , I 'd hire her one more time just to revive the memory . The next replacement sitter was an aging woman sent by an agency with hearts and fairies dancing across their logo . Not an hour after her arrival came phone call No. 1 . "  Mama , it 's Luna . I 'm on the phone upstairs . " Let 's start with the fact that Luna had never dialed the phone on her own . "  Why are you upstairs ? " I inquired . "  I do n't nap . I do n't want bath . " I could feel pouty face through the phone . Then came call waiting . The nanny was on the other line complaining that Luna would n't bathe at 2 o'clock in the afternoon . I clicked to Luna . "  Mama come ! " I was home in an hour . Rosanna had won . During her next vacations , she outsourced Luna to her tribe -- Monica from Chile , Delma from El Salvador , Jaime from Guatemala . It was a brilliant solution for about a year , until all their kiddies started school . Suddenly , mamas were ditching their Latina sitters left and right in exchange for grimy after-school programs and college students trying to make an extra buck toward tuition . Those who did n't soon lost their sitters to more fulltime jobs . We clung to Rosanna . But her next vacation left us in a lurch . We requested a Spanish speaker from an agency , and they sent a woman from Puerto Rico . An hour later , my building superintendent called . "  Your baby sitter is a freak , " he said . "  Luna told me to call . And she 's not Puerto Rican . " Who pretends to be Puerto Rican to get a job ? I could n't come home . I posted a cry for help to my faux friends on Facebook , which elicited only sympathy . The super called again . "  Would you like me to take her ? " he asked , he of the four kids who 've scampered our halls chatting in Albanian since they were toddlers . Great ! He even has the keys ! I expressed my glee on Facebook and the replies poured in . In short order , my super was accused of being a pedophile , a child trafficker , a canonize-able saint , and a shyster looking to rob me . I got home to find Luna with his daughter , Ana , all grown up , making paper bag puppets . Pouty face no more ! Ding Ding Ding -- sitter Lotto ! I had found an unemployed college graduate who lives down the hall and is great with kids . I was all set until I got altruistic and recommended her to a friend . Less than a year later she had a fulltime job . That brings me back to this week . As soon as I mentioned back-up care , Rosanna sprung into action and ran it all by Luna who now talks in full sentences . They announced a girl named Yomaris would be monitoring Luna . I also hired a lovely girl from back-up care who they allowed to hang out with them . I still had Luna cruising from play-date to play-date . Rosanna somehow managed to monitor the entire thing from the Dominican Republic . By week 's end , everyone had it covered . I was out of it , sitting totally detached at work , sporting my own pouty face .	Rose Arce was lost when her regular baby-sitter , Rosanna , took a vacation Arce 's daughter , Luna , chased away the women an agency sent to watch her Rosanna arranged an army of Latina sitters to sit in for her , which seemed to work
CNN  -- The deadliest Ebola outbreak in recorded history has now infected nearly 2,000 people , with more than half of those killed by the disease , the World Health Organization said Wednesday . Ebola is believed to have infected 1,975 people in four West African countries since the outbreak began this year , and 1,069 of them have died , the WHO said . The numbers reflect the WHO 's count as of Monday . That 's an increase of 127 cases and 56 deaths in two days , the WHO said . The outbreak began in Guinea and has spread to Liberia , Sierra Leone and Nigeria . The new numbers come as health officials are opening up to the use of experimental treatments and vaccines , since no proven treatment or vaccine exists . A group of ethicists gathered by the WHO this week unanimously concluded that it is ethical to offer unproven medications to fight the Ebola virus , even if their adverse effects are unknown . After the panel 's decision , Canadian Health Minister Rona Ambrose announced that her government will donate between 800 and 1,000 doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine to the WHO . A "  small supply " will be kept at home "  in the unlikely event it is needed for compassionate use in Canada , " the Public Health Agency said . The drug , VSV-EBOV , is Canadian-made and - owned , having been developed by the National Microbiology Laboratory . And after an experimental serum was used to treat two American missionaries and a Spanish priest , Liberia is poised to use the serum on two infected doctors . Experimental drug likely saved Ebola patients The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Liberia 's request for access to ZMapp , which was created by the San Diego-based biotech firm Mapp Biopharmaceutical Inc. . Sample doses of the medicine will be sent to Liberia this week to treat doctors who have contracted the virus , the Liberian government said . The two Americans who received ZMapp , Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol , received the serum after contracting Ebola in Liberia . They were transferred to an isolation unit at an Atlanta hospital and appear to be recovering . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug Writebol 's husband , David , said his wife tells him that "  she is feeling better and getting stronger . " "  Each time I talk to her , I get a sense her voice is clearer and brighter , " he told CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen . The Spanish priest , Miguel Pajares , contracted the disease in Liberia and was transferred to an isolation unit in a Spanish hospital , where he received the serum . He died Tuesday morning . Mapp Biopharmaceutical said Monday that its supply of ZMapp has been exhausted . Kentucky BioProcessing , which manufactures a version of the drug , is working to increase production of ZMapp , but the process will take several months , company spokesman David Howard said last week . Ebola can torment its victims with high fevers , internal and external bleeding , vomiting and diarrhea . It often afflicts multiple organ systems and can kill up to 90 % of those infected . The virus spreads through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva and urine . Ebola outbreak likely started with 2-year-old in Guinea Nine things to know about the Ebola virus Treating Ebola in Sierra Leone : ` We are two steps behind ' CNN 's Stephanie Smith , Holly Yan and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report .	WHO has recorded 127 more cases , 56 deaths in two days Sample doses of the experimental drug ZMapp are on their way to Liberia Panel of ethicists said it was OK to offer unproven medications to fight Ebola
CNN  For decades , U.S. climate change policy amounted to a hypocrisy associated with bad parenting : "  Do as I say , not as I do . " That began to change Monday when President Barack Obama 's administration announced its boldest step yet to reduce the nation 's biggest source of pollution blamed for global warming -- carbon emission from power plants . A proposed new Environmental Protection Agency rule would reduce such emissions 30 % by 2030 , compared to the levels in 2005 . The move announced by EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy was intended to show the world that the United States would walk the climate change talk , and establish Obama 's environmental legacy as he enters the final third of his presidency . "  For the sake of our families ' health and our kids ' future , we have a moral obligation to act on climate , " McCarthy said . "  When we do , we 'll turn risks on climate into business opportunity . We 'll spur innovation and investment , and we 'll build a world-leading clean energy economy . " Obama later made a similar case in a conference call with the American Lung Association , noting that power plant pollution contributes to asthma and other diseases suffered by American kids , especially black and Latino youngsters . "  This beautiful blue ball in space " "  This is something that is important for all of us , " he said , urging support for efforts to work together to help protect "  this beautiful blue ball in the middle of space there we 're a part of . " The announcement , expected for months , prompted immediate protests from the energy industry , Republicans and some Democrats from coal and oil states who complained the proposed EPA rules would harm the economy and raise energy prices . "  All the major legislative and regulatory proposals to combat global warming kill jobs and disproportionately hurt lower income people and minorities , " the conservative National Center for Public Policy Research argued in a list of "  top 10 reasons Washington should not impose new global warming laws or regulations . " Nonsense , Obama shot back , noting how similar warnings always greeted major environmental progress in the past , but eventually proved untrue . "  What we 've seen every time is that these claims are debunked when you actually give workers and business the tools and incentive they need to innovate , " he said , citing previous government moves against air pollution and acid rain . Carbon pollution that increased dramatically since the industrial revolution of the 19th century corresponds to the warming of the global climate , and scientists predict rising oceans , volatile weather patterns , changing agriculture zones and other impacts in coming decades that will affect everyone on the planet and require an increasing percentage of national budgets to prevent catastrophic results . Energy industry campaign A multimillion-dollar campaign backed by the energy industry has sought to debunk the science of climate change , but polls show most Americans believe the planet is warming . Almost a third of America 's carbon emissions comes from electricity generation , and the proposed EPA rules announced Monday would give states a variety of options to meet the goal of an overall 30 % reduction in such pollution by 2030 . Some of the ideas already being used include improving energy efficiency at plants , changing how long they operate each day and increasing alternative energy sources such as wind and solar production . EPA officials concede some of the dirtiest power plants now operating , such as older coal-fired plants , will end up shuttered as the nation shifts its reliance from traditional fossil fuel sources to cleaner alternatives . Coal supplied 37 % of U.S. electricity in 2012 , compared to 30 % from natural gas , 19 % from nuclear power plants , 7 % from hydropower sources such as dams and 5 % from renewable sources such as wind and solar , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration . By 2030 , just over 30 % of U.S. electricity will come from coal and about the same amount from natural gas , with wind , solar and other alternative sources providing about 9 % , according to the EPA officials who spoke to reporters on Monday on the condition of not being identified . According to the EPA , the proposed new rules would reduce carbon pollution by the same amount as removing two-thirds of all cars and trucks form American roads . It put the cost as high as $ 8.8 billion a year , but noted health gains such as fewer premature deaths and respiratory diseases along with other benefits would be worth tens of billions of dollars to the U.S. economy . Higher costs or more opportunity ? While critics contend the EPA rules will mean higher electricity costs , Obama and members of his administration argued the transformation to a more energy efficient power sector would bring lower electricity bills in the future . For Obama , another key motivation is to give the United States standing to pressure emerging economies in China , India and other countries to also adopt cleaner energy policies . Until now , U.S. calls for all players to participate in global climate change agreement went unheeded because developing countries argued America and other industrialized powers got rich while polluting , and now they should have the same chance to develop . At home , enemies of climate change legislation complained any U.S. steps would be meaningless , putting America at a disadvantage for policies that would do little on their own to reduce overall global emissions . White House spokesman Jay Carney told CNN on Monday that in order to get the kind of global buy-in necessary to achieve the kind of overall cuts in carbon emissions required to make a difference , the United States "  has to lead , first of all , and this is an indication that the United States will lead on this very important challenge posed by climate change and global warming . " The EPA will hold a public comment period and then revise the proposal over the next year . Under the proposed rule , states would have until June 30 , 2016 , to submit plans for achieving the reduced emissions target . States that need more time can submit an initial version by that date and explain the need for more time , with a final version due one or two years later , "  as appropriate , " the proposed rule says . "  This is something we put off " According to the EPA , the regulation will "  reduce pollutants that contribute to the soot and smog that make people sick by over 25 percent . " The agency projects the reductions will avoid 2,700 to 6,600 premature deaths and 140,000 to 150,000 asthma attacks in children . "  This is something we ca n't put off , and the President deserves huge credit for making this his legacy , " said David Doniger of the Natural Resources Defense Council . Opponents were equally effusive in their condemnation . "  The administration has set out to kill coal and its 800,000 jobs , " Sen. Mike Enzi said in the GOP weekly address Saturday . The Chamber of Commerce , a business federation , estimated the new regulations will cost the economy $ 50 billion a year . Obama 's move could affect competitive Senate races in coal industry states such as Kentucky , North Carolina and Colorado at a time when Democrats are trying to keep control of the upper chamber . "  By imposing these draconian new rules on the nation 's coal industry , President Obama and every other liberal lawmaker in Washington who quietly supports them is also picking regional favorites , helping their political supporters in states like California and New York while inflicting acute pain on states like Kentucky , " said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell , who is facing a re-election battle in November in the Bluegrass State . "  The impact on individuals and families and entire regions of the country will be catastrophic , as a proud domestic industry is decimated â $ " and many of its jobs shipped overseas . " Some Democrats doubting Some Democrats from fossil fuel states who face tough re-election battles , such as Sens. Mary Landrieu in Louisiana and Mark Pryor in Arkansas , expressed concern Monday with the proposed EPA rule but stopped short of condemning outright the need to address rising carbon emissions . Democratic Sen. Jean Shaheen of New Hampshire , who also has a tough re-election challenge from former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown , took her own regional approach to the matter , saying the EPA rule was needed to balance regulation of power plants . "  For too long , the Midwest has been allowed to lag behind New Hampshire and other New England states in addressing carbon pollution , " she said , referring to acid rain regulations that affected her region . "  The draft EPA rules will get Midwest power plants to do what power plants in New England have already done and will decrease the air pollution that moves from the Midwest to our states . " Shaheen added that "  we are already seeing the impact of climate change in New Hampshire , threatening many of our traditional industries and the health of our children , " saying she would "  carefully review the proposed EPA rules to ensure they protect New Hampshire , but the time for national action is long overdue . " Robert Redford : Take the path to clean energy Opinion : Cleaner air will help save planet CNN 's Holly Yan , Kevin Liptak , and Mary Grace Lucas contributed to this report .	President Obama says critics always wrong with dire predictions Administration officials say it will build jobs , benefit the economy The regulations will prevent up to 6,600 premature deaths , the EPA says Plan will cost up to $ 8.8 billion annually but bring benefits worth $ 55 - $ 93 billion , EPA says
CNN  -- Tornadoes tore through the Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , and St. Louis , Missouri , areas Friday , ripping up homes and sending thousands scrambling for cover . Nine people , two children and seven adults , were killed in the Oklahoma storms , a spokeswoman for the state 's chief medical examiner 's office said Saturday morning . This comes less than two weeks after a monstrous tornado made rubble of the nearby town of Moore . Seventeen tornadoes were reported in the Midwest , and more than 212,000 were without power across the region early Saturday morning . One of the main concerns now is the flooding that the severe weather system left in its wake . Here are the latest developments : -- While none were killed due to tornadoes , three people drowned in the state of Missouri , Gov. Jay Nixon told CNN affiliate KSDK Saturday . -- Nixon said the tornado that hit St. Charles and St. Louis counties had a "  very long damage track , " with "  over 10 miles of significant damage ... that caused dozens and dozens of houses to be literally blown up . " -- Flooding was a major problem in southern Missouri , the governor said . "  Waters are rising , floods are still occurring , and we 're asking people to be very safe , " he said Saturday afternoon . -- A powerful storm caused major damage to a gymnasium of Gillespie High School in southwestern Illinois , with bricks piled up from what had been the gym 's front now piled up on the school 's lawn , Gillespie Mayor John Hicks said . Seven to 10 homes were destroyed -- and more than 30 others suffered damage -- in the storm . -- There were no injuries in Gillespie , Illinois , a town of about 3,400 people , despite the fierce winds , Hicks said . The mayor said the story might have been much different had the storm struck next week , when hundreds were set to gather not far from the high school for a celebration called Black Diamond Days . Previously reported : OKLAHOMA Casualties -- Friday 's storms killed two children and seven adults in Oklahoma , said Amy Elliot , spokeswoman for the state 's chief medical examiner 's office . -- At least 71 others were injured , officials said . -- Oklahoma officials are assessing the damage and working to determine if there are other casualties . Among the areas hit by tornadoes Friday : the communities of Union City and El Reno , both in Canadian County just west of Oklahoma City . -- A National Weather Service survey team found damage indicating an EF3 tornado had struck Friday near El Reno , 25 miles west of Oklahoma City . EF3s pack gusts of 136 to 165 mph . The strongest tornado is an EF5 . -- Seven of the people killed in Friday 's Oklahoma storms were killed in Canadian County , immediately to the west of the county that includes Oklahoma City , said Canadian County Undersheriff Chris West . -- The seven people who died in Canadian County were inside vehicles , West said . Travel -- The Oklahoma Department of Transportation discouraged travel in the metro area , saying crews are working with the state highway patrol to close roads as necessary . -- Parts of Interstates 35 and 40 , which cut through Oklahoma City and Moore , were "  a parking lot " when the tornadoes struck . -- Oklahoma City 's Will Rogers World Airport lost part of its terminal roof , forcing travelers to seek shelter in the airport 's basement . -- The airport reopened early Saturday morning , but airlines canceled or delayed several morning departures "  due to the fact that they could not fly in late last night to be at the gate for the first departures , " the airport said . Flights were "  slowly resuming " Saturday morning , the airport said . The airport 's website showed many mid - and late-morning departures were on time . Flooding -- There 's flooding all across the metro area after 8 to 11 inches of rain fell , said Kristy Yager , a spokeswoman for Oklahoma City . The city also has minor building flooding downtown , including one inch of flood water pooling on the first floor of City Hall . -- "  We saw flooding in areas that we do n't see flooding , " said Oklahoma City police Lt. Jay Barnett , but he did not have firm numbers on rescue . -- The city of El Reno , west of Oklahoma City , was also at risk of flooding . The city mayor urged residents to take shelter inside . "  It 's started to hail again and rain ; we are telling people to stay inside , " Mayor Matt White said . Power -- A large part of Moore was without power , as were parts of El Reno and Union City littered by downed power lines and trees . -- The Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management reports at least 86,200 outages across the state . MISSOURI Casualties -- Gov. Jay Nixon said Saturday that there were no fatalities tied to tornadoes that rolled through the St. Louis metropolitan area , but he said at least three people died around the state due to drowning . Damage -- Outside St. Louis , in St. Charles County , some homes were demolished . Aerial video from CNN affiliate KMOV showed at least the second floors of several homes ripped apart , with houses to the front and behind still standing . -- Most of the St. Charles County damage happened in a 10-square-mile area just east of a country club , sandwiched between the town of St. Peters and the Ohio River , county spokesman Colene McEntee told CNN . No serious injuries were reported in the county . -- Also damaged was the 10,000-seat Family Arena in St. Charles , McEntee said . The damage led three high schools in the Francis Howell school district to postpone graduation ceremonies that had been scheduled for Saturday , KSDK reported . Travel -- For four hours , the Lambert-St . Louis International Airport was closed to remove debris from the runway , but it reopened early Saturday morning . The terminals were not affected , but the storm caused damage to some airport buildings . Passengers and employees took shelter in restrooms and lower levels of the terminal before the storm hit , and there were no reports of injuries . Airport updates will be posted here : http://www.flystl.com/Newsroom/Blog.aspx Flooding -- Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon has declared a state of emergency . Portions of more than 200 roads were closed due to flooding , the Missouri Department of Transportation said Saturday morning . Power -- The total number of customers without power in the state was more than 67,000 as of 9:30 p.m.  10:30 p.m. ET  . The latest numbers can be found here : http://apps.ameren.com/outage/outagemap.aspx?state=MO OTHER STATES The power outages are not limited to the two states . At one point Saturday , tens of thousands were without power , though that number dropped significantly as the day wore on . Below are power outage numbers as of 9:30 p.m. ET . Illinois : About 7,700 More details : http://apps.ameren.com/outage/outagemap.aspx?state=IL Arkansas : About 3,500 More details : http://viewoutage.entergy.com/ar.aspx Kansas : Less than 100 More details : https://www-11.westarenergy.com/outagemaps/outagetable.asp Indiana : Less than 100 More details : http://www.nipscooutages.com/WSSNisourceOutageMap/outagemap.html?action=city&reloaded=true CNN 's Dave Alsup and Joe Sutton contributed to this report	NEW : About 65,000 are still without power in Missouri Storms had left more than 200,000 without power in Midwest At least 9 died due to tornadoes in Oklahoma Three people drowned in Missouri , governor says
He suffered greatly in his final months , but Nelson Mandela 's last breaths were peaceful , says his eldest daughter , Maki Mandela . She describes the end as a "  beautiful passing on " but says his death and burial came as a relief to her after his long health struggles . "  There were times I was telling the doctors I think enough is enough , " Maki Mandela says in an exclusive interview with CNN from her home in Johannesburg . "  As doctors they had their duty to try everything up to the last moment , but for me as a daughter it was excruciating watching that . " The former South African President , who led his country out of decades of apartheid after being imprisoned 27 years , died in December at age 95 . For a year before his death , her father was on dialysis for kidney failure and a ventilator to help him breathe . He was fed intravenously through tubes into his stomach , and his arms and hands grew swollen due to the intravenous antibiotics and other medications he was receiving . Bedridden and incontinent , the Nobel Peace Prize winner had no quality of life , his daughter says . Recently writing in favor of assisted dying , former Anglican Archbishop Desmond Tutu questioned the treatment of Nelson Mandela in his final months , saying it was "  disgraceful . " In an editorial for Britain 's The Observer , Tutu singled out South African President Jacob Zuma and other politicians who took photos with a clearly confused and ill Mandela and called it an "  affront to his dignity . " Maki Mandela says she constantly questioned her father 's team of state medical doctors about why his life was being prolonged . "  I said , ` Guys , when do we accept that we have reached the end and we ca n't play God ? ' " But she says she accepted the doctors ' decisions and knows they were bound to "  try everything . " She says she could n't fault the care and dedication of the team of medics and nurses who looked after her father 24 hours a day . "  They treated him with dignity and respect , " she says . Throughout his long illness , his heart remained strong , perhaps not surprising for a man who dedicated his life to the struggle against apartheid and helped to lead his nation to democracy . "  When the heart started giving , it was a matter of days , " Maki Mandela says . The anti-apartheid icon was buried on his farm in Qunu , a remote rural area in the Eastern Cape where he grew up . "  That whole place is a quarry . We had to dynamite the place for us to create his burial place , " Maki Mandela says , adding that her father chose the location . In keeping with traditions of his Xhosa tribe , Nelson Mandela was laid to rest on a reed mat on the floor of the grave , as if he had gone to sleep like his ancestors did in generations past . The architecture of the grave is such that his coffin is not covered with soil , which is considered bad luck . Maki Mandela says she and most family members have not been to visit his grave recently but hope to do so soon . "  People are starting to say , make requests , ` Can we visit the grave ? ' " she says . She says it 's too early now but expects the family will open the area to visitors and tourists in a year or so . Plans are in place for a visitors ' center and memorial garden , where tourists will be able to walk around the grave and see it from a viewing point . And in homage to Nelson Mandela 's royal lineage and his monumental legacy , his family has given the grave site the nickname of "  The Big House . "	Daughter says Nelson Mandela 's death was a relief after he suffered so much Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called Mandela 's treatment in his final months "  disgraceful " Maki Mandela says she questioned doctors about prolonging her father 's life But his medical team "  treated him with dignity and respect , " she says
Medolla , Italy  CNN  -- The death toll from a 5.8-magnitude earthquake in northern Italy rose to 17 after the discovery of another body , officials said Wednesday , as questions were asked about why factory buildings collapsed . The latest body was found in the rubble of the collapsed factory in the area of Medolla , Italy 's civil protection agency said . The prosecutor 's office in the province of Modena , where the quake was centered , opened an investigation Wednesday into the cause of death of the quake victims , many of whom were factory workers . Investigators will examine how the factories were built and why they could n't withstand an earthquake of Tuesday 's magnitude . Modena 's chief prosecutor , Vito Zincani , told CNN that as modern buildings , they should have remained standing . Most of the modern structures in the area were not damaged , he said , so the fact that some factories collapsed "  shows an anomaly that needs investigation . " Look at high-resolution images of the disaster The earthquake , which forced thousands of people from their homes , came nine days after a 6.0-magnitude quake struck the same region , killing seven people . Tuesday 's quake , which struck at about 9 a . m. local when many people had begun work , was followed by dozens of aftershocks . The U.S. Geological Survey recorded one of 5.6 magnitude . Italian ministers met Wednesday morning and decided on several measures to be taken in the aftermath of the quake . The government declared a state of emergency in the quake area and set June 4 as a national day of mourning , according to a press statement . An extra two-cent tax will also be added to gasoline to help finance the recovery effort , it said . Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano , Prime Minister Mario Monti and the speakers of both Italian houses of parliament on the earthquake met later Wednesday at the presidential palace in Rome to discuss the disaster . The towns of Mirandola and Cavezzo , northwest of the city of Bologna , were closest to the epicenter , civil protection authorities said . Witnesses reported on Twitter that Cavezzo was about 70 % destroyed . Pictures purportedly from the town , as well as a video stream from Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera , show damaged and destroyed buildings . Churches and historic structures were among the affected buildings . In the small town of Novi di Modena , a 65-year-old priest died inside his church as he tried to save its statue of the Madonna . Construction workers who were out surveying the damage in Medolla were emotional as they spoke of their experiences a day earlier . Mohmammed Mouhalhal told CNN he was at work when the earthquake struck . He and his fellow construction workers now fear for their jobs and their safety , he said . He said no one could sleep Tuesday night and they stayed outside for fear of further quakes . Some 50 tremors were felt in the area overnight . Italian authorities are still assessing the economic impact of the earthquakes on the region , which lies in northern Italy , the heartland of the country 's manufacturing industry . Leaders of agricultural and industrial organizations , speaking to Italian media , have estimated the cost of the disaster at nearly one billion euros . The Italian daily newspaper Repubblica puts the damage to the biomedical industry in Medolla alone at about â ‚ ¬ 600 million  $ 751 million  . Many cheese makers are also among those affected . Stefano Berni , president of the consortium that makes Grana Padano , a hard cheese similar to Parmesan , told CNN that some 350,000 whole cheeses , each weighing 40 kilograms  88 pounds  , had been shaken to the ground . No more than 40 % of those are likely to be salvageable , he said , leading to estimated losses of â ‚ ¬ 70 million  $ 88 million  . About 600 cheese producers located in the area north of the earthquake epicenter have suffered damage to their production centers and warehouses , he said . About 50,000 families , including the milk producers and cheese makers , work for the industry . Other factories and warehouses that have not been damaged by the quake will still suffer losses because they have had to halt production for safety checks . Geophysicist Antonio Piersanti , of the National Institute of Geophysics and Vulcanology , told Corriere della Sera that it was possible more earthquakes could follow in the coming weeks . The last significant earthquake in this area was in 1571 . It was followed by about four years of aftershocks . CNN 's Hada Messia and Ayesha Durgahee contributed to this report .	NEW : Industrial and agricultural groups warn of a huge cost resulting from the earthquake NEW : Italy 's president , prime minister and parliamentary leaders meet in Rome Modena 's chief prosecutor opens an investigation into the collapse of factories The quake struck the same region where seven people were killed nine days earlier
CNN  -- A national breast cancer charity is being accused of using misleading statistics to convince women to have mammograms , according to a paper published Thursday in the British Medical Journal . Susan G. Komen for the Cure 's mammography campaign during breast cancer awareness month last October has come under fire from professors Steven Woloshin and Lisa Schwartz at the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice , who say the foundation overstated the benefits of the procedure and totally ignored the risks . "  The ad implies that mammograms have a huge effect , but the only evidence that they use is the five-year survival rate for breast cancer when caught early is 98 % and when it 's not , 23 % , " Woloshin said . "  The problem is that in the context of screening survival , statistics are meaningless . " "  To make an informed decision , you not only have to know the benefits you have to know the harm . And the ad does not say anything about harm , it just gives you this exaggerated benefit statistic , " Woloshin said . "  Screening is a genuine decision people need to make and they can only make it if they have the facts . It does n't mean that screening is not good , it means it does good and it does harm . Some people can benefit and some will get hurt , and the harm is just as real as the benefit . " A teaching moment about politics and Komen Woloshin and Schwartz write a series that highlights exaggerations , distortions and selective reporting in advertising , news stories and medical journals that are misleading . They say the problem in Komen 's case is using survival statistics to determine the benefit of screening . "  There is no correlation between changes in survival and changes in how many people die . " Woloshin said . "  Twenty to 50 % of women who get screened every year end up having at least one false alarm over 10 years , and 5-20 % actually end up having to have a biopsy to rule out cancer . "  The most important harm is overdiagnosis -- screening can find cancers that were never destined to cause harm because it grows so slowly or can go away on its own , " he said . "  It would never have harmed you , you would never have known about it and you would have lived your whole life and died from something else . These people get treated . They get radiation , chemotherapy , surgery and it 's all unnecessary . " Woloshin also says the Komen ad ignores the problems with screening . He says for every life saved by screening two to 10 women are ` overdiagnosed ' , suffer anxiety and undergo unnecessary radiation , chemotherapy or surgery . He said in the end , it all boils down to this : "  You ca n't make a good decision unless you have the basic facts . It exaggerated the benefit and it ignored the harm . " Experimental drug offers new way to battle certain breast cancer But Komen , the world 's largest breast cancer charity , says while mammography is n't perfect , it 's still the best detection tool available . "  We have long advocated for women to be informed about the benefits and risks of early detection and treatment , " said Chandini Portteus , Komen 's vice president of research , evaluation and scientific programs . "  The numbers are not in question . Early detection allows for early treatment , which gives women the best chance of surviving breast cancer . " Since its inception in 1982 , the organization -- creator of the "  pink ribbon , " a symbol of breast cancer awareness and the official symbol of National Breast Cancer Awareness Month -- has invested nearly $ 2 billion in research . "  We 've said for years that science has to do better , which is why Komen is putting millions of dollars into research to detect breast cancer before symptoms start -- through biomarkers , for example , " said Portteus . "  Komen also is funding research to help accurately predict which tumors will spread and which wo n't . While we invest in getting those answers , we think it 's simply irresponsible to effectively discourage women from taking steps to know what 's going on with their health . " Portteus said Komen encourages women to work with their health care providers to find out what 's right for them . But according to Woloshin , a recent survey he and his colleagues conducted showed even doctors mistake improved survival as proof that screening saves lives . "  The survival statistics are confusing for doctors , too , " he said . "  This is a real communication problem that doctors and patients alike face , so whenever you hear about survival statistics in the context of screening , you should ignore them . "  The only way to know if a screening test works is if it is proven in a randomized trial that shows that less people die because of screening . " ` Overdiagnosis ' of breast cancer may be higher than thought Dr. Stephanie Bernik , chief of surgical oncology at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York , said none of this is new . "  It is not uncommon in the medical field for researchers , doctors and health care professionals to use statistics in a way that advances their point of view . Results can be spun to be either favorable or unfavorable , depending on one 's stance , " Bernik said . "  The Komen foundation is doing nothing new by presenting data that supports their position in a favorable light . Although there is controversy regarding the absolute benefit of mammography screening in many studies , most breast surgeons stand behind the Komen foundation 's stance that screening mammography saves lives , " Bernik said . "  We all agree that screening increases the number of procedures that are performed , but finding a tumor at an earlier stage can not be worse than finding it when it is larger . " "  Lead-time " bias can also contribute to misrepresentation of mammography 's advantages , according to the National Breast Cancer Coalition  NBCC  , a group of patient and professional organizations . This means , for example , if deadly cancer is found early through screening , it may seem like the patient lived longer because of "  lead-time . " But the coalition says this makes screening appear more beneficial than it is , because testing is actually detecting tumors that have a better prognosis . "  NBCC believes that there is insufficient evidence to recommend for or against universal screening mammography in any age group of women , " according to the organization 's website . "  Women who have symptoms of breast cancer such as a lump , pain or nipple discharge should seek a diagnostic mammogram . The decision to undergo screening for asymptomatic women must be made on an individual level based on a woman 's personal preferences , family history and risk factors . "  Mammography does not prevent or cure breast cancer , and has many limitations , " the website says . "  Women are told that mammography screening saves lives , but the evidence of a mortality  death rate  reduction from screening is conflicting and continues to be questioned by some scientists , policy makers and members of the public . " Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , said he understands Woloshin and Schwartz 's message . "  It is very , very difficult to convey information about screening , especially mammography , and convey it accurately , " Brawley told CNN . "  In the American Cancer Society 's screening recommendations , the first paragraph recommends women over the age of 40 get a mammogram annually . The second paragraph says that women should be told the limitations of screening . ... Some of the folks at Komen are trying to do the right thing , and I just respect how difficult that is . "	A paper accuses the Susan G. Komen foundation of using misleading statistics It criticizes Komen 's mammography campaign last October Komen maintains early detection leads to early treatment Spinning statistics is nothing new , an oncologist says
CNN  -- "  If you build it , they will come . " A very overused , but very apt quote for my take on Sochi following my first visit to the Russian host city of next year 's Winter Olympics . The Sochi 2014 organizers have taken Kevin Costner 's Field of Dreams quote literally , except their film has a soundtrack of constant drilling , banging , and the grinding of rocks . Russian rubble The Black Sea resort seems a million miles from the one I 'd read about . More the Russian Rubble Field than the Russian Riviera . I 've never seen so much construction on such a large scale in one place . Hundreds of workers in orange bibs working in shifts on construction sites 24 hours a day , seven days a week . They 're building roads , train lines , hotels , promenades , and harbors in the coastal Olympic Park area -- and in the mountain location in Krasnaya Polyana as well , which is 40 kilometers inland . As one local driver put it : "  they build and build . There is no end to it . And then -- where is what they build ? " CNN 's Aiming for Gold team spent five days in Sochi , after which it 's difficult not to have some sympathy with him . Traffic trouble Every journey we took , the road layout changed around the construction . A journey from the hotel to Sochi took 45 minutes one way but took double on the way back after we were caught out by another diversion . The disruption to the lives of Sochi 's residents is immense . It 's dangerous to walk along many of the  alleged  roads , for danger of falling down an uncovered man hole . From inside my hotel room you could n't fail to hear the nine nearby cranes going about their business night and day and leaving a thick layer of dust covering everything in sight . But this is all a means to an end -- an end which is just five months away . It 's the biggest international sporting event to ever come to the region and many of the locals are acutely aware of its significance . Watching world One lady told us : "  it 's a great thing that such a big thing will happen right in our yard . All these sportsmen will come -- the whole world will be here -- can you believe it ? " The importance is n't lost on the organizers either . If it is the daily 1am progress report with the government is guaranteed to see to that . And in their mind there 's no doubt things wo n't be ready . The man in charge Dmitry Chernyshenko told me that the Olympics would be "  one of the brightest moments in the history of modern Russia . " They 're aiming to shatter stereotypes but says : "  we 're not over confident , we 're just delivering what we promised in accordance with our commitment . " On track Although the Sochi airport upgrade has been completed we still had to wait over an hour for our bags at the carousel after our flight from Moscow . The brand new train line to link the coastal area with the mountains is still under construction -- as are a large number of the roads . However the buildings for the two athletes villages are in place . The 508 room hotel and Congress Center -- complete with three swimming pools , tennis court & spa , which will house the International Olympic Committee -- is finished . Twenty thousand new hotel rooms have been guaranteed , but the U.S. team planning representatives who we bumped into said they 've been told five of the promised hotels will now not materialize . The many areas which looked like chaos to my untrained eye have been described by the organizing committee as simply requiring finishing touches . Ready for action Across the building sites , pavements were emerging , walkways were being flattened , trees were being planted . Perhaps no surprise with 70,000 workers on the job . In terms of the sporting venues , there 's no denying it seems they could host the Games tomorrow . All 10 of them have been newly built -- and they do n't just look great , they 've all successfully held a number of high profile test events already . The pre-Games test program has included more than 70 events in all Olympic and Paralympic sports -- with the press briefing notes proudly declaring their program has been three times bigger than the one in Vancouver four years ago . They 're not tinpot events either . They have included the speed skating world championships , the FIS Alpine skiing European Cup and 12 World Cup stages . From our tour of the venues , it appears that the early preparation seems to have paid off . There was a medal podium , flags , a full ice rink and even pot plants inside the Adler arena , home to the speed skating events . Late decision The tall structures and semi-permanent marquees were going up on the concourse of the Bolshoi Ice Dome . The only coastal venue with major construction still ongoing is the stadium for the opening & closing ceremony -- largely as a result of the late decision to build a roof . As manager of the Adler Arena Dmitry Grigoriev said : "  We can only put our feet up when the Games end and the last athletes leave the village , but we are as ready as we can be . " Up in the mountains , it 's the same story . The Rosa Khutor alpine center , Sanki sliding center and Laura cross country and biathlon center have all held test events of their own with the structures firmly in place . However it does n't take a genius to realize there 's one vital ingredient missing from these venues . The white stuff . Much has been made of the madness of hosting a Winter Olympics at a seaside resort . Admittedly it 's only September -- but our cameraman Andrew Waller had no problems filming at the highest point  2,300 m  in just a t-shirt . Last February did organizers no favors either . It was the warmest on record , with some of the alpine test events canceled due to rain . Snow fears It 's for this reason Sochi has undertaken the biggest snow storage operation ever . They 've got nine epic aluminum covered snow slugs resting on the rocky mountainsides , like something from an alien occupied lunar landscape . It 's what 's been stored from last winter -- just in case . Snow making equipment has also been installed on the mountains . Just in case . The team are resolute that they wo n't need it . We met the man in charge who hails from Finland -- Mikko Martikainen aka Mr Snow -- halfway up the mountain . He certainly does n't look like he 's having sleepless nights over it . "  I 'm not worried at all , " he said . "  I 'm very confident . We guarantee we will have snow . There might be a lack of snow , but there may be too much snow . We are prepared for both scenarios . " It 's a good bet that the sun is set to shine on Sochi once again come February . But from what we 've seen on our first trip here organizers are doing all they can to make sure this Black Sea resort does the same as it plays host to the 2014 Winter Olympics .	The Russian city of Sochi will host the 2014 Winter Olympics in February Hundreds of works still working on construction ahead of the Games Organizers confident that all work will be ready on time Snow storage operation underway to ensure alpine events will be fully prepared
CNN  -- When it comes to curing soccer injuries all you need is cheese , according to coach Felix Magath . The former Fulham manager confirmed reports he suggested defender Brede Hangeland wrap cheese around his injured knee to help it heal . The method might be unconventional but Magath -- who was axed by the London club earlier this month -- does n't know why it 's caused such a big stink . "  I mentioned that he could try using an old technique of wrapping the knee with Quark , which is used to decrease inflammation , " Magath said on his Facebook page . The 61-year-old German added claims by the former Fulham captain Hangeland that he ignored conventional medical advice in favor of the cheese cure were incorrect . "  I would never tell a doctor how he should manage the injury to a player , " he continued . "  It seems this story has been blown completely out of context . " Magath , who guided Bayern Munich and unfancied Wolfsburg to the German Bundesliga title , has a reputation for his unconventional management style . Big cheese But he is not the first big cheese in sport to use the savory dairy staple to help injuries . American ski star Lindsey Vonn revealed she had been wrapping her injured shin in an Austrian cheese to reduce inflammation in the buildup to the 2010 Vancouver Games . Vonn told Sports Illustrated about her physical therapist 's unusual remedy : "  He 's been wrapping cheese on it , and I know that sounds funny , but it seems to work . " The cheese hit the spot for Vonn as she went on to recover from injury and win the Olympic downhill title in a matter of weeks . Maybe Hangeland , who has since left Fulham for Crystal Palace , should have given cheese a chance .	Felix Magath suggested Brede Hangeland use cheese to cure injury He advised the defender use "  an old technique of wrapping the knee with Quark . " Magath and Hangeland have both since left London club Fulham American skier Lindsey Vonn also used cheese to cure a shin injury before Olympic success
In downtown Austin , dozens of new technology companies are about to be born . More precisely , they 'll be born at a new incubator and workspace called Capital Factory . It sits on the top floor of a glass-encased modern office building . With windows providing a 360-degree view of the city , everything that makes Austin one of the fastest growing cities in the country can be seen from its more than 200 desks . Capital Factory is a collaboration between the Austin Chamber of Commerce and Josh Baer -- a man who has become so integral to the city 's start-up scene that he 's known as the "  Austinpreneur . " Baer originally founded Capital Factory in 2009 as a start-up accelerator focused on helping young companies get started and attract investors . In May , the chamber selected it to run the 22,000-square-foot space that Baer hopes will make a city with an already thriving tech scene even better by creating a downtown hub . "  It 's a focal point , a center of gravity , " he said . "  When companies look to move to Austin , this is the first place they should stop . " It 's also a natural extension of the altruistic , entrepreneurial spirit that Baer advocates and Austin , host city to the annual South by Southwest Interactive Festival , embraces . Capital Factory is n't designed to make a lot of money ; Baer said he mostly hopes it breaks even . But a successful Capital Factory could mean dozens , and eventually hundreds , of new companies will call Austin home . Myriad start-ups will vie for the opportunity to move into a lush workspace they could never afford on their own . Those that are chosen will join "  anchor companies " like Jason Cohen 's WP Engine , which was one of the first companies to move in to the space . Cohen 's Web-hosting company is growing rapidly and he said renting seats for his staff of 20 in Capital Factory was a no brainer . "  For a growing company like us , it 'll take , like , 40 people before this is more expensive than getting our own space , " he said . The idea behind the factory , Baer said , is that hundreds of people from dozens of start-up companies working in proximity to each other will lead to stronger businesses . Cohen 's company will be one of the biggest ; the average size of the start-ups is expected to be 2-5 people . From Cohen 's perspective , the more people and companies the better . "  The fact that they 're all kind of smooshed up together and going through the same crap , the highs and the lows , and the questions and the dilemmas in a space where we could bounce ideas off each other -- that alone is worth the price of admission , " he said . "  It 's an experience you could never get in any other way . " That co-working environment is at the heart of Baer 's plan to help Austin 's tech sector continue to thrive . With an unemployment rate under 6 % , Austin is a bright spot in what has been a gloomy national economy . Tech start-ups have played a huge role in keeping the Austin economy strong , with more than 4,000 companies employing more than 100,000 people . Baer believes that a space like Capital Factory will give Austin-based companies a new advantage when it comes to hiring in the future . The No. 1 problem for many tech start-ups is recruiting great engineering talent . Baer said Capital Factory will be the edge Austin needs . "  We 're going to be bringing in just a pipeline of talent and we 're going to be teaching them the skills that they need , " he said . "  They 're going to walk in here and say ` Wow , this place is amazing . I want to work here . Which companies are here ? ' " Technology start-ups may be nothing new to Austin , but Baer 's Capital Factory takes a new approach to fostering them . Partners and mentors include South by Southwest , the local Chamber of Commerce , the University of Texas , New York-based entrepreneurial-education company General Assembly and Baer 's own network of 20 mentors . For Baer , it 's about making the home that he loves even better . "  At the start of it , this is around community , " he said . "  It 's creating the kind of place and the kind of environment that I want to live and work in . " Baer came to Austin in 1999 , recruited directly out of Carnegie Mellon University at the height of the first dotcom boom . For someone who would go on to build a network of tech leaders , the timing could n't have been better . Now he leverages associations from those days to create an entire network of mentors in Austin . With Baer 's urging , dozens of successful Austin CEOs now take it upon themselves to help the next generation . They do this through Baer 's start-up accelerator , as well as at his Start-Up 101 class at the University of Texas . "  There were entrepreneurship classes and business classes , but our class is more of a practicum for student entrepreneurs . They 're already working on start-ups , now they get credit for doing that , " he said . Baer even holds weekly office hours at an Austin coffee shop , offering start-up advice to anyone who asks . That level of commitment has made Baer the young generation 's face of Austin entrepreneurship . It 's hard to find a start-up in Austin where the players do n't know him , and maybe even harder to find a CEO who does n't like him . Scott Robinson of Austin-based Insperity made a point to attend the launch of Capital Factory , and he did n't mince words . "  I might go so far as to suggest he 's been as influential on this generation of entrepreneurs in Austin as Michael Dell was in his era , " he said .	Capital Factory aims to attract , keep tech startups in Austin , Texas "  Austinpreneur " Josh Baer says 22,000-square-foot space will be a focal point Backers say putting lots of startups in one space creates excitement South by Southwest , University of Texas are part of the center 's network
Diver Brian Tovin swam deep into South Carolina 's Cooper River in search of fossils and relics . In 40 feet of murky water , fighting the current , something shiny caught his eye . "  Without even shining my light on it , it was clear that it has weight to it , and it was metal or gold , " Tovin said . "  And when I shined my light on it , I said , wow , this is the first time I 've ever found jewelry underneath the water , " he said . But it was more than just jewelry . It was a ring that had become the "  stuff of legend " since the owner lost it nearly 40 years ago . "  I held onto it for the rest of the dive . I just did n't want to lose it , " Tovin said . Inscribed on the large , gold ring were the initials RLP and the date 1974 . The ring also displayed the name of a nearby school : the College of Charleston . With those clues , Tovin 's journey to return the jewelry began . The hunt for RLP Tovin first called the college 's alumni association . The college determined that only two people who graduated in 1974 had those initials , and one was female . Now , Tovin knew who he was looking for : Robert LeVaughn Phillips . After searching on social media , Tovin eventually connected with Robert 's son , Eric Phillips . Tovin quizzed him to make sure he had tracked down the rightful owner . Phillips e-mailed a copy of his father 's diploma , and Tovin was convinced he was in the right place . Tovin soon learned that like so many other things in life , this very simple college ring -- lost for so many years -- had more meaning to it than many will ever understand . UK airport tries to find century-old lost teddy 's family Another man 's treasure "  My dad was a storyteller , kind of a used-car salesman at times , " Eric Phillips said . "  He kind of has some of the same jokes , but he talked about the ring all the time because it came from his mother , and you know it 's just one of the stories that just epitomized a season of his life , " he told CNN . Robert Phillips was boating on the Cooper River with his future wife , Nancy , when he lost the ring in 1974 -- just two weeks after he got it . "  He was very upset and hated to tell his mom that he lost it , " Nancy Phillips said . "  Losing it in the river , we never thought we would never , ever , ever see it again , " she told CNN . A symbol of success Growing up without his father in his life , Robert Phillips was determined to succeed on his own . He graduated from the College of Charleston with a degree in business administration . The ring , a symbol of all he had accomplished , was his mother 's last gift to him before she passed away from pancreatic cancer . Tovin hoped he could return the cherished ring to Phillips at his home , but Phillips -- now fighting cancer -- was not there . He was rushed into surgery at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston last weekend for brain surgery . That setback did n't stop a reunion 39 years in the making . A few days after Phillips ' operation , Tovin met Phillips in the hospital . With his family by his side , Phillips sat in a hospital chair . His voice was barely above a whisper , but it was full of life as a stranger returned a part of his life to him . Down on one knee , Tovin opened up a ring box to reveal Phillips 's lost treasure . "  I was down there fighting strong currents and alligators trying to get you your ring back , " said Tovin , as Phillips smiled . "  And I 've got it here , and I know this is going to look like I 'm proposing to you , so please do n't tell my wife , OK , " he said , as the room erupted in laughter . "  Wow . That is awesome , " Phillips said . How was a class ring found after 13 years ? Coming full circle Then , Phillips began to tell Tovin and everyone the story that his family has heard endlessly -- the story of the lost ring . "  I was on the back of the boat . And I decided I needed a beer , " he said softly . "  I pulled the pop top and when I did , my finger got caught in the pop top , and it went with it , " he told Tovin . "  I guess I have to go have it sized now , do n't I , " he added with a grin . "  You 've got a lot of years left . So , you 're going to be wearing that ring , " Tovin responded . With his wife and two children watching this reunion of sorts , they all felt this ring would give their patriarch the comfort he needs right now . "  No matter how much time he has with us , we 'll always have that ring . And it will always signify a good season of our life and a good memory of our father , and the fact that he got to share in it before he left us , " Eric Phillips said . In some ways , this decades-long loop of life has been closed , and a new story -- one that the Phillips family will be telling for generations -- has been written . "  Thank you Lord that I got it back , " Robert Phillips said . "  I had a nightmare the other night that I lost it again , " he said . "  No more beer cans , " he laughed .	Brian Tovin finds ring while diving in the Cooper River Tovin tracks down owner 's son through social media The ring had become the "  stuff of legends " for the Phillips family
CNN  -- A Florida man lit the mother of his 4-year-old son on fire early Monday , then chased her with a knife before she found refuge inside a convenience store , police said . Roosevelt Mondesir , 52 , was in jail Monday night after being charged with attempted first-degree murder , said Boynton Beach police spokeswoman Stephanie Slater . His alleged victim is at a Delray Beach hospital recovering from severe burns to much of her body and face . The woman is expected to survive her injuries , Slater said . Surveillance video shows the woman standing near a gas pump shortly before 3 a.m. Monday in her silver Mercedes Benz , as a man driving a white Jaguar -- later identified by authorities as Mondesir -- approaches . The two are at one point seen struggling . The woman tries to seek refuge inside the 7-Eleven , but is soon dragged back outside . The video later shows the woman running around on the pavement outside the store , the upper part of her body enveloped in flames . According to the report from the Boynton Beach Police Department , the woman -- interviewed about two hours later at Delray Medical Center , but not identified by police -- said she had gone to the 7-Eleven intending to meet her son 's father and son for a "  timesharing exchange . " She and Mondesir do n't live together but they share custody of their 4-year-old child , the woman said . After realizing her son was n't in Mondesir 's car , the burning victim says she tried to get back in her vehicle . It was then that Mondesir came out with a red-colored can and began tossing gas on the woman and her vehicle , the woman told police . She ran , but after being pulled out of the 7-Eleven the first time , Mondesir "  threw fire onto her body " and she "  became engulfed in flames , " according to police . "  The victim began to put the fire out and remove her shirt , and then realized the ... defendant was also armed with a long  possibly machete  knife , " police said . Officers arrived to find the woman "  with severe and fresh burns " on her body and face , as well as pieces of her still burning shirt on the ground . Mondesir had run from the scene , leaving his Jaguar parked near the gas pumps . Boynton Beach police found him around 5:45 a.m. Monday in bushes near the 7-Eleven . After being treated himself at a local medical facility for burns , he is now in Palm Beach County 's main detention center , according to the sheriff 's office website . Sue Kohl , who lives across the street from Mondesir , describes him as friendly and helpful . Kohl said she was shocked to hear about the incident , which occurred about one-quarter mile from her and Mondesir 's homes . CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Roosevelt Mondesir , 52 , has been booked for attempted first-degree murder Police say he put gas , then fire on the mother of his 4-year-old son Surveillance video shows her engulfed in flames before she ran inside a store The burning victim 's injuries are n't life threatening , a police spokewoman says
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Monday tried to douse a political firestorm over the deadly assault on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Libya , saying she 's responsible for the security of American diplomatic outposts . "  I take responsibility , " Clinton told CNN in an interview while on a visit to Peru . "  I 'm in charge of the State Department 's 60,000-plus people all over the world , 275 posts . The president and the vice president would n't be knowledgeable about specific decisions that are made by security professionals . They 're the ones who weigh all of the threats and the risks and the needs and make a considered decision . " But she said an investigation now under way will ultimately determine what happened at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , where Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans were killed on September 11 . "  I take this very personally , " Clinton said . "  So we 're going to get to the bottom of it , and then we 're going to do everything we can to work to prevent it from happening again , and then we 're going to work to bring whoever did this to us to justice . " VP debate left unanswered national security questions The attack took place in the eastern Libyan city that was the cradle of that country 's 2011 revolution . Obama administration officials initially blamed a mob inflamed by a U.S.-produced movie that mocked Islam and its Prophet Mohammed , but later said the storming of the consulate appears to have been a terrorist attack . With criticism growing , Vice President Joe Biden said during last week 's vice presidential debate that the White House did not know of requests to enhance security at Benghazi , contradicting testimony by State Department employees that requests had been made and rejected . After the debate , the White House said the vice president did not know of the requests because they were handled , as is the practice , by the State Department . Fact Check : Benghazi security "  In the wake of an attack like this , in the fog of war , there 's always going to be confusion , " Clinton said . "  And I think it is absolutely fair to say that everyone had the same intelligence . Everyone who spoke tried to give the information that they had . As time has gone on , that information has changed . We 've gotten more detail , but that 's not surprising . That always happens . " She added , "  What I want to avoid is some kind of political gotcha or blame game . " "  I know that we 're very close to an election , " Clinton said . "  I want to just take a step back here and say from my own experience , we are at our best as Americans when we pull together . I 've done that with Democratic presidents and Republican presidents . " Her remarks drew a quick response from three Republicans on the Senate Armed Services Committee , including ranking member John McCain . Clinton 's statement of responsibility was "  a laudable gesture , especially when the White House is trying to avoid any responsibility whatsoever , " the Arizona senator said in a joint broadside with Sens. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire . However , they added , "  The security of Americans serving our nation everywhere in the world is ultimately the job of the commander-in-chief . The buck stops there . " Stevens , State Department computer expert Sean Smith and security contractors Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods died in the Benghazi assault , which State Department officials now say was the work of dozens of armed men . Clinton also described a desperate scene in the State Department during the hours of the attack , as staff tried to find out what had happened . "  This was a many-hour ordeal that we were all involved in , and I was deeply concerned as you would obviously assume , to hear about an attack , " she said . Not only was the picture coming out of Libya murky , but also , "  Then we could n't find Ambassador Stevens , and we were trying desperately to figure out what happened to him and to Sean Smith and to the others who were there . " Actress sues filmmaker Clinton said her mission now is to make sure such an attack will never happen again , and also to ensure the work of American diplomats wo n't be stopped even in dangerous areas like Benghazi . "  We ca n't retreat . We have to continue to lead . We have to be engaged , " she said . "  We ca n't hang out behind walls . " She said Stevens , who came to Benghazi on a cargo ship to start building ties with rebel leaders during last year 's revolt , "  knew that more than anybody . " Special forces assessed security at Benghazi Two ex-SEALs died protecting others U.S. beefs up diplomatic security	"  What I want to avoid is some kind of political gotcha or blame game , " Clinton says "  I take this very personally , " she says Diplomats need security but "  ca n't hang out behind walls , " she adds
CNN  -- As a mom , I can tell you what a lot of us think but do n't say out loud : Mother 's Day only really works as a holiday the first five years you 're a mother . The first year , it 's a new milestone of your life . People want to acknowledge the fact that you 're a mother . It 's sweet . It 's like they 're saying , "  Hey ! Pay no attention to the fact that you 're perpetually sleep deprived and will be for the next 18 years . Or that your lactating mammaries no longer belong to you and , in fact , betray you at really inopportune times . Or that beyond here only lie skeletons of your former social life . It 's your day ! We fete you ! " Then for the next four years or so it 's really cute to be brought breakfast-in-bed with homemade crayon-on-construction-paper cards and macaroni necklaces . Oh yes , that works . That tugs on every heartstring a mom has  disregarding that it will take you five hours to clean up the kitchen it took them exactly five minutes to destroy  . It 's pretty much every year after that which will end up in the "  disappointing holiday " column . You know why ? Because of Hallmark cards and grocery store bouquets , prepackaged chocolates and Mother 's Day brunches at overcrowded eateries  because everyone else had the same idea : "  I know ! Let 's take mom out for lunch and pay someone else to do for her what she has done for years for us for free ! "  . Those pre-packaged gifts all let mom know that her offspring know what day it is , but lack the single quality all moms love in a present : effort . That 's right , good ol' sacrificial time and effort that add up to the one sentiment we 're really looking for -- undying gratitude mixed with just a pinch of sorrow for our stretch marks . Good Mother 's Day gifts are like geometry class where you are required to show your work in order to get credit . Moms prefer the "  effort element " because it 's the only thing that remotely begins to balance out the fact that we get blamed for a LOT . OK -- really -- just about everything : what we ate while our child was gestating , how we did/did not discipline them , whether we did not give enough hugs , read enough bedtime stories , gave too much smothering love , what we did/did not expose them to . Also , opportunities we did/did not afford them . If we helped too much with the science project , did not feed them enough protein in their formative preadolescent years , rewarded them with M&M s during potty training which led to their carb addiction as an adult . Fill in the blank with your own mother issues . So we get 364 days of blame and one day of sorta kinda culturally mandated praise . Somehow it does n't really balance out . But I like to think of Mother 's Day in terms of a really overused buzzword  is n't "  buzzword " an overused buzzword ?  these days : "  awareness . " It 's great for the mothered of the world to be aware of their gratitude for their mother  or mother figure  in their life , but I enjoy it for the awareness it brings to me . Every Mother 's Day I 'm reminded of what an exhausting privilege it is to get a front row seat to watch these amazing people grow from helpless infants to become people I truly love to hang out with . It 's a gift to see them growing into all their gifts and talents and to watch with pride  and let 's be honest -- concern  as they begin their own family units . It makes me sharply aware of what motherhood really is : 1 . the hardest job you 'll ever love , 2 . responsibility without control , and 3 . a piece of your heart walking around outside your body . And having a daughter and daughter-in-love  I call her "  daughter-in-love because it 's more than just a "  law " thing  with babies , let me tell you what most every mother would really love this Mother 's Day : a kiss , a hug and a nap .	Renfroe : Mother 's Day gifts are like geometry class -- you have to show your work to get credit "  As a holiday , it only really works the first five years you 're a mother " "  Motherhood is a piece of your heart walking around outside your body "
CNN  -- A growing pilot and passenger revolt over full-body scans and what many consider intrusive pat-downs could n't have come at a worse time for the nation 's air travel system . Thanksgiving , the busiest travel time of the year , is less than two weeks away . Grassroots groups are urging travelers to either not fly or to protest by opting out of the full-body scanners and undergo time-consuming pat-downs instead . Such concerns prompted a meeting Friday of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano with leaders of travel industry groups . Napolitano met with the U.S.Travel Association and 20 travel companies "  to underscore the Department 's continued commitment to partnering with the nation 's travel and tourism industry to facilitate the flow of trade and travel while maintaining high security standards to protect the American people , " the department said in a statement . Federal officials have increased security in the wake of plots attributed to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . Industry leaders are worried about the grassroots backlash to Transportation Security Administration security procedures . Some pilots , passengers and flight attendants have chosen to opt out of the revealing scans . More of the units are arriving at airports , with 1,000 expected to be in place by the end of 2011 . "  While the meeting with Secretary Napolitano was informative , it was not entirely reassuring , " the U.S. Travel Association said in a statement . "  We certainly understand the challenges that DHS confronts , but the question remains , ` where do we draw the line ' ? Our country desperately needs a long-term vision for aviation security screening , rather than an endless reaction to yesterday 's threat , " the statement said . "  At the same time , fundamental American values must be protected . " The travel industry is concerned that consumers may decide not to take a plane to Aunt Gertrude 's for the holiday . "  We have received hundreds of e-mails and phone calls from travelers vowing to stop flying , " Geoff Freeman , an executive vice president of the U.S. Travel Association , told Reuters . A 2008 survey found that air travelers "  avoided " 41 million trips because they believed the air travel system was either "  broken " or in need of "  moderate correction , " the U.S. Travel Association said . The decisions cost airlines $ 9.4 billion , the survey said . One online group , "  National Opt Out Day " calls for a day of protest against the scanners on Wednesday , November 24 , the busiest travel day of the year . Another group argues the TSA should remove the scanners from all airports . The Electronic Privacy Information Center  EPIC  , a non-profit privacy advocacy group , is taking legal action , saying the TSA should be required to conduct a public rule-making to evaluate the privacy , security and health risks caused by the body scanners . Pilots ' unions for US Airways and American Airlines are urging their members to avoid full-body scanning at airport security checkpoints , citing health risks and concerns about intrusiveness and security officer behavior . "  Pilots should NOT submit to AIT  Advanced Imaging Technology  screening , " wrote Capt. Mike Cleary , president of the U.S. Airline Pilots Association , in a letter to members this week . USAPA represents more than 5,000 US Airways pilots . "  Based on currently available medical information , USAPA has determined that frequent exposure to TSA-operated scanner devices may subject pilots to significant health risks , " Cleary wrote . Napolitano told industry leaders that biometric identification , such as retinal scanning and thorough background checks will expedite the screening of 80,000 passengers who participate in "  trusted traveler " programs , the department said . In a blog posting this week , the TSA said pat-downs "  have long been one of the many security measures TSA and virtually every other nation has used in its risk-based approach to help detect hidden and dangerous items such as explosives like the one we saw in the failed terrorist attack last Christmas Day . " The agency said only a small percentage of passengers end up needing a pat-down . "  There 's nothing punitive about it ; it just makes good security sense , " the blog post reads . "  And the weapons and other dangerous and prohibited items we 've found during pat-downs speak to this . " But the chorus against the security measures is getting louder . The website "  We Wo n't Fly " urgers travelers to "  Act now . Travel with Dignity . " "  We are opposed to the full-body backscatter X-ray airport scanners on grounds of health and privacy . We do not consent to strip searches , virtual or otherwise . We do not wish to be guinea pigs for new , and possibly dangerous , technology . We are not criminals . We are your customers . We will not beg the government anymore . We will simply stop flying until the porno-scanners are history , " the site says . "  National Opt Out Day , " organized by Brian Sodegren , encourages solidarity on November 24 , amid the crush of Thanksgiving travelers . "  It 's the day ordinary citizens stand up for their rights , stand up for liberty , and protest the federal government 's desire to virtually strip us naked or submit to an "  enhanced pat-down " that touches people 's breasts and genitals . You should never have to explain to your children , ` Remember that no stranger can touch or see your private area , unless it 's a government employee , then it 's OK . ' " According to the group , passengers who say "  I opt out " when told to go through body scanners are submitted to a pat-down . "  Be sure to have your pat-down by TSA in full public -- do not go to the back room when asked . Every citizen must see for themselves how the government treats law-abiding citizens , " the website says . The Facebook page of the group includes a litany of complaints about the scanners . "  I 'm completely appalled by this , " one woman wrote . "  What happened to our right to privacy ? Has Homeland Security forgotten our rights because they think its going to stop terrorists ? " Meanwhile , the Council on American-Islamic Relations has issued its own travel advisory over pat-downs many "  describe as invasive and humiliating . " Muslim women who wear a hijab and are selected for secondary screening because of a head scarf should remind TSA officers "  that they are only supposed to pat down the area in question , in this scenario , your head and neck . They should not subject you to a full-body or partial-body pat-down , " the group said . The TSA has deployed nearly 350 advanced imaging technology  body scanner  units in nearly 70 U.S. airports , administrator John Pistole said recently . "  By the end of calendar year 2011 , we plan to have deployed approximately 1,000 units . " The agency is exploring enhancements to the technology . "  This capability would make screening more efficient and would eliminate most privacy concerns about the technology , " Pistole said . Privacy concerns are n't the only reason for protests . Some scientists and two major airline pilots unions contend not enough is known about the effects of the small doses of X-ray radiation emitted by one of the two types of airport scanning machines . The Transportation Security Administration 's advanced imaging technology machines use two separate means of creating images of passengers -- backscatter X-ray technology and millimeter-wave technology . While the TSA says the machines are safe , backscatter technology raises concerns among some because it uses small doses of ionizing radiation . The use of millimeter-wave technology has n't received the same attention , and radiation experts say it poses no known health risks . The risk of harmful radiation exposure from backscatter scans is very small , according to David Brenner , director of the Center for Radiological Research at Columbia University and a professor of radiation biophysics . The TSA says the technology has been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration 's Center for Devices and Radiological Health , the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory . CNN 's Marnie Hunter and Lexie Clinton contributed to this report .	Homeland Security chief meets with travel industry group Pilots and passengers are unhappy with security measures Some groups urge people not to fly or to opt for pat-downs
CNN  This weekend marked the official opening of "  Fish in the Dark , " the Broadway debut of Larry David of "  Seinfeld " and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " fame . Of course , the odd conventions of live theater mean that "  Fish " was n't quite fresh-to-table at its premiere : It 's been playing for several weeks now to sold-out preview crowds , to build buzz and iron out production kinks . And sold out really means sold out : The show has destroyed box office records for the vintage Cort Theatre and might yet set new ones for a nonmusical despite its limited run . That 's because David has a huge built-in audience for his unique brand of humor , which "  Curb " fans know to be as abrasive as sea salt and as astringent as lemon , unyielding in the face of social niceties , epic humiliation or even common human decency . It 's polarizing , and the poles are pretty clearly drawn : By and large , fans of David 's work tend to loudly proclaim that as long as abuse is sprayed pari passu -- e.g. , proportionately in all directions -- no one should take offense . The nonfans tend to respond that this kind of comedy rests on an assumption defined by another common Latin phrase , ceteris paribus -- e.g. , "  all other things being equal . " And all other things are never equal in our world , by definition . When a group of affluent white protagonists in an almost exclusively white "  New York " behave badly toward a handful of cartoonish parodies of working-class ethnic nobodies  a pretty fair synopsis of many "  Seinfeld " episodes  , it 's hilarious if you belong to the former category . It 's much less so when you belong to the latter . So it 's not entirely surprising that some of the whispered early concerns with "  Fish " related to the character of Fabiana , the Puerto Rican maid of the late patriarch of David 's fictional family , the Drexels . Fabiana , played by Rosie Perez , and her son Diego play a pivotal part in the show , which takes place in the immediate wake  er , shiva ?  of the passing of the elder Drexel ; without spoiling the plot , suffice it to say that it hinges on upstairs-downstairs romantic antics and their inevitable consequences . And yes , some reviewers are using the "  R " - word in calling out the depiction of Fabiana , eye-rolling over YASHDASM  Yet Another Stereotypical Hispanic Domestic And Single Mom  whose comic function is largely to mispronounce words and make cultural stumbles like bringing cuchifritos to a Jewish memorial service . But the conversation about race and representation is n't , and should n't be , absolutist based on content ; context is just as important -- perhaps more so . What 's the threeway balance of power between the author , the actors and the intended audience ? Are a performance 's questionable aspects racially exceptionalized ? Does the role pivot on the ethnic identity of the characters and performers in a way that prevents them from being seen as more than just the color of their skin and the accent of their speech ? And finally , is the vehicle in which it 's taking place innovative , eye-opening , horizon-expanding , or does it reduce , repress and restrict ? As "  Fish " was finishing its preview run , a theater-world drama of another color was erupting nearby . The National Asian Artists Project , a nonprofit theater company that produces works from the traditional Broadway canon featuring all-Asian casts , had announced its next production would be a big-budget , Asian American adaptation of Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II 's "  Show Boat , " to be developed and directed by Broadway wunderkind Tommy Tune . The problem , as Asian American actor and blogger Erin Quill immediately called out , is that unlike NAAP 's prior projects , which have included shows such as "  Oliver ! " and "  Carousel , " "  Show Boat " is set in the Deep South , among the laborers and performers working on and about the Cotton Blossom , a paddleboat theater offering entertainment to audiences up and down the Mississippi . "  This show ... is about the great racial divides within the Deep South -- divides that are , without question , black and white , " wrote Quill . " -LSB- Asians -RSB- were not ` toting that barge ' or ` lifting that bale ' . Asian Americans were not recovering from being ripped from their homeland and bound in chains due to the color of their skin . It is not ` our ' story to tell . " The fundamental mission of NAAP and other theatrical companies that cast productions against type is twofold : They seek to showcase overlooked talent and to challenge the racial conventions of the aptly dubbed "  Great White Way , " disrupting the notion that phenotypic reference points are necessary for a performer to believably portray a role . In that latter context , they 're exercises designed to highlight the fundamental magic of live theater : Its power to get audiences to suspend disbelief . NAAP 's all-Asian "  Show Boat " would seem to be not very different from the Public Theater 's present production of "  Hamilton , " featuring a multiracial set of American Founding Fathers -- including Puerto Rican author and composer Lin-Manuel Miranda as the titular Hamilton and African American actor Leslie Odom Jr. as his rival , Aaron Burr . And yet , there is a fundamental difference . Having actors of color play characters written for white actors , who are cast in 79 % of all Broadway roles  by contrast , Asian Americans and Hispanics are cast in just 3 % each and African Americans in 14 %  , is an act of disruptive defiance . Having actors of color play characters written for other actors of color is shuffling deck chairs on the Titanic at best and at worst , a categorically ill-conceived recipe for insensitivity . Could NAAP have weathered the spectacle of Asian performers speaking in Southern black dialect , performing a plot that 's entirely dependent on black history ? Could an Asian Steve have cut an Asian Julie 's hand , sucking her blood , then declared defiantly to an Asian sheriff that if Julie was a "  mulatto , " so was he , because he now had "  black blood " in him ? After a contentious town hall , in which numerous other performers of varied race and background expressed their vehement doubts , the Asian American theatrical community , and ultimately NAAP as well , decided it could n't . The context of the show , and the charged climate it would be arriving in , would make its content impossible to swallow . NAAP canceled the production . The costs of the cancellation are n't known , but they clearly are n't insignificant . But what , by contrast , of "  Fish " ? The reality is that Fabiana  performed by Rosie Perez more or less as Rosie Perez  does n't stand out as offensive when compared with the rest of the play 's characters ; for that matter , there 's nothing inherently Hispanic about the role , which , if the show had an unlimited run , could easily be recast as Asian , black or white , losing very little in the process . By contrast , nearly all of the rest of the cast fit familiar comedic portrayals of Jewish family members -- most intensely so , the neurotic protagonist , Norman  performed by Larry David himself more or less as Larry David  . The truth is , if non-Jews were to put on a production of "  Fish in the Dark , " it would be difficult not to experience it as anti-Semitic . These are the new and fascinating challenges presented by pop culture in our era of surging diversity , and they 're coming fast and furious from every direction . Interesting times and sure to get more interesting still .	Larry David 's play opens on Broadway , faces some criticism over a Hispanic character Jeff Yang : An Asian American group rightly cancels staging of "  Showboat "
CNN  "  A long , long , time ago ... " Those five words , when uttered or sung , makes baby boomers immediately think of Don McLean 's pop masterpiece "  American Pie . " It 's hard to believe that his phenomenal 8 1/2 minute allegory , which millions of Americans know by heart , is 44 years old . All sorts of historical cross-currents play off each other in this timeless song , brilliantly gilded with the unforgettable chorus , which starts as "  Bye , Bye , Miss American Pie . " There is no real way to categorize McLean 's "  American Pie " for its hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad , beer-hall chant and high-art rock . On Tuesday , Christie 's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song 's lyrics for $ 1.2 million to an unnamed buyer . McLean was a paperboy when , on February 3 , 1959 , he saw that Buddy Holly , Ritchie Valens and J.P. "  The Big Bopper " Richardson had been tragically killed in an airplane crash in Clear Lake , Iowa . "  The next day I went to school in shock and guess what ? " McLean recalled . "  Nobody cared . Rock 'n' roll in those days was sort of like hula hoops and Buddy had n't had a big hit on the charts since ' 57 . " By cathartically writing "  American Pie , " McLean has guaranteed that the memory of those great musicians lives forever . Having recorded his first album , "  Tapestry , " in 1969 , in Berkeley , California , during the student riots , McLean , a native New Yorker , became a kind of weather vane for what he called the "  generation lost in space . " When his cultural anthem "  American Pie " was released in November 1971 , it replaced Bob Dylan 's "  The Times They Are A Changin " as the Peoples Almanac of the new decade . It 's important to think of "  American Pie " as one would of Henry Longfellow 's "  Evangeline " or Johnny Mercer 's "  Moon River " -- an essential Americana poem emanating wistful recollection , blues valentine , and youthful protest rolled into one . There is magic brewing in the music and words of "  American Pie , " for McLean 's lyrics and melody frame a cosmic dream , like those Jack Kerouac tried to conjure in his poetry-infused novel "  On the Road . " Don McLean : Buddy Holly , rest in peace Influenced by Pete Seeger and the Weavers , McLean proudly wore the mantle of troubadour in the early 1970s , when "  American Pie " topped the Billboard charts , and has never shed the cape . Wandering far and wide , singing "  American Pie " at windblown dance halls in Wyoming and cloistered colleges in New England , at huge amphitheaters in California and little coffee houses in the Hudson River Valley , McLean has performed his global anthem thousands of times . Yet the encore number never loses its transfixing allure . When McLean prods audiences by rhapsodizing "  and they were singing " everybody spontaneously joins in with the "  Bye , Bye " chorus . Watching McLean deliver his most notable song in concert is to take part in a collective Happening . What makes "  American Pie " so unusual is that it is n't a relic from the counterculture but a talisman , which , like a sacred river , keeps bringing joy to listeners everywhere . When "  American Pie " suddenly is played on a jukebox or radio it 's almost impossible not to sing along . Like "  Danny Boy " or "  Streets of Laredo " or "  Shenandoah , " it 's eternal . With illusions to football fields and rock 'n' roll , river levees and nursery rhymes , the song cascades along like a boat going down Niagara Falls or a roller coaster that jumps tracks but floats instead of crashes . After all these years , "  American Pie " still makes me feel empowered and yet filled with a sense of loss . The song is alive and joyful , yet fretful about a world gone wrong . It is a song that will never die . A reverie for the ages . There is a jump to the chorus , which forces the mind to relive the '50s , '60s and '70s , to troll through the back pages of our lives while , like a traditional Irish folksong , it reminds us of fate . While McLean , the muse , has rightfully not tried to interpret "  American Pie , " it 's fair to surmise that "  the king " is Elvis Presley , "  Helter Skelter " refers to the Charles Manson murders , the "  jester on the sidelines in a cast " is Bob Dylan , and "  Jack Flash " the Rolling Stones . But who knows ? The lyric remains a puzzle open to thousands of spirited interpretations . As a literary artifact of the early 1970s , there is n't anything to compare to "  American Pie . " Normally , I do n't like rankings of literature or songs or even presidents , for that matter . But the fact that the Recording Industry of America and the National Endowment of the Arts chose "  American Pie " as the fifth greatest song of the 20th century speaks to the composition 's importance as an enduring piece of pop art . The other four were "  Over the Rainbow "  by Harold Arlen and E.Y "  Yip " Harburg  , "  White Christmas "  by Irving Berlin  , "  This Land is Your Land "  by Woody Guthrie  and "  Respect "  by Otis Redding  . That is fine company . Quite simply , "  American Pie " is one of the greatest songs ever written . And Tuesday the original lyrics found a new home .	Manuscript of "  American Pie " lyrics is sold to unnamed buyer for $ 1.2 million Douglas Brinkley : The song , a talisman for its age , brings joy to people 44 years later
CNN  -- Video aired in court Tuesday showed a team of masked men dressed like ninjas break into a Florida home -- with one of those men singling out Leonard Gonzalez Jr. as the group 's ringleader who held a gun over Byrd Billings and shot him . Gonzalez , 35 , is on trial for first-degree murder , with prosecutors alleging he and six others donned black masks and clothes before creeping into a Beulah , Florida , home on July 9 , 2009 , and killing Melanie and Byrd Billings execution-style . The Billingses had 16 cameras around their home , set up to keep tabs on the 13 special-needs children for whom they cared . Nine of the children were home during the invasion . One of the videos aired in court Tuesday shows the scene from one girl 's bedroom as a red van packed with people arrives outside the house . The girl gets up out of bed as the masked men enter the house , then hides under the covers pretending to sleep after hearing the commotion nearby . Another camera depicts several people in a room , including a shirtless Byrd Billings and his wife . One man hovers over Byrd , gun in hand , and shoots him twice in the leg before leading Byrd and Melanie Billings upstairs . Frederick Thornton , who has pleaded guilty to second-degree murder for his role in the invasion , identified the shooter in the video as Gonzalez . It was in the master bedroom , prosecutors say , that Gonzalez fatally shot the couple as one of their special-needs children watched from inside the room . Earlier Tuesday , Tony Eisa testified that he had turned down Gonzalez ' request to be the getaway driver for the scheme . Prosecutors contend that the testimony of Eisa and others offering similar stories prove Gonzalez actively recruited people to be part of his plan , thus making him guilty of premeditated murder . "  He wanted me to be the getaway driver , " said Eisa , recalling that Gonzalez was sweating and "  looked like he was up doing drugs . " "  I put my hand around the back of his neck , and escorted him out the door . " The defendant 's wife , Tabitha Gonzalez , testified that the family 's business , a karate school , had gone under . Prosecutors argue this indicates that financial gain was Leonard Gonzalez 's overriding motive , as he headed the team plotting to steal the Billings family 's safe , which they believed contained as much as $ 13 million . A small safe containing prescription medication , family documents and some jewelry was taken from the house , and later was found in the backyard of a woman who said she was a friend of Gonzalez , authorities have said . Two sources familiar with the investigation told CNN that a second safe at the home contained at least $ 100,000 . "  He was so broke ... that his mother had to buy him a car , which turned out to be a big red van that was used in the murders , " prosecutor Bill Eddins said in his opening statements of Gonzalez , who had six children with Tabitha . Escambia County Sheriff David Morgan has said Gonzalez once worked for a car dealership that Byrd Billings owned , and court documents state that Gonzalez received financial support from the family for his martial-arts studio . The Billings were known for their efforts caring for special needs children . A tearful Ashley Markham , the couple 's daughter , testified Tuesday that she talked to one of those children minutes after her parents died . "  He was just screaming into the phone , " she recalled . Of the eight people arrested in the case , seven males faced charges of murder and home invasion robbery . Two of them have already pleaded guilty to second-degree murder charges . The woman is accused of being an accessory after the fact . The remaining males , including a 16-year-old charged as an adult , have pleaded not guilty to the charges . The trial in Escambia County Circuit Court in Pensacola is expected to last three to four days . If convicted , Gonzalez could be sentenced to death . In Session 's Nancy Leung , Keith Lovely Jr. and Jean Casarez contributed to this report .	NEW : Video shows a man , identified as Leonard Gonzalez Jr. , shooting Byrd Billings NEW : Other footage in court shows man dressed as ninjas come and go in a red van Witnesses say that Gonzalez tried to recruit him and others to be part of his team The Florida couple known for caring for special-needs kids was shot and killed in 2009
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Supreme Court on Wednesday lifted sanctions placed on the Navy over its underwater sonar testing , a setback for environmental groups that claimed the warfare technology was harming whales and other marine mammals . An endangered blue whale surfaces off the coast of Southern California in July . At issue in the 5-4 ruling was whether the Navy 's need to conduct exercises to protect the country from enemy submarines outweighed concerns raised by environmental groups . The case focused on whether the president had the power to issue executive waivers allowing such tests and whether federal judges can issue preliminary injunctions blocking them . The high court ultimately sided with claims of national security over environmental concerns . Those environmental interests , said Chief Justice John Roberts for the majority , "  are plainly outweighed by the Navy 's need to conduct realistic training exercises to ensure that it is able to neutralize the threat posed by enemy submarines . " Roberts said a lower federal court "  abused its discretion " by imposing a 2,200-yard perimeter for testing and ordering a shutdown of sonar use during surfacing exercises . But in dissent , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg warned that the ecological damage was significant . "  This likely harm can not be lightly dismissed , " she said , "  even in the face of an alleged risk to the effectiveness of the Navy 's 14 training exercises . " Justices David Souter , Stephen Breyer and John Paul Stevens also questioned the Navy 's arguments . The exercises have continued while the case was under appeal . Environmentalists had sued the Pentagon over the practice , and a federal judge ordered major changes to the Navy 's annual offshore training exercises in March . President Bush had issued an emergency waiver to allow the exercises to go on without the filing of an environmental impact study , but the lower court ruling blocked the use of sonar . That federal judge , in ruling against the government last March , said it was "  constitutionally suspect " for Bush to issue the national security exemption to allow skipping the impact study . Military officials argued that the restrictions could hamper readiness in time of war , because new sonar technology is needed to detect increasingly sophisticated enemy submarines . "  This case was vital to our Navy and nation 's security , and we are pleased with the Supreme Court 's decision in this matter , " Navy Secretary Donald Winter said . "  We can now continue to train our sailors effectively , under realistic combat conditions . " One of the environmental organizations that sued the Defense Department told the justices that the exercises had been planned in advance and that the Navy was required under law to conduct more extensive environmental tests than it had . The waters of southern California are home to dozens of species of whales , dolphins , seals and sea lions , nine of them federally listed as endangered or threatened . Federal courts have cited scientific studies and the Navy 's own conclusions that high levels of sonar can cause hearing loss and disorientation in the animals . In February , the U.S. Navy demonstrated for CNN its onboard procedures for turning down mid-frequency sonar when whales come within 1,000 meters and shutting it off completely when they approach 200 meters . The sonar sounds like a "  ping , ping " noise , and it can be reduced as necessary , officers said . But environmentalists say that the sonar can hurt whales much farther than 1,000 meters away and that the noise created by the sonar "  was like having a jet engine in the Supreme Court multiplied 2,000 times , compensating for water , " attorney Richard Kendall told the justices . Reacting to the ruling , Kendall said , "  It is gratifying that the court did not accept the Navy 's expansive claims of executive power and that two-thirds of the injunction remain in place . " In 2000 , 16 whales beached themselves in the Bahamas , and the Navy concluded that too many sonar ships had been operating in a narrow underwater channel . The service says it is funding $ 16 million in independent research to minimize sonar 's effect on marine mammals .	NEW : Navy secretary says ruling allows sailors to train under "  realistic " conditions By 5-4 vote , Supreme Court allows Navy exercises in whale habitat Sound waves can permanently harm sea mammals , environmentalists argue Fleet 's safety and need to train trump concern for whales , chief justice writes
McDonald 's and Target dropped an egg supplier this week after an activist group released disturbing video showing what it says shows animal cruelty at three of the company 's barns . The undercover video , released by Mercy for Animals , was allegedly shot between May and August at facilities run by Sparboe Farms in Colorado , Iowa and Minnesota . It shows hens crammed in crowded cages , workers burning beaks and one , trying to shove a bird inside the pocket of a co-worker , apparently for fun . Another worker presses his thumb against the back of a chick 's neck until it breaks . "  Regarding the undercover videos , the behavior on tape is disturbing and completely unacceptable . McDonald 's wants to assure our customers that we demand humane treatment of animals by our suppliers . We take this responsibility -- along with our customers ' trust -- very seriously . It 's important to note that the most alarming actions on video did not occur at Sparboe 's Vincent , Iowa , facility that supplies McDonald 's . Nonetheless , our extremely high standards for our suppliers prohibit this conduct , " McDonald 's said in a statement , announcing its decision to cut ties with Sparboe Farms . Target similarly said it was dropping Sparboe Farms , which describes itself as the fifth-largest shell egg producer and marketer in the United States . The Minnesota-based egg supplier said it first heard about the abuse allegations from ABC News , which conducted an investigation of the company . Sparboe Farms launched an internal investigation upon learning about the undercover video , which was shot by an animal activist hired under false pretenses , according to Beth Sparboe Schnell , president and owner of Sparboe Farms . Four employees have been fired and management changes have taken place as a result of that investigation , which is ongoing , she said . An independent auditor from Iowa State University was also hired to conduct a third-party animal welfare audit . "  I was deeply saddened to see the story because this is n't who Sparboe Farms is . Acts depicted in the footage are totally unacceptable and completely at odds with our values as egg farmers . In fact , they are in direct violation of our animal care code of conduct , which all of our employees read , sign and follow each day , " Sparboe Schnell said in a statement . The release of the video and the company 's response come in the wake of a warning letter sent to Sparboe Farms from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration earlier this week . The agency said it found "  serious violations " after visiting five of the companies ' production facilities , including failure to have and implement a written Salmonella Enteritidis prevention plan and failure to prevent stray poultry , wild birds , cats and other animals from entering poultry houses . The company said it responded to the FDA , which in turn told Sparboe Farms that some of the corrective actions it took were insufficient . Further steps were then taken to remedy the situation , the company said . The egg industry has been a frequent target of animal rights groups , which accuse suppliers of keeping hens in unusually cruel conditions , and have sometimes used undercover videos to prove their point . In 2004 , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals  PETA  released video showing slaughterhouse workers for a KFC supplier stepping on birds , kicking them and slamming them against walls and floors . According to PETA , it is common practice for workers to cut a hen 's beak with a hot blade at just a few days old , with no painkillers . Those that survive are then kept in small wire cages , or battery cages , that are so small as to prevent them from lifting their wings , it says . The Humane Society of the United States advocates for so-called cage-free systems , which allow hens to walk around , spread their wings and lay their eggs in nests . However , the simple absence of battery cages is not enough to ensure a facility is "  cruelty-free , " the rights group says . The egg industry has also been buffeted recently by food safety concerns . Regulators recalled about 550 million eggs from the U.S. market in the wake of a salmonella outbreak traced to two Iowa farms in August . About 1,300 cases of salmonella was linked to eggs from Wright County Eggs and Hillandale Farms of Iowa , forcing a recall of their products in at least 17 states , the FDA and the Centers for Disease Control reported . Wright County Egg recalled 380 million eggs , while Hillandale Farms recalled 170 million eggs .	The activist group Mercy for Animals releases undercover video shot at Sparboe Farms The egg supplier says the footage depicts acts "  completely at odds with our values " The FDA finds "  serious violations " at five of the company 's production facilities The egg industry has been a frequent target of animal rights groups
CNN  -- Seven French soldiers were killed when their military helicopter crashed off the coast of Gabon , the country 's official news agency said Sunday . A French ship with investigators on board look for clues near the crash site area . Two French soldiers survived the Saturday night crash , the agency said . French Defense Minister Herve Morin arrived in Gabon 's capital of Libreville on Sunday and met with President Omar Bongo to coordinate recovery efforts for the body of one of the seven soldiers whose remains had not been found . According to the French minister , "  the cause of this tragedy remains unknown . It may be natural or human , or a combination of both . " Divers were inspecting the helicopter , which was in water 35 meters  about 115 feet  deep , Morin said . French forces were in the former French colony for maritime security exercises with Gabonese soldiers when the incident happened .	Seven killed , but two French soldiers survive the Saturday night crash Recovery efforts underway for body of one of the seven soldiers still missing Divers inspecting helicopter , which was in water 35 meters  about 115 feet  deep
LONDON , England  CNN  -- French speed sailing trimaran , l'Hydroptere has broken yet another world record as its crew draw closer to two major milestones . The flying yacht : French trimaran l'Hydroptere is closing in on two major speed sailing records . L'Hydroptere is now the fastest yacht in history over 500 meters and one nautical mile , after its average speeds of 46.88 knots and 43.09 knots respectively were ratified by the British World Sailing Speed Record Council  WSSRC  . The records were set by Alain Thebault and his crew off Port Saint-Louis du Rhone near Marseille in the south of France . The boat is now poised to pass the 100km per hour mark  54 knots  after reaching a peak of 53.69 knots in training last month . The major record the l'Hydroptere is trying to claim is the world "  absolute speed sailing record , " which is currently held by American kite surfer Robert Douglas , who achieved 49.84 knots over 500m earlier this year . Thebault and his crew now have until 22 December to establish new records this year . These attempts will be presided over and measured by a representative from the World Sailing Speed Record Council . Thébault told CNN he had a long-held dream of skippering a boat that could "  fly . " He said several subtle design changes had been made to the boat in 2008 and he 's confident the crew can produce the record speed in the near future . "  I think the boat is ready now . I have always dreamed about a flying yacht . It was a big emotion for all of the crew and myself when we passed 50 knots , " he said .	L'Hydroptere is the new fastest yacht over 500 meters and one nautical mile The boat is based in Marseille and is skippered by Frenchman Alain Thebault The crew are now poised to pass the 100 kilometers per hour mark  54 knots
CNN  -- When pictures leaked out in December of the late Steve Jobs ' new yacht , Venus , leaving The Netherlands , interest was once again sparked in the mysterious world of the super mega yachts , and in those who build them for the super mega rich . I say mysterious because the business of yacht building is full of rumors and speculation until the ship is seen leaving the sheds of the family-owned builders , whether in Amsterdam , Hamburg or Bremen . Read more : Steve Jobs ' yacht impounded over pay dispute A bit of the veil on this industry was lifted in London in January when the builders and designers of the biggest yachts celebrated the launch of the 2013 Top 100 Forecast from superyachts.com . The backers of this event are at pains to remind people this business employs thousands of people  craftsmen , architects , builders , designers , deckhands  , and when a new anchorage is discovered by the rich and famous to park their yachts , it can generate a lot of income for a region . Read more : Sailing the world 's most beautiful lakes And since they are n't allowed to talk about those who buy these yachts , they are only to happy to talk all about the business . Herbert Aly , the CEO of Blohm + Voss , told me that superyacht building was actually hurt during the economic crisis . It took some time for the slowdown to filter through as orders can take five to seven years to fulfill , so 2011 and 2012 were the tough years . But that 's coming to an end . Watch here : Yacht sales down amid austerity "  We 've seen the rock bottom of it , " Aly stressed . "  And I think 2013 will be a promising year for the industry , for the big ones . " Aly said the bigger yacht side of the business is coming back faster than the smaller side . Read more : Adventurers recreate ` greatest survival story ' of the Antarctic Aly 's competitor Peter Lurssen would agree . His famed Lurssen shipyard in Bremen will soon unleash the world 's longest mega yacht , codenamed Project Azzam . While Lurssen is not allowed to confirm the owner , or the specifics , he can talk a little bit more once aficionados caught a glimpse of it . "  The yacht had to leave one shed and flowed through the river to the next shed , and even though the nose was n't on , specialists were there with their instruments and they figured out it , yes it will be longer than what is flowing today . " Watch here : ` Super yachts ' gather in London The ' "  specialists " estimate it will be around 180 meters long , beating out Roman Abramovich 's Eclipse , built by Blohm + Voss , which comes in at 163.5 meters long . Will they just keep getting longer ? "  Maybe we will see 200 meters , but I think that 's it , " said Aly . "  Why do you go for a bigger one if you are alone on it ? " Read more : Olympic yachts glide into London for a colorful makeover Well , not exactly alone , since some of the mega yachts need 60 to 80 employees when the boat is in full use . But he has a point . We could ask one of the owners , but they tend to like the yacht to do the talking . Henk de Vries of Feadship built the Venus for Jobs , though he wo n't confirm that . But he says building for the mega rich also means building an intimate relationship . "  It 's very personal . I have the cell phone number of my customers . " And they have his . "  Oh , yes , and they call me when something breaks down . " Does that mean de Vries will do whatever it takes to strike a deal with a tech billionaire or Saudi sheik ? "  I had someone ask me the other day , ` but you ca n't say no to a prince ? ' I said , yes , we do . We do it all the time , " de Vries said , laughing . All the builders stress that the ship takes on the personality of the person paying for it , and that things like the interior can change over the years it takes to build the ship . But since they only can book a profit once the yacht is delivered , they work hard to find a compromise . And de Vries has something new and special coming out of the shed soon . "  Whereas the Venus was about eliminating everything , and going back to even than more than basic , just purity and form in design . This project that will be shown to the world , again I ca n't say anything , except that it is very large , and it 's immensely complex and has everything that is included in that one . " In other words , while the roofline of Venus looks like -- you guessed it -- an iPhone , the next one will be all about the bling . Project Azzam will be all about the yacht 's length . With the business of big yachts coming back , it 's possible other builders might want to get in on the action . Europe 's family-run yacht builders caution against it . "  We see military shipyards , commercial shipyards who think , ` oh , OK . I 'll do a frigate , paint it white , put a nice interior in it , I have a nice yacht . ' No way , " said de Vries . It 's about the personal touch , as Lurssen stressed . "  We had a client that had in the contract that I could never resign as a director as long as the yacht is still not delivered , in fact not out of warranty . " At a time that Europe is very worried about jobs , the uptick in interest for mega yachts should be looked at in a positive light , even if news reports will soon be filled with gossip  and jealousy ?  over Project Azzam and the "  bells and whistles " yachts to soon sail away from the shores of Europe to the Middle East .	Aly , CEO of Blohm + Voss , told CNN that super yacht building was hurt in the crisis Lurssen shipyard in Bremen will soon unleash the world 's longest mega yacht Some of the mega yachts need 60-80 employees when the boat is in full use
London , England  CNN  -- Britain will step up its inspection of North Sea drilling rigs following the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , the government announced Tuesday . The government will also increase monitoring of offshore drilling compliance and has asked a new oil industry group to report on Britain 's ability to prevent and respond to oil spills , Energy Secretary Chris Huhne said . "  The events unfolding in the Gulf of Mexico are devastating and will be enduring , " Huhne said in a statement . "  What we are seeing will transform the regulation of deep water drilling worldwide . It 's my responsibility to make sure that the oil and gas industry maintains the highest practices here in U.K. waters . " Current measures are up to standards but must be strengthened in light of the Gulf of Mexico spill , Huhne said . "  It 's clear that our safety and environmental regulatory regime is fit for purpose , " he said . "  It is already among the most robust in the world and the industry 's record in the North Sea is strong . For example , we already separate regulation of operations and safety . "  But the Deepwater Horizon gives us pause for thought and , given the beginning of exploration in deeper waters West of Shetland , there is every reason to increase our vigilance . " Tougher steps are already being taken , Huhne said . They include doubling the number of drilling rig inspections by the Department of Energy and Climate Change  DECC  , which is responsible for licensing , exploration , and regulation of oil and gas developments on the U.K. Continental Shelf , he said . The DECC is also reviewing the indemnity and insurance requirements for operators on the U.K. Continental Shelf . Huhne said Britain 's stringent safety regulations came into force after the Piper Alpha disaster in July 1988 , when a gas leak led to a major fire that engulfed the platform in the North Sea . Of the 229 people aboard the rig , 167 died . Operators of oil rigs must now analyze the potential dangers on an installation , the consequences of any incident , and their methods to control the risks .	Britain to step up North Sea oil rig inspections Move prompted by Gulf of Mexico spill , Britain says "  Every reason to increase vigilance , " Britain says
This is going to give grammarians a headache , literalists a migraine and language nerds a nervous breakdown . The definition of literally is no longer the literal definition of literally . Gizmodo has discovered Google 's definition for literally includes this : "  Used to acknowledge that something is not literally true but is used for emphasis or to express strong feeling . " But it does n't end with Google . Merriam-Wesbter and Cambridge dictionaries have also added the informal , non-literal definition . So what 's the deal ? Funky words make it into the dictionary Next thing they 'll be telling us that there 's no ham in hamburger , no egg in eggplant , a boxing ring is n't round and tennis shoes are n't just for tennis . We 're literally over it . Hooray for Dictionary.com , which has bucked the trend but includes the info in an editor 's note below the definition . Dictionary finally acknowledges humans can tweet , too "  The use is often criticized ; nevertheless , it appears in all but the most carefully edited writing . " Reader : insert your own joke here	Dictionaries now include a definition of literally that is n't literal Literally can be used to express a strong feeling , dictionaries say Merriam-Webster , Cambridge and Google agree Dictionary.com notes the exception
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- The lawyer for the main suspect in last year 's deadly terrorist attack in Mumbai was removed Wednesday , delaying the high-profile trial that was set to begin . Soldiers patrol in Mumbai on the eve of the trial of a key suspect in last year 's attacks in the Indian city . The trial start for Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , 21 , is expected to be moved to Thursday as officials scramble to settle the lawyer issue . Kasab is thought to be the only one of 10 gunmen to survive the three-day siege , which killed more than 160 people in November . As the trial was to begin , the judge removed attorney Anjali Waghmare because she also was representing a witness in the case . Waghmare argued that she had no idea that the person was a witness in the terror case , and she was representing this person in a different case . But the judge declared that it was a conflict of interest . An Indian court appointed Waghmare two weeks ago to represent Kasab , and it was unclear who would replace her . Kasab demanded that his attorney be replaced with a Pakistani lawyer . But the judge denied that request and said that a Pakistani lawyer may be able to be brought in as a consultant from outside the courtroom . Kasab , a Pakistani national , faces more than a dozen charges , including murder , conspiracy to wage a war against the nation and terrorism . During the proceedings Wednesday Kasab seemed relaxed and smiled many time at the large crowd of journalists in the courtroom . Kasab also requested newspapers to be brought in so that he could see what the media was writing about him . Prosecutors last month accused him of trying to delay the trial by insisting that the 11,000-page document detailing the charges against him -- which was written in English and the local Marathi language -- be translated into Urdu , the official language of Pakistan . The court rejected his request . Wednesday 's trial was to take place in a makeshift court set up in a jail where Kasab -- who has been communicating with the judge via videolink -- is being held . Indian authorities have long blamed the Mumbai attacks on Lashkar-e-Tayyiba , a Pakistan-based militant outfit , but the group has denied responsibility . The violence initially heightened tensions between the two nuclear states . India has urged Pakistan to destroy what it calls terrorist infrastructure in that country . The two nations are longtime rivals that have fought three wars since their independence from the British , and conducted countering nuclear weapons tests in 1998 . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	Main suspect 's lawyer removed as she represents a witness in the case Trial was to start Wednesday , unclear when court proceedings will resume Mohammed Ajmal Kasab , 21 , is accused of being the only gunmen to survive siege The November siege targeted victims at Mumbai hotels , hospitals , railway stations
CNN  -- A superb goal from Mesut Ozil on the hour mark saw Germany go through to the last 16 of the World Cup with a 1-0 win over Ghana at Soccer City on Wednesday night . The victory also secures Germany 's passage as Group D winners and they will now play England on Sunday in Bloemfontien for a place in the quarterfinals . Australia beat Serbia 2-1 in Nelspruit but the effort was in vain as Ghana go through as the second qualifier on goal difference . They are the first African team into the the knockout stages and will face Group C winners the United States on Saturday in Rustenberg . U.S. and England qualify in Group C Ozil 's superb volleyed strike into the roof of the net gave Joachim Loew 's men a deserved victory after having the better of the play , but Ghana also chances in Johannesburg . In the first half , Andre Ayew looked set to score as he burst into the Germany penalty area , but he took one touch too many , then Ozil was one-on-one with Richard Kingson , but was denied . Germany captain Philipp Lahm knocked an Asamoah Gyan shot off the line as the teams went in scoreless at halftime , but his team were to eventually triumph . Coach Loew said he had a word with Ozil in the dressing room about his earlier miss and never doubted he would make amends . "  I told him in the half-time break -- you 've still got a goal in you , " he told AFP . "  This was an incredibly intense game and not many things worked out for us . But ultimately we have now reached the next stage . "  The round of 16 game  against England  will be a class encounter , we are looking forward to it . " Australia 2-1 Serbia Serbia only needed a point in the other match to go through , but were undone by a fighting performance by the Socceroos at the Mbombela Stadium . Two goals in four minutes midway through the second half from Everton midfelder Tim Cahill and substitute Brett Holman gave Australia hope they they could also qualify . But Serbian substitute Marko Pantelic pulled one back with six minutes left , had another ruled off for offside -- the second of the match for his unfortunatle team -- then shot over the bar with the goal at his mercy . Serbia also had strong penalty claims denied as Cahill appeared to handle in his own penalty area . "  This was a game of good quality . I can not reproach any of my players for their effort , " Serbian coach Radomir Antic told AFP . "  We had plenty of opportunities but in the end I think that we did n't get fair treatment . We deserved much more than we got . We have to go back home now . " Milos Krasic missed two great scoring chances in the first half and also had an effort ruled out of offside as Serbia dominated , but Australia improved after the break with Cahill outjumping Nemanja Vidic for their opener . When Holman converted with a long-range strike an unlikely passage to the last 16 looked on the cards , but at the final whistle both teams were disappointed .	Germany beat Ghana 1-0 at Soccer City to top Group D at World Cup Ghana also qualify in second place in group despite narrow defeat A superb goal from Mesut Ozil secures the victory for Germany Australia beat Serbia 2-1 in other group match but both fail to qualify
CNN  -- Move over , Steve Rogers . Let the Falcon take wing . The Falcon , aka Sam Wilson , is taking over as Captain America from Rogers , Marvel announced Wednesday . The new hero is n't just far younger than Rogers , who "  must surrender his blues for a sturdy cane , " Paul Montgomery wrote on Marvel.com ; he 's also an African-American very much in tune with the modern world . "  While Sam shares many of Steve 's beliefs in a general sense , he 's also a very different person with a very different background , " editor Tom Brevoort said on the website . "  He did n't grow up in the 1930s , he 's a modern-day man in touch with the problems of the 21st century . For most of his professional life , Sam has worked as a social worker , so he 's seen the worst of urban society up close , and how crime , poverty , lack of social structure and opportunity can affect the community . " The Falcon debuted in 1969 in "  Captain America " # 117 . He was Marvel 's first mainstream African-American superhero . Right away he found himself going against Captain America 's nefarioius Nazi foe , Red Skull , when a trip to a tropical island pitted him against the "  Exiles , " a group of former Nazis who had been affiliated wtih the archvillain . Wilson triumphed in that adventure and became friends with Captain America . Over the years , with the help of his faithful falcon friend , Redwing , Wilson has fought crime on behalf of S.H.I.E.L.D. and other Marvel organizations . In the 2014 movie "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier , " the Falcon was portrayed by Anthony Mackie . Rogers is n't leaving the fold . He 'll be a "  remote strategic advisor , " according to Brevoort . This is the second time in a week that Marvel has changed up its universe . On Tuesday , the company announced that the new Thor will be a woman .	The new Captain America will be Sam Wilson , the Falcon The Falcon has been friends with Captain America for decades "  A very different person with a very different background , " says Marvel editor Marvel also introduced a new Thor this week
CNN  -- The BP oil spill has brought into the public 's eye the tragedy of oiled wildlife . The pictures last week of pelicans completely covered in oil were horrific and rightly produced an outcry of rage from the public . Should these birds , and other oiled wildlife , be saved ? Much like the struggle to contain the oil itself , there are no quick fixes or easy answers . First , we need to emphasize that rescue and rehabilitation of oiled wildlife must be performed by trained wildlife professionals and volunteers . Without proper training , would-be rescuers can inadvertently harm or further stress oiled wildlife or be harmed themselves , either by struggling animals or the oil itself . Rescuers must go through a weeklong training on the handling of hazardous materials as well as proper wildlife rescue techniques . Wildlife rehabilitation is difficult . It is more than simply retrieving , washing and releasing wildlife contaminated with oil . Rehabilitators not only clean wildlife but provide veterinary care and feeding . Some animals are desperately ill , while others may need only minimal care . Each animal is individually assessed and then treated appropriately . Experts may make the difficult decision that some creatures ca n't be saved . Read why some experts say birds should be euthanized Even if we do everything right , the long-term survival of rehabilitated wildlife may be uncertain . Beyond the short-term threats of oil poisoning and hypothermia , surviving wildlife face potential loss of their food sources and habitat . And it 's not as simple as moving affected individuals to a new location -- if a species moved 500 miles away from where it was originally lived , it might not be able to locate food and in some cases might even return to the original , oil-polluted location . Wildlife at risk from the BP oil spill include five species of threatened or endangered sea turtles , including the most endangered sea turtle in the world , the Kemp 's Ridley sea turtle , which is largely dependent on the Gulf of Mexico . The brown pelican , in addition to having symbolic importance as Louisiana 's state bird , was only recently taken off the Endangered Species List . For species that are threatened or endangered , every individual is critically important to help contribute to the survival of these species . Some have argued that we should n't bother to try to save any oiled birds , that given the long odds many face , we should simply euthanize all of them . That line of thinking overlooks recent advances in wildlife rehabilitation . It also lumps the sickest birds together with ones that may only be mildly ill . More broadly , it misses the point that this is n't just about playing the percentages . Humanity is an important factor in the decision to rehabilitate oiled animals . People caused this problem , and many feel it is our ethical duty to try to help the wildlife suffering as a result , even if the task is difficult and the outcome uncertain . At the National Wildlife Federation , we 've heard from so many Americans who feel a sense of helplessness as the oil continues to gush and as BP 's attempts to stop it continue to fail . Knowing that efforts are being made to save the innocent wildlife victims of this disaster not only helps the emotional stress of the public , it also gives them hope and rallies them to get involved , whether it 's making a donation to the response effort or contacting their elected officials . The sad reality is that many of the Gulf 's most critical species are now swimming against the current . Rehabilitation is difficult , and survival is uncertain . This only underscores the critical importance of clean energy and climate legislation now so we can prevent these disasters from happening in the future . That 's the only real way to ensure that we do n't have to see more images of oiled wildlife struggling and dying in disasters of our own making . The best way to help personally is to give , which you can do by texting WILDLIFE to 20222 to donate $ 10 to the NWF Gulf Oil Spill Restoration Fund . If you 're in Louisiana and want to report oiled wildlife , call 866 557-1401 . Sign up for NWF 's Gulf Coast Surveillance volunteer teams to help spot and report oiled wildlife throughout the Gulf at www.nwf.org/oilspill . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Mizejewski .	Rehabilitating oiled birds is a difficult and risky effort , says David Mizejewski Naturalist says birds may not survive the return to a natural environment But saving birds can help ensure survival of endangered species , Mizejewski says People caused this problem ; many feel ethical duty to save as many birds as possible , he says
CNN  -- Whenever the U.S. Transportation Security Administration changes the way it screens passengers , it 's bound to cause a stir . This time is no different . The TSA 's move this week to allow small pocket knives on airplanes has generated a storm of criticism and concern among aviation professionals and passengers alike . Critics are outraged by a new rule that will allow knives with very short blades onto aircraft . The agency says it believes knives can not be used to hijack planes because of strengthened cockpit doors and more passenger awareness . "  This policy reversal is against the best interest of the security of crew and passengers in the aircraft cabin and we will stop at nothing to fight it , " said the Flight Attendants Union Coalition , in a press statement issued Thursday announcing its campaign to reverse the TSA 's decision . The coalition represents nearly 90,000 unionized flight attendants at carriers across the country . Former flight attendant Tiffany Hawk is "  stupefied " by the TSA 's decision to allow knives "  especially since the process that turns checkpoints into maddening logjams -- removing shoes , liquids and computers -- remains unchanged , " she wrote in an opinion column for CNN . Under the new rules , knives with blades that are 2.36 inches  6 centimeters  or shorter and less than a 1/2 inch wide will be allowed in airline cabins as long as the blade is not fixed or does not lock into place . Razor blades and box cutters are still prohibited . The rules also allow passengers to carry two golf clubs , toy bats or other sports sticks -- such as ski poles , hockey sticks , lacrosse sticks and pool cues -- aboard in carry-on luggage . TSA chief John Pistole said the changes , which will take effect April 25 and will bring the United States into alignment with international rules , are in keeping with his "  risk-based security " approach . Putting less focus on these items will permit airport screeners to focus on looking for bomb components , which present a greater threat to aircraft . New rule does n't go far enough , former chief says Sharp objects can no longer bring down aircraft , former TSA chief Kip Hawley told CNN , and the search for knives interferes with the search for objects that can threaten aircraft . "  They ought to let everything on that is sharp and pointy . Battle axes , machetes ... bring anything you want that is pointy and sharp because while you may be able to commit an act of violence , you will not be able to take over the plane . It is as simple as that , " said Hawley , who oversaw the TSA from mid-2005 through early 2009 . Focusing on the wrong threat Security expert Rafi Ron says the TSA should focus on risky people rather than risky objects . "  When you have someone like you or me who does n't intend to attack a flight , whether we have a Swiss Army knife in our pocket or not does n't make any difference , " said Ron , president of Virginia-based New Age Security Solutions and former head of security of Ben-Gurion Airport near Tel Aviv , Israel . "  If you have somebody like one of the terrorists  who was involved in the 9/11 attacks  or a terrorist who is still out there , I 'm not sure we 'd want him to have even a Swiss Army knife , " Ron said . "  Risk is not measured by the item , whether it is a knife or gun . It is measured by the person holding it . A bad guy with a Swiss Army knife can still cause a lot of damage to the crew and passengers in the cabin before the aircraft can land . " What 's critical is to be able to apply a heightened level of search to potentially dangerous people beyond who 's on the "  No Fly " list , he said . The shoe bomber and underwear bomber "  are people who could have been identified as high risk passengers if we had bothered to screen them , " he said , referring to Richard Reid 's attempted airline attack in 2001 and an attempted attack in 2009 by Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab . Some clues : "  Both of them bought one-way tickets , paid in cash , both of them did n't check any baggage for a trans-Atlantic flight . They should have been subjected to a different level of search , " Ron said . Terrorism 's ultimate goal While he sympathizes with the concerns of flight attendants that knives and other objects could be used to hurt people , there are already objects in the cabin that mentally or emotionally disturbed people could use to inflict injury , said Richard Bloom , Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University 's chief academic officer and director of terrorism , intelligence and security studies . "  That has nothing to do with terrorism , " said Bloom . "  Given that any organization , including the TSA , has only so many people and so much money , what they 're trying to do is get less relevant things out of their attention and pay more attention to things that are more catastrophic . " An ever changing list of banned objects The TSA 's evolving list of banned objects has drawn mixed reaction from travelers . "  Let 's allow knives on board , but you are not allowed a bottle of water , or a bottle of baby food , " wrote one CNN.com reader . Another seemed to take a more positive view : "  I almost had my kids ' safety scissors confiscated from their little activity kit . Yay for this sensible decision . " Commenter Jose L. Reynoso was more skeptical . "  Yeah sure one man against a bunch of others is no match but , what if ten men carrying knives and bats plot to take over ? Would n't a massacre be obvious ? " Reynoso wrote . A more flexible aviation security system ? A country 's security services need to be collecting intelligence on potential terrorists way before passengers board an aircraft , said Bloom . And any airport 's security team needs to have flexible and layered screening in place to be able to adjust its processes for high-risk individuals . "  The threat is ever-changing . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report	The latest TSA move to allow some knives and sports equipment is causing a furor Flight attendants have created petitions demanding the TSA reverse its policy Security experts say the policy does n't address the need to evaluate travelers , not things
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Three Japanese lawmakers were denied entry at a South Korean airport Monday after they announced they would attempt a visit to an island near disputed territory in what Korea calls the East Sea and Japan calls the Sea of Japan . The lawmakers arrived at Gimpo International Airport near Seoul at 11:20 a.m. but were denied entry by the immigration service , according the Ministry of Justice . The trio is expected to return to Japan on a later flight , but details were not yet available , the Ministry of Justice said . The Japanese politicians announced they would visit Ulleung Island -- adjacent to the disputed Dokdo islets -- after the two countries clashed over a civilian aircraft running a test flight over the area . The islets in the sea to the east of Korea , known as Dokdo in Korea and Takeshima in Japan , have been a prickly issue for both countries . Japan has long claimed the islets as its territory , but Seoul said all Korean territory was returned after the country won independence from colonial rule by Japan in 1945 . The South Korean Foreign Ministry warned Friday that the government would not allow the three politicians to enter the country , saying it can not guarantee the safety of the lawmakers and that the decision is out of consideration of bilateral relations . Monday 's visit is widely viewed as an act of protest by right-wing politicians after the two countries clashed over the islets last month . The Japanese government issued a ban on flying with South Korea 's flagship airline , advising Japanese officials to refrain from flying with Korean Air in July . Korean Air had conducted a test flight over the islets twice to celebrate the launching of its new aircraft in June . Seoul demanded Tokyo withdraw the ban , but with no success . South Koreans view the islets as a source of national pride and have taken various measures to reassert its ownership of the islets . The land is largely uninhabited with only seven registered residents .	The politicians announce their intent to visit an island near disputed territory The disputed islets are known as Dokdo in South Korea and Takeshima in Japan In July , Korean Air conducted a test flight over the islets The Japanese government issued a ban on flying with Korean air
CNN  -- April 2 is the fifth annual World Autism Awareness Day . Since 2007 , the day has aimed to raise awareness for individuals and families with members on the autism spectrum . In honor of the day , CNN iReporters shared their stories of what life is like with autism . Some were inspiring , others were heartbreaking , but every single iReport offered a window into the little-understood world of life with autism . Are you or a loved one living with autism ? We want to hear from you : the joys , the struggles and everything in between . Share your story with iReport .	iReporters share their stories of life with autism Families overcome hurdles and become even closer because of autism Across the spectrum , autism brings as many blessings as struggles
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- High tide on Friday sent some water pouring into the Bangkok 's Chinatown area , but it receded within a few hours , while the commercial district remained largely dry . Those who have stayed in the city despite the government 's pleas to leave are waiting to see if the highest tide , forecast to come Saturday afternoon , will overwhelm defenses along the city 's river and many canals and bring more damaging floods . Floodwaters that drenched much of central and lower parts of northern Thailand crept Thursday into Bangkok , stressing embankments and flooding roads , parking lots , factories and markets and sending many residents fleeing for dry ground . Up to 1 meter  3.2 feet  of water was expected in some areas , said Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra , as the Chao Phraya River spilled into the city of 12 million people . Several districts were under a mandatory evacuation order . "  There is water from underground coming up , " said Pracha Promnok , chief of the Flood Relief Operations Center . "  We are unable to do anything  to stop it  . " Yingluck fielded criticism that the flood relief center had not done enough and -- with tears in her eyes -- called on the public to sympathize with emergency staff , as some of them had also become victims of the flooding . "  Many are exhausted and some problems can not be controlled and were not caused by  the center  , " Yingluck said , according to MCOT . Thailand 's government declared public holidays through the rest of the month in 21 flood-affected provinces , and appealed to Bangkok residents to head to the countryside . People flocked to bus terminals and crowded the Suvarnabhumi Airport , the main airport , in hopes of reaching higher ground . The smaller domestic airport , its runways inundated , was closed until November 1 , but Suvarnabhumi was operating normally , protected by 3.5 meters  almost 12 feet  of dikes , said Toopetch Booyarith of the Airport Authority of Thailand . "  We are confident that we will not be affected , " Toopetch said . CNNGo : Updated info for tourists The streets of the normally bustling metropolis that is notorious for massive traffic jams stood empty Thursday , save for a few public buses and taxis that were able to navigate through . There was even water standing before the Grand Palace , perhaps the most adored of Bangkok 's landmarks . In some neighborhoods vacated by people , domestic animals were left to fend for themselves . "  You 'll see dogs stranded on rooftops , dogs trying to swim , " said Marcelo Cacciola , of the Soi Dog Foundation . "  So we went to these little towns around the Bangkok area with boats and rescued the dogs . " Some hotels slashed prices to accommodate the flood-affected and some tourist areas reported full occupancies . In the resort town of Pattaya , fleeing Bangkok residents found it hard to get a room in hotels overflowing with European tourists , the Bangkok Post reported . Thanyarat Hemkittiwat said she was planning to leave Bangkok to stay with relatives outside the city . "  Some families in southern Bangkok had their house flooded , " said the 31-year-old worker at a furniture export company , which was shut after it , too , was flooded . "  The water level is two meters  six feet  high and smells very bad , " she said . She said the military had set up a flood relief center , "  but now even that has water coming in it . " UNICEF said it was providing $ 300,000 in aid that includes 20,000 insecticide-treated mosquito nets . The U.S. State Department issued a travel alert recommending against all but essential travel to affected areas . It noted that most tourist destinations , such as Phuket and Chiang Mai , were unaffected . U.S. Ambassador Kristie Kenny said the crisis was slow-moving and it was hard to know what would be hit next . The United States has already provided civilian relief resources , including water pumps , water purifiers and life vests , she said , and two U.S. helicopters are helping the Thai military determine the extent of the flooding . The floods , caused by monsoon rains that saturated rivers , have killed 373 people nationwide and affected more than 9.5 million people , authorities said . Are you there ? Share photos , video but stay safe The government has called the flooding the worst to afflict the nation in half a century and said it might take more than a month before the waters recede from some areas . The government has set up more than 1,700 shelters nationwide , and more than 113,000 people have taken refuge in them . Overall damage from the floods could exceed $ 6 billion , the Thai Finance Ministry said . CNN 's Sara Sidner , Aliza Kassim and Elizabeth Yuan contributed to this report . Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok and Moni Basu from Atlanta	NEW : High tide sends water pouring into Bangkok 's Chinatown area The prime minister says Bangkok is entering a critical stage A holiday was declared so that residents could flee to safer ground Flooding has killed 373 people and affected more than 9.5 million
CNN  Dolce & Gabbana went familial for fall at its fashion show in Milan on Sunday , dedicating its collection to "  mamma " with nary a pair of "  mom jeans " in sight . Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana , who are behind the Italian brand , sent models down the runway in decidedly feminine dresses and skirts adorned with roses , lace and even embroidered doodles by the designers ' own nieces and nephews . Many of the looks featured saccharine needlework phrases like "  I love you , mamma " and "  Per la mamma più bella del mondo "  for the most beautiful mother in the world  as a tableau vivant of moms and daughters stood and posed as a backdrop for the runway . Even the usually stoic-faced front row could n't help but applaud and smile as a few models carried their own high-fashion progeny down the runway .	Dolce & Gabbana dedicated their fall fashion show to moms Some of the models carried their own babies down the runway
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- Three people were killed when a parked car rigged with explosives blew up Saturday in Najaf on the eve of parliamentary elections , the Interior Ministry said . At least 54 others -- 17 Iraqis and 37 Iranians -- were injured in the attack near the Imam Ali Holy Shrine , which houses the tomb of Ali , cousin of the Prophet Mohammed . Two of the dead were Iranians , the interior official said . Najaf , about 100 miles  160 kilometers  south of Baghdad , is frequented by Shiite pilgrims from Iran . Iraqis will go to the polls Sunday to choose a 325-member parliament . The election has been marred by violence despite heavy security . It is Iraq 's fifth nationwide vote since 2003 , but only the second for a full four-year-term parliament . Three attacks happened Thursday during early voting for those who will be unable to cast ballots Sunday , such as military and security personnel , detainees , hospital staff , and patients . A total of 12 people were killed and dozens were wounded . There have been warnings of further insurgent attacks around the vote . These are Iraq 's first national elections since 2005 , when the Sunni Arab population boycotted the elections and the political process . A Shiite-led government emerged and the Sunnis , feeling disenfranchised , went on to form the main part of the insurgency . The United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq calls the elections an "  important milestone in Iraq 's democratic progress , " serving to strengthen the country 's sovereignty and independence as the United States draws down its military presence there . Sunday 's elections were supposed to happen in January but were delayed because of political disagreements and a delay in passing the election law that paved the way for this vote . There are 18.9 million eligible voters , casting ballots for 325 seats in the Council of Representatives , as Iraq 's parliament is called . The seats represent Iraq 's 18 provinces . At least a quarter of the positions -- 82 -- are guaranteed to go to women , and eight more have been allocated for minorities . They include five set aside for Christians and one each for the Shabak , Sabaeans  Mandaeans  , and Yazidis . The number of seats is increasing from the previous 275 . Seat allocation was based on 2005 population data from the Ministry of Trade and adjusted for a 2.8 percent annual growth across all governates . Voting for Iraqis abroad also is happening in 16 countries starting Friday -- including the United States , United Kingdom , Turkey , Iran , Canada and others in the Middle East and Europe . There are no exact figures for those eligible to cast ballots abroad . Estimates on turnout have ranged anywhere from 300,000 to 3 million . Around 6,200 candidates from more than 80 political entities are vying for seats . It is the first parliamentary vote to use an open list , in which the voters vote for political entities and , if they want , also can vote for candidates within those entities , according to the U.N. Assistance Mission . Although open lists complicates the training of election staff and the counting of votes , the system enhances the role of the voter in the election beyond casting a vote simply for a political party , the assistance mission says . At least 25 percent of the candidates on the ballot list of each political entity must be women . The assistance mission is providing technical assistance to the Independent High Electoral Commission , which is organizing the vote . The commission has ordered that all political campaigning must end as of 7 a.m. Saturday . A number of other special measures are being put in place for security reasons . Since Monday , there has been a ban on motorcycles and bicycles in Baghdad until further notice , and on Sunday a two-day ban on any vehicles in cities will begin , Iraqi authorities announced on state television . Provincial borders will be sealed , preventing movements between provinces , from Saturday to Monday . And international borders and all airports will be shut from midnight Saturday . A curfew will be in place in cities from midnight to 5 a.m. on Saturday , Sunday and Monday , officials said . Civilians may not carry weapons on those days , they said . More than 47,000 polling stations will be open across the country , each one able to accept a maximum number of 420 voters . Polling stations are clustered into polling centers . Polls will be open from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. All those in line at the time the polls are open will be able to vote . About 300,000 trained election staff -- mostly teachers , principals , and lawyers -- will be on hand at polling sites . There will be more than 494,000 local and international observers , according to the Independent High Electoral Commission . The number includes about 500 to 600 international observers , according to the United Nations . Voter turnout figures should be available shortly after polls close , and preliminary results are expected by Tuesday or Wednesday , the United Nations said . Results will start emerging for each province as soon as 30 percent of polling centers in that province are tallied . Counting will take place at the polling stations at the end of voting , under the gaze of observers . Ballots will be counted twice to ensure accuracy . The number of ballots cast will be reconciled with the number of ballots issued to each polling station , and in case of a significant discrepancy , the station will be audited . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Explosion near Imam Ali Holy Shrine kills 3 on day before parliamentary elections Seats in the 325-member parliament are up for grabs Elections were supposed to be in January but were delayed by political disagreements 18.9 million people are eligible to vote , and will choose from about 6,200 candidates
San Diego  CNN  -- Kidnapping and murder suspect James DiMaggio , sought in a national manhunt , may be armed with improvised explosives or may have rigged his car with them , San Diego County Sheriff 's Department spokeswoman Jan Caldwell said Thursday . "  Working on the theory that he abandoned the car , we think there is a possibility that the car might be rigged , " Caldwell said . "  So we want to put out there for civilian safety , for officer safety , if you see the car , do not approach it but call law enforcement . " Authorities made the announcement as they search for DiMaggio , who is suspected of abducting as many as two children after killing their mother in a fire . On Wednesday night , Nevada became the fourth state to issue an Amber Alert for the suspected child kidnapper . California , Oregon and Washington also issued the high alert . DiMaggio enjoyed camping and hiking , so "  there is a possibility he could be hunkered down somewhere in a rural area -- not just in southern California but anywhere up and down the state , the Northwest , Canada and down in Mexico , " Caldwell said . Meanwhile , DiMaggio was described as being so close to the family whose life he allegedly turned upside down that he was considered part of it . DiMaggio came into the lives of Brett and Christina Anderson months before their daughter Hannah , now 16 , was born . "  He basically became part of our family , " Brett Anderson told CNN 's Chris Cuomo on Thursday . Now , there is a nationwide manhunt for DiMaggio , who is suspected of kidnapping Hannah Anderson and possibly her brother Ethan , 8 . DiMaggio was such good friends with the family that Brett Anderson ca n't reconcile the man he knows with the crimes he is suspected of . "  I have been through every scenario in my brain , " Brett Anderson said . "  There was nothing ever to show any indication of this . " DiMaggio joined the family on camp-outs and was always friendly toward them , he said . "  I ca n't fathom what happened in Jim 's head . He obviously just lost it , " Brett Anderson said . "  You 've taken everything , " the father pleaded to DiMaggio in the interview . "  The damage is done . Just let my daughter go , Let her go home safe , let her be with me and try to mend things from there . " Police seek public help in manhunt Authorities are counting on the public for clues that may lead them to DiMaggio , 40 . "  We 've got law enforcement agencies across the country looking for them and following up on tips that are being called in , " San Diego County Sheriff 's Department Lt. Glenn Giannantonio told CNN on Thursday . "  We 've received numerous tips , I 'd say probably well over 100 , possibly hundreds of tips from across the country . Every tip that can be followed up on has been followed up on or is currently being followed up on . " On Wednesday , an Amber Alert was issued in Oregon for Hannah and Ethan . The alert was broadcast after a possible sighting of a vehicle wanted in connection with the case , Oregon police said . San Diego police later said that tip did n't pan out , though Oregon state police said they had n't heard that . Why more Amber alerts will be waking you up An arrest warrant for murder has been issued for DiMaggio . In the event of his arrest , a judge has signed off on a $ 1 million bond , said San Diego County Superior Court spokeswoman Karen Dalton . Remains found after house fire Also found in the DiMaggio 's burned home were charred human remains consistent with those of an 8-year-old child , Giannantonio said . The remains were so badly burned that carrying out a DNA test is proving difficult , he said . It is possible that the remains are those of Ethan , but until there is a positive identification , the sheriff 's office is treating him as a missing person . There have been some hints that DiMaggio was traveling to certain areas , but nothing has panned out , Giannantonio said . "  He could be anywhere at this point , " he said . Brett Anderson said that when he heard that a body was found in DiMaggio 's burned-down house , he thought it was DiMaggio who had perished and was sad for him . "  Things just downward spiraled from there , " he said . DiMaggio was the owner and sole resident of the burned home where Christina Anderson 's body and the remains of the child were found . One witness said that DiMaggio had a crush on Hannah , but evidence to corroborate that has not yet surfaced , Giannantonio said . Opinion : Missing persons could be just next door The remains of Anderson , of Lakeside , California , were found while firefighters extinguished a blaze that broke out at DiMaggio 's home in the enclave of Boulevard around 8 p.m. Sunday . Authorities believe she was killed . Her mother , Sara Britt , said Christina Anderson was 44 years old , not 42 as earlier reported . Hannah Anderson was last seen at 3 p.m. Saturday at cheerleading practice , according to Britt and her other daughter , Jennifer Willis . Ethan was supposed to be at football practice at 8 a.m. Sunday but never showed , the two relatives said . Ex-wife : Suspect did n't seem violent DiMaggio 's former wife , who was married to him for only six months , said he did n't show any violent tendencies during that period , but instead was a "  nerdy " guy who showed a keen interest in video games , in particular , the game "  Everquest . " "  I would complain about the virtual reality game he would play all night . It was ridiculous . It was consuming him . It was addictive , " the ex-wife , who wished to remain anonymous , told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  He is not a materialistic person , and he 's very resourceful , " she said . The suspect 's ex-wife added that she did not believe there was a romantic relationship between DiMaggio and the slain woman , describing their relationship as a "  brother-sister type of deal . " California authorities also issued an Amber Alert . Once they did , information was distributed to residents ' cell phones statewide through the Wireless Emergency Alert program , according to the California Highway Patrol . The wireless program was instituted in December 2012 , and this was the first time it had been used statewide , Highway Patrol public information officer Erin Komatsubara told HLN . On HLN 's "  Raising America " on Tuesday , the children 's aunt , Andrea Saincome , said that DiMaggio had known the family for years and that it would not have been unusual for the mother and children to be at his house . "  There was nothing out of the ordinary , " Saincome told HLN 's Christi Paul . "  He seemed like a genuinely nice guy . He was close to the kids , and he was friends with my sister and my brother-in-law . " Suspect linked to blue four-door car The sheriff 's office released several photos of DiMaggio , and Giannantonio said he was believed to be driving a blue , four-door Nissan Versa with California license plate 6WCU986 . However , he might have switched vehicles , taken public transportation or be hunkered down somewhere , Giannantonio said . He asked for the public 's help , as did San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore . "  We need all the eyes and ears out there we can get in trying to find both DiMaggio and hopefully those two kids , " the sheriff said . "  Citizens should not try to interfere with this person at all . He 's already proven he 's a pretty dangerous fella . " Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the San Diego County Sheriff 's Department Homicide Detail at 858-974-2321 or submit an anonymous tip to Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477 . CNN 's Miguel Marquez and HLN 's Katherine Cavazini contributed to this report . Paul Vercammen contributed from San Diego .	NEW : DiMaggio could be in rural area after possibly abandoning car rigged with explosives James DiMaggio is believed to have kidnapped a 16-year-old girl , possibly an 8-year-old boy Their mother 's body was found in DiMaggio 's burned-down house in San Diego There is a nationwide manhunt for the suspect ; police say he was the mother 's friend
CNN  -- The last remaining places for European football 's showpiece tournament will be decided on Tuesday when eight nations compete in the second leg of the Euro 2012 playoffs . Ten countries have already qualified , along with co-hosts Poland and Ukraine , for the four-yearly tournament taking place in June and July . The most evenly-poised tie is in Lisbon , where 2004 hosts Portugal take on Bosnia-Herzegovina following Friday 's 0-0 draw in Zenica . Turkey reached the semifinals in 2008 , but face an uphill struggle to appear at the 14th staging of the event after Croatia won 3-0 in the first leg in Istanbul . Montenegro , competing for the first time as an independent nation , will also have to overhaul a deficit at home after losing 2-0 in Prague to the Czech Republic -- who finished runners-up on debut in 1996 after the split with Slovakia . Estonia caused a surprise by reaching the playoffs after taking second place in Group C behind Italy , meaning 2010 World Cup qualifiers Serbia and Slovenia missed out . However , the East Europeans are unlikely to be included in the December 2 group-stage draw after losing 4-0 in Tallinn to the Republic of Ireland on Friday . The Irish have qualified for the finals only once , in 1988 . Next year will be the last time the tournament is played by 16 teams ahead of an expansion to 24 . World champions Spain will defend their European title , having qualified as group winners along with Germany , Russia , France , the Netherlands , Greece , England and Denmark . Sweden went through as the second-placed team with the best record .	The playoffs for Euro 2012 will be completed on Tuesday The second-leg ties will decide which final four countries will qualify Next year 's championship will be co-hosted by Poland and Ukraine Spain will defend their 2008 title from 16 other competing nations
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The wife of an Iranian pro-reformist activist detained as he tried to leave the country last week says she is "  deeply concerned " for his safety . Fatemah Shams and Mohammadreza Jalaeipour are students together at the University of Oxford . Fatemeh Shams told CNN she had n't heard from her husband Mohammadreza Jalaeipour since she watched him being escorted away after he was prevented from boarding a flight to Dubai on June 17 . Both are students at the University of Oxford and had been returning to the UK from Iran after attending a family wedding , just as demonstrations escalated following presidential elections earlier this month which have plunged Iran into political chaos . Shams said she and her 27-year-old husband -- both activists for the pro-reformist Third Wave campaign -- planned to leave Iran on June 17 . At first , everything appeared fine with Jalaeipour having his passport stamped as he passed through immigration . But he was then approached by a plain clothes official who told him to turn off his cellphone before ordering Jalaeipour to follow him . "  We did n't get a chance to talk to each other -- I was watching what was happening and that was the last time I saw him , " said Shams , 26 , who flew to the UK via Doha in Qatar . Watch Shams speak about her husband 's detention " Shams said she had n't heard directly from her husband since his arrest but believed he was being held in prison . "  It 's a very difficult mental situation for me to understand what is going on and I am deeply concerned about his health and safety , " she told CNN . Both Jalaeipour and Shams were members of the organizing committee of the Third Wave campaign , a reformist youth movement formed last year to back former president Mohammad Khatami 's candidacy in this year 's election . Following Khatami 's withdrawal from contention , the Third Wave threw its support behind Mir Hossein Moussavi , who has disputed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's re-election , claiming that voting was rigged . In a recent interview with the Wall Street Journal Jalaeipour said he had advised Moussavi on using social-networking Web sites , such as Facebook , to reach young voters . "  Third Wave was a totally legal campaign with reformist tendencies that was trying to get young people involved in the elections , " said Shams . "  We believed we should take part to make our country better and to have a better future . We were encouraging young people to not be indifferent about their country . " Shams said she thinks he may have been detained because of his political activities . "  Most of the activists who have been supporting the reformist candidate , all of them are in prison now . Why should the young people who want to do something for the sake of their country and their people , why are they in prison now ? " Shams said she planned to return to Iran herself if there was no change in her husband 's situation in the next week or so . But she but admitted her own safety could not be guaranteed if she went back . Following more than a week of daily demonstrations in Tehran , Iranian security forces have been cracking down on protests and arresting activists including Ebrahim Yazdi , a former deputy prime minister who headed a group supporting increased freedom and democracy . Yazdi , who is 76 and has suffered prostate cancer , was later released . Moussavi and former president Khatami have sent a letter to Iran 's courts urging them to release arrested activists and protesters .	Iranian activist detained at airport as he tried to leave country Wife says she is deeply concerned for Mohammadreza Jalaeipour 's safety Fatemeh Shams says she has n't heard from Jalaeipour since his arrest Couple are both activists for pro-Moussavi Third Wave campaign
CNN  -- A judge sentenced a former Peace Corps volunteer to 15 years in prison for abusing girls under the age of 6 in South Africa while he was a volunteer there , federal officials said . The sentencing was announced Thursday in a statement from U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Jesse Osmun , 33 , of Milford , Connecticut , joined the Peace Corps in 2010 and worked in a nongovernmental organization 's AIDS center for children whose families had suffered or died from the disease , his attorney , Richard Meehan , Jr. , told CNN Thursday . Osmun volunteered as a Web designer for the center and worked with older children in a "  scout " program . While there , Osmun engaged in sexual acts with four girls , all under the age of 6 , officials said . One girl was abused twice a week over the course of approximately five months , authorities said . Peace Corps volunteer charged with sexual abuse of children in Africa "  The way that the government has framed the case is that a teacher walked into a room that  Osmun  was in with three little girls , " Meehan said . The teacher noticed that Osmun quickly zipped his pants and , after questioning one of the girls , the teacher found that he had exposed himself and asked them to touch him . When the program director of the NGO confronted him with these allegations , Osmun confessed to being involved with the four little girls , saying that he had touched them and asked them to touch him in exchange for candy , his attorney said . Osmun resigned from the Peace Corps and returned to the United States . The U.S. Peace Corps has called Osmun 's acts "  reprehensible . " The organization was notified about the allegations against him after he returned to the United States , and it immediately contacted authorities , the Peace Corps said in a statement . Special agents from ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations  HSI  directorate then worked with members of the South African Police Service and Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation to launch an investigation that resulted in Osmun 's arrest on August 4 , 2011 , officials said . Osmun was sentenced Wednesday to 180 months in a U.S. prison , followed by 10 years of supervised release . David Fein , U.S. attorney for the District of Connecticut , congratulated all investigative parties in a statement . "  Their collaborative efforts , and this strict sentence , have stopped this child predator , " he said . The Peace Corps donated $ 20,000 to a fund that Osmun 's family started for his victims . "  The Peace Corps is committed to ensuring that the children affected by these crimes receive proper care and treatment , " Peace Corps Director Aaron Williams said . "  As this sentence clearly demonstrates , there will be no refuge for U.S. citizens who believe that they may victimize children outside the United States , " said Peter Vincent , director of HSI 's Office of International Affairs . "  No place is too distant or too remote to escape the attention of law enforcement . " Osmun 's attorney noted that his client gave a full confession and cooperated with the court to spare the victims the trauma of a trial . Meehan attributed these actions to the judge giving Osmun a lower sentence than was recommended .	Jesse Osmun , 33 , of Connecticut worked at a center for orphans in South Africa While there , he engaged in sexual acts with four girls , all under the age of 6 , officials say When confronted with the allegations , Osmun confessed , his attorney says The Peace Corps has donated to a fund that Osmun 's family set up to help his victims
CNN  -- A tourist boat with more than 30 people on board overturned on the Delaware River at Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Wednesday after it was hit by a barge , Philadelphia police and the Coast Guard said . "  We confirmed that there were 37 people on board , 35 passengers and two crew . As of right now we have confirmed that 35 people have been recovered . There are two people missing , " said David Umberger , the Coast Guard 's civilian search and rescue controller for the area , shortly after the accident . The two missing people are a 16-year-old female and a 20-year-old male , Lt. Frank Vanore of the Philadelphia Police Department told reporters later Wednesday afternoon . Vanore said that the boat had "  mechanical trouble " and the engine shut down after a fire on board . While the boat was in the river and waiting for help , it was hit by a barge , he said . The National Transportation Safety Board said Wednesday night it had sent an investigative team to the scene . The Coast Guard 's Umberger said the search was continuing for the missing . "  We have all of our port partners engaged in that search-and-rescue case , including the state police , Philly police , fire department , good samaritans and the Coast Guard , " he said . Deputy Commissioner William Blackburn of the Philadelphia police told CNN that searchers located the boat in about 50 feet of murky water but it was too dangerous to send divers down . The boat is upright on the bottom of the river , Blackburn said , adding that it has been marked by a buoy and divers will be sent down when it is deemed safe . One area hospital , Hahnemann University Hospital , reported eight patients -- two adults , three children , three teenagers -- were brought in after the incident . Two other passengers on the boat also were taken to the hospital but declined treatment , Hahnemann Hospital spokeswoman Coleen Cannon said . Of the eight patients , one adult and two children were discharged a few hours after the incident , she said . CNN 's Vivienne Foley , Susan Candiotti , Steve Kastenbaum , Brian Vitagliano and Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	NEW : NTSB launches investigation into boat accident Teenage girl , 20-year-old man missing after accident Police said boat had mechanical trouble , engine shut down , barge hit it Thirty-five of 37 passengers and crew rescue
CNN  -- Paula Kahumbu initially opted for a career in wildlife conservation so she would n't have to deal with people . But working with wild animals in her native Kenya has taught her that it is near impossible to prevent some vulnerable species coming into contact with human communities -- often with damaging consequences . As executive director of the Kenya Land Conservation Trust and chairman of the Friends of Nairobi National Park , Kahumbu now aims to reduce people-wildlife conflicts arising from these scenarios . "  Africa is the only continent remaining on this planet that still has its full diversity of large mammals , " she says . "  We ca n't afford to lose it . We 've always been able to co-exist with wildlife . " See also : Uneasy truce between Maasai and nature In some parts of the rural Kenya however the durability of this ancient cohabitation has been tested in recent times . Lions have become a particular problem for farm owners and Maasai tribes , with whom they share the country 's vast savannahs , often preying on valuable livestock . This has led many farmers and rural communities to take matters into their own hands , in some cases killing whole prides they perceive as a threat . The use of pesticides such as Furadan -- a tablespoon of which costs less than a dollar and is enough to kill a lion -- has become a particularly ruthless way of doing so . "  Kenyan lions have reduced from about 15,000 about 15 years ago to fewer than 2,000 now , " explains Kahumbu . Read related : ` Green Nobel ' fights to save Africa 's rainforests "  And we know that probably 50 percent of that is attributable directly to the use of pesticides . " Through dialogue and education programs , Kahumbu is aiming to end these practices . She hopes to show rural communities how they can coexist and even benefit from their proximity to lions . "  In many parts of Maasai land now what we have are programs where people are rewarded for protecting wildlife . They are rewarded for keeping land open . " "  They are trained so that they can participate in conservation . And they are given opportunities to get investors to come in and work with them . I really think that is the solution . " See also : Last of the bush trackers A constructive and respectful dialogue with communities is highlighted by Kahumbu as a key factor in achieving these aims . But it 's not just the human population who have been the focus of her organization 's educational efforts . The Princeton University graduate is also working to train wild lions so they know not attack livestock . She admits such a tactic may sound bizarre but believes it is essential to safeguard the big cat 's future in Kenya . "  Lions are very , very intelligent animals . The reason why lions do n't prey on certain livestock in certain places is because they get hammered  if they do  . " "  There are ways that you can punish lions - and one of them is that you can put rock salt into a shot gun and shoot at them . It 's not going to injure them or kill them but it hurts like hell . They 're not going to come back because they do n't want to have that pain again . " Kahumbu speaks with a passionate conviction on the benefits these training programs have brought . Yet with more than 75 percent of Kenya 's wildlife inhabiting land outside of government protected areas , she admits there is only so much they can achieve on their own . It was for this reason that in 2007 she decided to join Wildlifedirect , a bloggers network which connects conservationists and publicizes conservation work across the world . She has since taken over as the website 's chief executive and its popularity has soared . "  Initially all we were doing is raising money - it was every blogger for himself . And what we noticed , what I noticed , very early on is that many of the bloggers were telling the same story . " This observation helped Kahumbu grasp that the blog platform could be used as a network tool for conservationists , helping them stay in touch as well as share their research . "  All of the bloggers who were online on other predators  such as crocodiles , jackals and birds  are now sharing each other 's technology and learning from each other and exchanging , " she says . See also : Beauty trumps beast in conservation efforts The power of communication emphasized by these exchanges has since acted as an inspiration for Kahumbu 's latest conservation project -- the creation of recorded oral history of Kenya 's biodiversity . "  In my work , especially working with the local communities who are dealing with wildlife on a daily basis - I have been reminded constantly  that  most of the knowledge is maintained in the minds of the elders , " she says . "  I hear these people lamenting that old stories are now gone and nobody can tell them . Those elders are not literate - they ca n't record their stories . " By filming conversations with older tribes people and storing them on the internet , Kahumbu aims to keep this cultural knowledge and experience alive . She also hopes a new generation of rural Kenyan 's will gain a historic perspective on how to live alongside animals such as lions . "  All they  young people  see about wildlife is killing livestock or destroying property , " she says . "  But  through these stories , children are able to actually discover this incredible culture and biodiversity that we have in Kenya and across Africa , " she says .	Paula Kahumbu is a Kenyan conservationist aiming to reduce human-wildlife conflict Lion populations in Kenya have fallen drastically in the last 15 years Kahumbu is training lions and educating humans to get along better
CNN  -- Add Martina McBride and 38 Special to the list of musical acts canceling SeaWorld shows because of issues raised in the documentary "  Blackfish . " "  I 've decided that given all the issues that have been aired recently , the time is n't right for me to play at Seaworld , " the singer posted on her Facebook page over the weekend . "  I have canceled my scheduled performance at the Bands , Blues & BBQ event in March 2014 . " The announcement makes her at least the seventh to drop out . The southern rock band 38 Special quickly followed with this Facebook posting : "  Due to concerns raised by the CNN documentary ` Blackfish , ' 38 Special will be canceling its scheduled March 9th concert at Seaworld . We appreciate the outpouring of support and especially apologize to our Orlando fans . We will try and schedule another performance in your area in the near future . " REO Speedwagon announced its cancellation on Friday . A promoter could put together a whale of a concert series with the acts that have canceled SeaWorld shows in the past several weeks , including Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , Heart and Barenaked Ladies . The acts bailed on the Orlando theme park 's concert series amid pressure from fans who started online petitions and took to social media . Only Justin Moore and Scotty McCreery remain from the original list of acts on the event calendar . Their representatives have not responded to CNN 's repeated requests for comment . The fans became upset after watching the documentary "  Blackfish , " which first aired on CNN in October . The film tells the story of the killing in 2010 of a SeaWorld trainer by an orca . It raises questions about the safety and humaneness of keeping killer whales in captivity . SeaWorld confirmed the REO Speedwagon withdrawal Friday and referred CNN to its previous statements about the cancellations . "  We expect that other artists will be targeted in this campaign , " SeaWorld spokesman Nick Gollattscheck told CNN in consecutive statements Wednesday and Thursday , starting with Cheap Trick 's cancellation . Joan Jett to SeaWorld : Stop rockin ' the whales The park 's six-week concert schedule has disappeared from SeaWorld 's website . It now simply promises "  incredible concerts with top artists in classic rock and country music . " SeaWorld is working to book replacement acts , Gollattscheck said . "  We 'll announce the full lineup of bands when all artists have been confirmed . We 'll repost the schedule on our site then . " ` Blackfish ' sparks debate over taking kids to animal parks The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies was the first to cancel , reacting to a petition posted on Change.org . "  This is a complicated issue , and we do n't claim to understand all of it , but we do n't feel comfortable proceeding with the gig at this time , " the band said on its Facebook page . "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Willie Nelson said on December 6 when he canceled . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " Sisters Nancy and Ann Wilson of Heart did not elaborate last week when they announced their decision to cancel at SeaWorld , although they acknowledged it was "  due to the controversial documentary film . " "  We 're disappointed a small group of misinformed individuals was able to deny fans what would have been great concerts at SeaWorld , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld said it would like the musical artists to learn for themselves about SeaWorld . "  The bands and artists have a standing invitation to visit any of our parks to see firsthand or to speak to any of our animal experts to learn for themselves how we care for animals and how little truth there is to the allegations made by animal extremist groups opposed to the zoological display of marine mammals , " Gollattscheck said . SeaWorld says the documentary ignores the park 's conservation efforts and research . Filmmaker : Why I made ` Blackfish '	NEW : 38 Special is the 8th act to announce a SeaWorld cancellation Martina McBride cites "  all the issues that have been aired recently " in her announcement Trisha Yearwood , Willie Nelson , Cheap Trick , others already canceled Online campaign asks acts to ditch SeaWorld after airing of "  Blackfish " film
CNN  -- Phil Mickelson is making a habit of setting pulses racing with inspired birdie filled charges this year and Friday was no exception on the TPC Boston . ` Lefty ' completed his first nine holes in a mere 28 shots to put the world 's media on 59 alert again before closing with an eight-under 63 for the early lead at the Deutsche Bank Championship . Two bogeys coming home on the front nine , he started on the 10th tee , scuppered the hopes of headline writers , but he did mix that with a superb eagle on the second , nearly holing his approach for an albatross . Playing his last hole , the 43-year-old American need a birdie to equal the course record 61 of Mike Weir back in 2008 , but instead made a five for an anti climactic ending after finding trouble off the tee . Nonetheless he had outplayed playing partners Tiger Woods , who is still well placed after a 68 and Masters champion Adam Scott , winner of the Barclays last week , but struggling to an opening 73 . Mickelson , who carded seven birdies in his first nine holes , said he always knew it would be a little tougher on the next nine . "  I still felt I could have shot three or four under  for that nine  , but I was n't too worried about shooting 59 , " he told the official PGA Tour website . Englishman Brian Davis later matched Mickelson 's eight-under effort to leave them one clear of in-form Kevin Stadler in the second tournament of the money spinning FedEx Cup . Earlier this season , Mickelson narrowly missed a birdie putt on the last green as he opened with a 60 at the Phoenix Open , going on to win the tournament by four shots . And in testing final round conditions at Muirfield , Mickelson conjured up four birdies in the last six holes to claim the British Open title for the first time . It was the fifth major of his career and he admitted afterwards probably the most satisfying , particularly after having to settle for his sixth runner-up spot at the preceding U.S. Open won by Justin Rose . Defending champion Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland admitted to "  silly mistakes " after opening with a one-under 70 , looking to kick start a disappointing season after his heroics of 2012 . Meanwhile , lowly ranked Welshman Liam Bond was the surprise leader of the Wales Open at halfway Friday . Ranked 1,528 th in the world , 43-year-old only received a late invite to the $ 1.8 million event and has carded rounds of 69 and 68 to move to five-under . First round leader Espen Kofstad of Norway and South African Tjaart van der Walt were next on four under with European Ryder Cup captain Paul McGinley also in the hunt after a 69 for three-under .	Phil Mickelson takes early lead at Deutche Bank with eight under 63 Cards eight birdies and an eagle on the TPC Boston Tiger Woods opens with three under 68 in same group as Mickelson Brian Davis of England matches Mickelson from afternoon starters
CNN  -- Florida 's decision this week to shun federal funding for high-speed rail has set off an auction house-like frenzy among some states hoping to get a bigger piece of the pie . Republican Florida Gov. Rick Scott said he rejected the rail funds because the risks outweighed the benefits , citing the projected costs to state taxpayers and "  overly optimistic " ridership and revenue projections . The plan "  would likely result in ongoing subsidies that state taxpayers would have to incur , " he said in a statement Wednesday . "  I was elected to get Floridians back to work and to change the way government does business in our state , " Scott said . With his rejection of the highly touted federal money , Scott joined two other Republican governors elected in November -- Wisconsin 's Scott Walker and Ohio 's John Kasich -- in turning down funds from the White House initiative for national high-speed rail . Florida was offered $ 2.4 billion to link Tampa and Orlando by rail . Florida officials had hoped the tracks would be the first of a three-part system that would connect the tourist destinations of Orlando , Tampa and Miami . The rail funds are part of the Obama administration 's American Recovery and Reinvestment Act High Speed Intercity Passenger Rail project , which the White House hopes will make high-speed rail accessible to 80 % of Americans by 2035 . The administration recently proposed $ 53 billion in additional spending on the national high-speed rail project . The plan represents a significant expansion of the $ 10.5 billion already allocated for high speed rail , including $ 8 billion in the 2009 economic stimulus package . Republicans have targeted billions of dollars in cuts from the current year 's budget , with high-speed rail one of the targets . Given the momentum the White House hoped to gain from the states ' cooperation , Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said he was "  extremely disappointed " in Scott 's refusal to take the funds . Immediately after Scott 's decision , state jockeying to take Florida 's share of rail funding began in full force -- including immediate overtures from Illinois , California and New York . U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , wrote LaHood acknowledging the more than $ 1.4 billion sent to Obama 's home state . "  But more can be done , " Durbin said . "  Illinois is ready and willing to put rail dollars to work if other states are not . In fact , the funding dedicated to Florida can accelerate completing other segments of the Chicago Hub high-speed network , " Durbin said . Democratic New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand also wrote to LaHood , imploring him to redirect the funds to New York . "  These investments will create jobs , spur economic development and continue to build on the growth of ridership we 've seen in recent years , " she said . "  You are keenly aware of the benefits that high-speed rail development would bring New York and the United States , which is why I respectfully request that these dismissed funds be re-appropriated to New York and the Northeast Corridor . " The stakes are high : In December , LaHood announced that 14 states would divvy up the $ 1.4 billion that Wisconsin and Ohio spurned , with California getting the lion 's share . Then-Gov . Arnold Schwarzenegger , a Republican , wrote to the Obama administration at the time : "  You are more than welcome to redirect that money to California . " This week , a California lawmaker acknowledged another potential windfall to the state . "  It 's a cloudy day in the Sunshine State , " Democratic Rep. John Garamendi of Walnut Grove said Wednesday . "  But Florida 's deep loss is likely to be California 's tremendous gain . We 're prepared to show the rest of the country what a modern transportation network looks like and will gladly invest every penny the federal government is willing to provide , " he said . On Friday , Maryland threw its hat in the ring . "  Maryland and the NEC  Northeast Corridor  would benefit greatly from receipt of the federal high-speed rail funds recently rejected by the governor of Florida , " Democratic Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said in a statement addressed to LaHood . In Florida , criticism of the governor 's move came from both sides of the political aisle . Some Republican lawmakers wondered if the governor 's actions could be sidestepped . "  I do n't know constitutionally speaking whether or not this can be rejected by the governor without the consent of the Legislature , " Republican State Sen. David Simmons told the Orlando Sentinel . Also , Florida Republican U.S. Rep. John Mica , chairman of the House Transportation Infrastructure Committee , and U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson , a Florida Democrat , said they would try to bypass the governor 's decision . Democratic Rep. Kathy Castor said Floridians could have used the appropriation to create jobs . The funds were originally sought by then-Gov . Charlie Crist , a Republican turned independent . "  Gov. Scott 's decision demonstrates a devastating lack of vision for Florida and a lack of understanding of our economic situation , " Castor said . "  The governor put his own rigid ideology ahead of the best interests of Florida 's businesses , workers and families . High-speed rail is projected to create thousands and thousands of jobs in our state . " The Obama administration has given Florida until February 25 to accept the transit funds , according to CNN affiliate WKMG in Orlando . Nelson said state officials were researching a plan to have a private metropolitan organization take oversight of the rail project without the governor . "  Looks like we are going to have to find another entity that would be something other than the state in order to channel the funds through , along with participation of the private companies that are bidding to build and to operate the high-speed rail , " Nelson said on his Youtube channel . "  We have the lawyers in the Department of Transportation that are now doing the research . "	Immediately after Florida Gov. Rick Scott 's decision , state jockeying for rail money began On Friday , Maryland threw its hat in the ring , following California , Illinois and New York Florida officials hope a bipartisan coalition can save Florida rail . Deadline is February 25
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Thousands of followers of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr rallied in Baghdad on Thursday to mark the sixth anniversary of the fall of Saddam Hussein 's regime . Demonstrators burn an American flag at a rally in Baghdad , Iraq , on Thursday . They rallied at Firdous Square , where Hussein 's statue was pulled down on April 9 , 2003 , shortly after the U.S. invasion of Iraq . The protesters carried Iraqi flags , religious banners and posters for al-Sadr . They chanted religious songs . Hazem al-Araji , a senior aide to the radical Shiite cleric , called on the Iraqi government to release all Sadrist detainees inside U.S. and Iraqi prisons . Watch rally fill Baghdad streets " "  Everyone shout out loud and let all those who live inside the Black Zone and Bush , the damned , hear our voices and release the Sadrist detainees immediately , " al-Araji said . He also called on President Obama to support Iraqis and remove U.S. troops from Iraq . One protester called on the "  occupation " to get out of Iraq and , at his urging , the crowd chanted "  down , down America . " Al-Araji also called on the protesters to shout out "  No no America , No no Israel , Yes yes Iraq . " Iraqi security forces closed off the surrounding streets and a number of the bridges during the rally , which al-Sadr announced on March 21 .	Protesters shout anti-U.S. slogans , chant religious songs Thousands of supporters of Muqtada al-Sadr rally in historic square Al-Sadr aide calls on Iraqi government to release all Sadrist detainees
CNN  -- It 's at least as welcome as a warm face towel or the ping of the seatbelt sign going off : A beautiful view as you land . A panel of travel editors , seasoned pilots and other industry experts has drawn up a shortlist of the world 's most scenic airport approaches for users of the private-jet charter firm PrivateFly.com to vote on . Any type of landing was eligible , from the approach over rooftops used by private craft at Amsterdam Schiphol , to the ultra-low , beach-shaving descent on the Caribbean island of St. Maarten and the dip past Manhattan 's skyscraper cluster when approaching New York 's JFK . One entry that stands out for topicality on this year 's shortlist : Sochi International Airport . "  What a spectacular arrival for the 2014 Winter Olympics , " recalls one fan on the site . "  You descend over the Black Sea , watching the city and Olympic Park unfold in front of you , with a beautiful mountain backdrop . " What the shortlist  a selection is shown in the gallery above  reveals is the human ingenuity for building airports almost anywhere , on land or on sea . Or in the case of Barra Airport , in the Scottish Outer Hebrides , somewhere in between -- the beach runway is submerged at high tide . Voting in the PrivateFly.com poll closes at the end of March .	Poll shortlists most impressive airport landings Views of cities , mountains and islands all figure Sochi -- the Winter Olympics city -- is one topical inclusion
CNN  -- Two additional homicide charges were announced Thursday against a suspected serial stabber who was trying to board an overseas flight when he was arrested , Michigan authorities said . Elias Abuelazam is a suspect in 18 stabbings in three states . Five of the attacks were fatal -- all of those in Genesee County , Michigan , said the county 's prosecutor , David Leyton . Four of the 18 attacks occurred in Ohio and Virginia . Abuelazam has been charged with homicide in three of the five deaths . Earlier , defense attorney Edwar Zeineh told CNN that he expected "  up to four new murder charges " to be announced Thursday . However , Leyton said Thursday that the remaining cases are still under investigation . "  There is a lot we have to comb through , " the prosecutor said . Previously , Abuelazam , 34 , faced one murder count , five counts of assault with intent to commit murder and one charge of malicious destruction of property -- all related to attacks in Michigan . The new charges stem from separate fatal stabbings of two Michigan men , one 43 and another 60 . In the first case , a witness identified Abuelazam as the stabber after seeing his photo on television , Leyton said . In the second , police obtained a search warrant for Abuelazam 's luggage after he boarded a plane in Louisville , Kentucky , that was bound for Atlanta , Georgia . He was arrested August 11 at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport , where he was set to board a flight to Israel , police said . Investigators found a pair of sneakers in his baggage with evidence of blood matching the DNA of the 60-year-old victim , Leyton said . Abuelazam was indicted last week by a grand jury in Toledo , Ohio , in the stabbing of a church janitor . Zeineh said he does not believe investigators have insurmountable proof against his client . "  I still feel strongly there is reasonable doubt based on my review of the evidence so far , " he said , without mentioning specifics . Abuelazam 's mother recently flew from Israel to Flint , Michigan , to see her son , and has made several jailhouse visits . "  Her presence there as a mom was to empower her son , " Zeineh said . "  She helped him gather his thoughts and be -LSB- a -RSB- productive member of his defense team . " The three-state string of attacks began in May and ended in August . Most of the stabbing victims were African-American . Federal officials have not provided a motive for the attacks . Leesburg , Virginia , Police Chief Joseph Price has said he believed the attacker was targeting African-Americans . Abuelazam is believed responsible for three attacks in Leesburg . If convicted in Michigan , Abuelazam could face life in prison without parole . The state does not have the death penalty . Authorities had Abuelazam in custody twice in a two-week stretch , both within hours of reports of stabbings , but he was released . Police said he had not been linked to the attacks at the time . Abuelazam was arrested August 5 after a traffic stop and July 29 for allegedly providing alcohol to a minor . He was fined $ 125 in July . In the traffic stop arrest , in Arlington , Virginia , police arrested Abuelazam after learning he had an outstanding warrant for assault . A knife and hammer were found in his car . Authorities now believe both weapons were used in the string of stabbings . One of the attacks took place in Virginia hours after Abuelazam was released . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	Two more homicide charges are filed against Abuelazam , who is jailed in Michigan He 's been linked to attacks in Michigan , Ohio and Virginia His attorney says investigators do not have strong enough evidence
CNN  -- Just one week after suffering an on-field cardiac arrest , soccer player Fabrice Muamba was able to watch most of his team Bolton 's emotional victory over English Premier League relegation rivals Blackburn Rovers on Saturday . "  The fact he was able to watch a large part of the game , given where we were a week ago , is great news , " Bolton manager Owen Coyle told the club 's website on Monday . "  He was pleased that his teammates won the match , although he fell back asleep when the score was 2-0 . " The 23-year-old midfielder 's heart stopped for 78 minutes following his collapse during the previous weekend 's FA Cup quarterfinal against Tottenham , which will be replayed on Tuesday following its initial abandonment at halftime . Bolton beat Blackburn 2-1 , boosting the club 's hopes of staying in the top division . Fans lay shirts outside the stadium showing their support for Muamba before the match , then inside they held up cards which spelled out his name and shirt number in a huge mosaic . His continued recovery has been described by the head of world football , FIFA president Sepp Blatter , as "  a miracle " and his plight has attracted international attention , with players across Europe taking to the field in t-shirts expressing support for the Kinshasa-born player . "  In the last 48 hours he is beginning to become aware of the global response , and he is overwhelmed by all the support , " Coyle said . "  His family continue to spend time with Fabrice and a couple of players will visit him over these next few days to represent the squad . He is still in intensive care and it 's important that he does n't have too many visitors as he continues his recovery , step by step . " The London Chest Hospital , where Muamba is being treated , confirmed that he is making progress . "  His condition is serious but stable , " it said in a joint statement with Bolton . "  He continues to make encouraging progress in his recovery . "  Over the weekend , he has been able to sit out of bed for a short time , watch television and has begun to eat . However , he will need to continue to be closely monitored by the medical team here for some time . " Born in what is now known as the Democratic Republic of Congo , Muamba came to the UK with his family in 1999 at the age of 11 and went on to captain England 's Under-21 team . He made his name at Birmingham before joining Bolton in 2008 .	Fabrice Muamba was able to watch some of Bolton 's 2-1 win against Blackburn The midfielder suffered a cardiac arrest during a match with Tottenham on March 17 Bolton manager says Muamba is becoming aware of the support he 's received Muamba is still in intensive care at a London hospital but is making progress
CNN  -- More than two dozen leaders of the American Outlaws Association motorcycle gang have been arrested and one was killed in a shootout during a wide-ranging roundup by federal authorities Tuesday . A federal grand jury in Virginia has indicted 27 members of the gang on charges that included attempted murder , kidnapping and assault , according to court documents unsealed Tuesday . Outlaws National President Jack Rosga and 26 others are named in a 12-count indictment that also lists robbery , extortion , witness intimidation , drug dealing , illegal gambling and weapons violations . One member of the motorcycle gang was killed in a shootout in Old Orchard , Maine , as authorities tried to execute an arrest warrant relating to the indictment , said Mike Campbell , spokesman for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives . Campbell said members of an ATF Special Response Team pulled up to a house in Old Orchard to arrest Thomas Mayne and Kenneth Chretien when shots were fired at them from the house . ATF agents returned fire , killing one person , Campbell said . Authorities did not release the name of the victim , but said that Chretien was taken into custody . The Outlaws are an organized criminal enterprise that involved itself in a number of illegal activities , the indictment states . "  Today 's arrests of the national president and leadership of the American Outlaws Association mark another aggressive attempt by the Department of Justice to dismantle what the indictment alleges to be a gang whose entire environment revolves around violence , " U.S. Attorney Neil MacBride said in a statement . Arrests were made in Wisconsin , Maine , Montana , North Carolina , Tennessee , South Carolina and Virginia . As many as 50 Outlaws were initially targeted in the raids , officials said . The acts of violence and conspiracy charges are related to the Outlaws ' efforts to gain territory from rival motorcycle gangs , most notably the Hells Angels . According to the Justice Department , the Outlaws have more than 1,700 members , who belong to 176 chapters in the United States and 12 foreign countries . The Outlaws are involved in the production , transportation and distribution of methamphetamine , cocaine and marijuana , according to the department . Among the examples mentioned in the indictment is a 2005 incident where members of the Outlaws struck a member of a rival motorcycle club with a vehicle . The rival member was thrown off his motorcycle and rendered unconscious . The Outlaws members removed the rival 's vest and left him there , according to the court document . Also mentioned in the indictment is the 2009 Outlaws assault of members of the Desperados Motorcycle Club in Virginia . According to the court document , Outlaws members planned an assault where they would send three of their smaller members into a bar occupied by the rival gang in an effort to lure them into a fight . Hidden inside and outside of the bar , other Outlaws members were ready to fight and threaten the Desperados with weapons . Police arrived at the scene and broke up the fight , the indictment states . CNN 's Carol Cratty and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Top leaders of American Outlaws Association arrested NEW : One member of motorcycle gang killed in shootout with authorities Indictment alleges group operates as a criminal organization Charges include attempted murder , kidnapping and assault
CNN  -- Iraqis in Diyala province sarcastically call it "  the whale . " A new report says a half-built prison in Khan Bani Saad , Iraq , will probably never be used . The "  skeletal , half-built " shell of a maximum-security prison in Khan Bani Saad "  will probably never house an inmate " even though the United States spent $ 40 million on the now-halted $ 73 million project . Marred by "  poor security and weak subcontractor performance , " the project is among several examples of Iraqi rebuilding problems cited in a just-published history by the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction . Titled "  Hard Lessons : The Iraq Reconstruction Experience , " the report says the massive reconstruction initiative was marked by waste and failures caused by "  blinkered and disjointed " pre-war planning -- and was pursued amid deteriorating security . "  Why was an extensive rebuilding plan carried out in a gravely unstable security environment ? asked Stuart W. Bowen Jr. , the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction , whose oversight jurisdiction covers $ 50 billion in U.S. funds appropriated by Congress for Iraq . "  This question underscores an overarching hard lesson from Iraq : Beware of pursuing large-scale reconstruction programs while significant conflict continues . " The report , released Monday , comes at a much less violent stage of the Iraqi conflict . The peaceful provincial elections across the nation Saturday reflected strides in political reconciliation and improvements in the performance of Iraqi security forces . But American commanders continually warn that the security gains are fragile and could be undermined by insurgents . The report says the U.S. government "  had neither the established structure nor the necessary resources to carry out the reconstruction mission it took on in mid-2003 . " It weaves interviews , facts and vignettes detailing the use of a "  sea of taxpayer dollars " from mid-2002 through autumn 2008 . "  Hard Lessons " also looks to the future . It stresses the importance of developing "  an agreed-upon doctrine and structure " for reconstruction "  so that the United States is ready when it next must intervene in a failed or failing state . " The first of several principles mentioned for such operations : "  Security is necessary for large-scale reconstruction to succeed . " After U.S. forces toppled the Saddam Hussein regime in 2003 , it was "  unprepared and ill-equipped to deal with what came next : a ` post-conflict ' environment torn by violence , looters , criminals , a nascent insurgency ; a governmental system in a state of complete collapse ; and an economy that had slipped into idle and then switched off . " The raging Iraqi insurgency , crime and sectarian fighting "  informed and complicated every decision " in funding such tasks as infrastructure building , security force development , job creation , economic reform and governance . "  The U.S. reconstruction management structure was overwhelmed by the challenges of building in a war zone , " the report said . The program was marked by frequent changes in reconstruction strategy , "  turbulence " caused by personnel turnover and "  poor integration " of work by various U.S. government agencies . This was the result of "  weak unity of command and inconsistent unity of effort . " A lack of "  interagency debate " took its toll when the U.S.-led Coalition Provincial Authority administered Iraq from May 2003 to June 2004 . The report cites the agency 's "  momentous orders " of disbanding Iraq 's military and removing members of Saddam 's ruling Baath party from top government positions , a process called de-Baathification . "  Had these issues been fully discussed by the war Cabinet and within the CPA , the United States might have acted differently . Instead , the U.S. rebuilding program was left to deal with the instant loss of many of the Iraqi technocrats it would later need . "  It also had to build entirely new Iraqi security forces , a task that would ultimately consume more than half of all U.S.-appropriated reconstruction dollars , " the report said . Through "  trial and error , " the reconstruction program matured under successive U.S. ambassadors to Iraq John Negroponte , Zalmay Khalilzad and Ryan Crocker , and the U.S.-led "  surge " and its "  complementary civilian effort " led to a "  new era " -- security strides and "  a more secure reconstruction environment . " And reconstruction became "  more Iraqi-driven and Iraqi-funded " than it had been in 2003 . Although there has been progress , "  the United States still struggled in late 2008 to make Iraq 's reconstruction a success . " The program generally met its goals in developing the Iraqi security forces , but did not do so "  on the infrastructure front , " the report concluded . Electricity and oil output are lower than the goals set five years ago by the CPA . "  Successful project completions in the key water and health sectors fell far short of hopes , " the report said . There were "  egregious examples of fraud , " but the amounts represented a small percentage of the overall reconstruction efforts , and the number of those "  involved was relatively low . " However , the waste "  grossly overburdened " the program . "  The overuse of cost-plus contracts , high contractor overhead expenses , excessive contractor award fees , and unacceptable program and project delays all contributed to a significant waste of taxpayers ' dollars , " the report said . The report gives examples of waste , including the Khan Bani Saad prison project , which it describes as "  perhaps the single greatest project failure in the U.S. reconstruction program . " Bowen , who has been special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction since October 2004 , previously served as the CPA 's inspector general . He has had a longtime association with former President George W. Bush , serving in several capacities under his presidency , the Bush-Cheney transition team and Texas governorship .	New report cites failures in massive Iraq reconstruction initiative Shortcomings largely caused by waste and poor pre-war planning , report says Report says violence in country posed huge barrier to reconstruction projects U.S.-led "  surge " helped usher in more successful era , report says
CNN  -- French peacekeepers in war-torn Ivory Coast were in control of the airport in the main city of Abidjan , the French Ministry of Defense said Sunday , as a battle for the city seemed to be looming . An additional 350 French troops joined the United Nations peacekeeping mission overnight , the ministry added . There were about 7,500 troops already in the country under the U.N. mandate . United Nations helicopters and French forces patrolled the skies over the city , as a tense calm reigned Sunday morning , a local resident told CNN . The uneasy peace came in the wake of claims of a massacre as fighters backing internationally recognized President Alassane Ouattara battle forces loyal to Laurent Gbagbo , who refuses to leave office . Foreign journalists reported being targeted and scrutinized . A group of journalists from the French TV channel France 2 were fired on by Gbagbo 's forces when they tried to leave the Novotel hotel in Abidjan , according to the channel and two journalists who , to protect their security , did not want their names used . Since then , Gbagbo forces have been patrolling the hotel premises , preventing foreign journalists staying there from leaving , the sources said . One resident , whom CNN is not naming to protect his safety , said he had been to church as usual , where another parishioner said he had seen dead bodies by the road on his way to the congregation . A journalist in the city said many people were afraid to leave their homes , but were being forced to venture out to get water . Seyi Rhodes , who is staying at a hotel in Abidjan , said people were risking being shot in order to get to a water pump near the hotel . He saw French journalists come under fire , as they drove through the city , he said . Much of the city has no electricity , he added , calling it "  a really crude tactic to get people out on the streets . " The United Nations moved about 200 personnel within the country for their own safety , as the situation got worse , spokesman Nick Birnback said Sunday . "  Peacekeepers and staff have been attacked over the last few days , we 've taken some casualties , and we are doing everything we can do to guarantee security as best as possible . The situation is deteriorating and is getting worse , " he said . CNN iReport : Displaced victims of fighting in Duekoue , Ivory Coast U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demanded Sunday that Gbagbo step aside immediately . "  Gbagbo is pushing Cote d'Ivoire into lawlessness , " she said , using the French name for the country . "  He must leave now so the conflict may end . " She also called "  on the forces of President Ouattara to respect the rules of war and stop attacks on civilians . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague on Sunday said Britain renewed "  our call for Gbagbo to get out , which would stop this violence , " and raised the possibility of International Criminal Court prosecutions stemming from the conflict . French President Nicolas Sarkozy met with U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and requested the full implementation of a Security Council resolution , adopted last week , that calls on Gbagbo to step aside immediately , Sarkozy 's office said . A French plane evacuated about 170 foreigners from Abidjan to Dakar , Senegal , according to Col. Thierry Burkhard of the French Ministry of Defense . The International Crisis Group called for an immediate cease-fire on both sides and more international intervention , calling the situation in Ivory Coast as "  urgent as any facing the international community right now . The unthinkable is unfolding before our eyes . " A key aide to Gbagbo on Sunday criticized the foreign forces in the country as an "  army of occupation " and said they are not authorized to occupy the airport . "  The U.S. and France are not entitled to determine , to decide on who is able to conduct the destiny of Ivory Coast , " Toussaint Alain told Reuters in Paris . "  The U.S. and France have only contributed toward worsening the tensions since the end of the second round of the presidential election -- two leading powers who are behaving without responsibility in Ivory Coast . " Alain said the U.N. mandate does not authorize the French forces to be in control of the Abidjan airport . The resolution does , however , allow the U.N. peacekeeping mission in Ivory Coast to use "  all necessary means " to protect civilians who are under "  imminent threat of physical violence " -- and it calls upon member nations to enable the peacekeepers , and the French forces who support them to carry out that mission . The International Committee of the Red Cross said Friday that 800 people had been shot to death in the western cocoa-producing town of Duekoue . A United Nations official put the death toll so far at 330 on Friday . The massacre occurred between Monday and Wednesday as Ouattara 's Republican Forces led an offensive through the country to Abidjan , said Guillaume Ngefa , the deputy human rights director at the U.N. mission in Ivory Coast . He blamed 220 deaths on forces loyal to Ouattara . Ngefa said pro-Gbagbo forces killed 100 people . "  We have evidence , we have pictures . This was retaliation , " he said , referring to Ouattara 's forces . The Ouattara camp said it "  firmly rejects such accusations and denies any involvement by the Republican Forces of Cote d'Ivoire in possible abuses . " "  The government wishes to establish that the situation is quite the opposite , " it said . "  Forces loyal to former President Laurent Gbagbo and its affiliated mercenaries and militias that have engaged in countless atrocities in western Cote d'Ivoire during their flight before the advance of Republican Forces of Cote d'Ivoire . " Ouattara denied to U.N. secretary-general that his forces were responsible , but said he had launched an investigation and that he would welcome an international inquiry , according to the world body . Ngefa said so far , 320 bodies have been identified and the actual number could be much higher . He said the dead included civilians as well as mercenaries . Before the Duekoue killings , human rights monitors documented 462 deaths in the Ivory Coast conflict , which would make the Duekoue massacre the single bloodiest incident yet . The International Committee of the Red Cross sent a team to Duekoue on Thursday and found most of the victims were civilians , said spokesman Kelnor Panglungtshang in Abidjan . "  They saw the bodies on the streets , " he told CNN . "  There were so many . " Ngefa said a contingent of U.N. peacekeepers is stationed in Duekoue and is patrolling the town . The massacre illustrated the bloody nature of Ivory Coast 's conflict , now in its fifth month . The violence erupted after a disputed November election led both Gbagbo and Ouattara to claim the presidency . The international community recognized Ouattara as the legitimate winner , but Gbagbo refused to cede power , and violence engulfed the nation , escalating this week with a major offensive launched by Ouattara 's forces . A spokesman for Ouattara said Saturday the other side has committed atrocities , is losing its top generals to defections and is looking for "  cannon fodder " for its last stand . The claims by Ouattara spokesman Patrick Achi could not be independently verified by CNN . Fierce fighting has erupted for control of Abidjan , Ivory Coast 's largest city . Gbagbo 's forces were thought to be on the brink of defeat but regained key areas Saturday . They said they retook control of Ivory Coast 's all-powerful state-run television network that has been the embattled president 's voice in his standoff with Ouattara . Ouattara 's side denied Gbagbo was in control of state television , claiming he was actually broadcasting from a satellite truck . Gbagbo 's whereabouts were unknown . He has not recently appeared in public , and the French ambassador said his residence was empty . The violence has also displaced one million of Abidjan 's four million people . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Niki Cook , David Wilkinson , Claudia Dominguez , Carey Bodenheimer , Elise Labott , Karen Smith and Moni Basu contributed to this report	The United Nations relocates staff after attacks , saying the situation is getting worse People in Abidjan are forced to go out for water despite the danger , a journalist says U.S. Secretary of State Clinton demands that Laurent Gbagbo step down immediately Gbagbo and Alassane Ouattara are fighting for control of the cocoa-producing country
CNN  -- U.S. President George W. Bush on Tuesday will designate nine sites in three areas of the central Pacific as marine national monuments , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said Monday . The new designated areas make up the largest area of ocean set aside for marine conservation in the world . The new areas make up the largest area of ocean set aside for marine conservation in the world -- 195,280 square miles -- and , coupled with a 138,000-square mile designation in Hawaii two years go , mean that Bush will have protected more of the ocean than any other president . "  The president 's actions will prevent the destruction and extraction of natural resources from these beautiful and biologically diverse areas without conflicting with our military 's activities and freedom of navigation , which are vital to our national security , " Perino said . "  And the public and future generations will benefit from the science and knowledge gained from these areas . " Bush is using the 1906 Antiquities Act -- first used by President Theodore Roosevelt to set aside public lands such as the Grand Canyon as national monuments -- for the designation . Many of those lands later became national parks . Bill Chandler , vice president for government affairs for the non-profit Marine Conservation Biology Institute  MCBI  , said Bush is "  to be commended " for his action . "  From a conservation history perspective , the message here is that Teddy Roosevelt laid the groundwork for our national park system when he withdrew a lot of public lands and called them national monuments , " said Chandler . "  We see the president laying the foundation for a system of national marine preserves and parks , " he said . "  We had lacked such a system for a long time . " MCBI and the Environmental Defense Fund  EDF  partnered to identify eight of the nine sites the president will set aside on Tuesday . All but one of those eight remote areas already have Fish and Wildlife Service refuge areas at their cores . "  You have a core conservation mission already , " Chandler said . "  This is just basically going to expand them . " The MCBI/EDF-identified sites are Rose Atoll , Wake Island , Johnston Island , Palmyra Island , Kingman Reef , Baker Island , Howland Island and Jarvis Island . Rose Atoll , part of American Samoa , is the smallest atoll in the world , but more than 500 fish species swim in the waters around it , and it supports 97 percent of America Samoa 's seabird population . It is also the nesting ground for several threatened turtle species . The Pew Environmental Fund identified the ninth site -- the waters around the northern Marianas and the deepest ocean canyon in the world , the Mariana Trench , 11,033 meters  36,201 feet  at its deepest . The new designations will expand protection to a 50 nautical mile area off the islands , where commercial fishing will be prohibited . Other uses of the area -- research or recreational fishing -- will be allowed but will require a permit . Bush has not gotten rave reviews for his conservation efforts on land -- according to the Audubon Society , he 's signed wilderness legislation covering a little more than 2 million acres , fewer than any other president except Richard Nixon . But Chandler said that Bush "  has really embraced ocean conservation as his own . " "  Ocean protection ... is lagging 50 to 100 years behind land conservation , he said . "  This is precisely the kind of leadership that we need to get the message across that there are places in the ocean that are rich with diversity . " "  Scientists already know this , " he said . "  They have been calling for this for 10 or 15 years . " The president can cut through the bureaucracy that makes protecting resources such a lengthy process , and the Antiquities Act is a strong tool for those efforts . With the Act , the president can make a designation by executive order , essentially "  writing the prescription for conservation " for an area , Chandler said .	Bush designates 9 sites in 3 areas of central Pacific as marine national monuments Sites include Wake , Johnston , Palmyra , Baker , Howland , Jarvis , Marianas Islands Rose Atoll , Kingman Reef also designated ; New areas cover 195,280 square miles New designations will expand protection to a 50 nautical mile area off the islands
CNN  -- Bayern Munich fired a red-hot warning towards Champions League rivals Arsenal Friday by storming 18 points clear at the top of the Bundesliga . Bayern , which faces Arsenal in London in the last-16 Tuesday , claimed a 2-0 win at Vfl Wolfsburg to move ever closer to the title . Jupp Heynckes ' side has won 18 of its 22 league matches so far this season , conceding just seven goals in that time . After losing out at its own stadium to Chelsea in last year 's Champions League final , Bayern is hoping to go one better this time around . ` Pep will make Bayern 's team better ' With former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola taking over in time for the 2013/14 season , the German side are looking in great shape as it showed once more with its latest victory . Mario Mandzukic and substitute Arjen Robben scored the goals for Bayern and coach Heynckes was delighted with his side 's showing . "  We played against a team who certainly produced their best game of the season . They gave their all , " he told reporters . "  Wolfsburg were aggressive , ran hard and disturbed our game early on . These are the games we must win , but we showed we have a great team . " The win was Munich 's 10th away victory in 11 league matches this season and its fifth consecutive clean sheet away from home . If Bayern can maintain its streak , it could be crowned champion by the middle of April and break the club 's own record of 30 matches for the earliest title win , which was set back in the 1972/3 season . ` Super Mario ' returns to Italy with Milan Elsewhere , a late strike from Mario Balotelli gave Milan a 2-1 win over Parma ahead of its Champions League tussle with Barcelona . Milan moved ahead six minutes before the break when Argentine defender Gabriel Paletta put the ball in his own net . Balotelli added a second with 12 minutes remaining , firing home a free-kick , before Parma pulled a goal back through Nicola Sansone . Milan 's 13th win of the season moves it up to fourth in the league , leapfrogging rivals Inter , which plays Fiorentina Saturday . In Spain , Deportivo La Coruna remains rooted to the bottom of the Serie A table following a 3-1 defeat at Sevilla . Two goals from Gary Medel and an Ivan Rakitic strike was enough for the home side to prevail with Riki scoring a consolation for Deportivo . Galatasaray agree deal forr Drogba In Turkey , Didier Drogba came off the bench to score on his Galatasaray debut as his new team defeated Akhisar 2-1 . The former Chelsea star replaced Umut Bulut in the 63rd minute before heading in his team 's opening goal just five minutes later . Buruk Yilmaz made it 2-0 in the 70th minute with Sertan Vardar cutting the deficit with five minutes remaining . Galatasaray now have an eight point lead over Besiktas at the top of the Turkish first division .	Bayern Munich moves 18 points clear at top of Bundesliga Goals from Mario Mandzukic and Arjen Robben seals 2-0 win at Wolfsburg AC Milan defeats Parma 2-1 thanks to Balotelli strike Deportivo La Coruna suffers more misery at Sevilla
AUGUSTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Walking into the Colur Tyme Tattoo Parlor is a lot like walking into a head shop . One wall is lined with gang monikers and symbols , the other with bongs for smoking marijuana and other drugs -- one even shaped like a skull . The Colur Tyme Tattoo Parlor was set up by authorities to get at the heart of gang members . Only this head shop was a setup . It was a police front in a sting operation to bust gangs in this Georgia river city that most people associate with the Masters Tournament -- not violent thugs with high-powered weapons . Authorities said some guns sold to the shop were used in crimes just hours earlier . The tattoo parlor was the brainchild of Richmond County Sheriff Ron Strength , who wanted to snuff out gangs carrying out violent crimes in his east Georgia community . The idea was to create a place where the gang members would feel right at home , said sheriff 's Lt. Scott Peebles . And that they did . "  We put the idea in their heads that there 's no way these guys are in law enforcement , " he said . On Wednesday , more than 100 sheriff 's officers , state investigators and agents with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives carried out a major bust after an 18-month joint investigation into the gang activity . Watch cops set up tattoo parlor " Sixty-eight suspects were arrested on charges ranging from trafficking of illegal weapons to serious drug offenses . Authorities seized more than 300 weapons , including high-powered assault rifles . Rich Marianos , a special agent with the ATF , said such gang activity is spreading across the nation , with small-town gangs increasing their ties with gangs in major cities . For instance , New York gangs have begun moving as far south as the Carolinas , where they set up operations to buy and sell guns and drugs , he said . Chicago gang activity extends more than 60 miles into the Illinois city 's suburbs for narcotics and weapons trading . In fact , Marianos said the ATF has begun seeing some Chicago gangs establishing a "  pipeline " for illegal arms more than 500 miles away in Mississippi . "  It 's not just an urban problem , " Marianos said . "  We 're seeing it all over the country . " The ATF , he said , has seen one of the most dramatic increases in gang activity in the last three years and is cracking down . "  We want to look at a way to go after these offenders and prevent it before it happens , " he said . " -LSB- We 're -RSB- making the community safer by disarming the bad guys -- not taking guns away from the American citizen , but going after the people who should n't have them in the first place . " That 's why setting up a tattoo parlor in Augusta was key . Strength , the Richmond County sheriff , said he remembers when the worst crimes in these parts were lawn mower thefts and vandals pushing over birdbaths . But those days are long gone , with gangs such as the Georgia Deadly Boys and Fairington Gangster Thugs causing mayhem on a regular basis . "  In the past 2 1/2 years , we 've noticed some major changes , " he said , "  with the type of criminal offenses they were involved in . " So he devised the undercover business . The Colur Tyme Tattoo Parlor on Tobacco Road was set up on the outskirts of Augusta . It 's a location not heavily patrolled by police , but staffed 100 percent by undercover agents . Business was slow at first , but then things took off . Gang members soon began dropping in to sell guns , drugs and even stolen cars , authorities said . Every transaction was recorded by surveillance cameras around the store . Soon the shop had so much business the Richmond County Sheriff 's Office had to call in reinforcements from the ATF . Four federal agents helped the sheriff 's deputies man the counters ; others worked behind the scenes . Vanessa McLemore , ATF special agent in charge , said the teams had to coordinate their behaviors so it seemed like they fit in the store . "  They spent a lot of time together learning each other 's mannerisms , learning each other 's body language . It had to be a brotherhood , " she said . On the store counter was a jar of colored markers to invite clients to write their favorite gang affiliation on the wall . Peebles said agents used the wall for intelligence . "  At the very least we got names , " he said . The shop even put up its ' own MySpace page . "  You think it , we ink it " was the MySpace slogan . It featured the back of a tattooed man , and below in large red letters agents told visitors to the site , "  We buy what others wo n't . " Authorities said the guns came rolling in , and then came this week 's bust . "  Today marks the end of one era and the beginning of another , " McLemore said . "  The era that is ending is one that has brought destruction and decay to the streets of Augusta . " E-mail to a friend	Tattoo parlor run by cops leads to major bust of Georgia gangs Authorities even set up a MySpace page as part of the ring ATF says big-time gangs are gaining ground outside major cities ATF agent : "  We 're seeing it all over the country "
The Hollywood Reporter  Below are the Grammy awards winners in select categories . Album of the YearBeck , Morning Phase  WINNER  Beyonce , BeyonceEd Sheeran , xSam Smith , In The Lonely HourPharrell Williams , Girl Song of the YearSam Smith , "  Stay With Me "  WINNER  Meghan Trainor , "  All About That Bass "  Sia , "  Chandelier "  Taylor Swift , "  Shake It Off "  Hozier , "  Take Me to Church " Grammys best and worst moments Record of the YearSam Smith , "  Stay With Me  Darkchild Version "  WINNER  Iggy Azalea featuring Charli XCX , "  Fancy "  Sia , "  Chandelier "  Taylor Swift , "  Shake It Off "  Meghan Trainor , "  All About That Bass " Best New ArtistSam Smith  WINNER  Iggy AzaleaBastilleBrandy ClarkHaim Best Rock AlbumBeck , Morning Phase  WINNER  Ryan Adams , Ryan AdamsThe Black Keys , Turn BlueTom Petty & the Heartbreakers , Hypnotic EyeU2 , Songs of Innocence Best R&B PerformanceBeyoncé featuring Jay Z , "  Drunk In Love "  WINNER  Chris Brown featuring Usher & Rick Ross , "  New Flame "  Jennifer Hudson Featuring R. Kelly , "  It 's Your World "  Ledisi , "  Like This "  Usher , "  Good Kisser " Best Music VideoPharrell Williams , "  Happy "  WINNER  Arcade Fire , "  We Exist "  DJ Snake and Lil Jon , "  Turn Down for What "  Sia , "  Chandelier "  Woodkid feat . Max Richter , "  The Golden Age " Best Pop Vocal AlbumSam Smith , In the Lonely Hour  WINNER  Coldplay , Ghost StoriesMiley Cyrus , BangerzAriana Grande , My EverythingKaty Perry , PrismEd Sheeran , X The Hollywood Reporter : Red carpet arrivals Best Pop Solo PerformancePharrell Williams , "  Happy "  WINNER  John Legend , "  All of Me  Live  "  Sia , "  Chandelier "  Sam Smith , "  Stay With Me "  Taylor Swift , "  Shake It Off " Billboard : On the red carpet Best Pop Duo/Group PerformanceA Great Big World with Christina Aguilera , "  Say Something "  WINNER  Iggy Azalea feat . Charli XCX , "  Fancy "  Coldplay , "  A Sky Full of Stars "  Jessie J , Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj , "  Bang Bang "  Katy Perry feat . Juicy J , "  Dark Horse " Best Country AlbumMiranda Lambert , Platinum  WINNER  Dierks Bentley , RiserEric Church , The OutsidersBrandy Clark , 12 StoriesLee Ann Womack , The Way I 'm Livin ' Best Country Solo PerformanceCarrie Underwood , "  Something in the Water "  WINNER  Eric Church , "  Give Me Back My Hometown "  Hunter Hayes , "  Invisible "  Miranda Lambert , "  Automatic "  Keith Urban , "  Cop Car " Best Country Group/Duo PerformanceThe Band Perry , "  Gentle On My Mind "  WINNER  Miranda Lambert With Carrie Underwood , "  Somethin' Bad "  Little Big Town , "  Day Drinking "  Tim McGraw feat . Faith Hill , "  Meanwhile Back At Mama 's "  Keith Urban feat . Eric Church , "  Raise 'Em Up " Best Urban Contemporary AlbumPharrell Williams , G I R L  WINNER  Jhene Aiko , Sail OutBeyonce , BeyonceChris Brown , XMali Music , Mali Is ... Best Rock SongParamore , "  Ai n't It Fun "  WINNER  Beck , "  Blue Moon "  The Black Keys , "  FeverRyan Adams , "  Give Me Something Good "  Jack White , "  Lazaretto " Best Reggae AlbumZiggy Marley , Fly Rasta  WINNER  Lee "  Scratch " Perry , Back on the ControlsSean Paul , Full FrequencyShaggy , Out of Many , One MusicSly & Robbie & Spicy Chocolate , The Reggae PowerSoja , Amid the Noise and the Haste Best Rap PerformanceKendrick Lamar , "  i "  WINNER  Childish Gambino , "  3005 "  Drake , "  0 to 100/The Catch Up "  Eminem , "  Rap God "  Lecrae , "  All I Need Is You " Best Rap AlbumEminem , The Marshall Mathers LP 2  WINNER  Childish Gambino , Because the InternetIggy Azalea , The New ClassicCommon , Nobody 's SmilingSchoolboy Q , OxymoronWiz Khalifa , Black Hollywood Best Rap/Sung CollaborationEminem feat . Rihanna , "  The Monster "  WINNER  Common feat . Jhené Aiko , "  Blak Majik "  I Love Makonnen feat . Drake , "  Tuesday "  Schoolboy Q feat . BJ The Chicago Kid , "  Studio "  Kanye West & Charlie Wilson , "  Bound 2 " Best Rap SongKendrick Lamar , "  i "  WINNER  Nicki Minaj , "  Anaconda "  Kanye West & Charlie Wilson , "  Bound 2 "  Wiz Khalifa , "  We Dem Boyz "  Drake , "  0 To 100 / The Catch Up " Best Traditional Pop AlbumTony Bennett and Lady Gaga , Cheek to Cheek  WINNER  Annie Lennox , NostalgiaBarry Manilow , Night SongsJohnny Mathis , Sending You a Little ChristmasBarbra Streisand , Partners Best Alternative Music AlbumSt . Vincent , St. Vincent  WINNER  alt-J , This Is All YoursArcade Fire , ReflektorCage the Elephant , MelophobiaJack White , Lazaretto Best Americana AlbumRoseanne Cash , The River & The Thread WINNERJohn Hiatt , Terms of My SurrenderKeb ' Mo ' , BluesamericaNickel Creek , A Dotted LineSturgill Simpson , Metamodern Sounds in Country Music Best Dance RecordingClean Bandit feat . Jess Glynne , "  Rather Be "  WINNER  Basement Jaxx , "  Never Say Never "  Disclosure feat . Mary J. Blige , "  F for You "  Duke Dumont feat . Jax Jones , "  I Got You "  Zhu , "  Faded " Best Spoken Word AlbumJoan Rivers , Diary of a Mad Diva  WINNER  James Franco , Actors AnonymousJimmy Carter , A Call to ActionJohn Waters , Carsick : John Waters Hitchhikes Across AmericaElizabeth Warren , A Fighting ChanceGloria Gaynor , We Will Survive : True Stories of Encouragement , Inspiration and the Power of Song Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual MediaFrozen  WINNER  American HustleGet On UpGuardians of the GalaxyThe Wolf of Wall Street Best Score Soundtrack for Visual MediaThe Grand Budapest Hotel  WINNER  FrozenGone GirlGravitySaving Mr. Banks Best Song Written for Visual MediaFrozen , "  Let It Go  WINNER  The Lego Movie , "  Everything Is Awesome !!! "  The Hobbit : The Desolation Of Smaug , "  I See FireHer , "  The Moon SongGlen Campbell , I 'll Be Me , "  I 'm Not Gon na Miss You " Best Comedy Album "  Weird Al " Yankovic , Mandatory Fun  WINNER  Jim Gaffigan , ObsessedLouis C.K. , Oh My GodPatton Oswalt , Tragedy Plus Comedy Equals TimeSarah Silverman , We Are Miracles Best Musical Theater AlbumBeautiful : The Carole King Musical  WINNER  A Gentleman 's Guide to Love & MurderHedwig and the Angry InchAladdinWest Side Story	Sam Smith wins best new artist , best pop vocal album Beyonce now has 20 Grammys , passing Aretha Franklin
CNN  A massive hunt was launched Friday for the only surviving suspect from the two standoff scenes in France , who may have escaped , police union spokesman Pascal Disant said . Hayat Boumeddiene , a 26-year-old woman , allegedly was the accomplice of Amedy Coulibaly , 32 , in a hostage-taking incident at a kosher grocery store in eastern Paris . Four civilians were killed by a gunman in the hostage standoff before police stormed the market , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins told reporters Friday . Two police officers were also wounded in the raid , he said . Coulibaly was killed in the police operation , authorities said . Boumeddiene may have eluded capture during the confusion as the freed hostages were running away , Disant said . At almost the same time , the other pair of suspects , Cherif Kouachi , 32 , and Said Kouachi , 34 , were killed in a police operation in Dammartin-en-Goele , near the Charles de Gaulle Airport northeast of Paris . The Kouachis , who were brothers and the suspects in the massacre at the Charlie Hebdo magazine office Wednesday in Paris , had been cornered at a printing business in the town , according to the mayor of a nearby town . During the hostage-taking scenario allegedly involving Boumeddiene and Coulibaly , they had demanded the freedom of the Kouachi brothers , Disant said . Some police were injured in the operation at the grocery , and at least 10 hostages escaped , according to Disant . The hostages being held at the market near Porte de Vincennes are alive , and "  the terrorist is dead , " tweeted Gerard Araud , the French ambassador to the United States . During the police operation , officers shouted "  get down ! " and "  we 've got him , " video from CNN affiliate BFMTV shows . President François Hollande praised police but noted continuing dangers for the country , without specifying those perils . "  France is not done with threats that are targeting  the country  , " Hollande said in a televised address to the nation . Photos purportedly of Boumeddiene Boumeddiene and Coulibaly lived together , a Western intelligence source told CNN . The French newspaper Le Monde posted photos purporting to show Boumeddiene wearing a niqab in 2010 and holding a weapon that appears to be a crossbow in a rural setting . A niqab is a head-to-toe black covering , except for the eyes . Another photo shows her pointing the weapon at the camera , but her face is obscured by the niqab , with only her eyes exposed . CNN has not independently confirmed the authenticity of the photos . In one of the photos , Boumeddiene in a niqab is posing nearly cheek-to-cheek with Coulibaly in what the newspaper called a selfie . Coulibaly holds a pistol in a firing pose in one photo . In another , Boumeddiene is kneeling and readies to fire the crossbow-like weapon . In that photo , her black niqab allows her face and hands to be exposed , but her face can only be seen in profile .	Le Monde says photos show Boumeddiene in a niqab and holding a weapon in 2010 Police hunt for Hayat Boumeddiene , 26 , an alleged accomplice from a hostage-taking site The other hostage-taking suspect is dead after a police operation
CNN  -- Her doctoral thesis dealt with how we form our conscience . Turns out she plagiarized chunks of it . A university stripped Germany 's education minister of her Ph.D. on Tuesday , after a blogger caught the plagiarism and spent months vigilantly presenting the evidence to the public . Annette Schavan is the second minister in conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cabinet who has this embarrassing distinction . Former defense minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg stepped down in May 2011 , after large passages of his dissertation were found to have been directly copied from other sources . At the time , Schavan sharply criticized Guttenberg publicly for his shortcomings , according to German media reports . Since April 2012 , the blog "  schavanplag "  for "  Schavan " and "  plagiarism "  has compared passages of Schavan 's 1980 dissertation with sections of written works by other authors -- in multiple instances they match word for word , or nearly . The blog alleges Schavan did not properly source her work and claimed others ' work as her own . Schavan , who studied education , philosophy and Catholic theology , received her doctorate with highest honors , including for the verbal section of her dissertation . She has spent her career in education roles in the Catholic church . She denies wrongdoing and plans to sue the University of Dusseldorf for invalidating her degree , according to her lawyers . She has been fighting the blog 's allegations in public for months and has given no signs of stepping down as education minister . The board of the department that awarded her the degree said that there are just too many borrowed passages in her dissertation entitled : "  People and Conscience -- studies on the foundations , necessity and challenges in forming a conscience in our time . " The board found that she had "  systematically and deliberately laid claim to intellectual achievements , which she in reality did not produce herself . "	The university had awarded her the doctorate in 1980 with highest honors She is the second minister who is accused of plagiarism The German education minister has given no signal she will step down She is planning to sue the university
CNN  -- The second edition of an online al Qaeda magazine has surfaced with frank essays , creatively designed imagery and ominous terror tips such as using a pickup truck as a weapon and shooting up a crowded restaurant in Washington . The magazine is called "  Inspire " and intelligence officials believe that an American citizen named Samir Khan , now living in Yemen , is the driving force behind the publication . The latest edition was emerged on the 10th anniversary of the suicide attack on the guided missile destroyer USS Cole -- struck as it refueled in Aden , Yemen . The first edition came out in July . Christopher Boucek , a Yemen expert with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said the timing is no coincidence . "  It also comes on the heels of a busy week for al Qaeda in Yemen . They released an hourlong video last week . There was also an attack on a British Convoy in Sanaa -LSB- Yemen 's capital -RSB- last week . And an audiotape was released two days ago . Al Qaeda in Yemen is good at amplifying its message and that shows the organization is still active , that they 're still able to function , " he said . An article titled "  The Ultimate Mowing Machine " calls for using a pickup truck as a "  mowing machine , not to mow grass but mow down the enemies of Allah . " The article says that such a plan could be implemented in countries where people back the "  Israeli occupation of Palestine , the American invasion of Afghanistan and Iraq or countries that had a prominent role in the defamation of Muhammad . " It said a four-wheel-drive pickup truck is needed -- "  the stronger the better . " "  To achieve maximum carnage , you need to pick up as much speed as you can while still retaining good control of your vehicle in order to maximize your inertia and be able to strike as many people as possible in your first run , " the article says . Another tip in the magazine includes the use of firearms . "  For this choose the best location . A random hit at a crowded restaurant in Washington DC at lunch hour , for example , might end up knocking out a few government employees . "  Targeting such employees is paramount and the location would also give the operation additional media attention . " An idea in the first edition , "  Make a Bomb in the Kitchen of Your Mom , " is touched on again . "  The pressurized cooker should be placed in crowded areas and left to blow up . More than one of these could be planted to explode at the same time . However , keep in mind that the range of the shrapnel in this operation is short range so the pressurized cooker or pipe should be placed close to the intended targets and should not be concealed from them by barriers such as walls . " Adam Raisman , senior analyst at SITE Intelligence Group , said the "  very well-presented magazine " covers a variety of topics , is meant to reach a wider audience , and tries to be tongue-in-cheek in its presentation . "  The magazine has suggestions , ideology it attempts to instill in the reader , and it includes tips for technology , " Raisman said . Boucek said the "  big takeaway " is that the magazine is focusing on what the individual can do . "  The message to the lone actor is to be patient -- that you can do it -- you can participate in this , " he said . There are writings in the magazine by Yemeni-American cleric Anwar al-Awlaki , who U.S. authorities have linked to the failed attempt to blow up a U.S.-bound jetliner in December . Samir Khan wrote an article titled "  I Am Proud to be a Traitor to America . " There is also recycled material . The latest issue includes recent commentary from Adam Yahiye Gadahn , who is an American , about President Barack Obama . CNN 's Joe Sterling and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : Yemen expert says issue 's timing , 10 years after Cole bombing , is no coincidence NEW : Magazine 's ideas , ideology aimed at lone jihadist , Christopher Boucek says Pickup trucks , pressure cookers envisioned as weapons Targeting government employees is seen as paramount
CNN  -- Just moments after Mitt Romney triumphantly introduced Congressman Paul Ryan to American voters on the deck of the battleship USS Wisconsin , I happened to witness a heart-wrenching event on the tarmac of an airport hundreds of miles away : The casket of a fallen service member was returning home to his family in Florida . As I stood silently with a group of passengers watching a small honor guard march to attention , the hearse backing up to the conveyor belt , and the grieving family members holding each other up , I was reminded again that a nation 's foreign policy has direct impact on all our lives . If a new president comes to the White House -- if Romney and Ryan win -- will America find itself once again at war ? How will the election reshape our policies toward the rest of the world ? The selection of Ryan as Romney 's running mate has heated the spotlight on the economy , on the huge and growing national debt , and on the large number of Americans who , years after the start of recession , remain unemployed . Sensing Obama 's vulnerability , Romney and Ryan would like to keep the focus there . But international conflicts have a way of intruding on the best agendas of American statesmen and political strategists . President George W. Bush did not expect 9/11  crazy conspiracy theories aside  , just as Obama had no idea that the Arab uprisings would transform a key region of the world and test his skill in a series of conflicts , some of which confronted America 's values against its alliances . We do know that whoever sits in the Oval Office will face tough decisions on Iran and Syria , two problematic countries that are likely to demand attention at or near the top of the foreign policy rundown . And , we know that when the next presidential term starts , as many as 68,000 U.S. service members may remain in Afghanistan . A look at how Romney and Ryan would respond to the challenges facing America is as revealing as it is stunning . The Republican duo differs dramatically from Obama and Vice President Joe Biden when it comes to economic policy , but on foreign affairs it 's hard to find a truly sharp disagreement on fundamental issues , despite dissimilarities in tone . When it comes to cheering America 's greatness , Obama was at first reluctant . "  I believe in American exceptionalism , " he famously said , "  just as I suspect that the Brits believe in British exceptionalism and the Greeks believe in Greek exceptionalism . " He added that he is "  enormously proud " of America , but the qualified statement opened a new flank . That was in 2009 . Obama has since learned his lesson about being shy in praising America . And so did Romney , who tried to draw a distinction with the president by launching his campaign with a book unsubtly titled , "  No Apology : The Case for American Greatness . " In a speech last year , Ryan waxed idealistic about America , talking about the need for "  energetic " American leadership , about the "  fundamental desire for liberty " in all human beings and the need to promote our "  moral principles . " But he quickly pulled the soaring idealism back to earth , saying policy should be "  tempered by a healthy humility about the extent of our power . " In other words , do not compromise our values unless we have to . And , by the way , we have to . American exceptionalism : 2012 winner must unite America on ideals Ryan , who has no foreign policy experience and has spoken little of it , outlined the dilemma facing the U.S. when he spoke about the Arab uprisings . "  We are seeing long-repressed populations giving voice to a fundamental desire for liberty , " he said approvingly , but then he worried about the possibility that the end of one dictatorship would open the way for another . Regarding Afghanistan , the war in which Americans are serving and dying , Romney and Obama have , incredibly , largely avoided the topic . Despite vague criticisms , Romney is on record supporting Obama 's plan to remove American forces . Romney once , a little bafflingly , declared that Russia is America 's main foe . In reality , whoever wins the election will need Russia 's cooperation on the global stage to counter vital and urgent problems . On Iran , arguably the most important foreign policy question and conceivably a new war front for America , both Romney and Obama have stated that Iran must not be allowed to develop nuclear weapons . Both have said "  all options " remain on the table to prevent that from happening , including a military strike . And despite criticism of Obama 's approach to Israel , Romney agrees with Obama that Israel is a key ally whose security is one of the non-negotiable aspects of U.S. foreign policy . Romney and Ryan may ultimately speak more forcefully in public settings about the Middle East -- and that is easier to do when you do n't yet hold power -- but the fact is that Obama has earned high praise from many Israeli hawks . And if you look closely at Romney 's proposals for Iran , what he calls for is more economic sanctions . When Romney took his recent overseas trip , his objective was to highlight differences with Obama . He drew criticism when he called Jerusalem Israel 's capital , but that 's exactly what Obama said when he was running for office . Obama went even further , saying "  Jerusalem will remain the capital of Israel and it must remain undivided . " To be sure , rhetoric and images matter a lot . Obama 's effort to win over Muslims , which has largely failed , created the impression that the alliance between Israel and the United States is not as strong as it once was . That image has real world repercussions . And the chill that surrounds meetings between Obama and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is real . But the relationship is based on much more than ties of friendship between leaders . The two campaigns have differences in some areas , particularly regarding the future Pentagon budget , which Obama would cut by $ 500 billion in 10 years . Romney would spend more to expand the Navy , part of a strategy that looks at China as an upcoming rival . That China "  pivot , " by the way , is shared with the Obama administration . But overall , America 's foreign policy choices , based on national interest , national values , strategic considerations and popular opinion , will not significantly change regardless of whether Obama or Romney wins the presidential election . Romney and Ryan , if they win , are likely to up American involvement in the Syrian conflict , and they may well preside over an American conflict with Iran . But Obama may do just the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Presidents face unexpected challenges when it comes to international affairs Ghitis : It 's hard to find a sharp difference between Romney and Obama in foreign policy She says Obama and Romney disagree about the future Pentagon budget Ghitis : Obama or Romney will likely preside over conflict with Iran and involvement with Syria
CNN  -- Three crew members were killed and one was injured Wednesday when a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter crashed in waters near James Island in LaPush , Washington , officials said . The surviving crew member is hospitalized in Seattle with non-life threatening injuries , said Coast Guard Rear Adm. Gary Blore . The helicopter , a MH-60 Jayhawk , was flying to Sitka , Alaska , after departing the Coast Guard Air Station in Astoria , Oregon . "  The Coast Guard lost communication with the helicopter around 9:30 a.m. PT  12:30 p.m. ET  , " said Blore . "  Rescue crews were launched shortly after that . " The survivor was pulled from the water by a good samaritan and transferred to a medical facility , said the Coast Guard . The recovery phase for those killed is continuing , said Blore . "  The helicopter is in the water , inverted , " he said . "  There are power lines down at the beach . " The Federal Aviation Administration has issued a flight restriction in the area near the crash to allow response crews to search without distractions , said the Coast Guard . The Coast Guard will conduct an investigation to determine the cause of the accident , said Blore . With his voice cracking at times , Blore told reporters at a media briefing Wednesday afternoon that accidents such as this are deeply personal to members of the Coast Guard . "  We all have flown helicopters , we have flown the same machine . This hits close to home , " he said . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report .	Helicopter crashed near James Island off La Push , Washington One survivor hospitalized with non-life threatening injuries Helicopter is in water , power lines it hit are down at beach
CNN  -- Fabian Cancellara of Switzerland claimed the first yellow jersey in the 99th edition of the Tour de France with a commanding victory in the opening prologue in Liege Saturday . Olympic champion Cancellara is a specialist against the clock and over a flat 6.4 km course underlined his domination with a winning time of seven minutes 13.46 seconds . It left him seven seconds clear of the pre-race favorite for overall honors , Britain 's Bradley Wiggins , with Frenchman Sylvain Chavanel  Omega-Pharma  in third place . Team Sky 's Wiggins had edged out Chavanel by less than half a second to take the lead before RadioShack star Cancellara repeated his 2004 win in the Belgian city with another powerhouse performance . It was a welcome return to form for Cancellara , who had struggled in the early part of this year and made little impression in the spring classics . "  It 's great . I 'm really proud to have won here today eight years after my first Tour victory in Liege , " Cancellara told Eurosport . The globalization of the Tour de France "  It has n't been the best season for me , but this really helps make amends . " Despite his defeat , Wiggins is left well-placed after the opening exchanges , gaining nearly 10 seconds on reigning Tour de France champion Cadel Evans , whose BMC teammate Tejay Van Garderen finished a promising fourth place . Giro d'Italia champion Ryder Hesjedal  Garmin-Sharp-Barracuda  finished one second adrift of Evans , the same time as Italian Vincenzo Nibali , rated by many as the main rival to Wiggins and Evans . But Frank Schleck of Luxembourg , who finished third overall last year , lost nearly half a minute to Wiggins , coming home 135th at 38 seconds behind teammate Cancellara . Germany 's Tony Martin , who took the world time trial title from Cancellara last year , was left to rue a puncture , having to change bike and still coming home just 23 seconds down . Sunday 's first stage takes in 198km from Liege to Seraing , with testing terrain likely to rule out the possibility of a bunch sprint .	Fabian Cancellara of Switzerland wins opening prologue in 2012 Tour de France Cancellara finishes seven seconds clear of race favorite Bradley Wiggins Wiggins gains valuable time on defending champion Cadel Evans Tony Martin of Germany hit by puncture midway around 6.4 km course in Liege
CNN  -- The top government lawyers from three dozen states sent a letter to Google on Wednesday , expressing "  strong concerns " with the privacy policy the Web giant intends to roll out soon . "  On a fundamental level , the policy appears to invade consumer privacy by automatically sharing personal information consumers input into one Google product with all Google products , " reads the letter sent to Google CEO Larry Page and signed by 36 state attorneys general . Last month , Google announced the new policy , which spells out how the company will collect and compile information to create a profile of users based on their activity across all of its various sites and tools . That includes Google search , Gmail , the Google + social site and phones running its Android operating system . Privacy advocates objected to the policy -- which is set to go into effect March 1 . Eight members of Congress , both Democrats and Republicans , wrote their own letter to Page , asking for clarification about the changes . In Wednesday 's letter , the state attorneys called the policy "  troubling for a number of reasons , " saying that users should be able to use one product without having its information shared with others . "  Consumers have diverse interests and concerns , and may want the information in their Web History to be kept separate from the information they exchange via Gmail , " they said . "  Likewise , consumers may be comfortable with Google knowing their Search queries but not with it knowing their whereabouts , yet the new privacy policy appears to give them no choice in the matter , further invading their privacy . " Google said Wednesday it 's willing to discuss the policy with government officials , but that its intention is to make using its products easier and more transparent . "  Our updated Privacy Policy will make our privacy practices easier to understand , and it reflects our desire to create a seamless experience for our signed-in users , " a Google spokesman said in a written statement . "  We 've undertaken the most extensive notification effort in Google 's history , and we 're continuing to offer choice and control over how people use our services services . Of course we are happy to discuss this approach with regulators globally . " In a blog post when the policy was announced , Google 's Betsy Masiello noted that many of Google 's products , including YouTube and search , do n't require users to be signed in to use them . Other tools allow for "  incognito " modes and there are other privacy tools that can be used , she said . A later post from Google Public Policy Director Pablo Chavez said that the company 's privacy policies , but not its privacy controls , are changing . They are "  trying to make them simpler and more understandable , which is something that lawmakers and regulators have asked technology companies to do , " he wrote . "  By folding more than 60 product-specific privacy policies into our main Google one , we 're explaining our privacy commitments to users of those products in 85 % fewer words . " That was n't enough for the attorneys general . They singled out users of Android phones , which make up about 50 % of the U.S. smartphone market , saying they wo n't be able to "  opt out " without buying a new phone . "  No doubt many of these consumers bought an Android-powered phone in reliance on Google 's existing privacy policy , which touted to these consumers that ` We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent , ' " the letter said . "  That promise appears not to be honored by the new privacy policy . " The letter asks Google to meet with representatives of the attorneys general before the policy goes into effect "  to work toward a solution that will best protect the privacy needs of those who use Google 's products . "	Attorneys general from 36 states object to Google privacy changes They say policy "  appears to invade consumer privacy " Google says privacy controls are n't changing but the policy is being simplified The new policy goes into effect March 1 for all Google products
CNN  -- Former members of a Guatemalan special forces unit are believed to have been involved in the killings of 27 people on a farm in a northern province , the country 's president said . President Alvaro Colom said Tuesday that the former members of the Kaibiles , as the military group is known , had a hand in the massacre that led to a state of siege being declared in the province of Peten . Authorities have blamed the killings on the Zetas Mexican drug cartel , which has been linked before to the Kaibiles . On Tuesday , authorities released details about one suspect who has been arrested in connection with the murders . Hugo Alvaro Gomez Vasquez , also known as "  the Witch , " has a strong relationship with the Zetas , the state-run AGN news service reported . He was picked up on a triple murder charge related to the mass killings in Peten , officials said . He is accused of kidnapping and killing three people related to the owner of the farm where the 27 bodies were found . Investigators did not say if he was directly linked to the 27 dead . Authorities have sent eight teams into the field , consisting of 25 investigators , to try to shed light on the murders . The killing spree , which officials said took place late Saturday into early Sunday , is one of the nation 's worst since the end of the civil war in 1996 . The killers decapitated several victims and left their body parts strewn across the terrain , police said . Colom called the killings "  sadistic and perverse . " Survivors who described the killing spree included a pregnant woman who said she covered her daughters and begged for mercy , Guatemala 's Prensa Libre reported . The woman said the group that attacked the farm consisted of more than 50 armed men in fatigues , who had Mexican accents .	The president says that ex-Kaibiles are believed to be involved in the killings Authorities blame Mexico 's Zetas cartel for the killings The man under arrest has a strong connection with the Zetas , officials say
CNN  -- Reports of sex assault in the U.S. military are up by half , another startling annual figure around a problem the Pentagon believes is still under-reported . But the Defense Department said the sharp year-over-year increase for fiscal 2013 largely reflected steps to encourage more people to come forward if they 've been assaulted . And Pentagon leaders acknowledged they 've still got a long way to go , and have put special emphasis on getting male victims to file claims . "  The best way to combat this crime is to prevent it , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said after his department released the latest figures in a report . The numbers break out this way : There were 5,061 sex assault reports in the 2013 fiscal year , which ended last September 30 . That represents a 50 % increase from the same period the year before . There is no indication the spike was due to an overall increase in actual incidents , officials said . Hagel said victims of sexual assault are "  not only human beings , they are fellow soldiers , sailors and Marines . We can not let them down . " The issue received heightened attention from the Obama administration and Congress after last year 's report also showed a troubling jump in reported sex assaults . A serious problem Rep. Niki Tsongas , co-chair of the Military Sexual Assault Prevention Caucus and the top Democrat on the House Armed Services Subcommittee for Oversight and Investigations , said the figures continue to indicate a serious problem . "  The rise in reporting is encouraging , possibly signaling that legislative and military changes from recent years are having a positive impact , " she said in a statement . But Tsongas added better reporting and other steps to address the issue "  does not obviate the simple fact that these heinous crimes continue to occur at an alarming rate , to both men and women . " Sex assault in the military has become a major concern for the Pentagon . Senate clears military sex assault prosecution bill An anonymous survey from 2012 found that nearly 26,000 service members said they were the victim of an incident of sexual assault or unwanted sexual contact . But only a fraction actually filed a report . Issue involves generals , too President Barack Obama demanded the military brass "  leave no stone overturned " in efforts to prevent abuse . Directives from this year 's report include calls to advance and sustain an appropriate culture within the military to report incidents as well as increased efforts to evaluate commander training in dealing with the issue . There have been several instances in which senior officers , including generals , have been accused or charged with a variety of actions that constitute sexual assault . Some actually oversaw programs that sought to combat sexual assault . The report also calls for a review of alcohol policies and highlights an effort to improve levels of reporting for male victims , long thought to be an under-reported demographic . According to military law , sexual assault is defined as intentional sexual contact characterized by use of force , threats , intimidation , or abuse of authority or when the victim does not or can not consent . Tougher action in Congress fell short It also includes categories of sexual offenses that include rape , sexual assault , aggravated sexual contact , abusive sexual contact , forcible sodomy , or attempts to commit these acts . The issue also generated outrage in Congress , which approved reform measures last year that included a provision preventing commanders from overturning convictions . The Senate sought to take things further , approving legislation this year imposing modest reforms to strengthen prosecution . But proponents of tougher action were disappointed the chamber rejected a proposal that would have altered the way crimes like sex assault and rape are handled . Survivors of military sex assault frustrated with legislation	The latest annual figures compiled by the Pentagon show a 50 percent increase in reports The Pentagon says the surge indicates more people willing to come forward NEW : There were 5,061 sex assault reports for the 2013 fiscal year NEW : Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the best way to combat sex assault "  is to prevent it . "
An international operation led by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement aimed at child pornography and sexual abuse has resulted in the arrest of 245 suspects , officials announced Thursday . All but 23 of the suspects were apprehended in the United States . The agency said that during the course of Operation Sunflower , law enforcement officers identified 123 victims of child exploitation and removed 44 of those children from their alleged abusers with whom they were living . The other cases involved victims who were exploited by people outside their homes or children who were harmed years ago and are now adults . Several of the children were shockingly young . Five were under age 3 . Nine were between the ages of 4 and 6 . Of the 123 victims , 110 lived in the United States in 19 different states . ICE officials did not identify the six other countries where victims were identified or where some of the arrests were made , citing the need to work discreetly with international law enforcement partners . According to ICE , some of those arrested during Operation Sunflower were registered sex offenders . Operation Sunflower was conducted in November and December , but efforts are continuing on other cases . During a news conference , ICE Director John Morton said the agency was calling on the public to provide tips and mentioned several open investigations . One of those cases involves the sexual molestation of an unidentified girl thought to be around 13 . Investigators believe the abuse took place about 11 years ago , but the pornographic images were widely circulated . ICE has posted pictures of an unidentified woman and man suspected of abusing the girl on its website . The woman has some distinctive tattoos that investigators hope will lead to tips about her identity . Based on a forensic analysis of the pornographic images in that case , investigators think the abuse occurred in the Los Angeles or San Fernando Valley area of California . Although the girl may now be an adult , ICE officials want to identify and prosecute the suspects and prevent them from harming new victims . "  Forensic analysis technology has become critical in the fight against child exploitation , " Morton said . "  We are coming across these images on the Internet . They are being produced in one country but shared literally around the world , often in real time . " Morton said ICE works with other law enforcement agencies and with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to look for clues in the pictures of abuse to identify where the acts occurred and track down the victims and perpetrators . The name Operation Sunflower was chosen to commemorate a case from 2011 in which Danish law enforcement officials shared images and chat board information about a 16-year-old boy who allegedly planned to rape an 11-year-old girl . One image taken from a moving car showed a road sign with a sunflower on it . ICE 's Homeland Security Investigations determined that the road sign was unique to Kansas . Agents were then able to find the exact stretch of road where the picture was taken and to locate the girl . 18 rescued in child pornography raids , feds say 3 Mexican brothers extradited to U.S. to face 25 counts linked to sex trafficking	Immigration agency 's "  Operation Sunflower " identified 123 child victims of pornography , abuse Some victims were as young as 3 ; others were abused as children and are now adults Law enforcement officials in six other countries also made arrests in the operation
New Delhi  CNN  -- At least 25 people are dead after a train crash in India early Tuesday morning , a spokesman for the ministry of railways said . The Hampi Express passenger train crashed into a stationary goods train in Penukonda , in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh , said the spokesman , Anil Kumar Saxena . The passenger train was en route from Hubli to Bangalore . The collision , which involved three coaches of the Hampi Express , also left 55 people injured . Saxena said he suspects the driver of the Hampi Express may have overlooked a red signal . He said an investigation has been ordered . Journalist Rakesh Nagar contributed to this report .	The crash involved three coaches of a passenger train The Hampi Express crashed into a stationary goods train , a railways ministry official says The passenger train was headed from Hubli to Bangalore
Editor 's note : Bishop T.D. Jakes is founder and senior pastor of The Potter 's House of Dallas , Texas , a multiracial , nondenominational church with more than 50 outreach ministries . Bishop T.D. Jakes says the church must sound the alarm to wake America from its slumber . CNN  -- The blood-washed church for which Jesus died is not relegated to one group or another , nor is it held hostage by politics or ethnicity . It is a breathing , living testament to God 's love and grace . It serves its community where it is located and is aware of the needs and nuances of that community . However , its relevance and vision must go beyond its community and reach the world for which Christ died . Today as the church moves from its introspective posture to a broader role in politics , business , media and impacting societal ills , it has the dubious and daunting task of doing so without losing its core function . Like all such organizations that cease to be intrinsically focused , it runs the risk of being totally misunderstood and misaligned . I have listened and watched the events of the last few days with great disappointment as the church and the so-called African-American church , in particular , has been painted rather negatively with a broad , wide-ranging brush . I personally wish the distinctions of the church by ethnicity would one day become an antiquated idea . But this will require more people moving from a segregated worship experience . Until then , the church is becoming increasingly bruised by those who seek to move it from its core principles and make it an instrument of division rather than a catalyst for unity ! To say the current picture in the media of the institution that I have loved all of my life is less than flattering would be an understatement . And because I know that many Americans unfortunately do not venture outside of the comfort of their own groups for worship , the only understanding some will have of who we are is based largely on sound bites and media portrayals . I want to set the record straight ! I am afraid that once again our churches will be victimized by stereotypical ideas and opinions that are based in whole or in part by the extreme and not the norm . The church I have read about in the media -- a church filled with divisiveness , a lack of tolerance for other ethnic groups , a church not focused on helping the downtrodden and less fortunate , a church filled with hostility -- does not remotely resemble the churches that I grew up around and have loved for more than 50 years . Most , if not all , predominantly African-American church doors are open to all , not just to blacks , but to anyone who is seeking a spiritual home , guidance , support , direction , faith and a feeding of the soul in the purest sense . Many of us have worked with other organizations , different cultures and denominations believing that there is more to unite us than there is to divide us . The African-American church I know is filled with programs designed to address the many ills that inflict our society : HIV/AIDS , homelessness , reducing the rate of recidivism , assisting with employment and job training , economic development and financial management classes , home buying seminars , food banks to feed the hungry , schools to educate and an active plan to guide our youth . Those outreaches have been colorblind , passionate depictions of Christ 's love for all humanity ! The predominantly African-American church may be founded by an African American , it may be led on Sunday by an African American , but as you look through the crowd of these beacons of hope and faith , you will see an increasing audience that is much more reflective of our world than many would have you to believe . White , black , Hispanic , Asian -- nationalities from all across the world come together -- some to visit our churches , to enjoy our music and ministers and still others are gradually starting to join our churches . Gradually race fades into the fabric of faith and becomes less central to the overarching core of human needs in general . Is it a perfect union ? Of course not . Is there work to do ? Absolutely ! But the core message is not one that enrages , but one that encourages people to change and grow , and any other depiction is distorted and inaccurate . The Potter 's House , though largely African-American , is composed of 20 different nationalities and growing in diversity . It is designed much the same way Sen. BarackObama has built his campaign : on a strong commitment to reconciliation , the admonition for unity and strong desire for the continuation of diversity instead of exclusion . While I have not endorsed any candidate , who can ignore the hunger of Americans for change ? No matter who your political choice may be , it is hard to remain ambivalent to the tone that Obama sounded , igniting a national response from people of all walks of life , crowding into stadiums openly weeping -- like they were in church -- at the very idea of a nation that reflects the best of our ideals ; not the divisive ranting and bickering that may drive up ratings but threaten the cannibalization of our dreams and the demolition of our hopes . As a child , I grew up in a neighborhood back in West Virginia where blacks and whites helped each other in times of need and despair . Now that I am in Dallas , Texas , I have seen our city struggle to its feet in times of dire desperation . I was there when the buses came in to the Reunion Arena in Dallas loaded with mostly people of color who were hungry , weak and tired , and needing human dignity . They were unloaded -- covered with the stench of the atrocities of the superdome in New Orleans . I saw blacks , whites and Hispanics driving up with bags of clothes and food and crying together , trying to accommodate whomever they could , wherever they could . This is the America I want my grandson to grow up in . I am wondering who will get the message that our nation 's citizens are by and large looking for a voice that will unite us , clothe our naked , feed the poor and help our diminishing middle class before we self-destruct like many great empires of the past . Who cares what color they are , what banner they fly , what gender they are , or how they pronounce their names ? This is a defining moment in our history , and we are about to destroy greatness with petty self - aggrandizing egotism ! I implore you to not take the words of a few and depict the thoughts , hearts and motives of many . At the end of the day , Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. proved with his nonviolent approach that hate-filled words will not liberate anyone . To be sure , there is still work to do to defeat racism and to attain justice in our country for all . We continue to need someone who will hold us accountable to our best practices and not our worst . But there is no liberation without love , no prosperity without philanthropy and no hope if the church becomes immersed in the quagmire of pettiness . As an American I plead with you that we are running out of time . It is critical that we dislodge ourselves from political distractions . We must return to the task of looking for the right man or woman who can answer the bloodcurdling cry of a nation that is in search of a leader with a courageous effective plan for the war in Iraq , and the medical , moral , economic and security issues that are being ignored by these distractions . If we do not , we will have done a terrible disservice to our coming generations . The Bible said that while good men slept , evil ones came and planted tare , a noxious weed , among the wheat ! The tare of a hate-filled church image is a tactical distraction planted to divert our attention from choosing our next president . Let 's get back to listening for leadership strategies from our best and brightest before there is no country left to lead . My hope is that the church remains a vibrant part of our process , sounding the alarm that warns : America , please wake up out of our sleep ! E-mail to a friend	Bishop T.D. Jakes says African-American churches have been portrayed negatively Hate-filled church image is distraction from task of choosing president , he says Minister : Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign built on a strong commitment to unity Jakes says the church and faith is colorblind
CNN  -- An overwhelming vote by residents of the Falkland Islands to remain under British rule did n't quell claims from Argentina on Tuesday . President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner called this week 's two-day referendum a "  parody " and maintained that the territory , which Argentina calls Las Malvinas , rightfully belongs to her country . "  It is as if a consortium of occupiers had voted on whether to continue illegally occupying a building , " she said at an event in Buenos Aires . "  The results were fixed . " Asked whether they wanted to remain a British Overseas Territory , more than 99 % of voters who cast ballots said yes , according to a Falkland Islands government spokesman . Just three people voted no , spokesman Darren Christie said . Pictures at the polls showed some residents of the islands draped in Union flags as they cast their votes . Cars displayed banners that read , "  We 're British and proud . " A parade honoring British heritage marked the start of voting Sunday . The vote drew praise from British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  It 's the clearest possible result there could be , " he said , "  and the fact is that the Falkland Islands may be thousands of miles away , but they are British through and through , and that is how they want to stay . " Argentina should respect the will of the islanders , he said , adding that the United Kingdom "  will always be there to defend them . " Before the results were announced , one lawmaker from the islands criticized Argentina for arguing that the vote was illegitimate . "  I believe we are like other people in the world , and we are entitled to determine our own future . ... I think it 's dreadful that someone like Argentina should be trying to deny us that , " Sharon Halford , a member of the Falkland Islands Legislative Assembly , told CNN . "  They obviously do n't care what their own people think , but worldwide , everybody has the right to determine their own future , and why should we not be the same ? " Argentina 's top diplomat in the United Kingdom , meanwhile , maintained her government 's position that the referendum did nothing to settle the issue . "  The British inhabitants of the Malvinas Islands unquestionably enjoy civil and political rights , " Argentinian Ambassador Alicia Castro said in a statement Tuesday . "  But they do not have the right to decide the sovereignty dispute between Argentina and the United Kingdom . " Renewed tensions The two countries went to war over the territory in 1982 after the then-military government in Argentina landed troops on the islands . Argentina put its death toll from the conflict at around 645 . Britain says its civil and military losses amounted to 255 . For more than a year , renewed rhetoric between Argentina and the United Kingdom over the islands has escalated to a fever pitch , with both sides accusing each other of colonialism . What lies behind renewed tensions over Falkland Islands ? Prince William 's military deployment to the islands last year further fueled tensions , drawing sharp criticism from Argentinian officials . In January , Fernandez wrote an open letter , published in the British press , calling on Britain to hand back the islands and accusing it of blatant colonialism . She cited a 1965 U.N. resolution inviting the two countries to negotiate a solution to the sovereignty dispute and has called on the British to abide by the resolution . The British government accuses Argentina of trying to coerce island residents by intimidating those involved in fishing and oil exploration and trying to isolate the remote islands by limiting access by sea . British officials have rejected Fernandez 's call for negotiations , saying the people of the Falkland Islands have chosen to be British and "  have a right to self-determination as enshrined in the U.N. charter . " "  There are three parties to this debate , not just two as Argentina likes to pretend , " the British Foreign Office said . "  The islanders ca n't just be written out of history . " Residents react Located in the South Atlantic Ocean , about 480 kilometers  298 miles  east of the tip of South America , the Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources , including lucrative fisheries and a growing oil drilling industry . The islands , which raise their own taxes but rely on the United Kingdom for defense and foreign policy , are one of 14 British Overseas Territories and have been under British rule since 1833 . More than 2,500 people from more than 60 nations live and work there , according to the government website , as well as forces stationed at the British military 's Mount Pleasant Complex . Many Falkland Island residents are of British origin . About 1,600 voters from the Falkland Islands were eligible to vote in the referendum , officials said . Turnout was 92 % . Before results were announced , Halford said she did n't think the vote would put an end to Argentina 's renewed bid for control of the islands . "  They 've been saying for ages that they have no intention of recognizing it , whatever the outcome , which I find interesting because they 've been going to horrendous lengths around the world to try and discredit it , " Halford said . For Argentina , she said , the islands are a "  political football " used to distract citizens from problems at home . On its official website , the Falklands government rejects as false the Argentinian government claim that a civilian population was expelled by Britain in 1833 and argues for the inhabitants ' right to choose their path . "  We are not an implanted population , " the government says . "  Our community has been formed through voluntary immigration and settlement over the course of nearly 200 years . ... We are no more an implanted population than are the various populations of South America whose ancestors arrived as immigrants from Europe -- we arrived here as part of the same process and pattern of migration . " The islands are economically self-sufficient , the government says , except for the cost of defense needed as a result of "  the claim made by an aggressive neighbour . " CNN 's Michael Holmes and Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	NEW : Argentina 's president calls the Falkland Islands referendum a "  parody " Britain will always defend the people of the Falklands , Cameron said Overwhelming percentage of voters said they want the Falklands to remain a territory Argentina , which knows the islands as Las Malvinas , disputes British sovereignty
Abu Dhabi , UAE  CNN  -- The familiar sound of beating drums still fills the stadium as the United Arab Emirates begins its new football season , but matches are kicking off a lot later this summer . With league play starting bang in the middle of Ramadan , officials have scheduled games to start well after ten o'clock at night to accommodate fasting players . By the time crowds fill Al Nahyan stadium , players on Abu Dhabi 's Al Wahda football team have had a chance to pray and break their fast . According to team captain Haider Aili , players have grown skilled at refraining from food and drink all day in accordance with the Islamic holy month 's tradition . "  We 're used to that since we were young , " he told CNN . "  And we 're very lucky that we 're in a Muslim country so our federation and all of the atmosphere is provided for us . " Hatem Jemaa , the Al Wahda Club team doctor , told CNN that players are physically changed by Ramadan 's restraints . The league has to allow for fasting 's lingering effects . "  From the second week until two weeks after Ramadan , we see the change , " Jemaa said . "  You have the decrease of the performance . They can not make a lot of work . They 're tired and we must adjust the training . " That attitude of accommodation is n't prevalent worldwide , as matches and training typically continue through the heat of day . So , many professional Muslim players face a dilemma -- to eat and drink , or not . One of Iran 's biggest soccer stars has been kicked off his team for refusing to fast , according to his team 's website . Steel Azin Football Club 's star player Ali Karimi was fired because "  respecting God 's laws and honoring the sacred laws of Islam are of the utmost importance to Steel Azin , " the report said . Real Madrid midfielder Mesut Ozil also chose to focus on his job at the expense of Ramadan 's traditions this year . "  Because of my job I can not follow -LSB- Ramadan -RSB- properly , " he told CNN . "  I do it only the few days I can , only when I have a free day . But other than that it 's impossible , because you have to drink and eat a lot stay at peak fitness . " Karimi and Ozil are n't necessarily straying from the rules of their faith , according to a new fatwa , or religious decree . Al Azhar University in Cairo , one of Islam 's leading authorities , has declared that professional athletes can be excused from fasting if their livelihood is at stake . Travelers , pregnant women , the ill and the elderly are already exempted . With or without a fatwa , star European players like Inter Milan 's Sulley Muntari and Sevilla 's Freddie Kanoute choose to fast through grueling training schedules . In America , too , basketball and American football players observe the holy month . A high school football team in Michigan has even moved its pre-season practices to run until 4am , accommodating its many Muslim players . Fordson High 's head coach Fouad Zaban told local TV news station and CNN affiliate WDIV that the unconventional schedule is an experiment aimed to protect the health and safety of student athletes . For doctors and team managers , health during Ramadan is a cause for concern . Al Wahda 's Jemaa says the rapid changes in hydration required by fasting increase the risk of injury . "  In Ramadan , we do n't eat and we do n't drink , so we must give more hydration and more electrolytes , " he said . "  Every day , we give the players what they need . " Eliza Ridgeway contributed to this story .	The UAE 's football league kicks off during Ramadan Officials put matches on late at night and train players more gently Muslim scholars say players can be excused from fasting because it affects livelihood One of Iran 's biggest soccer stars has been kicked off his team for refusing to fast
Bond is set at $ 1 million for a Louisiana man accused of shooting and killing a church pastor as he preached in Lake Charles , Louisiana , on Friday night . Calcasieu Parish sheriff 's deputies arrested 53-year-old Woodrow Karey , a church deacon , and charged him with second-degree murder after he called 911 and told the dispatcher what he had done , sheriff 's spokeswoman Kim Myers said . Witnesses told police that Karey walked into the Tabernacle of Praise Worship Center around 8:20 p.m. and shot Pastor Ronald Harris twice -- the first time as Karey entered the church and then again at close range after Harris had fallen to the floor , Myers said . "  It was just kind of chaotic . It was like everybody was everywhere , " Talisha Harris , the pastor 's daughter , told CNN affiliate KPLC . Karey fled the scene on foot but later called the sheriff 's office and surrendered without incident , Myers said . During his arrest , Karey directed the deputies to two guns he had discarded in a wooded area . One of the firearms was a shotgun and the other was a pistol , police said . Police have not said which weapon was used to kill the pastor . Karey has no known criminal history , and the motive for the killing is unknown , police said . Calcasieu Parish Chief Deputy Stitch Guillory told CNN on Sunday morning there were 50 to 60 witnesses at the church . Harris , who was inside the church when shots were fired , recalled the type of man her father was . "  He was a strong person , and whatever came his way , he still stood on the word of God . He stood . He never wavered , " she told KPLC , struggling to hold back tears . "  My dad was a great father . He was an awesome grandfather . He was an awesome preacher-teacher . He had a big heart . He loved everybody , wanted to always help , " she said . In 2009 : Pastor fatally shot by police in drug sting In 2009 : Church pastor killed during service	"  It was just kind of chaotic , " says the pastor 's daughter , who was inside the church Pastor Ronald J. Harris was killed while preaching at his church in Louisiana Police say the 53-year-old suspect is a deacon at the church Suspect turned himself in and is being held on $ 1 million bond , police say
CNN  Central American migrants en route to the United States face incredibly tough odds . If they 're not tossed from a train or left in a desert , they may be cheated -- or worse . "  People would tell me : ` Well , we 've kind of accepted , or , we 're used to being robbed and beaten and raped , ' " photographer Michelle Frankfurter said . "  They 're willing to risk all that , " she said . "  It sheds some light on just how bad things are in Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala . " Between 2009 and 2014 , Frankfurter took several trips to Mexico to document migrants ' journey from the country 's southern border to its northern one . She was inspired by "  Enrique 's Journey , " a book by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Sonia Nazario , which tells the story of a Honduran boy risking it all to reunite with his mother in the United States . "  I watched these people leave everything behind -- leave with nothing but a little backpack with a few belongings -- and then this faith that they have , " Frankfurter said . "  There 's a lot of sadness and deprivation , but there 's a lot of beauty in it as well , " she said . She described her favorite photograph from the series  No. 11 in the gallery above  . Taken inside a makeshift chapel , it shows a crucifix , a wounded man and several migrants resting on the floor alongside dogs . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  I 've been to that particular place a number of times and I never ever saw that kind of confluence of elements together in one single image like that , " she said . "  Everything to me is in that one photograph . " Frankfurter found people to follow at shelters . She 'd spend a couple days with a group before venturing out to the rail yard and hopping a train . She takes a long-view approach . Rather than see the current rush of migrants as something like the break of a dam , Frankfurter has watched the pressure build for decades -- as civil wars , trade policies and a booming drug trade combine to squeeze people from all sides . She lived in Nicaragua in the late 1990s . "  I kept thinking that I would see that wave taper off ... and instead there was just this dramatic spike , " Frankfurter said . "  It seems like a story that just keeps mutating in a way , but just keeps on going , and that there is no real end to it . " Michelle Frankfurter is a photographer based in Maryland . You can follow her blog .	Michelle Frankfurter photographed Central American migrants traveling to the United States Her photos were taken during several trips to Mexico between 2009 and 2014 "  There 's a lot of sadness and deprivation , but there 's a lot of beauty in it as well , " she said
Indianapolis , Indiana  CNN  -- The Indiana State Fair reopened Monday with a public memorial service for five people killed when a concert stage collapsed during a storm . The fairgrounds were closed Saturday night following the accident , which occurred shortly before the country music duo Sugarland was to take the stage before an audience of about 12,000 . "  While we will never forget this horrific event and those who perished , may we Hoosiers find the courage to unify , rebuild and re-emerge with a stronger heart , " said Indiana first lady Cheri Daniels , who attended Saturday 's concert and was one of several speakers at Monday 's ceremony . Audience members at the service honored victims with a moment of silence and later sang "  Amazing Grace . " Officials Monday were focusing on grieving with victims and beginning repairs to get the fair back underway , Gov. Mitch Daniels told CNN . "  Our first instinct in Indiana is not to go rushing around , looking for scapegoats . It 's to take care of business , take care of those who 've been hurt and then , of course ... study to see if something could have done better and learn any necessary lessons , " he said . On Sunday he described the stage 's collapse as a "  freakish accident . " "  I 'm not saying that we 're not going to find many things that could have been done differently , " Daniels told CNN Monday . "  I 'm only saying that I know the people who run this operation . They think safety all the time , and I know that their hearts are broken that , in this case , this event took place as it did . " Investigators on Sunday sifted through debris of the stage , trying to determine what caused the accident that also injured at least 40 people , authorities said . Metal scaffolding fell onto the "  Sugarpit , " a section usually occupied by Sugarland 's most ardent fans , about four minutes after authorities took the stage to warn the crowd to seek shelter , according to a timeline of events released by investigators Sunday . Forecasters had warned heavy rain and strong winds would hit the fair nearly two hours before the storm moved through Saturday . The National Weather Service estimated winds at 60 to 70 mph . Video shows the blue canvas top fraying and flapping just seconds before the steel scaffolding gave way , sending a heavy bank of stage lights and metal onto fans closest to the outdoor stage . The Atlanta-based Sugarland group -- along with its opening act , Sara Bareilles -- canceled their scheduled performance Sunday at the Iowa State Fair . According to the fair 's website , "  aside from coping with the magnitude of the accident , the ongoing investigation prevents the band from getting what may remain of their stage equipment . " Jennifer Nettles , one half of the Sugarland duo , posted a statement on the group 's website Sunday , saying "  there are no words to process a moment of this magnitude and gravity . " "  There are only prayers for peace in the hearts of the bereft , and prayers of thanksgiving for those who were spared or safe . A piece of our heart is left in that grandstand , " Nettles said . Bareilles , who had just finished her performance when the collapse occurred , tweeted Sunday she was "  still thinking of all those affected . " On her website , she wrote : "  The accident at the Indiana State Fair felt like a bad dream . The weather changed in a matter of minutes and the stage collapsed in a matter of seconds . " She called the emergency response "  incredibly quick . " While most of the injured were treated and released from Indiana University Health Methodist Hospital , nine patients were admitted and were still being treated Sunday afternoon , the hospital said . Three children remained at Riley Hospital for Children , the hospital said . "  We 're all very much in mourning of the loss of the victims , and we are praying with their families , " Cindy Hoye , the fair 's executive director said . The Marion County , Indiana , coroner identified the three women and two men who died as : Tammy Vandam , 42 , of Wanatah , Indiana ; Glenn Goodrich , 49 , of Indianapolis ; Alina Bigjohny , 23 , of Fort Wayne , Indiana ; Christina Santiago , 29 , of Chicago ; and Nathan Byrd , 51 , of Indianapolis . Vandam , Goodrich , Bigjohny and Santiago were dead at the scene , while Byrd died later at the hospital , the coroner said . Friends , colleagues and family gathered Sunday to remember Santiago at Chicago 's Howard Brown Health Center , a health care organization for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , where she worked . "  We have lost a fierce warrior , an amazing activist , " said Rosa Yadira Ortiz , board president for Amigas Latinos , a group for lesbian Hispanics in Chicago that Santiago was involved in . "  She really brought us all together . " The families of two of those hospitalized released brief statements Sunday , each asking for prayers and privacy . "  Jenny Haskell , a 22-year-old Ball State senior , is very critical at this time , " her family said . A fifth-grader , identified only as Jade , is in critical condition , according to her family . Allison Hoehn , a concertgoer , said many attendees rushed to those trapped after the stage crumbled . "  We tried to get down to help , but no one was moving , " Hoehn said . "  The storm came on so fast and the stage just snapped like a toothpick . " Spectators grabbed parts of their seats to assemble makeshift stretchers , she said . "  Everyone rushed to help , and we saw people searching and pulling people out , " Hoehn said . Dust swirled just before a gust of wind rushed in and the stage crashed down , concertgoer Jenna Gioe told CNN Monday . "  It was absolute pandemonium " as crowds rushed to get out of the grandstand , she said . Days after the stage collapse , Gioe said she was still struggling to understand the tragic turn of events . "  It 's absolutely baffling ... What actually happened , it 's beyond all of us , " she said . CNN 's Alan Duke , Chelsea J. Carter , Leslie Tripp and David Williams contributed to this report .	NEW : Indiana first lady : "  We will never forget this horrific event and those who perished " The state fair reopens Monday , beginning with a memorial service Indiana governor : Officials are focused on repairs , not "  looking for scapegoats " Concertgoer : "  It 's absolutely baffling ... What actually happened , it 's beyond all of us "
A State Department special envoy will travel to North Korea this week to try to free Kenneth Bae , the U.S. citizen detained there since November , the State Department and White House said Tuesday . Ambassador Robert King , the president 's special envoy for North Korean human rights issues , will head to Pyongyang at North Korea 's invitation , the State Department said . King , currently traveling in the region , will go to the capital Friday , the White House said . North Korea 's supreme court sentenced Bae in April to 15 years of hard labor . His sister , Terri Chung , told CNN two weeks ago that Bae was recently moved to a hospital because of a serious decline in his health . The court found Bae guilty of carrying out "  serious crimes " against North Korea , including setting up bases in China for the purpose of toppling the North Korean government , encouraging North Korean citizens to bring down the government , and conducting a smear campaign , according to the country 's state media . Kenneth Bae : Please help me The media also say Bae planned an operation to bring down the government through religious activities . Chung says her brother was the owner of a tour company who was in North Korea for work . King will ask Pyongyang to pardon Bae and grant him special amnesty on humanitarian grounds "  so that he can be reunited with his family and seek medical treatment , " the State Department said . Bae suffers from severe back and leg pain and has lost more than 50 pounds , Chung told CNN earlier this month . Chung said she received the information from the State Department , which told her the Swedish ambassador visited Bae in the hospital . Sweden represents U.S. interests in North Korea because the United States has no diplomatic presence there . Bae also suffers from kidney stones , dizziness , blurred vision and loss of vision , Chung said . He was already dealing with other health problems , including diabetes . North Korea agrees to family reunions with the South , report says	Kenneth Bae was arrested in North Korea in November North Korea 's supreme court sentenced him to 15 years of hard labor Bae 's sister says his health has seriously deteriorated
CNN  -- Swedish golfer Henrik Stenson carded a solid 69 in the opening round of the WGC-CA Championship but it was his highly unusual recovery shot on the 12th on the Blue Monster course at Doral which raised more than a few eyebrows . Stenson did not leave much to the imagination with his Doral antics . Stenson stripped down to the bare essentials -- a pair of white boxer shorts -- before wading into the mud to hack out his ball after an wayward tee shot . The watching galleries could hardly believe their eyes as the tall Swede peeled off his clothes . "  Shirt , trousers , socks , shoes , hat , the lot was off , " he told the Press Association . "  Because of the mud I could n't really afford to play in any of my clothes as they would have been a real mess down the last six or so holes so I had no option , " Stenson explained . After getting the ball back on to the fairway , Stenson eventually made a one-over par bogey on the hole when he could have dropped at least two shots by taking a drop . "  If you are saving a shot , that has to be worth taking your shirt and trousers , " he added . What do you think of Stenson 's cheeky recovery shot ? The incident proved the main talking point on the day that Tiger Woods made his return to strokeplay golf and 32-year-old Stenson jokingly said it might offer a new avenue for sponsorships . "  Absolutely , you never know , after this I might have a new endorsement with PlayGirl or something like that . " European Ryder Cup star Stenson is playing for the $ 1.4 million first prize in the tournament in Florida which has an elite 81-strong field . His recovery shot evoked memories of the last-hole drama at the 1999 British Open at Carnoustie when tournament leader Jean Van de Velde waded into the Barry Burn after taking off his shoes and socks . The Frenchman at least spared the blushes of the crowds by keeping on his clothes but he made a hash of hole and lost his chance of winning the famous major .	Henrik Stenson creates a stir with ` striptease ' at top tournament in Florida Swedish star strips down to the bare essentials to play his ball out of the mud Tactic works as he saves at least a shot and cards a three-under 69
CNN  "  When there is a very difficult situation , women are called in to do the work . To sort out the mess . " Christine Lagarde is the woman who has been tasked to do just that . She has led the IMF since 2011 amidst the organization being in the center of scandal ; regarding its former managing director as well as a global economic crisis . Lagarde is considered one of the most powerful women in the world - Forbes placed her in 5th position in their 2014 list - as well as a pioneer in her profession . She was the first woman to chair the global law firm Baker and McKenzie . Then she became the first female finance minister of France . She is now the first woman to lead the IMF and is in control of the global economy during an extended period of austerity . This reflects upon this experience . "  It 's a common trait of women , to be concerned about the collective success more than about their individual visibility respectability and success , " she says . Lagarde is acutely aware that she is a trailblazer in this chiefly male industry every time she steps into the IMF boardroom - where the portraits of her male predecessors hang . "  I hope that there will be plenty of other female paintings , " Lagarde says . "  I feel even worse when I look around the table unfortunately , because there 's only one female executive director out of 24 around the table . " She is using her current position of power to draw attention to issues concerning women in the global workforce . "  I 'm the managing director of the International Monetary Fund ... and our voice is listened to by policy makers , " says Lagarde , who is helping coordinate empirical research and analysis to provide evidence of the strong contribution that women provide to the economy . "  I do n't want to let my female colleagues around the globe down , " she says . "  I do n't want them to turn around to me and say ... ` why did you make a mess out of it ' ? " she says frankly .	Christine Lagarde Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund  IMF She is leading the IMF during a period of scandal and global economic crisis Evidence is being gathered to prove the importance of women to the economy Being the first women to lead the IMF brings responsibility but also hope for women to follow in her footsteps
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- A passenger jet caught fire early Sunday , exploded and crashed into railway tracks in the central Russian city of Perm , killing all 88 people on board . Wreckage from the Aeroflot-Nord Boeing 737 , which crashed near Perm , lies across a railway track . The exact cause of the pre-dawn crash is under investigation , but government spokesman Vladimir Markin said "  a technical breakdown " was a likely cause . Markin said in televised remarks that the failure of one of the Boeing 737-500 's two engines may have caused the plane to come down , The Associated Press reported . Airline officials have said there is no indication of terrorism . "  We think it 's very doubtful that it was the result of a terrorist attack , because at the scene , there were no traces of explosives as we know for now , " said Lev Koshlyakov , Deputy Director General of Aeroflot . It took firefighters more than two hours to extinguish the blazing wreckage . When the sun rose , pieces of the Aeroflot jet were strewn about the railroad tracks . "  It slammed in front of my house , and there was a huge flame , " an unidentified woman in Perm told Russian state television . "  It looked like fireworks . " She said the impact of the crash "  threw me across my sheets ... . Then my daughter ran in from the next room and asked if a war had started . " She and other witnesses said they saw the aircraft burning before it came crashing down . "  It looked like a comet , " she said . The jet was en route to Perm from Moscow when the pilots lost communication with air traffic control just before landing about 3:10 a.m.  2110 GMT  , an Aeroflot official said . He described the weather at the time as "  mediocre . " The public safety minister for the Perm region said investigators were combing a 2.5-mile  4-kilometer  area , including homes and railways . Watch more about the crash " "  Right now , it 's apparent that there was a fire on the plane at one kilometer in the air , " Yuri Orlov said . "  After that , all contact was cut off -- the plane exploded . " The flight data recorder has been recovered and will be analyzed by the International Aviation Commission , Russian Transport Minister Igor Levitin said . The plane carried 82 passengers , including seven children , and a crew of six . At least 21 non-Russians were on board , including passport-holders from Azerbaijan , Germany , France , Italy , Switzerland and Ukraine , said Lev Koshlyakov , Aeroflot 's deputy director general . The U.S. Embassy confirmed that no Americans were on board the flight , even though one passenger was listed as a U.S. citizen . It is the second crash in the region involving a Boeing 737 in less than a month . An Iran-bound Boeing 737 with 90 people on board crashed on August 24 just outside the airport in Kyrgyzstan 's capital , Bishkek , killing 68 . The 737 is a workhorse of the airline industry , with thousands of planes in service . Aeroflot said the one that crashed in Perm was manufactured in 1992 and was operated by its Aeroflot-Nord subsidiary . "  This Boeing 737 has all the necessary certificates , " Koshlyakov said . "  We conduct audits and inspections of all the affiliate companies we work with in the realm of their effectiveness , safety and reliability of the airplanes . " Airline safety in Russia and the former Soviet Union is among the worst in the world . Aviation experts say poor maintenance , inadequate pilot training and weak government controls are major factors . But Aeroflot is considered one of the safer airlines in the region . Sunday 's crash is the first fatal accident for the airline since 1994 , when a Russian pilot handed control of an Airbus to his 15-year-old son . It crashed , killing all 75 people on board . Russia 's government has now ordered an inquiry into the latest incident , to find out how another routine flight could have ended in tragedy . The National Transportation Safety Board will send a team of investigators to Perm to look into the incident -- a standard practice when a U.S.-made aircraft crashes . CNN 's Kathleen Koch and Michael Sefanov contributed to this report	NEW : National Transportation Safety Board to send team from U.S. to investigate NEW : Crash likely caused by engine failure , investigator reported as saying Boeing 737 en route to Perm from Moscow was operated by Aeroflot Nord Officials have said there is no indication of terrorism
CNN  -- A flurry of late birdies helped American Jason Bohn secure his second PGA Tour title at the Zurich Classic in New Orleans . The 37-year-old , who celebrated his birthday on Saturday , completed his third round at the rain-affected tournament on Sunday morning before carding a five-under 67 later in the day to secure the title . Bohn recorded birdies at three of the final four holes to finish on 18-under and stave off the challenge of second-placed Jeff Overton by two shots . He was inches away from an eagle on the last after a superb approach . "  This is life changing , " he told the PGA Tour Web site . "  I 'm probably the only guy on the PGA Tour who has got tears when he 's putting out on the 18th hole . "  When I hit the shot on 15 and made the great putt on 16 , I knew if I stayed patient I had it . " Bohn 's only other tour success came at the B.C. Open in 2005 and since then he has had a number of injuries , including surgery on his back . After his triumph he said he 'd told his caddie before the final round that he was planning on a quiet afternoon . "  I just said I probably would n't say much because I 'm capturing all of this , " Bohn said . "  I want to take this one to the grave . I want to remember every little detail that I missed on my first one . " Bohn fought off the challenge of fellow American Overton , who finished second ahead of Troy Merritt , on 16-under . Meanwhile , Ian Poulter and Padraig Harrington have confirmed they will play in the European Tour 's flagship PGA Championship at Wentworth , England . Both players had boycotted the event in the last two years due to the state of the greens but agreed to return after moderations to the course by South African golfer Ernie Els . Poulter told the UK Press Association : "  It is a great championship and I am looking forward to checking out the modifications to the West Course which Ernie has undertaken . I am sure the changes will be for the better . "	American Jason Bohn secures his second PGA Tour title in New Orleans Bohn carded a final round of five-under to beat Jeff Overton by two shots Ian Poulter and Padraig Harrington end boycott of PGA Championship in England
Hickory , North Carolina  CNN  -- North Carolina authorities have been in contact with Zahra Baker 's biological mother in Australia and have asked for the medical records of the missing 10-year-old girl . "  We 're in the process of getting medical information from Australia , and we 're in the process of getting medical records here , " said Clyde Deal , the deputy police chief of Hickory on Monday . Officials did not specify what kind of medical records they were seeking . Dental records are sometimes used to identify a body . Although authorities believe Zahra is dead , her remains have not been found . Burke County Sheriff John McDevitt has said that Zahra 's disappearance is being investigated as a homicide . Zahra was reported missing October 9 and no one other than a family member has reported seeing her since September 25 , when a woman reported seeing her at a furniture store , Deal said . Police have been searching for the girl in and around the city of Hickory . "  We 're speaking to her on a regular basis , " Deal said of Zahra 's biological mother . "  She 's very concerned , and she 's very appreciative of everything being done to solve this case . " The deputy police chief said authorities are not clear on the circumstances of the split between the mother and father . Police said last week that the girl 's stepmother , Elisa Baker , admitted to writing a fake ransom note that was left at the family 's home . She was arrested October 10 on unrelated charges , including writing worthless checks . More recently , authorities charged her with obstruction of justice , a felony , after she admitted writing the fake note , according to Hickory Police Chief Tom Adkins . Elisa Baker remains jailed on those charges . Her bail has been set at a combined $ 70,000 , an amount her lawyer called excessive . Police said the girl 's father , Adam Baker , also faces bad-check charges , but has not been arrested . He is assisting police in their search . "  Every time we ask him to be somewhere , he 's there , " Deal said . The disappearance of Zahra -- a freckle-faced youngster who uses a prosthetic leg and hearing aids -- has made international news . The girl lost her leg to bone cancer , according to CNN affiliate WCNC . Family members and neighbors have told reporters that Zahra 's stepmother had abused her . Her attorney , Scott Reilly , vehemently denied those allegations during an interview Monday . "  Whatever investigation was done , there was never anything substantiated regarding child abuse by Elisa Baker , " he said . "  The lady saying they were keeping Zahra in the attic , and they thought it was squirrels , that lady has squirrels in her head , " Reilly said , referring to a woman who spoke to the media . "  She had no business saying things that were untrue . Someone else says she was kept in a locked room and only allowed to come out five minutes a day to eat . Those people -LSB- reporting that information -RSB- should have their media credentials revoked . " Earlier , a relative said that the alleged abuse was reported to the state Department of Social Services but the relative did not know the outcome . The state office said such a report would have been handled by a county office but that the agency is barred from commenting because of strict confidentiality laws . Reilly said he has filed a motion to reduce Elisa Baker 's bond , and a hearing has been set for Wednesday . HLN 's Beth Carey and Natisha Lance contributed to this report .	Police did not specify what kind of records they are seeking Zahra , 10 , was last seen September 25 Police are investigating her disappearance as a homicide
CNN  -- Sizing up the magnitude of Mexico 's obesity problem is as simple as visiting a clothing manufacturer . At Arush , a clothing factory in Mexico City , the changing demand has modified production . Buyers , including Mexican giant retailers like Soriana and Liverpool , are increasingly asking for "  large " and "  extra large " sizes , which have all but replaced production of "  small " and "  medium . " Designer Adriana Moreno , who works at Arush , said they 're simply adapting to Mexico 's new reality : an explosion of overweight and obese people , mostly in the last three decades . "  In our market , I can tell you we 've had a 50 % growth in sales of large and extra-large sizes in the last three years , " Moreno said . According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , 69.5 % of the Mexican population aged 15 and older is overweight or obese . This is the highest rate in the world , even higher than in the United States -- which historically had the highest rate -- and the United Kingdom , which has the highest in Europe . The Mexican government launched a campaign last year urging people to exercise , drink more water , and eat fruits and vegetables . President Felipe Calderón said that "  since 1980 , the percentage of overweight or obese Mexicans has tripled . " The problem starts early : 4.5 million children between the ages of 5 and 11 are already overweight . Many school districts have banned junk food in their facilities , but it 's readily available right outside , much to the chagrin of parents . "  You can see how many stands there are outside . And they 're all selling junk food ! I think they should also control what they sell out here , " Daniela Piña said as she waited for her child outside a grammar school in Mexico City 's Doctores neighborhood . Adela Garcia , a stay-at-home mother , said parental responsibility plays a vital role in solving the problem . "  It really starts at home , " she said . "  We as parents have to take that kind of food away from children so that they eat healthier . " Mexico 's Institute for Public Health reports that the number of overweight or obese school-aged children increased from 18.4 % in 1999 to 26.2 % in 2006 . It also says that diabetes -- of which obesity is a contributing factor -- has become the No. 1 cause of death in Mexico . Other statistics provided by the institute are very telling . Mexicans drink 160.1 liters  42.3 gallons  of soft drinks per year . The institute also says that school-aged children get at least a fifth of their calories from drinks with a high content of sugar and other sweeteners . "  We trust that the public interest will prevail over private interests and that the federal government will do , under the law , everything possible so that our proposals are quickly implemented , " the institute says . Their proposals include increasing physical activity in schools and improving nutrition guidelines . Back at the clothes factory , Adriana Moreno is faced with a challenge : pleasing people in spite of their size . "  It 's a very demanding market , very demanding . People are always trying to look good , not seem so overweight . They look for a beautiful garment , a good design that does n't make them look heavier than they really are , " Moreno said . The war on drugs has killed 30,000 people in the last four years , and violence is front-page news in major newspapers across Mexico . But obesity , excess weight and their related health problems claim almost five times more lives than the war against drug cartels . According to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , individual prevention programs could avoid as many as 47,000 deaths from chronic diseases every year . Mexico 's Health Ministry reports that obesity and excess weight cost the country $ 5.5 billion in expenses associated with treating people with diabetes , high cholesterol , high blood pressure and heart disease . CNN 's Rey Rodriguez in Mexico City contributed to this report .	Diabetes is the No. 1 killer in Mexico , health agency says Nearly 70 % of the population is overweight or obese Mexicans drink more than 42 gallons of soft drinks per person each year
CNN  -- With lessons learned from previous titles and a sense of finality to the franchise , "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception " exceeds expectations with a wonderful storyline , dynamic action and witty dialogue from its characters . The latest in the franchise from Naughty Dog , "  Uncharted 3 " returns to follow hero Nathan Drake on yet another historical adventure that promises fortune and glory but invariably involves a lot of danger . As in games past , Nathan is a treasure hunter who follows clues to find lost riches in far-off lands and gets help from other characters in his missions . The game 's storyline follows the path of "  Seven Pillars of Wisdom , " the T.E. Lawrence book that inspired the epic movie "  Lawrence of Arabia . " Amy Henning , the writer for the "  Uncharted " series , pulls elements from Lawrence 's book and weaves them into a stunning narrative about Nathan 's search for a lost city called Iram of the Pillars . Keith Guerrette , lead visual effects artist from Naughty Dog , said Henning really opened up the characters in the game and delves deeply into Nathan 's past as well as his connections to his companions . While some of the story is told in flashbacks , it never feels disjointed or out of place and flows with the action in the game . The pace , for the most part , is quick and occurs over several different types of environments . From a vast desert to historical chateaus , the scenes are beautifully rendered and help deepen the moment . There were a couple of missions that bogged down the story in places , but those were few and far between . Many times , I felt like I was in an "  Indiana Jones " movie . There were moments when the gameplay was very similar to what I 've seen on the big screen . For example , one mission had me chasing after a caravan transporting my longtime friend , Victor Sullivan , through a narrow cavern in a scene that was reminiscent of "  Raiders of the Lost Ark. " Like Dr. Jones , Nathan has to solve puzzles and use his journal to reference solutions . The puzzles were not extremely challenging once the clues in the journal were deciphered . There are other little touches that are Jones-esque , but they add to the story rather than taking away from it . The action is high adventure with a twist of humor and whimsy along the way . The dialogue helps keep the mood light as character banter flows naturally and feels like what it is -- conversations between people who do n't take themselves too seriously but have experienced life-changing events . There is humor , caring , concern and sarcasm that one would expect from longtime friends . It feels natural and gets the player emotionally involved . "  We 've been building up to this one , " Guerrette said . "  We went in thinking , ` How can we take our tech and art and make them even better ? ' " There are subtle effects in the environment , like shadows from a fire , ripples in water and disappearing footprints in sand . But the most dynamic action fills the screen during intense missions in which Nathan takes on his enemies while the background moves . Much of Nathan 's movement occurs along the sides and rooftops of buildings , like the "  Assassin 's Creed " games . That motion becomes more challenging when floors and walls are also moving around . The game 's combat has been fine-tuned but still seemed uneven at times . Guerrette said the development team worked hard to eliminate some of the cover problems that were evident in previous titles . Melee was improved  I enjoyed getting up close and personal with my enemies  and moving while firing is nearly mandatory . Stealth has become a more effective tool in some missions . There was one mission , however , where I used stealth to eliminate all the bad guys and avoid raising the alarm -- only to discover two bandits guarding a door that I could not stealth kill . It was a little bit frustrating to work so hard on being stealthy when there was no way to avoid having to be obvious to advance . Targeting specific areas on enemies also did n't seem to matter . There were times when I shot an enemy multiple times in the head before he would fall down . Yet it would take the same number of shots to an enemy 's arm to get him to collapse . Nathan can also throw back grenades that are tossed his way . The audio is funny , but the effects are devastating . A split-screen co-op version  a fan request  offers a unique story with the chance to unlock multiplayer bonuses and skills . This version can be played either on or offline . The multiplayer version also features improved cinematic techniques , boosters and the ability to upload great  or not-so-great  gameplay moments into social media platforms . A buddy system can be used for cooperative play in multiplayer mode , or you can go it alone during competitive play . "  Uncharted 3 " is an outstanding adventure game that gives you a feature-film feeling . The environments are open and interactive . The story is unique and fresh . And the characters are portrayed in ways that make them feel real and emotional . While developers would n't say if this was the final act for Nathan Drake , there are moments in the game that answer lingering questions from previous games . Those are the "  aha " moments that put an extra shine on a wonderful game . If this is the end , "  Uncharted 3 " provides a fitting conclusion with an immersive game that keeps players invested until the final treasure is obtained . Popcorn not included .	"  Uncharted 3 " follows Nathan Drake on another adventure that promises fortune and glory The game 's pace is quick and occurs over several different types of environments Its combat has been fine-tuned but still seems uneven at times Puzzles in the game are not that challenging , but they add to the story
Pyongyang , North Korea  CNN  -- It really does n't look like much , this mission control . About a dozen tables with monitors , men in the standard issue white lab coats . But this is North Korea 's nerve center . From here scientists will be able to monitor their rocket when they try to fire a satellite into orbit . Our government minders have brought us here to the outskirts of the capital Pyongyang . It is all about access , this secretive regime opening its doors to the world 's media -- CNN included -- to answer one question : is this a missile or a satellite ? The head of the control center is huddled into a corner of the room , a crush of cameras around him . I manage to squeeze through to the front , literally straddling the sitting reporter in front of me . Rocket fueling under way "  After all your denials that this is not a missile test , I ask , why does the United States not believe you ? " My question brings a wry smile to his lips . "  The United States people are very confused , " he says . "  The U.S. says basically you 're lying , why should they trust you " ? I ask . "  This is why we have invited you here , " he replies before adding that he hopes the media can become supporters of the North Korean cause . Independent analysts though are still not totally convinced . They point to the technology itself . The rocket could easily be used for a missile as well as a satellite . "  Potentially yes , it can carry a warhead , " says Russian space policy expert Yuri Karash . "  The nuclear warhead can be the same size as a suitcase  so  it is possible to deliver it , but in this case I believe it is a satellite , " . Han Park is a North Korean specialist from the University of Georgia in the United States , and he 's also been invited as an observer by Pyongyang . He says this is all about trust . He trusts them but he does have questions . "  Is it a satellite or a missile ? Ultimately it is n't about science , but the motives of North Korea , " he says . There 's a lot riding on this rocket launch . It has essentially scuttled a much needed food aid deal with the United States and is raising tensions in an already volatile Korean Peninsula . But in the last few days it has become clear that this is not just about technology , this is a spiritual quest , this is about honoring the memory of the founding father of the nation , Kim Il Sung . This week North Koreans mark 100 years since his birth . When the rocket reaches for the skies , the people here will praise a man they see as a god .	World 's media taken to mission control near Pyongyang ahead of rocket launch North Korea insists the rocket will launch a satellite into space Others , such as the U.S. , fear this is part of Pyongyang 's missile development program
CNN  -- Gay rights activists staged a "  kiss day " at Chick-fil-A outlets nationwide Friday amid a controversy over the company president 's stance against same-sex marriages . Organizers used social media to urge same-sex couples to participate in the event and post pictures and videos online . "  I like to liken it to a married couple sharing a light kiss over a romantic meal , it 's the same thing . We 're here , and our love is just as good , " organizer Carly McGehee said . Two dozen protesters turned out in the afternoon at a Chick-fil-A location in suburban Atlanta . At least one couple shared a kiss for the assembled media . Marci Alt said she would like Chick-fil-A President Dan Cathy to meet her wife and their two children . "  We share some of the same kind of values , " Alt said . "  I think it would open his eyes to understand that just because we are a lesbian couple , we 're really not any different than him and Mrs. Cathy . " In Los Angeles , same-sex marriage supporters Luke Montgomery and Eduardo Cisneros kissed outside a Chick-fil-A restaurant . Montgomery said Jesus Christ never said anything about gay people . Referring to Cathy , the activist said , "  He needs to open the Bible before he opens his mouth . " Opinion : What the Bible really says about homosexuality Meanwhile , police in Torrance , California , were trying to find out who vandalized a Chick-fil-A restaurant with a picture of a cow and the words "  Tastes Like Hate , " CNN affiliate KTLA reported . Police Lt. Martin Vukotic said there were no immediate leads . Friday 's protests followed a Wednesday event dubbed Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day , in which Americans lined up at eateries nationwide to support the company . Chick-fil-A said it set a sales record Wednesday but declined to release the numbers . iReport : Chick-fil-A demonstrations About 14,400 people had expressed their support on a Facebook page dedicated to Friday 's protest , a tally dwarfed by those who went to Facebook to back Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . McGehee said she hopes someone will protest at each of the more than 1,600 Chick-fil-A locations . Most demonstrators will remain outside , although some have said they plan to take the protest inside , she said . Some plan to buy food with cash marked "  gay money , " she said . Chick-fil-A 's Steve Robinson , executive vice president of marketing , issued a statement saying the company appreciates all of its customers and is "  glad to serve them at any time . " The controversy started after an interview with Cathy appeared in The Baptist Press on July 16 . He weighed in with his views on family . "  We are very much supportive of the family , the biblical definition of the family unit , " he said . "  We are a family-owned business , a family-led business , and we are married to our first wives . We give God thanks for that . " The statement caused an uproar , with activists saying Cathy voiced opposition to gay marriages . Some of the protesters in Los Angeles supported Cathy 's stance , while Montgomery said same-sex marriage supporters should not be intimidated . "  We have separation of church and state , " Montgomery said . "  It 's great if they want to have their religion , but it should not interfere with our civil rights . " How the Chick-fil-A controversy evolved Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee created a Facebook page urging people to buy food at the chain during the Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day . Throngs of people heeded his call , snaking around various Chick-fil-A restaurants nationwide Wednesday . Proponents of same-sex marriage organized a simple counterprotest , asking people to donate the approximate cost of a Chick-fil-A meal , about $ 6.50 , to gay and lesbian rights groups , according to the Gay & Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation , known as GLAAD . Gay rights groups also are incensed about the chain 's financial support for what they say are anti-gay groups , largely through the WinShape Foundation , a group started by Chick-fil-A founder Truett Cathy . It 's financed almost entirely by Chick-fil-A profits . WinShape-backed groups deny that accusation , while WinShape stresses that its activities are almost entirely aimed at youth and families , as opposed to conservative advocacy . Chicken , with a side of politics CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Stella Chan and Dan Gilgoff contributed to this report .	No leads in vandalism at Torrance , California , restaurant Lesbian couple would like to meet with chain 's president The latest campaign follows a Wednesday event dubbed Chick-fil-A Appreciation Day Chick-fil-A president 's stance against same-sex marriage provoked campaigns
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities discovered and disarmed an explosive barrel Wednesday , the third to wash up on an Israeli beach this week , the Israel Defense Forces said . The barrel was found Wednesday afternoon at Palmachim beach south of Tel Aviv . On Monday , Islamic Jihad , the Fatah Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade and the Nasser Salah A din Brigades issued a leaflet in Gaza claiming responsibility for sending three explosive devices to the coastal cities Ashkelon and Ashdod . The other two barrels packed with explosives -- one found at Ashkelon and one at Ashdod -- were discovered Monday and disposed of . In response , the IDF said , the Israeli Air Force attacked "  two Hamas terrorist targets " in southern Gaza . "  One of the targets was a terror tunnel , used for the infiltration of terrorists into Israel , while the other was used for smuggling of weapons . Direct hits were identified , " the IDF said . Hamas , the movement controlling Gaza , has been vowing retaliation against Israel since one of the founding members of its military wing , Mahmoud al-Mabhouh , died last week in Dubai . Al-Mabhouh 's brother , Fayek al-Mabhouh , said that preliminary results of Hamas ' investigation of the death showed his brother was killed by electrocution and strangulation with a piece of cloth . Hamas officials accused Israel of assassinating Mahmoud al-Mabhouh . Israeli officials have not responded to that allegation .	Various Islamic groups issue a leaflet in Gaza claiming responsibility for sending devices In response , the IDF said , the Israeli Air Force attacked "  two Hamas terrorist targets " in southern Gaza Hamas vowing retaliation against Israel since one of founding members of its military wing died last week in Dubai
CNN  -- It was supposed to be part of the magic of taking the World Cup to Brazil , that a city deep in the heart of the legendary Amazonian rainforest would be hosting matches . Barring major mishap , this will come to pass but the Arena da Amazonia in Manaus may well become a venue that is remembered more for tragedy than any football theater . For the 42,000-seater arena , whose four matches include the clash between former world champions England and Italy , has been beset by problems during construction . On Friday , Antônio José Pita Martins became the third worker to die while working in or near the ground , a tally that accounts for half the fatalities during construction of the 12 stadiums for June 's finals . The 55-year-old died after being struck on the head by a piece of falling iron as a crane that had been used to build the stadium 's roof was dismantled outside the arena in northern Brazil . A hospital statement later said that a combination of head and chest injuries had caused Martins ' death . "  With great sadness we send our sincere condolences to the family , on behalf of both FIFA and the Local Organising Committee , " wrote FIFA Secretary General Jérôme Valcke on Twitter . Work at the Arena da Amazonia , which football 's world governing body FIFA had wanted to be finished in December , is one of several stadiums in Brazil running behind schedule - with just 125 days to go before the tournament begins . In December , Marcleudo de Melo Ferreira died after falling nearly 35 meters from the roof of the stadium . The 22-year-old 's death , which followed Manaus ' first fatality in March 2013 , prompted his fellow construction workers to go on strike until they received assurances of improved safety conditions . These appear to still be in some doubt following the death of Martins , a Portuguese national . A statement was released by Brazil 's Sports Minister Aldo Rebelo expressing regret for the death . "  The Sports Ministry laments the death of worker Antônio José Pita Martins , victim of an accident at the construction site of the Arena da Amazonia , on Friday , in Manaus , " he said . "  Personally and in the name of the federal government , I express deep regret and express my feelings and solidarity with the family and friends of the worker . " It is wording with which Rebelo is becoming depressingly familiar , having released a nearly identical statement in the wake of Ferreira 's death . Two other workers were killed last November in Sao Paulo , following the collapse of a crane at the stadium set to host the opening game of the finals on June 12 , while another died in Brasilia . The Manaus stadium will also stage the following matches : United States-Portugal , Cameroon-Croatia and Honduras-Switzerland . News of the death came a day after fierce clashes between police and citizens of Rio de Janeiro as the latter protested over increased public transport costs . Many Brazilians are unhappy about the huge governmental spending on the World Cup when they say such public services as schools , hospitals and infrastructure are in desperate need of repair .	Third worker dies during construction of World Cup stadium in Manaus City in the heart of the Amazon has been beset by construction problems England , Italy and Portugal all set to play at Arena da Amazonia
Charleston , South Carolina  CNN  -- A fish salesman . A restaurateur . A cigar aficionado . A retired cop . Four voters . Four candidates . No clear choice who to vote for . On the eve of the critical Southern Republican Presidential Debate in Charleston , CNN talked to several undecided voters in South Carolina . All said they were closely following the GOP campaign , yet all were frustrated about the field of candidates . Their indecision , however , makes them valuable targets , coveted by the campaigns in the final hours before the first Southern primary . In the latest CNN/ORC poll of South Carolina voters , while 57 % said they had a clear favorite , 38 % of those who initially expressed a preference for a candidate said they might change their minds , and another 8 % said they were unsure or had no clear choice . Yet , even in the confusion and frustration , these voters do agree on three things . 1  They feel strongly that President Barack Obama has to go . 2  The flurry of TV ads by the candidates and super PACs has had little impact on their decision-making process -- in fact , many say the ads have turned them off . The debates , however , have mattered greatly , they say , providing genuine insight into the candidates . 3  They are truly flummoxed about who to vote for Saturday . Here is a snapshot of four voices of indecision , what their issues are and what it will take to win their vote : ---------- Jen Jones , 46 , is the manager of a popular barbeque restaurant in Charleston -- Jim 'N Nick 's Bar-B-Q , which specializes in spare ribs , beef brisket , mac-n-cheese and Primary Bingo . She came up with the game , where each server has a sheet of paper with names of candidates , networks , politicians and menu items and are encouraged to strike up conversations with customers in order to get them to mention one of the names . Jones is a self-described "  political junkie " and former Glenn Beck fan -- "  I do n't know about him now ... " -- who now identifies herself as a fiscal conservative . Her husband runs a local Cracker Barrel restaurant and is as undecided as she is . But as engaged in the political process as she is -- "  I 've watched every debate and know all the candidates " -- she is stumped when it comes to who she will vote for Saturday . She said she 'll make up her mind after watching the debate Thursday night . "  It 's really bothering me , " she said while passing around muffins made from scratch . "  I have always known who I was going to vote for until now . I ca n't make up my mind . " Still , her analysis of the remaining GOP field is not pretty : Mitt Romney : "  He 's a Ken doll . " Ron Paul : "  Lunatic . Wacko . Crazy . " Newt Gingrich : "  He 's smart , but man , is he mean . " Rick Santorum : "  I like him , but I really do n't know a lot about him . " So , when pressured , who would she vote for ? "  I guess , if I had to , it would probably be Gingrich . Newt is the smartest guy on the stage , but he is just so negative . He went on that temper tantrum after Iowa , with all those ads . I just did n't like that . " But moments later , she changes her mind : "  Santorum . Maybe Santorum . If he ends up winning that Iowa thing  the state GOP just certified the results of the caucus declaring him the winner  , then maybe I will go for him . " "  But then there 's Romney ... " --------------- Ron Manz , 51 , is the owner of CharlestonSeafood.com , an online seafood delivery company . He 's originally from Pittsburgh but moved to South Carolina a decade ago to start his own business . He was hit hard by the Gulf oil spill in 2010 , which decimated the fishing industry for months . But as a staunch conservative , he still supports offshore drilling and opposes excessive government regulation . Manz has been disappointed by the nasty tone of the campaign in his adopted state this week , calling it "  too down and dirty , too negative . " And he ca n't stand the millions of dollars spent on "  useless " campaign ads and super PAC commercials . "  I 'm really tired of them , " he said . "  But I 'm tired of the Geico commercials , too . " In 2008 , he supported John McCain . In 2012 , he is leaning toward Romney . But he is still not sold . He also said he would probably make up his mind after Thursday night 's debate . "  It would take a catastrophic error for me not to go with Mitt , " he said hesitantly . "  If Mitt does n't screw up -- say , he has a baby out there or something -- then I 'm probably leaning his way . But that all could change after the debate . " His take on the lineup of candidates -- "  They 've all got baggage . " Gingrich : "  He 's just another old fat white guy . " Santorum : "  I think he wants to punch Newt in the face . " Paul : "  He 's way out there . He frightens me . " A self-described tea party supporter , Manz now thinks the movement may have strayed too far since its historic victory in the 2010 midterms . Today , he doubts the tea party has much power in the current bid for the White House . "  Their best days are behind them . They 've just gotten too extreme . " But he is clear and unwavering in his dislike for the current president . "  Are you kidding me ? Four more years of the same old same old ? It would be dreadful for the country . " -------------- Joe Hightower , a retired Charleston County deputy sheriff now living in Goose Creek , counts himself among the firmly undecided . Sitting in a local cigar shop , nursing a half-smoked stogie , Hightower worries out loud about the uninspired field . "  I 'm stuck , " he said , exasperated . "  I 'm not seeing a real clear choice here . It 's either bad , real bad or worse . " His take on the GOP field is n't all that generous , either . Gingrich : "  He 's smart . Sure . But I just do n't trust him . He 's an egotistical so-and-so . " Santorum : "  He simply does n't have the experience . He 's just not ready . " Paul : "  He 's a little too extreme for me . Kind of wacko . " When asked if he had to make a decision today , he paused , saying reluctantly , "  Well , if I had a gun to my head , right now , I guess I 'd have to go for Romney . But that 's only with a gun to my head . " Hightower said he , too , has closely watched the series of debates , and they have been key in his decision process . "  You can see who they really are . Under pressure , those debates really bring out their true self . " But the TV ads that have saturated South Carolina airwaves ? "  I do n't pay any attention to them , none whatsoever . " The one thing , however , that Hightower is clear about is his disappointment in the job Obama has done , although he admits he supported him in 2008 . "  I just want Obama out , " he said bluntly . "  I voted for him last time around , but that wo n't happen again . No way . " ---------- Kim Rittinghouse , 47 , the owner of the Kingston Cigar Shop , has two sons in their early 20s . One is a marine biologist . The other is a Marine . "  I guess either way , if they do budget cuts , my boys will get cut , too . " Nevertheless , she said , she supports the conservatives ' efforts to shrink the size of the federal government . "  It 's just gotten out of control . " In 2008 , she voted for Obama in the primaries but switched to support McCain in the general election . This year , first she hoped New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie would have run for the nomination -- "  I like him . He 's bold but has a little finesse " -- then she turned her support to Herman Cain -- "  Yeah , I was definitely on the Cain Train . " Now , she says , it 's a tossup . "  You know , I might just listen to what Sarah Palin said . I am almost leaning toward Newt Gingrich , just so we can keep this thing going . " Her take on the GOP field ? Romney : "  I like his business experience . " Santorum : "  He 's a long shot . " Paul : "  I like his budget cutting , but he is kind of crazy . " Gingrich : "  He 's definitely the smartest one out there , but he has a huge ego . " "  If you could just pull them all together , you 'd have one great candidate ! "	Days before the South Carolina primary , many voters do n't know what to do Frustrated with the field , flummoxed by the choices , some will wait and see Most say Thursday night 's CNN debate in Charleston could be deciding factor
Paris , France  CNN  -- Western Europe was dealing with the aftermath of violent weather Monday after a winter storm dubbed "  Xynthia " battered at least six countries , leaving at least 58 people dead , authorities said . Hardest hit was France , where at least 47 people were killed , according to the Interior Ministry . French President Nicolas Sarkozy visited the departments of Charente-Maritime and Vendee on the nation 's west coast Monday , where the extra-tropical cyclone hit . "  It 's a national catastrophe , " French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said Sunday . "  Many people drowned , surprised by the rapid rise of the water . " The combination of hurricane-force winds and high tide inundated parts of the coastal region . "  It was rushing in , it broke down the walls around the garden and the gate , " a resident of Aiguillon-Sur-Mer , in the department of Vendee , told CNN affiliate BFM-TV . Hundreds of people had to be rescued from their rooftops overnight . Were you affected ? Send your pics , videos to iReport . "  The water was up to the gutters , " said one woman , who spent the night on the roof with her children . By Monday rescuers in boats and helicopters continued to search to find the missing in homes overrun by flooding , Agence France-Press said . Residents of the village of Aytre , in Charente-Maritime , saw a wave of water measuring one-meter high come into the center of town . "  It was unreal , " Aytre Mayor Suzanne Tallard told BFM-TV . At least 500,00 households were without power Monday morning , said Electricite de France . The utility said all power should be restored by Wednesday . President Sarkozy said he was making $ 3 million  $ 4 million  of emergency funds available for the victims and promised that electricity would be restored by Tuesday , AFP reported . The agency added that the European Union was ready to offer support for the countries affected . French Interior Minister Brice Hortefeux told the affiliate that 350 soldiers and 3,250 firefighters have been mobilized to assist in the aftermath . The high winds -- at times spiking to 200 km/h  124 mph  -- reached inland as far as Paris . Gusts of up to 175 km/h  108 mph  were measured at the top of the Eiffel Tower on Saturday , said Eboni Deon , CNN meteorologist . As many as 100 flights were canceled at the Paris-Charles de Gaulle International Airport on Sunday because of the blustery conditions , the affiliate reported . All major French airports were back to normal schedules Monday . A the storm 's peak , Hurricane-strength winds stretched from Portugal northeast to the Netherlands . The storm killed five people in Germany , officials said . Four of them died after being hit by falling trees . A fifth , a 2-year-old boy near the town of Biblis , drowned when he was blown into a river . Train service was slowly returning to normal in Germany on Monday after massive disruptions and a partial shutdown of services in the states of North Rhine-Westfalia , Baden-Wuerttemberg , and Hesse a day earlier , railway Deutsche Bahn reported . Crews spent the overnight hours clearing tracks of debris . In Spain , at least three people were killed by the storm , Spanish Interior Minister Alfredo Perez Rubalcaba said Sunday . Two children died in a car accident and one more person was killed in northwestern Spain , the minister said in a news conference on CNN sister station CNN + . A 10-year-old child was killed by a falling tree in the high winds in Portugal , said Patricia Gaspar , national operations assistant with the Portuguese National Authority for Civil Protection . There are also some power outages in the country , Gaspar said . Some residents have reported roofs blown off and smaller houses collapsing , she added . A man was killed by a falling tree in Belgium , Peter Mertens , a spokesman for Belgium 's Interior Ministry , said . Eastern Belgium saw the worst of the storm , Mertens said . "  They 've had problems with fallen trees , roofs blown off and electricity cables not working . But it seems the worst part has passed now , " he added . The storm also reached England , where one woman was reported dead when the vehicle she was driving became submerged and washed down a swollen creek in the northeastern part of the country . The body of the 53-year-old woman was recovered downstream , North Yorkshire Police said in a phone message to the media . CNN 's Al Goodman in Madrid , Spain ; Per Nyberg in London , England ; Frederik Pleitgen in Berlin , Germany ; and Estelle Eonnet and Lorraine Gublin in Paris contributed to this report .	At least 55 deaths from extra-tropical cyclone , 45 of them in France High winds -- at times spiking to 200 km/h  124 mph  -- reached as far as Paris At least 100 flights canceled at Paris-Charles de Gaulle International Airport Deaths also reported in Spain , Portugal , Belgium , Germany and England
CNN  -- First trip to Malmo ? Here 's some insider advice to help you get the most out of your visit . Locals like to take a cold dip after a sauna at Ribersborgs Kallbadhus . Getting around town Most of Malmo 's attractions are reachable by foot , but flat terrain and an abundance of cycle paths also make the city ideal to explore by bike . Rentals run around 120 kronor . You can also jump on the eco-friendly buses that criss-cross the city . Visit the tourist office at Central Station for maps . If you opt for a taxi , be sure to set the price of the trip with the driver before setting off . Ice cool For more than a century , locals have been visiting the Ribersborgs Kallbadhus for a steam in the sauna followed by a dip in the Baltic . The swimming baths are open year-round . If you want to blend in with the locals , brave the elements and hit the baths in the winter for an icy plunge . A better time to visit for the less adventurous is in the summer , when the baths are open for sunbathing . Living green As part of its post-industrial transformation , Malmo has become a leader in environmental design . The city 's green achievements are reflected by the Bo01 housing development , a waterfront regeneration project with a focus on environmentally-friendly living . For the latest in green design , visit the Western Harbor and Augustenborg neighborhoods . For a more informed look , contact the local Environmental Department , which occasionally offers free guided tours of the city 's ecologically sustainable areas . Around the Sound Malmo is located just 35 minutes by train from the Danish capital of Copenhagen , and every day thousands travel between the two cities via the Oresund Bridge . Trains leave from Malmo every 20 minutes for most of the day . After midnight , service is less frequent . The two cities are part of Scandinavia 's Oresund region -- the transnational area made up of southern Sweden and eastern Denmark . The best way to explore the Oresund region is with an "  Around the Sound " ticket , which gives you access to all the trains you need to travel around the area , including the ride across the Oresund Bridge . You can make as many stops as you want as long as you travel in one direction . Tickets are good for two days and also get you discounts to the major attractions in the region . Prices depend on how far you travel and start from 199 kronor . Feasting on crayfish Swedes are crazy about crayfish , and outdoor festivities celebrating the crustacean are held across the nation to mark the end of summer . In Malmo , head to Stortorget , the city 's main square , for one of the biggest crayfish parties in the world . The massive celebration is held annually to kick off the popular Malmo Festival . Swedes like their crayfish cooked in salty water infused with dill . Blend in with the locals by eating it cold with toast and beer . To really get into the tradition , wash down the crayfish with akvavit , a Scandinavian kind of vodka .	Walking is the cheapest and easiest way to explore Malmo Have a steam followed by an icy dip in the sea for a truly local experience Enjoy a two-nation vacation by taking a trip to nearby Copenhagen Feasting on crayfish is a traditional way to mark the end of summer
London  CNN  -- After generations of conflict , the clamor of the Israeli-Palestinian dispute has the tendency to drown out other voices and stories from the region . The work of multimedia artist Dor Guez -- whose identity as a Palestinian Christian living in Israel makes him "  a minority within a minority " -- aims to rectify this . Through the use of video , historical photographs and documents , the Jaffa-based Guez tells the narrative of a marginalized community . "  It 's not about supporting one cause or another , " he says . "  It 's about having this voice heard among other voices . " Guez , whose first solo show in the U.K. , "  40 Days , " opens in London 's Mosaic Rooms gallery on April 12 , focuses on depicting the experiences of the Middle East 's Palestinian Christian minorities , including his own family . While his father is of Jewish-Tunisian descent , Guez 's mother is a Christian Palestinian , her family hailing from Lod , known in Arabic as al-Lyddan , ancient city 15 kilometers  9 miles  southeast of Tel Aviv . The city is home to the Church of St. George , a major shrine to the 4th-century Christian martyr . "  The cemetery is where my grandfather is buried , my great-grandfather , for many generations back , " Guez says . "  It can be under Israeli , Turkish , British regime ; we have zero control over it , being a weak and small minority -- weak in numbers , not in education . But we have a connection to the place itself . " Read more : A great year for Middle East cinema When the territory was claimed by the newly declared state of Israel in 1948 , the Arabs were expelled , with only about 1,050 remaining . Some of Guez 's family resettled in London , Oman and Cairo , but others remained , finding themselves in an "  extremely complicated and difficult " situation , he says . "  We have pressure from both groups -- the Muslim Palestinians and the Israelis -- to identify with their goals , " he says . "  I think that in the case of the Christian Palestinians , we really got stuck in between sometimes . " Guez says the community had to negotiate their identity against two majority groups -- Israeli Jews and Muslim Arabs -- displaying a dual attitude towards both groups to protect their identity . On the one hand , he says , they demonstrated their will to integrate , but they also had a clear desire to maintain a distinct cultural identity . "  Both Jewish society and Muslim society fail to understand the versatility of the Christian minority , as well as its religious , social and cultural needs , " he says . Today , the majority of Palestinian Christians live outside Israel and the Palestinian territories . According to Israel 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , there are about 120,000 Christian Arabs in Israel . Guez 's art draws heavily on the Christian Palestinian Archive , an electronic database he started that catalogs photographs , passports , birth certificates and other documents from the community 's history . It started out as a family archive but quickly snowballed to include members of the Palestinian Christian diaspora throughout the world , he says . "  I started thinking , ` Why do n't we as a community have our own archive , when almost every culture around the world has one ? ' " he says . "  Obviously , it 's because of political reasons . A lot of Christians around the Middle East do n't want to build an archive because it will be interpreted as a political act of separation . " Read more : Oman 's love for the arts Omar Al-Qattan , secretary of the board of trustees behind the Mosaic Rooms , said Guez 's personal background informed his work . "  He is the product of two conflicting realities -- the creation of the state of Israel which made it possible for his father 's Jewish Tunisian family to immigrate to Israel and the dispossession of his mother 's family , " he says . Guez 's focus on the fate of the region 's minorities was particularly poignant "  in a time of great sectarian tension -- in Egypt , Syria , Iraq and quite possibly elsewhere , " Al-Qattan says . Guez says his work had provoked strong reactions in Israel . "  Some of them are very supportive , but a lot of them are like , ` You 're a traitor -- why should a museum in Israel show the narrative of Palestinians ? ' " he says . "  I think that 's a part of the dialogue with audience . I would have been surprised if it was received quietly -- not that I think of what I do as something provocative . I do n't . " Rather , he says , his work is about asking "  what is nationality " and "  creating a community through individual voices . " "  I think that what unifies people is a will , " he says , adding that there are "  many different voices within what we call Palestine . I think that 's something that 's very important to remember . "	Dor Guez is an artist who has dedicated himself to telling the story of Palestinian Christian communities He has launched a Christian Palestinian Archive which he draws on heavily for his work He says the community negotiates its identity against Jewish Israelis and Muslim Arabs
CNN  -- Arsenal have signed Moroccan international striker Marouane Chamakh from Bordeaux on a free transfer . Chamakh , 26 , joins the London club on a "  long-term contract , " the English Premier League team said in a statement on its Web site . His contract with the French club had run out , allowing him to move without a transfer fee . Chamakh scored 14 goals as Bordeaux ended Lyon 's seven-year reign as French champions in 2009 and helped the southwest France club reach the quarterfinals of Europe 's Champions League this season . "  Chamakh is a striker of real quality and has all the attributes suited to come to England and do very well , " said Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger . "  He is also a fighter , not only a good football player , but a fighter as well . He is very good in the air and also a good team player . He is a great addition to our squad . " Chamakh has scored 27 times in 53 appearances for Morroco and was part of the side which reached the 2004 Africa Cup of Nations final . "  My goal was to join Arsenal out of the all the English clubs because it is a club that makes me dream and I have been a fan since I was a child , " said Chamakh . "  We have many great players at Arsenal and I will be giving everything to help the team win trophies next season . " Arsenal finished third in the Premier League last season , and have not won a trophy since the F.A. Cup in 2005 . Club captain Cesc Fabregas has been strongly linked with a move to Spanish champions Barcelona .	Arsenal sign Marouane Chamakh from Bordeaux for an undisclosed fee Chamakh helped Bordeaux win the French League in 2009 Arsene Wenger says Chamakh has "  all the attributes " to do well in England .
