CNN  -- Residents of the Southwest are bracing for a blizzard to kick off the holiday week with heavy snows , strong winds and icy roads that could make driving across the region dangerous . The snow is forecast to start battering northeast New Mexico in the wee hours of Monday morning . State emergency personnel and transportation crews there are on call , officials say , ready to act if and when the storm hits hard . Residents , meanwhile , have made their own preparations -- even on an otherwise picturesque day on Sunday , with sunny skies and temperatures in the 60s in some locales . "  I went to the grocery store , and it was packed , " said Kevin Mueller of Tucumcari , where he and his wife run the historic Blue Swallow Inn . "  People are out there , stocking up . " The National Weather Service has issued a blizzard warning for much of Monday and Tuesday in large swaths of northeast New Mexico , southeast Colorado , southwest Kansas , northern Texas and the Oklahoma Panhandle . Winter storm warnings and winter weather advisories are in effect for other parts of all those states as well . That means places like Santa Rosa , New Mexico , and Springfield , Colorado , could see up to 2 feet of snow , though 8 inches to 16 inches will more likely be the norm and lesser amounts may fall in other locales . That snow will combine with potent winds , which are expected to be between 25 and 45 mph in spots . The storm is the product of a "  sharp blast of cold air " from the north that will turn rain into snow and possibly lead to "  white-out conditions , " the weather service said . "  Travel will become dangerous , if not impossible across the region , " the weather agency 's New Mexico division predicts . Are you there ? Share photos , video About 700 New Mexico highway personnel are set to clear the roads , with plenty of road salt also on hand to deal with ice , said Manon Arnett , a spokeswoman for the state transportation department . Those crews will be out focusing first on interstates , then on other roads , she added . If visibility diminishes or the roadway gets too slick , it will be up to state police as to whether a given thoroughfare is temporarily shut down , according to Arnett . While the traffic management center opened at 7 p.m. MST  9 p.m. EST  Sunday , New Mexico had not activated its 24-hour emergency center as of then . State emergency management spokesman Nick Piatek said personnel are on call , with food and fuel sources ready to transport to those who need them . Private companies are trying to get ahead of the storm as well . Drivers have been prepped , trucks have been filled with fuel , and tire chains are available for those at All-Rite Towing and Repair in Tucumcari , according to a long-time employee there who asked only to be identified as Linda . "  It 's going to be a big one for us , " she said , warning that hard-to-see "  black ice " may slip up drivers and electricity outages could close gas stations . Southeast Colorado is also expected to experience blizzard conditions , with the National Weather Service warning people to "  avoid traveling in the area . " "  Life-threatening winter weather conditions are expected , " the agency said . No flights had been canceled as of Sunday night at Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport in north Texas , said aviation director Patrick Rhodes . But the officials there have talked about what to do next at a planning meeting Sunday , including getting the airport 's six snow plows ready . "  We 're on the dividing line between 3 inches and 9 inches  of snow  , " he said . Amarillo residents were told to expect rain overnight that will switch to snow Monday afternoon . In Tucumcari , Mueller said his inn has emptied , like many store shelves , ahead of the storm . He 's hoping the wintry weather wo n't prevent his son , who is set to fly in from Kentucky on Tuesday , from reuniting with the family in time for Christmas . As for unexpected guests at the inn , Mueller said that he has a plow ready to clear the driveway and rooms are ready for snow-weary travelers . "  We plan to leave our lights on , " he said . "  If we get calls , we 're ready to help . " CNN 's Greg Botelho , Jessica Jordan and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Transportation and emergency crews are on call in New Mexico , officials say A market in Tucumcari , New Mexico , was "  packed " Sunday , a resident says "  It 's going to be a big one for us , " another resident says A blizzard warning is out for parts of New Mexico , Colorado , Texas , Oklahoma and Kansas
CNN  -- President Barack Obama has accomplished some extraordinary things but can he really shoot down a fighter jet ? The F-22 Raptor is the most expensive jet fighter ever built . The plane is the F-22 Raptor , a supersonic stealth marvel that looks like it 's flown straight out of a Hollywood action film . It is being built for the U.S. Air Force , boasting the most advanced technology in the sky . "  You talk to any aviator in the world , ask what they would like to fly , and if they do n't say the F-22 then they are lying , " U.S. Major Derek Routt told The Atlantic magazine . "  I would kill to fly it . " The U.S. government has ordered nearly 200 of them , even as the price has rocketed to more than $ 350 million each , making the Lockheed Martin/Boeing F-22 the most expensive fighter ever built . But it 's never been used in combat and it 's not clear when it will be . The U.S. simply does n't face any enemies with planes advanced enough to bother sending out an F-22 . "  The reality is we are fighting two wars , in Iraq and Afghanistan , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates said , "  and the F-22 has not performed a single mission in either theater . " Gates does n't want any more of them . Obama , who campaigned for the presidency criticizing what he considers wasteful military spending , does n't either . Is the F-22 essential military spending or a waste of money ? Sound Off below But it 's the U.S. Congress that actually funds the military . A lot of its members want to see more F-22s taking off , to keep the U.S. air force ahead of potential rivals and protect thousands of factory jobs across the country . "  We need to maintain that air superiority , " said Congressman Phil Gingrey , whose district is home to the main F-22 assembly line . "  This is not just about 2,200 jobs , although with the economy as it is , and all these job losses , it 's kind of preposterous to think that this administration would close  them  down . " The Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives has voted to order a dozen more planes . But the full Congress would still have to vote and Obama would have to sign the legislation . He says he will veto it instead . The president is taking aim at the F-22 but the fighter jet probably wo n't go down without a fight .	U.S. President Obama faces battle with Congress over new F-22 Raptor Obama , Defense Secretary Gates do n't want any more of the $ 350M fighter jets Many in Congress see F-22 as way of protecting defense industry jobs Obama has threatened to veto legislation ordering more fighter jets
Washington  CNN  -- Ron Paul supporters were never that trusting of his son , Rand Paul . To ardent Ron Paul legions who energized his bid for the presidency around his libertarian principles , Rand Paul reflected a corrupt , business-as-usual political system -- one that asked people to compromise their beliefs in the quest for power . They saw Ron Paul , a former Texas congressman , rising above that until this week when Rand Paul , the Kentucky senator who is viewed as a potential presidential candidate in 2016 , blazed his own path toward their hearts and minds . He appealed to civil libertarians at their core by challenging the White House nominee to head the CIA , and pushing the Obama administration to clarify -- not once , but twice -- its policy on targeting Americans in counter-terror operations with lethal force . He threw the faithful a healthy portion of red political meat with a 13-hour filibuster over John Brennan , who was confirmed to the CIA post on Thursday . Brennan was President Barack Obama 's chief counter-terrorism adviser . Rand Paul highlighted his dissatisfaction with the response of the administration to his question of whether it could use a drone to kill Americans on U.S. soil . The issue resonates with both libertarians on the far right and liberals on the far left by challenging what they consider to be excessive government powers . In particular , Paul sought clarity that only a war enemy -- even if a U.S. citizen -- could be targeted . His Senate marathon amounted to a libertarian clinic . He quoted libertarian thinkers , emphasized the infallibility of the Constitution and elevated the drone discussion . And Ron Paul devotees noticed . "  I think this definitely scored him some points , " said Gary Franchi , the former chair of the Revolution PAC . "  I was getting a lot of messages from people saying ` Wow , Rand is stepping up . ' People were really positive about it . " "  You have to give credit where credit is due and when someone does something that is clearly fighting for the people 's liberty , then regardless of how you feel about that person , you have to take notice , " Jordan Page , an ardent Paul supporter and musician for the campaign said . "  Rand , these days , is the lone senator standing up against injustice . " During the 2012 campaign , Ron Paul wielded great of influence among a small , but fervent , group of supporters . That passion turned into a fundraising operation that even establishment Republican candidates envied . When Ron Paul withdrew from the Republican race , more establishment members of the party saw Rand Paul as the inheritor of his father 's following . Many in the Ron Paul movement challenged that assumption . Then Rand Paul began to speak shortly before noon on Wednesday . "  I rise today to begin to filibuster John Brennan 's nomination for the CIA . I will speak until I can no longer speak . I will speak as long as it takes , " he said . Blogs dedicated to the liberty movement , a nickname for the Ron Paul campaign , began to blow up with posts about the filibuster . Radio shows dedicated to Ron Paul scrapped their original programming and covered Rand Paul live . And the hashtag #standwithRand , a tag that has long been used by libertarian supporters of Rand Paul , began to trend worldwide . As the hours ticked by , Rand Paul 's image among Ron Paul supporters began to change . Even those who ardently opposed Rand Paul during his father 's 2012 campaign for president began to soften . "  I was skeptical of Rand Paul from the beginning , " said John Bush , a radio host and event organizer for the 2012 Ron Paul campaign . "  I appreciate what Rand Paul did last night and I think it sent a very strong message . I have a much higher opinion of him than I did before . " The distrust of Rand Paul stems from Senate votes and decisions he made during the 2012 campaign . In particular , Ron Paul supporters have pointed to Rand Paul 's support of Israel and use of economic sanctions , which they see as overstepping the bounds of American power , as a few of the many reasons they were skeptical of the junior senator from Kentucky . "  The reason why Ron Paul got such a following was because he was pillar with his principles , " Mike Salvi , a Philadelphia-based Ron Paul organizer said during the 2012 campaign . "  I do n't see that in Rand . " Distrust deepened when Rand Paul endorsed Mitt Romney for president last July . Many Ron Paul supporters were still angling for influence at the Republican National Convention and were appalled at the decision . They felt the senator betrayed his father , cementing long held skepticism . "  Mitt Romney was the straw that broke the camel 's back , " said Chuck Suter , a Ron Paul supporter who organized events for the presidential campaign . Suter , who supported Rand Paul throughout Ron Paul 's presidential campaign , said that the Romney endorsement was incredibly difficult to defend . He said he took heat from outspoken Ron Paul supporters . Suter said that Rand Paul 's filibuster provided some vindication . "  What last night did for me was it affirmed everything that I had done even when it was hard for me to go out and defend Rand when he endorsed Romney , " Suter said . "  Last night was the shining jewel of what Rand Paul is all about , to play politics where his father may have not . " Hammered by conservatives on Twitter to #StandWithRand , a number of more establishment senators streamed into the Senate to relieve Paul of his speaking duties and support his cause . They included Sen. Marco Rubio , who many see as the frontrunner for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination and someone who Ron Paul supporters view as anointed by the establishment . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , the personification of "  establishment " to many Paul supporters , also took part . To many Paul supporters , that sort of high-profile backing was icing on the cake . "  Everybody use to say there is no point in working with the GOP because of the mindset that there is no way that you can get Mitch McConnell and Marco Rubio to stand on the ... floor like that , " Suter said . "  Last night changed things . " And although Paul has said he wo n't make a decision about a 2016 race until next year , his prolonged filibuster has warmed the mood among once doubtful libertarians . "  I would n't mind if Rand Paul was president , " said Bush , a voter who said he is n't sure he even support the idea of the presidency . "  It would certainly be better than Marco Rubio or Mitt Romney or any of the other goons that the GOP will put up for the nomination . "	Rand Paul 's 13-hour filibuster helped him gain respect from father 's 2012 supporters Ron Paul 's supporters were distrustful of his son , who they see as the establishment Blogs and media that supported Ron Paul voiced support for Rand Paul during filibuster Some Ron Paul supporters who were wary of Rand Paul say they 're changing their mind
MUNICH , Germany  CNN  -- Juliane Koepcke is not someone you 'd expect to attract attention . Plainly dressed and wearing prescription glasses , Koepcke sits behind her desk at the Zoological Center in Munich , Germany , where she 's a librarian . Juliane Koepcke fell more than 3kms after the plane in which she was traveling broke up in midair . Yet this unassuming middle aged woman has one of the most exciting and unbelievable stories of tragedy and survival to tell . It was Christmas Eve , 1971 , when Koepcke , then aged 17 , and her mother boarded a Lockheed Electra turboprop for a flight from Lima , Peru , to Pucallpa in the Amazonian rainforest . Her parents , both famous zoologists , ran a research station in the jungle studying wildlife . The airline , LANSA , had already lost two aircraft in previous crashes . "  We knew the airline had a bad reputation , " Koepcke told CNN , "  but we desperately wanted to be with my father for Christmas , so we figured it would be alright . " The flight was supposed to last for less than an hour and for the first 25 minutes everything was fine , Koepcke recalled . "  Then we flew into heavy clouds and the plane started shaking . My mother was very nervous . Then to the right we saw a bright flash and the plane went into a nose dive . My mother said , ` This is it ! ' " An accident investigation later found that one of the fuel tanks of the Lockheed Electra had been hit by a bolt of lightning which had torn the right wing off . "  We were headed straight down . Christmas presents were flying around the cabin and I could hear people screaming . " Watch Koepcke tell her dramatic survivor 's story " As the plane broke into pieces in midair , Koepcke was thrust out into the open air : "  Suddenly there was this amazing silence . The plane was gone . I must have been unconscious and then came to in midair . I was flying , spinning through the air and I could see the forest spinning beneath me . " Then Koepcke lost consciousness again . She fell more than three kilometers  two miles  into the jungle canopy but miraculously survived with only minor injuries . Ninety-one other people aboard Flight 508 died . Koepcke says she is not a spiritual person and has tried to find logical explanations for why she survived . "  Maybe it was the fact that I was still attached to a whole row of seats , " she says . "  It was rotating much like the helicopter and that might have slowed the fall . Also , the place I landed had very thick foliage and that might have lessened the impact . " In any case she survived with only minor injuries . Her collarbone was broken , her right eye swollen shut , she was suffering concussion and had large gashes on her arms and legs . "  I did n't wake up until nine o'clock the next morning . I know this because my watch was still working . So I must have been unconscious the whole afternoon and the night . When I came to I was alone , just me ... and my row of seats . " Her ordeal was far from over . Rescue planes and search crews were unable to locate the crash site and Koepcke was stranded in the jungle alone . But she had spent years on the research station with her parents and her father had taught her how to survive in the rainforest -- she knew how to cope in that environment . " "  He said if you find a creek , follow it because that will lead to a stream and a stream will lead to a bigger river and that 's where you 'll find help . " The day after the crash she found a creek and started to wade down stream , but it was tough going . The only food she had was some candy she had found at the crash site and her wounds were quickly infested with parasites . "  I had a cut on my arm and after a few days I could feel there was something in it . I took a look and a fly had laid her eggs in the hole . It was full of maggots . I was afraid I would lose my arm . Later , after I was rescued it was treated and more than 50 maggots were found inside . I still wonder how so many maggots could have fitted into that little hole , it was no bigger than a one euro coin . " As she travelled downstream , Koepcke discovered more wreckage from the plane -- and found some of the crash victims . "  I found another row of seats with three dead women still strapped in . They had landed head-first and the impact must have been so hard that they were buried almost two feet into the ground . "  I was horrified -- I did n't want to touch them but I wanted to make sure that my mother was n't one of them . So I took a stick and knocked a shoe off one of the bodies . The toe nails had nail polish on them and I knew it could not have been my mother because she never used nail polish . " Juliane continued through the rainforest , wading through jungle streams infested with crocodiles , piranhas and devil rays . "  Sometimes I would see a crocodile on the bank and it would start into the water towards me , but I was not afraid . I knew crocodiles do n't tend to attack humans . " After 10 days , starved and exhausted , Koepke finally came upon a small boat and a hut on the river . She stayed there , hoping to be rescued . The next day a group of Peruvian lumberjacks found her and brought her to the next town . She became known as the miracle girl and was hounded by Peruvian media , receiving hundreds of letters from people she had never met before . "  It was so strange , " she says , smiling . "  Some of the letters were simply addressed ` Juliane -- Peru ' but they still all found their way to me . " The events of 1971 still haunt Koepcke and she says the memories are especially clear when she is confronted with airline disasters like last month 's Air France crash off the coast of Brazil . "  It just horrifies me . I only hope it all went quickly for those on board . "	German girl , 17 , was only survivor of 1971 plane crash in Peruvian rainforest Juliane Koepcke fell more than 3km into jungle attached to a row of seats Koepcke suffered minor injuries , survived for 10 days alone in rainforest Koepcke haunted by ordeal ; especially when confronted with other air disasters
CNN  -- If you find yourself asking "  where 's the beef ? " you may have a case of the Mondays . Meatless Monday is an increasingly popular movement in which carnivores cut out meat one day a week for health and environmental reasons . The campaign started in 2003 as a nonprofit public health initiative of The Monday Campaigns , in association with the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health and the Johns Hopkins Center for a Livable Future in Baltimore , Maryland . But aside from the alliteration , why meatless and why Monday ? "  Studies suggest we are more likely to maintain behaviors begun on Monday throughout the week , " according to the Healthy Monday public health campaign . Research compiled by the initiative suggests going meatless conserves water , reduces carbon footprints and lowers intake of saturated fats . "  You certainly do n't need to eat meat to get protein . Meat is an important part of your diet , but you do n't need to eat it every day of the week , " Ralph Logiscli , director of the Healthy Monday Project , told CNN . On April 12 , Johns Hopkins Hospital 's cafeteria began offering only vegetarian options in its Wellness Corner on Mondays . "  If you think chili needs meat , you do n't know beans , " touts a promotional poster featuring the cafeteria 's chef , Shawn Fields . There are vocal critics . When Baltimore City Public Schools adopted Meatless Mondays last year as a way to cut costs , conservative commentator Glenn Beck deemed it an indoctrination of children to vegetarianism and veganism and decried it as an over-extension of governmental control . "  Americans love our steaks , we love our chops , we love our burgers , and you 'll throw me in jail , my last meal will be a giant steak , " Beck said . J. Patrick Boyle , president and CEO of the American Meat Institute , wrote the movement was "  depriving children and their parents of the ability to determine what is appropriate for their diets and their own personal circumstances . " The concept of Meatless Monday is not new . During World War I , the U.S. Food Administration called for "  Meatless Mondays " and "  Wheatless Wednesdays " to aid war effort . It told the public that "  Food Will Win the War " though the effort to reserve food to be shipped to American servicemen abroad . The rise of the meatless movement during the past year is speculated to be part of the "  Oprah Effect " and has drawn some major celebrity supporters . Food activist and author of "  The Omnivore 's Dilemma , " Michael Pollan , announced on "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " in April 2009 that he participates in the phenomenon and urged viewers to do so . "  To the extent we push meat a little bit to the side and move vegetables to the center of our diet , we 're also going to be a lot healthier , " he said . Celebrity chef and cookbook author Katie Lee publicly participates in Meatless Mondays , often offering up her meat-free eats on her Twitter  @katieleekitchen  account . "  Delicious lunch on a meat-free Monday at Sant Ambroeus ... arugula salad w / shaved parmesan and spaghettino arrabiata , " she wrote in a recent Tweet , and Gwyneth Paltrow 's GOOP newsletter shared vegetarian recipes from the perennially star-studded Mr. Chow restaurant . In June 2009 , even a Beatle got in on the "  all you need is vegetables " action . Sir Paul McCartney and his daughters , Stella and Mary , launched Meat Free Monday in the United Kingdom to raise awareness about the climate-changing effects of meat production and consumption . "  Having one designated meat-free day a week is actually a meaningful change that everyone can make , that goes to the heart of several important political , environmental and ethical issues all at once , " Paul McCartney , a long-outspoken vegetarian , said . "  For instance it not only addresses pollution , but better health , the ethical treatment of animals , global hunger and community and political activism . " It 's not just the glitterati getting in on the action ; entire cities are promoting a weekly meat hiatus . San Francisco , the home of local food evangelists such as chef Alice Waters , became the first official Meatless Monday city in the United States on April 7 . The city 's Board of Supervisors approved a resolution pushing for more vegetarian offerings on Mondays , without requiring them . Whether Meatless Mondays prove in the long run to have any palpable effect on the environment or individual health as Earth Day celebrates its 40th anniversary , it 's certainly food for thought .	A growing movement encourages people not to eat meat on Mondays Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health is associated with the project Michael Pollan , Katie Lee and Paul McCartney are big supporters of Meatless Mondays
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- An explosion killed at least 22 people and wounded 60 others Tuesday in the central Pakistani city of Dera Ghazi Khan , said a rescue service official . The dead included two children , three women and 17 men , said , Mubarak Ali Athar , the regional police chief in Dera Ghazi Khan . Three people were critically injured , he said . The blast ripped through a market located near the house of a senior adviser to the chief minister of Punjab province , said the official , Mohammed Hasnain . The adviser , Sardar Zulfiqar Muhammad Khosa , is a former provincial governor and a senior opposition party politician . He said he was the target of the attack , though police initially said he was not the intended target . Khosa told CNN that none of his family members were in the house when the attack occurred . He also said that he had never before received any threats against his life . The attacker detonated his car in front of the main gate at Khosa 's house , said Hassan Iqbal , a senior government official . About 20 shops in the market were left in heaps of rubble . Journalist Umar Aziz Khan contributed to this report .	Attack on market in Dera Ghazi Khan leaves 22 dead , 60 wounded Attacker detonated car in front of Sardar Zulfiqar Muhammad Khosa 's home Former provincial governor claims he was intended target of attack
CNN  -- The saga of Jack the cat , the lost pet that roamed New York 's John F. Kennedy International Airport for weeks before being found last month , has an unhappy ending . The feline had to be euthanized Sunday evening , American Airlines announced on Facebook , where the cat 's plight has attracted thousands of followers . "  We are deeply saddened that Jack the cat has passed away , and we offer profound sympathy to Jack 's owner , Karen Pascoe , for her loss , " the airline wrote . "  From all of us at American , our sincere apologies to Karen and Jack 's family and friends . " It was less than two weeks ago the airline announced that Jack had turned up in Kennedy 's customs room after being missing for two months . The carrier originally described him as "  well , " but a health check revealed a number of problems . "  Jack had extensive wounds on the back of his body , and the wounds were unable to heal because his skin had deteriorated due to the malnutrition that occurred while he was lost , " said Pascoe 's friends in a post on "  Jack The Cat is Lost in AA Baggage at JFK , " the Facebook page devoted to the cat , which has more than 24,000 followers . "  Jack had been through so much , and the last thing anyone wanted was for him to suffer more . " The saga started August 25 when Pascoe was flying from New York to San Francisco with Jack and a second cat as part of a job relocation . But Jack escaped his kennel and was last seen at Kennedy 's inbound baggage claim . A Department of Transportation Pet Incident Report released last month explains how it happened : A clerk placed one kennel on top of another on a baggage cart and the kennel on top fell . The impact "  caused the kennel to separate , " allowing the cat to escape . When a search failed to turn up Jack after a few days , Pascoe became frustrated with American and started the Facebook page "  to help us put pressure on AA to step up their efforts . " She also urged fliers to "  do whatever they can do to keep their animals out of cargo . " The airline said it did everything it could to find Jack . While the cat was missing , workers placed food and water around the airport and set up humane traps . American even hired a pet detective and issued a pet Amber Alert in hopes of locating the feline . When Jack was found , the airline promised to cover his veterinary bills . The cat 's owner hopes Jack 's death will spur improvements in how airlines transport pets "  so that no one else ever has to go through this again , " her supporters wrote on Facebook .	Jack , the lost cat who roamed an airport for two months , has been euthanized The feline was found at John F. Kennedy International Airport 's customs room last month A health check revealed a number of problems after the cat was discovered
CNN  -- The White House Press Office accidentally e-mailed a draft version of President Obama 's Thursday schedule on Wednesday night that included the back-and-forth between White House staffers . Members of the media got a behind-the-scenes look at what goes into President Obama 's schedule . The e-mail , sent on a daily basis to inform the media of the next day 's events , at first appeared to be like any other press schedule . But at the bottom of the e-mail , there was a series of exchanges from the press team , as well as a draft of the schedule . The first section of the schedule noted that in the morning , Obama planned to talk with homeowners who have refinanced their homes and benefited from lower mortgage payments . One staffer , recommending changes to that line , wrote to "  put more emphasis on the real people aspect of this . " The draft version said Obama will talk "  with his economic team , " and also attending the meeting "  will be a handful of households . " The final version took the emphasis off the economic team and said "  Attending the meeting will be a handful of homeowners ... as well as members of President Obama 's economic team . " The draft schedule also showed the president hosting Seder to celebrate Passover . The dinner was marked "  closed press , " meaning no reporters allowed . One staffer asked , "  Can we remove the dinner at the end of the day ? " "  We put it on yesterday 's deal -- so folks already know that it 's happening . They 'll wonder why it 's not listed if we do n't include it on there , " another staffer replied . The staffer who asked to remove the dinner from the schedule replied , "  Apparently Jewish here and in neighboring states are now calling wondering why they have not been invited . " The dinner was not listed on the final schedule . In another exchange , one staffer recommended nixing a line about Obama meeting with leaders from the Veterans Service Organizations and Military Service Organizations since the president was now meeting with them before his remarks in an event closed to the media . "  Can we keep it and just change it to say before . Its good for us to say we are meeting with them , " another replied . The final copy kept the line , noting that the VSO and MSO leaders would meet with Obama before his remarks . The White House says the error was made by a sleep-deprived staffer , adding that the staffer will not suffer repercussions for the mistake .	E-mail of President Obama 's schedule includes back-and-forth between staffers Staffers suggest changes to "  put more emphasis on the real people aspect " White House blames slip-up on a sleep-deprived staffer
New York  CNN  -- What happens when you give thousand of cans of food to really creative people ? How about a "  canned " tornado or an "  uncanny " sculpture of an apple being eaten by ants . Swarms of people are being delighted by the construction work in New York 's World Financial Center during the city 's 18th Annual CANstruction Competition . On display are 25 sculptures created from more than 100,000 cans of food -- designed and built by architects and engineers . Mia Tsiamis , a structural engineer from the firm ARUP , has been her team 's captain for five years . Their entry "  Cangsta 's Paradise " took three months to design and 10 hours to build . "  The whole process is a lesson in project management . It 's certainly a challenge squeezing it in with the rest of our daily work , " said Tsiamis . New York is one of about 100 cities around the world taking part in the international charity competition known as CANstruction that is aimed at helping the hungry . Rules allow each team five people to work on their entry . The cans can not be bound with glue or adhesives and designers are not allowed to color the cans -- so there is endless time donated to finding the tuna or bean cans with the properly colored labels for the particular design . Among the entries were an enormous Mr. Potato Head , the original Battleship board game , King Kong , Russian Babushka dolls and the Metropolitan Transit Authority designed a train . "  With some of the sculptures , you have to stand way back to see what has been created , " said Daniel Garwood , a volunteer with American Institute of Architects , one of the presenters of the competition . A representation of Mario and Luigi of the "  Mario Brothers " video games is one of those objects better seen from afar . Children were especially excited to see the exhibits , snapping pictures and staring in awe . Second - and third-graders of The Mustard Seed School in Hoboken , New Jersey , visited the site on a field trip . "  This year we are teaching them about buildings , foundations and service projects so this is the perfect combination ! " said art teacher Lynn Hamill . The youngsters were running around the larger-than-life canned art feverishly trying to complete an assignment . Jennifer Groce , a parent chaperone for the school , was trying to focus the kids ' excitement . "  They have to sketch the different projects and write down how many cans each structure is made of and how many New Yorkers will it feed , " Groce said . The children picked favorites but their top choices changed each time they saw the next structure down the line . "  I love Mario , " one student said . "  Oh and this one too ! " He was pointing at another one . Celebrity chef and cookbook author Rocco Dispirito and host of Bravo 's TV show "  Top Chef : Just Desserts " Gail Simmons are among this year 's judges who selected the winning sculptures . CANstruction is designed to raise hunger awareness during the Thanksgiving season . All of the cans used in the contest will be donated to City Harvest for distribution to programs that feed impoverished New Yorkers . Co-Presented by the American Institute of Architects , the Society for Design Administration and Arts World Financial Center , Canstruction is on display until November 22 .	Cans of food turn into Mr. Potato Head , King Kong , a "  Tomato Tornado " Architects and engineers used 100,000 cans in 25 sculptures After competition , all the cans of food used are donated to City Harvest
Multiple sources close to Jeb Bush say the former Florida governor 's recent public appearances in which , he seems to be thinking out loud about a possible presidential run are actually very similar to the private discussions he is having with friends and colleagues . "  The public conversation is what he has been saying to us . He is honestly struggling with this decision , " says a source familiar with the process , who argues it is "  real , " unlike some other GOP contenders who have decided to run , but wo n't say so . "  He 's doing this in a thoughtful way , and he has n't made up his mind . " And while Bush , as a potential presidential candidate , if often critiqued as someone out of touch with his own party , another source claims that consideration is not a part of the Bush equation . "  He does n't worry about whether he 's in tune with his party , " this source says . "  He knows what he believes . " Indeed , adds another source , "  he would fully expect and welcome a fight . " In fact , in his recent appearance before a Wall Street Journal CEO Council event , Bush mused that the GOP nominee needs to be willing to "  lose the primary to win the general  election  without violating your principles . " That 's a not-so-veiled reference to what many believe occurred in Mitt Romney 's 2012 campaign , and recognition of Bush 's own problems with the base of his party , which has balked at his stands on both immigration reform and the common core education standards for schools . Sources also say that while Bush has said he will decide in "  short order " -- perhaps sometime early in the New Year -- a decision will likely not come in a major announcement . Instead , one source says , "  he could send some signals . " In campaign parlance , that could mean the hiring of staff , forming an exploratory committee or formally soliciting money . Or simply say he 's leaning towards a run or against it . While top Bush advisers have been gathering data on what a run would entail , no commitments have been made or asked of potential staff or supporters , one source says . Rather , the conversations have been "  if he decides to run would you talk further with us , " this source says . On the personal side , Bush 's concerns seem twofold according to multiple sources . First , as one puts it "  how can I best protect my family ? " In the WSJ forum , Bush himself put it this way : "  Can I do it where the sacrifice for my family is tolerable ... it 's a pretty ugly business right now , " he said . "  There 's a level under which I would never subjugate my family because that 's my organizing principle . That 's my life . I think people kind of appreciate that . So , I 'm sorting that out . " Second , another source adds , Bush is concerned , as he has said previously , that a campaign ought to be "  joyful and full of value . " Translation : Bush needs to make sure he is willing to campaign daily for two years because of his love for country , party and commitment to the his issue set -- immigration and education reform , tax changes , energy policy , regulatory policy . It 's also clear that Bush is weighing the strain of daily campaign in a 24/7 media cycle in which everything he says will be relentlessly scrutinized . In his appearance before the WSJ conference , he made several telling asides about being "  fact-checked " as if to underscore the media spotlight -- and fishbowl life -- that accompanies a presidential candidacy . What Bush is clearly not shying away from is any engagement on the issues . At the WSJ forum , Bush said congressional Republicans need to lead without grandstanding . "  We do n't have to make a point any more as Republicans , " Bush told the CEO-filled audience . " ... We have to actually show that we can , in an adult-like way , we can govern , lead . "	Sources close to Jeb Bush say that the former governor is not worried about a primary fight Those same sources say Bush is concerned about the toll a bid would put on him family
CNN  -- Rescuers have found the body of a man who was one of six people aboard a small airplane that crashed Sunday evening near the northern shore of Puerto Rico , the U.S. Coast Guard said . The Cessna 206 single-engine aircraft went down about a half mile off the coast of Quebradillas . The man 's body was found Monday less than 150 feet from shore , Coast Guard spokesman Ricardo Castrodad said . The Coast Guard launched two more search missions Tuesday morning for four men and one woman still missing . Authorities have not released their identities , nor the name of the man found Monday . "  The Coast Guard will continue to search as long as there is the possibility of finding any survivors , " Castrodad said . Eighteen divers will conduct searches Tuesday in the area where the body was found , the Coast Guard spokesman said . Volunteer divers from Arecibo found the body Monday , said Jose Daniel Echeverria , spokesman for the Puerto Rico Emergency Management Agency , which also is involved in the search . As of Tuesday , the Coast Guard will have conducted 12 search operations , eight done by four HH-65 Dolphin helicopters from Air Station Borinquen and four by the Cutter Matinicus , Castrodad said . The search is complicated , he said , by the roughness of the area . "  It 's like a cliff , " he said . "  The surf is very rough . It 's hard to get in that area . " Smaller boats from the emergency management agency and the Puerto Rico Police Joint Forces for Rapid Action are being used because they can reach areas that the Coast Guard cutter can not , Castrodad said . The private plane , chartered by Tropical Aviation Corp. , took off from the Dominican Republic and was on its way to an airport in Puerto Rico when it went down Sunday evening , officials said . The four males and one female onboard were returning to Puerto Rico after spending the weekend in the Dominican Republic , said Noemi Corporan , service manager for Tropical Aviation . The passengers were San Juan residents and had flown to the Dominican Republic on Friday , she said . The airplane took off from Casa de Campo International Airport in the Dominican Republic and was supposed to land at the Luis Muñoz Marin International Airport in Carolina to clear U.S. customs before going on to the Isla Grande Airport in San Juan , the Coast Guard said . A 911 emergency operator notified the Coast Guard at 6:51 p.m. Sunday that an aircraft had crashed into the waters off Quebradillas . Searchers found a debris field in the area late Sunday . In the Dominican Republic , meanwhile , a man who said he spent the weekend with the missing passengers said he urged them not to leave Sunday night because of severe weather . Retired businessman Manuel "  Manolin " Lecaroz , 64 , told El Nuevo Dia newspaper that the group left because one of them had business to conduct Monday morning . He did not have a premonition , Lecaroz said . "  It 's just that you ca n't fly when the weather is bad . " The winds and heavy rains that were still being felt in Puerto Rico on Monday had ruined the group 's chances to spend the weekend fishing and playing golf in the Dominican Republic , which is 79 miles  127 kilometers  away . "  It rained every day , " Lecaroz told the Puerto Rican newspaper . "  The wind was blowing very hard , so much that we could n't go out in the boat any day . " As they left Sunday night , group members hugged Lecaroz and talked about returning later this month to fish and golf , he said .	Coast Guard launches search missions for five still missing after plane went down Divers find man 's body near shore of Quebradillas , Puerto Rico Search complicated by the roughness of the area , U.S. Coast Guard official says Six onboard private plane returning to Puerto Rico from Dominican Republic
London  CNN  -- A 40-year-old woman was arrested Thursday in south London on suspicion of terror offenses , the Metropolitan Police said . She was detained in the early hours by counterterrorism officers and taken to a police station for questioning , a police statement said . A home is also being searched . Her arrest is in connection with the alleged posting of extremist material on the Internet , the statement said . "  We are liaising with the Italian authorities to establish whether there is any link to an arrest they made earlier this morning , " the statement added . Italian police said they had arrested a 20-year-old Moroccan-born man early Thursday in northern Italy on suspicion of planning an attack on a synagogue in Milan . Claudio Galzerano , head of the anti-terrorist unit of the Italian police , told CNN in a phone interview that the suspect , named Jarmoune Mohamed , had been detained in the city of Brescia . He is a Moroccan citizen but has lived in Italy since he was 6 years old , Galzerano said . Police found detailed plans of the synagogue on Via della Guastella in Milan on Mohamed 's computer as well as information on the security measures at the site , he said . He described the operation as an "  important preventive operation " but also said there was "  a very high risk " that the planned attack might be carried out . Galzerano said the suspect had allegedly createdsecret discussion groups on social networks such as Facebook in which he discussed making explosive devices . Mohamed 's activities had led police to place him under 24-hour surveillance , he said . Italian investigators are working with police in the United Kingdom and elsewhere in connection with the case , Galzerano said . Italian Interior Minister Anna Maria Cancellieri said in a statement that she was "  particularly glad that the operation was conducted thanks to the information from our intelligence office and foreign intelligence . " CNN 's Livia Borghese and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : A 20-year-old Moroccan man was arrested in Italy in an alleged plot , police say The 40-year-old UK woman is being questioned at a London police station Her arrest is in connection with the alleged posting of extremist material online , police say UK officers are working with their Italian counterparts over possible ties to the arrest in Italy
CNN  -- Smartphone owners may have to ask themselves : why text when there 's Facebook Messenger ? That 's a question the cellular carriers will lament as the biggest technology players pile into what 's known as the mobile-messaging space . Facebook joined the fray on Tuesday with the release of Messenger for iPhone and Android . Facebook 's Messages feature , which allows people to communicate privately with friends on the social network and recently with e-mail acquaintances , is already built into the Facebook apps . However , the new standalone Messenger software is a cornerstone for Facebook 's ambition to become the communications hub on phones , Facebook employees working on the messaging product have said in interviews . To design the app , Facebook acquired the development team that built a program called Beluga . It allows users to include photos and location coordinates with each message and can also send text messages to phone numbers , much like the new Facebook app . Andrew Bosworth , a Facebook product director , discussed the potential need for a dedicated client in an March interview , days after the Beluga engineers started at the Palo Alto , California , company . "  One click from the home screen is a valuable trait , " he said , contrasted with the need to open the full Facebook app in order seek new messages . "  They 've built specifically for mobile-to-mobile . Our messages stuff was built for a convergence between mobile and Web and e-mail and a bunch of other things . " Bosworth suggested that a standalone messenger was "  the next step " in Facebook 's plans . As it turns out , it was . But cell operators , which derive substantial profits from texting plans and per-message fees , stand in the way , Bosworth said . How they manage their SMS networks is viewed by tech visionaries as controlled , stifling .  SMS stands for Short Messaging Service , another name for texting . Facebook is made up of people who breathe the hacker ethos . Earlier this summer , for example , Facebook hired George Hotz , aka GeoHot , who hacked iPhone and PlayStation 3 software . Networks should be malleable , these people often say . "  SMS to SMS : those are controlled by the carriers , " Bosworth said during the interview from March . "  That 's a closed loop . " Apple , whose founders famously built "  blue box " equipment decades ago for enabling free phone calls , much to the chagrin of telecom firms , apparently buy into this thinking as well . This fall , Apple will bundle a mobile app called iMessage into iPhone , iPod Touch and iPad , which can bypass cell carrier infrastructure granting free text messages to other users of Apple devices . Similarly , Research in Motion has BlackBerry Messenger . And Google provides two services : Huddles , which is part of the Google + social network , and Google Voice . A dedicated app can be deployed on , say , your mother 's smartphone in order to ween her off of AT&T 's or Verizon Wireless ' texting services and into a free communication network that uses minute amounts of data . "  To people , it 's a bridge -- like , ` Oh , I already know how this works . This is great , ' " Bosworth said . These types of apps "  are taking SMS and moving it away from that closed-loop thing and into another space , " he added . "  This is an area that 's very exciting and hot and interesting , " Bosworth said . "  I do n't think anyone has the answer yet . I think Facebook Messages is the very likely substrate upon which these things end up operating . " An AT&T spokesman declined to comment . Verizon has said it intends to eventually move all of its services onto its next-generation 4G LTE data network . The company has n't said how it would price the different features . Software alternatives to texting could pose a threat to existing money makers , but carriers must find or create other worthwhile channels to charge for , Verizon Wireless marketing chief Marni Walden said in an interview in January . "  We 'll always be in a place where we have to evolve how we generate revenue for the business , " Walden said . "  But we 're not going to run away from the innovation that 's happening out there . We 're going to make sure we innovate it better , or integrate it better on our devices than anyone else , as opposed to putting up a walled garden . " To that , the technorati might say : LOL .	Facebook released the Messenger app for smartphones on Tuesday Facebook executives have talked about the need for change in the wireless industry Other tech giants offer similar software for phones
CNN  -- Manchester City have lodged an official complaint with European football 's governing body after striker Mario Balotelli claimed he was racially abused during Thursday 's match away to Porto . City came from behind to win the first-leg Europa League tie 2-1 in Portugal , but the English Premier League leaders approached UEFA after the match when Italy international Balotelli complained of being subjected to racist chants from fans . UEFA confirmed to CNN Friday that City 's complaint had been received , but said a decision on whether to launch an investigation would not be made until the match delegate 's report had been received . Despite reports that Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure , playing his first match since Sunday 's African Cup of Nations final loss to Zambia , was also subject to abuse , a City spokesman said the club only knew of Balotelli 's complaint . Did Liverpool 's U.S. owners act too late ? "  I did n't hear this because I was concentrating on the game . I do n't know if  it happened  to Mario and Yaya , " City manager Roberto Mancini was reported to have said by the Press Association . Mancini , who also coached Balotelli when they were both at Inter Milan , praised the 21-year-old for maintaining his focus during the game . Balotelli has had a checkered disciplinary record since arriving in England in 2010 and has just returned from a four-match ban for stamping on Tottenham Hotspur 's Scott Parker during a league match in January . "  I think Mario did very well , he played very well , " Mancini said . "  He was calm and it is important he continues like this . "  I think this provocation can happen every game . For this reason I spoke with Mario before the game . I said , ` Mario think and play , think what you should do during the game . ' " Manchester clubs enjoy wins in Europa League Balotelli , an Italian of Ghanaian descent , has been on the receiving end of racist taunts in the past when representing his country . He was repeatedly jeered when he made his second appearance for his Italy in a friendly match against Romania in November 2010 . Toure said after the Porto match that one of the reasons why he enjoys playing in England is the lack of racial abuse from fans . "  That 's why we all like the Premier League , because it never happens there , " Toure told Sky Sports . "  Maybe in foreign countries they do n't expect black players . "  I think in future it will be okay , they will change their minds and the game will become more open . Football is football and the fans come to enjoy the game , and we do n't want things like this to happen . " Despite Toure 's claims , the English game has been hit by several recent race-related incidents . A police investigation was launched last month when a Liverpool fan was alleged to have racially abused third division Oldham 's Tom Adeyemi during an FA Cup tie . Liverpool striker Luis Suarez has also recently returned from an eight-match ban for directing a racial slur at Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . In July , England captain John Terry will face trial for alleged racial abuse of Queens Park Rangers defender Anton Ferdinand . Manchester City 's Micah Richards and Newcastle 's Sammy Ameobi have received racist abuse on microblogging website Twitter , as have former Everton striker Louis Saha and Scotland-based players Maurice Edu and Kyle Bartley , both of Rangers , and Inverness ' Gregory Tade .	Manchester City report alleged racial abuse from Porto fans to UEFA City striker Mario Balotelli claims he was racially abused during the match in Portugal The EPL leaders came from behind to win the first-leg match 2-1 UEFA will wait to receive the match delegate 's report before deciding whether to investigate
CNN  -- Serena Williams shrugged off injury concerns to win her first match of the new WTA season in convincing fashion in Brisbane Sunday . The 15-time grand slam champion pulled out of an exhibition tournament in Thailand last week but showed she had fully recovered from a recent foot surgery with a 6-2 6-1 win over fellow American Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 6-1 . "  My foot did n't hurt today , " a Williams told the official Brisbane International website . "  I was a little nervous , but I was completely fine . " Williams finished 2012 in ominous form , winning Wimbledon , the U.S. Open and the season-ending WTA Championship , as well as taking double Olympic gold in London . It was a return to her very best after an 18-month layoff through injury and illness , but she is only third in the world rankings due to previous inactivity and results . The two women above , top seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus and Russia 's Maria Sharapova , have both received first round byes for the tournament on the Gold Coast , which also hosts an ATP Tour event . In other action Sunday , former Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova made an impressive start with a 6-3 6-4 win over Spaniard Carla Suarez Navarro . Poland 's Urszula Radwanska beat Tamira Paszek of Austria 2-6 6-0 6-2 , while home hope Jarmila Gajdosova shocked world number 16 Roberta Vinci of Italy 4-6 6-1 6-3 to set up a clash with second seed Sharapova . Meanwhile , the elder sister of Serena Williams , seven-time grand slam winner Venus Williams , played a key role in a 2-1 win for the United States over South Africa in Perth . Williams , who has battled injuries and illness , came from a set down to beat Chanelle Scheepers 4-6 6-2 6-3 in the opening rubber . Kevin Anderson beat John Isner in straight sets to draw the South Africans level before the concluding mixed doubles . Williams and Isner combined to Anderson and Scheepers 6-3 6-2 to secure victory in the mixed team event . In the other match on the second day of competition , Spain beat France 2-1 . Jo-Wilfried Tsonga put France ahead as he beat Fernando Verdasco 7-5 6-3 , but Anabel Medina Garrigues leveled it for Spain with a 6-3 6-2 win over Mathilde Johansson . Once again the mixed doubles proved the decider and Medina Garrigues and Verdasco paired to see off Johansson and Tsonga  FRA  6-3 6-3 .	Serena Williams starts new tennis season with straight sets win She beats Varvara Lepchenko 6-2 6-1 in first round of Brisbane International . 15-time grand slam champion has had foot surgery Sister Venus stars as United States beat South Africa in Hopman Cup
Moscow  CNN  -- Three members of the Russian punk rock band Pussy Riot pleaded not guilty Monday to charges of hooliganism after performing a song criticizing President Vladimir Putin in a Moscow church , Russia 's state news agency reported . The charge , which carries a potential seven-year sentence , stems from an unusual performance they gave in February . "  Mother Mary please drive Putin away , " the band screamed , their faces covered in neon masks , inside Moscow 's Christ Savior Cathedral . The anonymous , feminist protest band called it a punk prayer . Three of the women were arrested soon after , and have been in custody ever since . Two of the women have young children . Read more : Jailed punk band Pussy Riot pushes free speech limits in Russia On Monday , band members apologized to Orthodox Christian believers if they felt they had been insulted , state news agency RIA-Novosti reported . Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , 23 , Maria Alyokhina , 24 , and Yekaterina Samutsevich , 29 , grinned at cameras as police brought them from a van into the court , waving their handcuffed arms behind their backs . They appeared in court in an enclosure that forced them to bend down to speak through small window to be heard . Amnesty International said Monday the trial "  never should have taken place . " John Dalhuisen of Amnesty said the singers had been making "  a legitimate protest -- this is not a criminal offense . They must be released immediately . " "  They dared to attack the two pillars of modern Russian establishment -- the Kremlin and the Orthodox Church . While many may have found their act offensive , the sentence of up to seven years in prison they may expect on the charges of hooliganism is wildly out of all proportion , " he said . Pussy Riot member Tolokonnikova is bearing up well in jail , her husband , Peter Verzilov , told CNN earlier this month . "  She looks very good and she 's taking it as she 's supposed to take it -- as very political and very artistic ; as a very solid , creative and powerful person , " he said , based on fleeting glimpses of her in court . Pussy Riot specializes in sudden , often illegal public performances , including one in Moscow 's Red Square . "  We did realize that at some point ,  they  could get arrested . That was always a possibility , but of course no one expected the arrest would come after this particular performance , " Verzilov said . The punk prayer was inspired by the women 's anger about the relationship between the Russian government and the Orthodox Church . The Orthodox leader Patriarch Kyril has been widely reported as saying Putin 's years in power have been a miracle from God . But the band 's behavior in one of Russia 's most sacred cathedrals has outraged many of the country 's faithful . "  This is a disgusting thing to do , " one woman told CNN . "  They should go to jail , " said another . "  A year or two . Let them to think about their behavior . " But even some of those who were offended believe the women should not be in jail . "  If necessary , God will punish them , " said one man . "  It must be not be cruel punishment . " The women also have passionate supporters who say they are victims of political persecution . Verzilov says he has told his 4-year-old daughter who 's to blame . "  Gerra knows that Putin has put Nadia in prison and he 's not letting her out . We have to find a way to defeat him to free Nadia , " he said . The Russian president has n't commented on the case . Pussy Riot is only one small part of the recent anti-Putin protest movement . But the decision to jail and prosecute these women has ensured that the band 's colorful face masks have become one of the opposition 's most powerful symbols . CNN 's Phil Black , Alla Eshchenko and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Pussy Riot sang an anti-Putin song in Moscow 's Christ Savior Cathedral Three band members face charges of hooliganism and up to seven years in prison They pleaded not guilty and apologized to offended Christians , RIA-Novosti says Amnesty International says the trial "  never should have taken place "
CNN  -- Leave it to Shia LaBeouf to give one of the strangest -- or most creative -- interviews of all time . For a recent sitdown with Dazed and Confused magazine , the actor/performance artist decided that he did n't want to use words to communicate and instead let his eyes do all the talking . The result is an hour-long video in which LaBeouf and his interviewer , Aimee Cliff , sit and stare at each other in near silence .  No words are exchanged , but there is some awkward laughter . According to Cliff , this was all LaBeouf 's idea . He reached out to the Dazed writer in September , and the two soon struck up an email correspondence . In a series of exchanges , they cover topics including metamodernism , faith , cynicism and even a claim by LaBeouf that he was sexually assaulted during a performance art exhibit this year . After a bit of back-and-forth , LaBeouf agreed to do what he calls "  the #interview . " "  I like the idea that we meet in person with a go pro photographic record but no interview , " the actor wrote in one of his emails to Cliff . "  we just look into each others eyes for an hour , connect on a soul level and film that as the interview and keep the words online so we will will both have go pro cameras strapped to our heads for the full hour and the footage will be presented raw as a split screen and you can use it on the Dazed video site . " Indeed , the full video is now up and ready for viewing . INTERVIEW from Rönkkö / Turner on Vimeo . By doing it this way , "  I 'm present in the magazine only in words obtained digitally and online I 'm present only through a mute physical presence , " LaBeouf concluded . "  A  nd the reality of my self lies somewhere between and beyond the two it 's thoroughly metamodern I think . " While the video shows LaBeouf and Cliff in their staring competition , their emails are overflowing with language . At one point , LaBeouf opens up about his #IAmSorry performance art exhibit from this year , when he encouraged visitors to come and view him one-on-one in a small room . Before seeing him , visitors were encouraged to pick up an item from a table of "  implements , " which included things like a "  Transformers " toy , a whip  he starred in 2008 's "  Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull "  , Hershey 's kisses , a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey , a bottle of cologne , pliers and a ukelele . Once they stepped into the room with LaBeouf , they would sit across a table from the actor , who was wearing a paper bag over his head that read , "  I AM NOT FAMOUS ANYMORE . " LaBeouf has said that the art exhibit did n't go the way he anticipated ; he thought people were going to be rude or mean , but once they were face-to-face with him , there were more often displays of humanity . "  I went from being a celebrity or object to a fellow human , " LaBeouf said in his email exchange with Dazed . "  I  t happened in less than a second for some for others they needed to take the bag off but it usually happened and by ` it ' i mean connection it was a very human encounter once it was 2 people in a room . " The title of the project was a genuine reflection of how he felt at the time , LaBeouf continued . "  i was broken - it was n't manipulation - i was heartbroken and people I 've never met before came in and loved on me and with me some for multiple days some would come in hold my hand and cry with me some would come in and tell me to ` figure it out ' to ` be a man ' in the end i felt cared for however it came - it was beautiful it blew me away I 've never experienced love like that , empathy humanity , understanding " Not every encounter was as exemplary in its kindness , though . There was one visitor whom LaBeouf alleges sexually assaulted him . "  one woman who came with her boyfriend who was out side the door when this happened whipped my legs for 10 minutes and then striped my clothing and proceeded to rape me then walked out with her lipstick smudged to her awaiting boyfriend who i image was quite hurt by it " Not to mention LaBeouf 's girlfriend , who he said was in line to view his exhibition the same day this event happened . "  it really hurt her as well as i guess the news of it traveled through the line she was only about 25 people back when she came in she asked for an  explanation  and i could n't speak so we both sat with this unexplained trauma silently it was painful the hardest part of the show " LaBeouf 's had a hard year overall , including legal trouble . In June , he was charged with disorderly conduct , harassment and criminal trespass after being accused of drunken and disruptive behavior in a Broadway venue . He spent a little time in jail , but the charges were settled on the grounds that LaBeouf would continue seeking treatment for alcohol addiction . But with projects like #IAmSorry , LaBeouf said he 's seeking a sense of purpose . "  Im finding my self through these projects , " he explained to Dazed . "  im exploring . "	Shia LaBeouf conducted a completely silent in-person interview In an email exchange , he claims he was sexually assaulted during performance art exhibit LaBeouf : "  The reality of my self lies somewhere between and beyond the two "
CNN  -- To the list of names that contains Lukas Rosol and Steve Darcis , Nick Kyrgios can be added . The Australian teenager is the latest unheralded player to force Rafael Nadal out of Wimbledon before the quarterfinals have even landed . Kyrgios is just 19 and ranked 144 in the world , but his 7-6 5-7 7-6 6-3 victory in front of an enraptured Centre Court has inked his name into folklore at SW19 . Nadal may be a two-time champion at Wimbledon but his reputation on grass has taken a battering in recent years . Vanquished by Rosol in the second round in 2012 , it was the first time the Spaniard had failed to get into the third round since 2005 . The following year Belgium 's Darcis compounded his misery , knocking Nadal out in the first round for the first time ever . Nadal survived Rosol on his way to the last 16 this time around but there was another giantkiller waiting for him on the grass . Wimbledon debutant Kyrgios did the unthinkable and knocked the world No. 1 and 14-time grand slam champion out in four sets . "  I think I was in a bit of a zone out there , " he told reporters after setting up a last-eight clash with Canadian eighth seed Milos Raonic , who beat Japan 's Kei Nishikori 4-6 6-1 7-6 6-3 . "  I did n't really notice the crowd . It has n't really sunk in at all , " Kyrgios added . "  I played some extraordinary tennis . I think you 've got to believe you can win the match from the start . "  So many emotions , I sort of did n't know what to do , drop to the ground , throw my racket ! " There was another shock , for another reigning French Open champion in the women 's draw . It 's 10 years since Maria Sharapova won Wimbledon -- and she wo n't be ending her drought any time soon . The world No. 5 was sent packing on Centre Court by Germany 's Angelique Kerber in a tense three-set affair . Kerber , ranked seventh , prevailed 7-6 4-6 6-4 and will now play Canada 's Eugenie Bouchard in the quarterfinals . Sharapova saved six match-points at 4-5 down and had opportunities to level the final set at 5-5 . But Kerber finally took her chance on the seventh match point to bring a thrilling finale to a pulsating encounter . "  It 's unbelievable , " Kerber told the BBC . "  We were playing on a really high level -- every single set was so close . "  I 'm just so happy I won . She 's a great player , she plays so great on grass . I said to myself believe in your game , hit the ball , be aggressive . In the end , it worked . " In the other half of the women 's draw , Lucie Safarova ensured there will be a Czech player in this year 's final . Safarova , seeded 23 , defeated Ekaterina Makarova 6-3 6-1 to set up a semifinal clash against either 2011 champion Petra Kvitova or the in-form Barbara Zahlavova Strycova . Meanwhile , Roger Federer secured his place in the quarterfinals with relative ease . The 17-time grand slam champion , whose last of his seven Wimbledon triumphs came in 2012 , defeated Spain 's Tommy Robredo 6-1 6-4 6-4 . Federer , 32 , will now face fellow Swiss ace Stan Wawrinka . Wawrinka , who won his first grand slam at the 2014 Australian Open , defeated Spain 's Feliciano Lopez in straight sets . "  It will be amazing to play Stan in the quarterfinals here , hopefully on Centre Court , because things like that do n't happen too often in Swiss sport , " Federer told the BBC . "  But I 'm pleased with the way I am playing . I 'm serving and moving well and all the things are happening that need to be happening to go deep in the tournament . " Wawrinka , now the Swiss No. 1 after many years in Federer 's shadow , claimed a 7-6 7-6 6-3 win to reach his second Wimbledon quarterfinal . Federer needed just 21 minutes to win the first set 6-1 against Robredo before wrapping up the second 6-4 . Robredo , seeded 23 , simply had no answer and Federer closed out the match by taking the third 6-4 . In the women 's draw , last year 's finalist Sabine Lisicki overcame a scare against Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan . The German prevailed 6-3 3-6 6-4 to set up a last eight tie with number three seed Simona Halep of Romania . Halep , the highest ranked player remaining in the draw , Zarina Diyas of Kazakhstan 6-3 6-0 . "  I 'm not surprised that I play a quarterfinal tomorrow , " Halep told reporters . "  I 'm third in the rankings so I have to be here in the quarterfinals . I 've played really well and I have confidence in myself . "  I deserve to be here because I 'm working hard every day and it 's normal to be in the last matches of tournaments and grand slams . " In the women 's doubles , Serena Williams was forced to retire from her match with a viral illness . Williams , playing alongside sister Venus , required lengthy treatment from the doctor and trainer before the game against Switzerland 's Stefanie Voegele and Germany 's Kristina Barrois . She decided to play following the warm-up but in her first service game , she served four double faults and retired with the score at 0-3 . In a statement issued by the WTA Tour , Williams said : "  I am heartbroken I 'm not able to continue in the tournament . I thought I could rally this morning , because I really wanted to compete , but this bug just got the best of me . "  I want to thank my sister , Kristina , Stefanie and our teams for their support . We were all looking forward to a great match . "  From the bottom of my heart , I thank all of the fans for their cheers and understanding . I look forward to returning to Wimbledon next year . "	Rafael Nadal knocked out by Australian teenager Nick Krygios Maria Sharapova beaten in three sets by Angelique Kerber Roger Federer to face compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka Serena Williams retires from doubles with viral illness
CNN  -- The ever-changing cast of "  Saturday Night Live " is getting two new faces , but losing a couple of current members . Michaela Watkins was known for her impressions of Barbara Walters and "  Today " show co-host Hoda Kotb . Michaela Watkins and Casey Wilson have been dropped from the show , while Jenny Slate and Nasim Pedrad are joining the cast , Entertainment Weekly reports . Watkins -- who joined "  SNL " mid-season last year and was known for her hilarious impersonations of Barbara Walters and Kathie Lee Gifford 's suffering "  Today " show co-host Hoda Kotb -- said she was shocked by the firing . In an interview with EW , she recalled getting the news from Lorne Michaels , the creator and executive producer of "  Saturday Night Live . " "  I do n't think anyone knows what Lorne Michaels was thinking , " Watkins told the magazine . "  The only explanation I got from him -- and he 's not known to say things just to make people feel better -- was that he felt deep down that I should have my own show . And I agreed . ` SNL ' was a dream come true for me . It was a fantastic year . I do n't have any regrets . " Watkins told EW she thinks the new hires will be "  exquisite " on the show and said she would take Michaels ' advice to pursue her own show . Meanwhile , "  SNL " veteran Darrell Hammond is still negotiating for a return to the show , Variety reports . "  Saturday Night Live " kicks off its 35th season on September 26 .	Michaela Watkins , Casey Wilson have reportedly been dropped from the show " ` SNL ' was a dream come true for me , " Watkins tells Entertainment Weekly "  Saturday Night Live " kicks off its 35th season on September 26
Parkersburg , West Virginia  CNN  -- At nearly $ 12.1 trillion , the U.S. national debt has reached a size that is incomprehensible to most people and as intangible as the ' "  Big Bang " or bipartisanship . But it is real in West Virginia , where a small , nearly anonymous group of government accountants calculate the public debt to the penny each day , living a mathematic nightmare and number cruncher 's dream . At a large desk in Parkersburg , Jaime Saling watches over roughly 6,500 pieces of data and trillions of dollars each day . Her title takes up a few characters itself : Saling is the debt accounting branch manager for the Bureau of Public Debt . She and a division of just 15 people quietly and relentlessly work to account for every penny of the national debt . It is tedious and potentially overwhelming work , but Saling acts as if she flies jet fighters . "  I get very excited , " the petite and energetic Saling says , "  They call me a nerd , several times ; I think it 's because I get very excited about all the work we do . " That work happens in a simple one-story , brick building in Parkersburg , some 300 miles from Washington . The public debt offices landed there thanks to heavyweight home-state Sen. Robert Byrd . The bureau 's offices are tucked into a corner of town that 's easy to miss . A brown hill and train track sit on one side , parking lots for county offices on the other . The locale is still a surprise to some . "  Every now and then we get a comment , ` Where are you ? Parkersburg ? ' " Saling says . The public debt building has become a number nerds ' paradise . Employees say they balance their checkbooks at least weekly , some daily . A big happy-face sign marks progress on a recent audit . A written goal is taped to a Nerf-sized football . And the security guards brag that someone brings in a cake about every other day . Inside , Saling 's office is pin-neat , but her computer screen is cramped . A full-screen photo of Saling 's 4 - and 5-year-old children is covered by dozens of icons for spreadsheets and documents , so that glimpses of bright blonde hair poke out from under a field of white data squares . "  I need to clean it out right now , " Saling says with a shrug , then laughs . She then calls up the brain of the debt-management system , a software program called PARS , or Public debt Accounting and Reporting System . The acronym is a pun only an accountant would love . "  Par value " means "  stated value " in the field . PARS is a custom program , designed in the early '90s to check and double-check the constant buying and selling of U.S. debt . Thanks in part to the debt software , what used to take 100 people a month to compute now is done by 15 people in a day . Even so , the program looks like it 's from another time , with a black screen and neon-colored letters that recall computer monitors of the "  War Games " era . "  It is outdated , " Saling says of the font . But she insists the program itself still operates well . Annual government reviews of PARS back that up . And the division overall has a remarkable record of 13 straight years of unqualified audits , the accounting gold standard of accuracy . That brings a massive smile to Saling 's face ; you see how someone so enthusiastic can be called a nerd . "  Things like that make me very excited . "  Her favorite report , by the way , is the "  schedules of public debt " . Each day , to check the funds flowing in and out of the public debt , Saling types in five-digit codes into PARS and checks a slew of accounts . She knows about 50 of those codes by heart . In general , there is a scale to this work that would disrupt most minds . "  Most people do n't have a sense of it until they come here and see it , " said accounting director Mike Linder , who is Saling 's boss . "  Most calculators do n't handle what we do . " And almost no one sees the debt as they do . "  A lot of people , I do n't think realize what the debt 's made of , " Saling put forth . "  In that $ 12 trillion you have both debt held by the public and intragovernmental holdings . " In other words , the debt held by those outside the government and debt the government owes to itself , such as money borrowed from the Social Security Trust Fund . At the end of November , $ 7.7 trillion was debt held by the public and $ 4.4 trillion was intragovernmental holdings . Saling sees a heartbeat in the numbers . "  It 's actually helping us operate government . " And never has government been larger . But Saling and these accountants of the people are careful on that note . "  It 's not that we 're saying this is the right thing to do , " she states matter-of-factly . "  A lot of times we 're saying , ` If they pass this , how are we going to account for it ? ' A lot of times that takes a lot of meetings . " Saling is right , in the age of deficits and debt , all of that literally keeps government operating . Yet those trillions of dollars are overseen by a small division that works without contractors and is content with a software system that may look clunky , but which they insist works more than well . There is an irony here . These self-proclaimed nerds oversee the very symbol of big government but exude sobriety and restraint . Saling and her staff are nearly anonymous but deeply significant . And they are more than happy that way .	In West Virginia , a small group of accountants calculate the public debt to the penny each day "  Most calculators do n't handle what we do , " accounting director says The program accountants use is outdated , but works well , Jaime Saling says The public debt building has become a number nerds ' paradise
CNN  -- Former Manchester United star Eric Cantona was arrested and cautioned Wednesday in London on suspicion of assault , Britain 's Press Association reported . London 's Metropolitan Police confirmed that they arrested and subsequently cautioned "  a man in his mid-40s on suspicion of common assault , " but declined to release his name . Police were called about the incident at about 1 p.m. . The alleged victim , a man , did not require medical assistance , police said . CNN could not immediately reach Cantona 's representatives for comment . Police in Britain can issue a caution to people for minor crimes . By accepting a caution , the suspect admits the offense and is released . The caution is not a conviction , but it can be used as character evidence in trials for any other crime . The French 47-year-old Cantona retired from football at age 30 but made his mark at Manchester United . The club 's fans voted him as their player of the century in 2011 .	London 's Metropolitan Police say they arrested man Wednesday afternoon , but wo n't release name Cantona 's representatives could n't be immediately reached for comment Police : Suspect cautioned Alleged victim , a man , did n't need medical assistance , police say
CNN  -- Los Angeles police are searching for a serial killer dubbed the "  Grim Sleeper , " who is thought to have killed 11 people . Alicia Alexander was one of the Grim Sleeper 's victims in the 1980s . The killer , who police say murdered from 1985 to 2007 , was nicknamed the Grim Sleeper because he seemed to take a break between homicides , police said . Authorities this week released a 9-1-1 tape recorded shortly after a killing in 1987 , in the hope of producing clues . "  Yes ... I 'd like to report a murder , " an anonymous caller says on the tape . "  The guy that dropped her off was driving a white and blue Dodge van . He threw her out . ... He threw a gas tank on top of her . All that you can see sticking out is her feet . " Watch the hunt for a serial killer " Police found the scene just as the caller described and found the van . But they are still searching for the caller and members of the now-defunct church that owned the van . The killer is wanted in 11 deaths and another homicide attempt , police say . Detectives say they have the Grim Sleeper 's DNA , and a $ 500,000 reward has been offered for information leading to an arrest and prosecution . The killer shot his victims , police said . Porter Alexander has waited two decades for the Grim Sleeper 's arrest . His daughter Alicia Alexander became the Grim Sleeper 's eighth victim in 1988 , police say . "  No one should have to face anything like this , " he said . "  To experience their daughters or sons taken away as early as she was . " CNN 's Kara Finnstrom contributed to this report .	L.A. police this week released old 9-1-1 call : "  Yes ... I 'd like to report a murder " Police have Grim Sleeper 's DNA and are offering $ 500,000 reward for information Nickname given because killer took a break between murders , police say
Bath , Maine  CNN  Joe Leask spends most of his workday much like he starts it : swallowed in darkness . First by the morning , and later by the sea . Awake at 3:30 a.m. , Leask heads first to the Bath , Maine , outpost of Frosty 's Donuts for a Boston creme , small-town pleasantries and precisely the amount of coffee you would expect for a witching hour wake-up call . Then , it 's an hour drive to the coastal community of Rockland and his floating "  office , " the November Gale . "  You 're going to want to sit down , " Leask says when a wave swallows the vessel 's bow as it makes its way well into Maine 's Penobscot Bay . The November Gale tows a rickety 20-foot fishing boat close behind . The sun starts to tease its light over the horizon , but on a merciless December morning , its warm rays are an empty promise . As a sea urchin diver , this is Leask 's version of a nine-to-five for the 38-day winter diving season . Equipped with a refashioned gardening tool and a mesh catch bag , he descends into the icy depths to rake for the area 's prized green urchin . "  My job is sometimes the easiest job in the world and sometimes my job is the most difficult job in the world , " Leask says . The day 's end goal is the urchin 's inner roe , commonly referred to as uni . More technically speaking , the yellow-orange delicacy is the animal 's gonads , but the marketing choice is clear . Uni is buttery and briny , with a custard-like texture . It 's often described as "  an acquired taste , " flavored distinctively of the sea , which is perhaps one of its most desirable traits ; there 's nothing else quite like it . Above water , Leask 's right-hand man , Clint Richardson , navigates the smaller boat with precision as a cigarette dangles from his mouth . His job is to look for bubbles or flippers as a sign of Leask ; once spotted , he tosses a second bag in Leask 's general direction and hoists up the first . Soon , he 's methodically measuring each urchin from the first net and throwing back any animals that are less than 2 1/16 - inch wide for a good yield of roe  measured by a ratio of gonad to whole urchin weight  . The domestic urchin industry has seen a steady uptick in the past few years as the American palate wants new , now , next . Recently , it has become a darling of the growing gastronomy scene , often cited with the same reverence as hot ticket  and high-priced  items like foie gras , truffles and monkfish liver . But the industry has reached a crossroads as conservation efforts have kept the delicacy virtually off limits to new divers . "  Most Americans get bored with food real easily , so this is a new and hot item that is unique in taste and texture , " Leask says . The industry , however , was n't initially fueled by stateside demand , but rather by the Japanese . "  When I was a kid we had a cereal made of uni , " Leask jokes . "  No , I never saw an urchin until I was two years out of high school . " Japanese-born Atchan Tamaki , who is now based in Portland , Maine , was one of the first to crack the potential of the eerie-looking echinoderms . He moved to Portland shortly after graduating from the University of Montana -- "  no urchin there , " he jokes -- to help a friend open the town 's first Japanese restaurant . By 1989 , he had established ISF Trading Inc. , and started shipping Maine 's best known seafood , the lobster , to his home country . "  The lobster fishermen kept asking me if there was a market for sea urchin because they were getting a lot of them in the traps , " Tamaki said . Growing up , he knew the sweet roe was a hot commodity in his community . He also knew that around Christmas , when urchins were not in season for Japan , they were in Maine . When Leask started diving in 1992 , 100 % of the fished urchins were exported to Japan . Now , only 20 % are shipped abroad while the other 80 % are shipped domestically , Tamaki says . "  We started out diving for 25 cents an urchin . When I got 35 cents a pound , I thought I was going to get rich . Then , it hit a dollar a pound and we all celebrated -- and then it hit $ 2 a pound , " Leask says , adding that in recent years , the price has gone as high as $ 7.60 a pound . But with added demand comes the glut of potential harvesters . By 1994 , there were 1,700 urchin diving licenses  plus 1,000 dragger licenses  issued in the state , according to Maggie Hunter , a biologist at the Maine Department of Marine Resources . Hunter , along with Leask and Tamaki , serves on the Maine Sea Urchin Zone Council , which was created to address concerns of depletion at the height of the urchin explosion in the early 1990s . The council ultimately divided the region into two zones , with a 15-day season for Zone 1 divers and a 38-day season for Zone 2 . In Zone 2 , Leask is permitted to fill up only seven bins weighing 600 pounds total per day , and dive Monday through Wednesday . The council also imposed a moratorium on licenses . As of 2013 , there were 37 active divers in Zone 1 and 77 active divers in Zone 2 ; with the average ages at 49 and 46 years old , respectively . "  And that 's pretty old for a diver , " Hunter says . Those divers , like Leask , are at a delicate crossroads where they 're going to need new people to start learning the ropes without compromising their conservation efforts . Hunter says the department does a survey dive every spring to inform their evaluation on licensing . As Leask 's head surfaces above the water back in the bay , he does n't betray any inner turmoil about his profession 's sink or swim moment . He 's at peace . "  There 's nowhere else that I can think of that you 're going to escape cell phones and noise , " Leask says .	The domestic popularity of sea urchins has grown considerably in recent years Maine is grappling with the demand and conservation efforts Urchins are wanted at restaurants for their prized roe , called uni
Paris  CNN  -- After a week of deadly international protests against an anti-Islam film , a French satirical magazine is pouring oil on the fiery debate between freedom of expression and offensive provocation . The magazine Charlie Hebdo , which is known for outrageous humor , published cartoons featuring a figure resembling the Prophet Mohammed on Wednesday . The issue hit the stands eight days after a video mocking the Muslim prophet triggered angry protests , including one that led to the death of the U.S. ambassador to Libya . Stephane Charbonnier , director of the French magazine , said his staff is "  not really fueling the fire " but rather using its freedom of expression "  to comment  on  the news in a satirical way . " "  It happens that the news this week is Mohammed and this lousy film , so we are drawing cartoons about this subject , " Charbonnier told CNN affiliate BFM-TV on Wednesday . The magazine was directing its derision at "  this grotesque film , " Charbonnier said , not the Muslim prophet . That "  grotesque film " is "  Innocence of Muslims , " a video that sat obscure on the Internet until September 11 when rioters , seizing on it , attacked the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , and killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans . Protesters also breached the U.S. Embassy in Cairo , Egypt , the same day , and protests over the video have erupted in at least 20 countries since then . There has been no violence reported as a result of the Charlie Hebdo cartoons . But France will close embassies and schools in about 20 countries on Friday , the main Muslim day of prayer , as a precaution , the French Foreign Ministry said Wednesday . It is already boosting security in some locations , including its embassies , and police vehicles were parked outside the Paris offices of Charlie Hebdo late Tuesday . Any depiction of Islam 's prophet is considered blasphemy by many Muslims . France has the largest Muslim population in Western Europe , with an estimated 4.7 million followers of the faith . The Charlie Hebdo cartoons are not labeled Mohammed , but several , including one that appears to show a man 's naked rear end , could easily be interpreted as being depictions of Islam 's prophet . France says it will not authorize protests over anti-Islam film Charlie Hebdo journalist Laurent Leger said the magazine did not intend to provoke anger or violence . "  The aim is to laugh , " Leger said . "  We want to laugh at the extremists -- every extremist . They can be Muslim , Jewish , Catholic . Everyone can be religious , but extremist thoughts and acts we can not accept . " Leger defended the magazine , saying it was within its rights and not responsible for people 's reactions . "  In France , we always have the right to write and draw . And if some people are not happy with this , they can sue us and we can defend ourselves . That 's democracy . You do n't throw bombs ; you discuss , you debate . But you do n't act violently . We have to stand and resist pressure from extremism . " French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault expressed his support for the freedom of press , but he said there are limits . "  We have a free press that can express itself right up to the point of caricature , " Ayrault said Tuesday . "  But there is also a question of responsibility . " He assured the public that "  all the precautions will be taken " to maintain order . The cartoons are provoking outrage among the French Muslim community , while other Muslims have accused the magazine of pandering for attention . Wednesday 's cartoons were published a day after hundreds of Muslims took to Twitter to satirize the U.S. magazine Newsweek 's cover story on "  Muslim Rage " in which the Somali-born writer and former Muslim Ayaan Hirsi Ali said the recent protests represented mainstream Muslim opinion worldwide . Muslims shot back with tongue-in-cheek tweets about what really enrages them , such as having a really good hair day but no one notices because they 're wearing hijabs . Hend Amry , who posted that tweet as @LibyaLiberty , said Charlie Hebdo 's latest cartoons were a cynical attempt to inflate sales . She disputed the magazine 's position that it just wants to provoke laughter and express its right to free speech . "  No it is n't . It 's for ratings , " she said . Opinion : Media do n't get #MuslimRage She compared it to the French magazine that printed topless photos of Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge . "  Like printing tawdry pics of  Catherine  Middleton -- lowbrow rating booster , " she said . "  If we 're going to chart it on the Muslim insult-o-meter , it is less inflammatory than the ` film ' but does continue the East/West divide we see , " she told CNN . A South African student -- who said that what really enraged her was the release of the Batman movie "  The Dark Knight Rises " during Ramadan -- said she had no intention of looking at the Charlie Hebdo cartoons . Tweeting as @oh_my_golly , she said : "  Refuse to be a pawn in a game where people deliberately insult beliefs & wish to incite hate/anger/violence citing ` free speech ' " Dalil Boubakeur , head of the Grand Mosque in Paris , condemned the cartoons "  in the strongest possible terms " and expressed surprise that the magazine was running new Mohammed cartoons after its offices were attacked the last time it did so . "  To repeat the same stupidity , the same idiocy and the same calumnies , the same ignominy seems to us to be nearly psychotic action , " he said . The magazine 's offices were the scene of an attack in November when they were burned on the day the magazine was due to publish an issue with a cover appearing to make fun of Islamic law . The cover featured a bearded and turbaned cartoon figure of Mohammed saying , "  100 lashes if you 're not dying of laughter . " The cartoonist known as Luz , who drew the cover , has been under police protection since then . Wednesday 's issue does not have a Mohammed cartoon on the cover . "  We learned our lesson , " Luz said . French Muslims feel like scapegoats for nation 's problems France has seen rising tensions over its rapidly growing Muslim minority . Last year , the country banned the wearing of Islamic veils and other face coverings , claiming they were both degrading and a security risk . Belgium has passed similar legislation , and Switzerland banned the building of minarets , the tall spires that often stand next to mosques . CNN 's Dheepthi Namasivayam , Richard Allen Greene , Ana Bickford , Susannah Palk and Alex Felton contributed to this report .	Head of Grand Mosque in Paris condemns cartoons , expresses surprise France boosts security at embassies , but there are no reports of violence A Muslim who satirized Newsweek on Twitter dismisses cartoons as cynical sales ploy Editor : The cartoons mock a "  lousy " anti-Islam film , not the Muslim prophet
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Manny Pacquiao continued his conquest of the boxing world Saturday night when he defeated "  Sugar " Shane Mosley in Las Vegas . The Filipino fighter retained his World Boxing Organization welterweight title at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino . Pacquiao defeated Mosley by a unanimous decision , 119-108 , 120-108 , 120-107 after 12 rounds . Mosley came into the fight as a former three-time world champion . But the 39-year-old American was a clear underdog , in part from his having won only two of his past five fights . He endured grueling defeats to Floyd Mayweather Jr. , and Miguel Cotto and a draw with Sergio Mora . Mosley put up a brave showing but was always on the back foot against Pacquiao , who knocked him down in the third round , the first time he had been on the canvas in nine years . "  After the first knockdown I felt I had him and I got him and that I could finish him , " Pacquiao told gathered reporters after the fight . "  But the next round I have a problem with my left foot it is tight . "  I told my coach to press my legs because they are too tight . " Bothered by the cramp , Pacquiao was briefly floored himself in the 10th , but said the referee had apologized to him after the fight for a wrong decision in awarding the knockdown . The main reason Pacquiao , 32 , was the heavy favorite was his own dominance of late . He is the first boxer ever to capture 10 world titles in eight weight divisions -- from flyweight  for boxers between 108 and 112 pounds  up to super welterweight  148 to 154 pounds  . The Ring magazine , among other publications , ranks Pacquiao as the world 's best pound-for-pound boxer . Entering Saturday night , he 'd won 14 straight fights and compiled a professional record of 52 wins , three losses and two draws -- with 38 of those winning decisions coming by knockout . His exemplary record , obvious skill and international appeal -- especially in southeast Asia -- have helped make Pacquiao one of the world 's most recognizable and admired boxers . But the native of General Santos city in the Philippines has proven he 's more than just a fighter . Last year , he was elected as a federal congressman in the Philippines . Pacquiao has also dabbled in American politics , with Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid crediting the Filipino 's appearance at a last-minute rally in 2010 for helping seal his own election victory . He is also an aspiring singer , having appeared on U.S. shows such as "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " and released albums in Tagalog and English . Given the diversity and time-consuming nature of Pacquiao 's interests , trainer Freddie Roach has been among those questioning how much longer the fighter known as "  Pacman " will continue to fight in the ring . One of the biggest lingering questions involving Pacquiao is whether a much-touted showdown with Mayweather ever comes to fruition . Negotiations last year broke down amid accusations  including Mayweather 's unverified claim Pacquiao used performance-enhancing drugs  , recriminations and legal threats . Negotiations remain in limbo after Mayweather 's arrests on suspicion of battery and larceny . CNN 's Leif Coorlim contributed to this report .	Manny Pacquiao beats Shane Mosley to keep his world welterweight title The Filipino wins his 15th straight fight and retains one of 10 titles he 's earned Mosley is a three-time world champion but has lost two of his last five fights
CNN  A small Missouri town 's discovery that a gunmant killed seven people and injured another Thursday night began when a girl managed to flee a residence where she heard gunfire . She ran to a neighbor 's house and called police , say investigators in Tyrone , Missouri . Authorities then found a trail of death that was so staggering , a state trooper lost count at a news conference . Seven people , all gunshot victims , were found dead in four residences in the small town of 50 people . One person managed to survive , and she was found wounded in one of the homes . The gunman also was found dead Friday morning in a GMC pickup after going to another county more than 15 miles away , where he apparently shot himself . He was identified Friday as Joseph Jesse Aldridge , 36 , who was believed to be a cousin to four of the seven slain victims , the Missouri State Highway Patrol said . And , in a twist to their probe , investigators happened upon another body -- that of an elderly woman -- in a fifth home , though she died of natural causes . That person was the gunman 's mother , Alice L. Aldridge , 74 . She died of metastatic lung cancer , said Tom Whittaker , the coroner for Texas County , Missouri . It was unclear Friday whether her death was connected to the case , Missouri State Highway Patrol Sgt. Jeff Kinder said . The gunman 's finding his mother dead could be a motive , "  but it would speculation for us to say that is the case , " Kinder told CNN . "  We 're examining of a lot of different avenues now . " The gunman "  had been  living  with her for quite some time , " said Texas County Sheriff James Sigman . The shooter did n't leave a note , so investigators are asking family and neighbors about a possible motive , the sheriff said . In all , nine of the town 's approximate 50 residents were found dead or killed overnight , nearly decimating the town twice over , according to authorities . There were a total of six police scenes : Three had two bodies each . Two had one body each . And then there was the site where the suspect apparently committed suicide . "  Everybody is in disbelief now , " Kinder said . "  They 're shocked . They will all just have to take care of each other . But it has just shocked this community to its core , and we will just have to work our way through it . " Among the seven slain gunshot victims were two married couples , who were described as cousins of the gunman , authorities said . They were Garold Dee Aldridge , 52 , and wife Julie Ann Aldridge , 47 , and Harold Wayne Aldridge , 50 , and wife Janell Arlisa Aldridge , 48 . All victims lived within a three-mile radius of each other , authorities said . The other three victims were n't identified pending notification of their relatives . They were n't from the same family , the sheriff said . Everyone surely knew each other , the sheriff said . "  It is a small community out there . Everybody knows everybody , but as far as what their personal relationship is ... I could n't tell you , " the sheriff said . "  Crime like this in any community is pretty major . " Investigators spoke to the surviving victim , a woman , but were n't disclosing details , Sigman said . "  We obtained part of our information from her , " Sheriff Sigman said . "  As far as I know , she 's expected to be okay . " Suspect Joseph Jesse Aldridge , who used a .45 - caliber handgun , had "  a minor criminal history " with local authorities , Sigman added . In summarizing the crime , Kinder momentarily lost track of the death toll at a news conference . "  There are ... is n't that terrible ? Lose count . There is actually nine total victims here in this case , " he told reporters . The carnage was overwhelming , he added . "  In our job , we see a lot of bad stuff , and this is bad , " Kinder said . "  This is also hard on the police officers who are working out there . It 's not natural to see that sort of thing . " The juvenile girl whose police call exposed the mass deaths had been in a residence where two bodies were later found , Kinder said . Authorities also do n't yet know the relationship between the girl and those two deceased victims , Kinder said . "  I do n't have any information that would confirm any of that other than she was at the residence at the time it started , " he said . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said the state was ensuring that mental health counselors and crisis intervention services would be provided to students in the area and other residents . "  This is a horrific tragedy , and our hearts go out to the victims of these senseless acts and their families , " he said . The shootings happened in Texas County , home to about 26,000 people . After police found two bodies in the first residence , investigators found five more bodies and an injured person in three other Tyrone homes , according to Kinder . The elderly woman who 's believed to have died of natural causes was found in a fifth residence after "  investigators were somehow led to that residence after this was all placed in motion , " he said . The suspect 's body was found in a vehicle in neighboring Shannon County , Kinder said . Tyrone is about 135 miles  217 kilometers  southwest of St. Louis . It was n't immediately clear if any of the victims were of school age , but news of the deaths has shaken the community , the superintendent of the area 's schools said Friday . "  There is a lot of speculation right now , and we just do n't have the information . The area is within the school district ; these are my families , " said Scott Dill , superintendent of the Houston R-1 School District . "  We run buses out there daily . " Classes for the district 's 1,000 students are in session Friday , in part to give them a sense of normalcy , he said . "  We do have counselors available , and other offers from other districts to help out . As a small town , we all cry together . My principals are all assessing the situation now , and we will make a determination on what to do next , " Dill said . CNN 's Amanda Watts and Camille Cava contributed to this report .	Coroner says mother off suspect was found dead of lung cancer In all , nine of a small town 's 50 residents were found dead or killed overnight Joseph Jesse Aldridge allegedly killed himself after slaying 7 people , injuring another in Tyrone , Missouri
CNN  -- Television and YouTube singing sensation Susan Boyle has promised to be on her best behavior if she wins the right to sing for the queen . Susan Boyle sings "  I Dreamed a Dream " -- and becomes a worldwide sensation . The 47-year-old Boyle , who says she has never been kissed , was catapulted into the spotlight after her rendition of "  I Dreamed a Dream " from the musical "  Les Miserables , " on the television show "  Britain 's Got Talent " at the weekend . The winner of the show gets to sing for the queen at the Royal Variety Show . Boyle has a long way to go though -- having just won through to the second round after judge Simon Cowell described her first performance as "  extraordinary . " Still , she was already thinking of how she would behave . "  Whatever comes my way , I am ready . It would be lovely to sing for the queen . There would be less of the carry on from me , and more of the singing . Watch Boyle tell CNN ` it must have been a miracle ' " "  She is a very regal lady , very nice , so I would be nice too , and just get up there and give it a bit of wellie  try  , " Boyle told the show 's Web site . Boyle said she was trying to take her new found fame in her stride . "  It 's a challenge . Life is a challenge sometimes but this is different . And I like to test myself . "  If it all gets too much and they lock me up , I want a great big strait-jacket with spots on it . A pink one ... and a big zip on the back so I can escape . " A clip of Boyle 's performance had more than 11 million views on YouTube by Thursday , and the world 's media have beaten a path to her door in Blackburn , West Lothian , Scotland . Watch Boyle 's singing wow the world " Cowell is reportedly already trying to piece together a record deal for Boyle , an unemployed charity worker , who lives with her cat , Pebbles . For fans of Boyle , who attracted laughs and sniggers when she first appeared on stage before winning a standing ovation , the album can not come quick enough . CNN has been inundated with hundreds of messages of support for Boyle . Simone said : "  I 've been so depressed all day but hearing this woman sing and reading her story gave me a pick-me-up ... I look forward to hearing more of her and I hope to buy her CD as soon as it hits the shelves . " Cynthia wanted Cowell to move quickly . "  She brought tears to my eyes and a lump in my throat . I hope Simon does get her a record contract ... I 'll buy her CD . Never judge a book by it 's cover . Susan Boyle , you go , girl ! " Jim described Boyle 's talent as "  unbelievable " and "  beautiful . " "  I wish Susan the very best in her new life and hopefully someone has put her under contract . Thank you for such a beautiful song . " Larry wanted to offer Boyle a kiss . "  I have just heard you sing for the first time -- thanks to CNN -- and I must tell you this : You are a fabulous talent , simply amazing to me that no one took advantage of your voice and passion up until now . I am a happily married man , but if I were not , and if I was in the audience , I can guarantee you that I would ask for a kiss , and if you were gracious enough to indulge me , well that would have been one of the great highlights of my life . Looking forward to the first of many albums . "	Unexpected star grabs spotlight with more than 11 million YouTube hits Susan Boyle fans want her to release an album -- now Performance on "  Britain 's Got Talent " won standing ovation The unemployed charity worker lives in northeast Scotland with pet cat
London  CNN  Said Osman found his life 's calling after witnessing a tragic scene as a young boy that still haunts him decades later . The pioneering Kenyan doctor was just nine years old when a girl was rushed across the border from southern Ethiopia to northern Kenya . A few years his senior , she was severely dehydrated and barely holding on . "  Everyone was trying to resuscitate her and my uncle , a local pharmacy technician , saw the horrified look on my face . I was just a terrified kid , so he took me home . " But Osman could n't get the girl off his mind . He persuaded his uncle to let him return to the hospital a few weeks later to see the girl . He was amazed to find she had nearly made a full recovery -- something that would inspire him to help others later in life . "  Another human being managed to bring her back to life and I should also be able to do the same if I try my best , " he recalls thinking . Though friends and family laughed off Osman 's interest in medicine , his mother voiced her support . "  You know , these guys have never seen a black doctor before , " she said at the time . Looking back , Osman admits their reaction was n't too surprising . He was , after all , living in a rural part of Kenya where nomads form most of the population . But he refused to let that stand in the way of pursuing his dream -- a journey that has taken him far away from his ancestral home and , eventually , to the United States . Medical milestone Osman is currently based in Frederick , Maryland , near Washington D.C. , and best known as a pioneer in endoscopic spine surgery . Patients , who are usually required to spend days in hospital , can often walk out of his clinic just hours after surgery . A fellow doctor from Hawaii became the world 's first patient to undergo one of Osman 's endoscopic spine surgeries in the mid 1990s . He had the first ever endoscopic thoracic decompression and fusion as an outpatient . A medical milestone , it was the culmination of several years of research . He called Osman three days after his surgery declaring : "  It 's the first time in four years that I 'm able to stand on one leg while putting on my pants . " But back surgery does n't come without serious risks . Patients undergoing a currently popular minimally invasive surgery  direct lateral approach for lumbar spinal fusion  face a complication risk of up to 67 % . Moreover , such procedures often result in some form of nerve damage . Osman is able to dramatically reduce those numbers by drilling a hole through the pelvic bone . This allows him to access the injured lowest lumbar disc while avoiding damage to spinal muscles or entry into the spinal canal , where nerves can be injured . It also does n't involve access through the abdomen . The procedure is called trans-iliac approach to lumbosacral junction . Hundreds of surgeries later , Osman says he still has n't come across any side effects in patients . He does , however , explain that the method still is n't common in the U.S. , or around the world . This has n't stopped Osman from sharing his groundbreaking technique with others . Now , more surgeons are embracing the approach as they become more familiar with it . "  It 's my duty to tell the medical community to look at my technique if they truly have the patient 's best interest at heart . " He recently released the first clinical result of the approach , while the original study was published in the "  Journal of Spine " in 1997 . He also introduced a technique called endoscopic foraminal decompression the same year . Doctors as far away as South Korea and China are now practicing the method . Dr. Anthony Yeung is best known as the former President of the World Congress of Minimally Invasive Spine Surgery and Techniques  WCMISST  . He says Osman 's approach is growing rapidly in popularity among spine specialists around the world -- who are now using the procedure on a routine basis . "  These are highly specialized surgeons , " explains Yeung , who currently heads up the International Intradiscal and Transforaminal Therapy Society . From rural Kenyan boy to world-renowned surgeon Osman was born and raised in Moyale , a place he describes as "  a small , but cosmopolitan market town between Ethiopia and Kenya . " People from different ethnic and religious backgrounds lived together in harmony -- something he says was unusual for a region largely divided into tribal areas . Each level of education Osman completed took him further and further away from his family . "  Nothing distracted me . I moved forward knowing everything was helping me reach my goal . I also began seeing black doctors the closer I got to Nairobi . " He trained at Kenyatta National Hospital , the country 's largest healthcare treatment facility . It was n't long before word of his success reached local communities in Moyale and those needing medical attention sought out his help in Nairobi . While treating them was a very fulfilling experience , Osman grew frustrated , as he was n't able to cater to everyone 's needs . This , coupled with the need to complete his post-graduate education , eventually led to his decision to leave Kenya . He was accepted to Scotland 's prestigious Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh in 1980 . "  I 'm Kenyan wherever I go in the world and nothing can ever change that , " Osman told Kenyatta 's head of surgery , who was sad to see his favorite student go . Osman eventually relocated to the United States where foreign doctors must get recertified to practice medicine . "  I wanted to advance technology in spine surgery , but how can I do that while I 'm doing internships for the next three to four years ? So I asked myself , where will the world of spine surgery be ten years from now ? " Predicting the future allowed Osman to spearhead cutting-edge medical procedures while still transitioning to working as a doctor in the U.S. Inspiring the next generation Some 30 years later , his success story appears to have inspired a new generation of high achievers in his rural hometown . Osman explains his village in Moyale at one point produced the highest number of doctors , veterinary surgeons , nurses and engineers per capita in Marsabit county . He remembers receiving an email from a young man about 10 years ago . It turned out he came from the same village and was studying electrical engineering in Kansas . "  He said if there was no Said Osman , I probably would n't be here . I felt tears running down my cheeks and realized that I 've achieved what I set out to do . To lead by example , so others can use their potential to get more out of life . " Osman 's ultimate ambition is to produce an artificial skeleton , which mimics a natural one as closely as technology allows . That goal could already be well within his reach . He has patents for growing artificial bones and joints -- as well as replacing damaged discs in the spine with biologic materials . "  I still see that 12-year-old girl in front of me , " he says . " That 's who I 'm treating every day . If my patients are smiling , then I have achieved my dream . " More from African Voices	Kenyan-born Said Osman is a world-renowned spinal surgeon Osman is the pioneer behind endoscopic spine surgery Osman has patents for growing artificial bones and joints His career goal is to produce an artificial skeleton
CNN  -- He was the football star who came to symbolize one of the reasons why many argued Qatar should n't be allowed the right to stage the 2022 World Cup . On Friday , a year to the day since he returned to Paris following his painstaking exit from Qatar , Zahir Belounis will take a moment to remember the scarring experience of being trapped inside his Doha apartment for months on end . "  I can not forget what happened ... my head is still in that place , " former French-Algerian football player Belounis told CNN . "  I never did anything wrong but my life was ruined and for what ? "  Perhaps I do n't understand the seriousness of what I achieved in getting out and being able to tell my story . "  It 's not just about me -- it 's about all the people like me who have also suffered . " Last year , on November 28 , Belounis was reunited with his mother and family after returning to France along with his wife Johanna and two small daughters . Belounis had become the face of the struggle against "  kafala " -- the system which ties employees to a specific employer within Qatar . Fiercely criticized by pressure groups such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International , "  kafala " has been labeled as facilitating modern day slavery , though recently Qatar said it had been making progress in reforming the system . Stranded in Qatar following a 18-month pay dispute with football club El Jaish , Belounis was finally allowed to leave the Gulf State after a lengthy campaign by human rights groups and those on social media . Belounis , who had plied his trade in the lower divisions of French and Swiss football , moved to Qatar in 2007 and initially enjoyed success . In 2010 , he was offered a new five-year contract and signed the deal with the ambition of taking El Jaish into the nation 's top division , which he achieved the following year . But once El Jaish was promoted , Belounis was sidelined and told he would not play again . There started the problem with his contract -- the club paying him only a small amount of what he was owed until the money stopped completely . For 18 months he struggled to feed his family , desperately contacting the French government and President Francois Hollande for help while he also sent an open letter to Pep Guardiola and Zinedine Zidane , two of the most famous men in football . The Qatari Football Association denied Belounis ' allegations , stating that it had helped him recover unpaid wages from a previous club in the country and said the player had not lodged a complaint against El Jaish . In telephone conversations with CNN before he left Qatar , the footballer confessed he had been driven to drink and suicidal thoughts . Even now , some 12 months later , it remains a difficult subject , both for him and his family . "  As a mother , there is nothing worse on earth than seeing your son screaming for help , crying on the phone , hearing him on TV , on radio , " Zahir 's mother Fouzia told CNN . "  Of course I was aware that he was n't held by some sort of terrorist group , but I felt like that every day . "  The worst was the article saying he was suicidal , but I want to forget that day , it is haunting me until today . " A photograph of Belounis emerging from the arrivals zone at Charles de Gaulle airport and moving almost immediately into the arms of his mother went viral online as the two embraced while cameras flashed and popped . "  I remember that night , " said Belounis . "  I was alone in the bathroom and just remember thinking , ` I 've had to come back to my mum 's house like a kid . ' "  I had my wife and children and here I was , back at home . It was n't right . "  I was a grown man forced to crawl back to my mum -- it was embarrassing . " Belounis suffered from anxiety as he struggled to adjust to his new found freedom . "  When he arrived in Paris , he was like a traumatized animal , scared of everything , " his brother Mahdi told CNN . "  It was almost impossible to make him smile or laugh . " Unable to settle in Paris , Belounis moved to Malaga in southern Spain where he found work at his friend 's restaurant -- as a waiter . "  In life you have to work , " he said . "  My friend wanted to help me and I am so grateful towards him . "  At first it was difficult because I was used to the good life , being a professional football player . "  But now I have learned the trade and I respect the job of a waiter . I 've learned about the restaurant and I am grateful , although I never expected to finish my career like this . " Last week , Qatar was back in the headlines after winning the right to host the 2019 World Athletics Championship . The decision was met with criticism by human rights groups who are unhappy at the Gulf State 's treatment of migrant workers . In a statement , the Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs insisted the country is making progress and expects labor reforms to be implemented over the coming months . "  A new sponsorship law , currently under review , that will replace the outdated "  kafala " system will be announced by next year , " said the statement . "  We are also working on laws to cover domestic workers . "  As in every country in the world , change does not happen overnight . Significant changes such as these take more time to implement that some may wish , but we intend to effect meaningful and lasting change for the benefit of all those who live and work in Qatar . "  Our plans are going through a legislative process and we expect to make announcements about new legislation by early next year . " While Belounis says he is encouraged by these developments , he is anxious to witness greater progress . According to a report by DLA Piper and confirmed by the government , 964 workers from Bangladesh , India and Nepal died while living and working in the country in 2012 and 2013 . The International Trade Union Confederation has estimated that 4,000 workers could die while working on projects by the time the 2022 World Cup begins . According to the Qatari government , there are over 1.4 million foreign workers currently plying their trade in the country . "  Qatar 's system is not a human system , " Belounis said . "  I think they have no choice but to make changes now . "  The last time I heard the Emir speak , he said lots of good things but we want to see some action . We have to do something other than talk . "  I am a victim of the ` kafala ' system and the rules need to be changed so it will never happen again . " Belounis is still awaiting news from the French justice ministry in his claim for unpaid wages against Qatari club El Jaish , though he insists his is a struggle that is n't just about money . "  This is about human rights . I hope one day I will see justice and that the Qataris will come out in public and admit they made a mistake . "  I want an apology . It 's the only thing which will finish this episode . " Both his mother and brother are desperate for Belounis to put his time in Qatar behind him . "  Zahir is ready to fight even if we have to go to the European Court , " said Mahdi . "  This is n't just about Zahir , it is about hundreds and thousands of people who are in the exact same position that he was once in . "  He is the symbol of this human disaster . " Meanwhile , Zahir 's mother is very much aware of the emotional torment her son has experienced . "  I can see it in his eyes , because I know my son . And I felt he was internally destroyed and fragile . "  I lost the kid full of joy I knew from before . It will take time , but I will get him back , I am sure . As for Zahir he still has flashbacks -- the nights of sleeping on the floor in his Qatari home , crying while he held his daughters , remain fresh in the mind . Even now , the picture of his two young girls asking , "  What 's wrong daddy ? " haunts him . The depression which led him to ponder suicide might have lifted but the memories have n't . "  I know that it will be a year since I came back but I just want to be alone , " he said . "  I remember telling my little girls that ` Daddy does n't have any strength to fight anymore ' but here I am . "  I am proud of what has happened to me and to be the first to highlight this problem . "  Perhaps I have n't fully realized what I 've done ... but I will sit tomorrow night and I will remember . "	Zahir Belounis was a French-Algerian footballer Belounis was stranded in Qatar following pay dispute Arrived back in France on November 28 2013 Belounis still awaiting payment from Qatari football club
CNN  -- Time was running out for Julian Assange . If the WikiLeaks frontman was going to make a move it would be soon . Just days before Assange had lost his final bid in Britain 's highest court to stop his extradition to Sweden for questioning about sexual assault allegations . The court had set a July 7 deadline . Though the sexual misconduct case has nothing to do with WikiLeaks , some of his supporters believe that if Assange is sent to Sweden , he would be vulnerable to extradition to the United States . WikiLeaks published a trove of State Department cables and secret documents , some of them classified , about the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . Assange is not currently facing criminal charges in the U.S. . So where in the world should Assange turn for refuge ? He picked Ecuador , which has just approved his request for asylum . "  It 's a very smart move to go there . Ecuador 's President Rafael Correa and Assange have mutual interests -- they both support the idea that the U.S. is an imperial power that has to be checked , " said Robert Amsterdam , a Canadian international lawyer who 's worked high profile cases involving Latin America , Russia and Thailand . He said the information contained in the cables WikiLeaks released has helped in some of his cases . Correa , a left-leaning economist , has railed against the United States in concert with allies in the region and elsewhere -- Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez , Bolvia 's Evo Morales , Cuba 's Fidel Castro and Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . As far as angering the British government , Correa has shown he does n't mind doing that . In February , Correa called for sanctions against Britain for its long-running dispute with Argentina over who owns the Falkland Islands . "  From a Latin perspective , what a glorious thing to get Assange , " Amsterdam said . "  You do n't have to be even anti-American to want to do that . When I 'm in Guatemala , they still call the  U.S.  ` the empire . ' There really is an almost universal hostility toward American foreign policy . Assange would be welcomed in many countries just for that fact . " Jorge Leon , an Ecuadorian political analyst who lives in Quito , said that with presidential elections in Ecuador scheduled for next February giving Assange asylum in the country could be "  useful to Correa to give himself a leftist image . " "  A lot of his base is leftist , " said Leon . "  He has to feed that base . " Correa and Assange Ecuadorian president Correa recently appeared on Assange 's new television show , "  The World Tomorrow , " which began broadcasting in April on R-TV , Russia 's state-funded English language channel . Assange introduced his guest by calling Correa "  a transformative leader , " and pointed out that Correa expelled the U.S. ambassador after reports that a WikiLeaks State Department cable showed that the American ambassador was concerned about an allegedly corrupt high ranking police official . The cable , published by Spanish newspaper El Pais , said Correa was aware of corruption by the police high command . The website of Assange 's TV show described it differently , saying the cable showed the U.S. "  embassy exercising influence over members of the Ecuadorian police force . " "  Your WikiLeaks has made us stronger ! " Correa told Assange . Assange and Correa seemed to have a rapport , praising each other and at times laughing like old friends who shared inside jokes . Assange began the interview by asking Correa what he thinks of the United States . Correa answered by accusing the U.S. of meddling in Ecuador 's police force , yet then said the countries have a relationship based on "  affection and friendship . " Correa went on to say he lived in the U.S. for four years and got two academic degrees in the U.S. "  I love and admire the American people a great deal , " he said . "  The last thing I 'd be is anti-American , but I will always call a spade a spade . " Later in the interview , Correa laughs about his decision not to renew the U.S. Southern Command 's lease of Eloy Alfaro Air Base in Manta , which ended U.S. occupancy of the base in 2009 . Correa sarcastically suggested that he should be able to keep a base in Miami . "  I 'm enjoying your jokes a great deal , " Assange told the Ecuadorian president . A press freedom fighter in Ecuador ? "  That interview was just Assange asking Correa a bunch of softball questions , " said Adam Isacson of the Regional Security Policy Program of human rights group Washington Office on Latin America . Isacson and other experts point out that Correa loves disclosures when it suits him , but he has one of the worst reputations in Latin America for cracking down on journalists . Correa has filed defamation complaints against journalists who criticized him , forced independent radio and television stations to air lengthy rebuttals of critical reports , pre-empted programming and temporarily shut some stations down , according to the Committee to Protect Journalists . In a June 9 radio address , Correa asked government ministers to stop granting interviews to private media because those outlets are "  corrupt . " Would n't that bother Assange , a self-professed pillar of the free press ? Well , experts say , Assange 's show is broadcast by a network financed by the Kremlin and Russia is n't known for its press freedoms . Standing up for freedom of the press may seem less important to Assange than saving himself right now , said Amsterdam . "  If he winds up getting extradited to the U.S. many people believe he 'd never see the light of day again , " the attorney said . "  Assange is in a very dangerous place , " Amsterdam said . But he said he feels the information disclosed by the WikiLeaks releases has "  been incredible . It 's so important . " A legal and diplomatic ` mess ' If Assange thought he was in trouble by staying in Britain , he could be in even more trouble if he tries to leave , said international human rights attorney Jared Genser . Genser is best known for helping to free Burmese Nobel Peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi . "  The big challenge would be getting Assange from the Ecuadorian Embassy in London to Ecuador . It would be very difficult , " Genser said . "  He could end up spending years living in the embassy as the Brits are n't likely to look too kindly on this stunt and the Ecuadorians might provide him protection in their mission . "  But it would be much more difficult to get him out and to a private plane to transit to Ecuador . " Assange is subject to arrest by British authorities for violating a bail requirement that he spend every night at the home outside London , police said in June . In a written statement , London Metropolitan police said that they were notified Assange may have breached one of the conditions of his bail . If Assange shows up in Ecuador there could be criminal repercussions and diplomatic repercussions . "  If a fugitive were to show up in Ecuador after escaping from British territory and be protected by the Ecuador authorities , it would be a diplomatic mess , " Isacson said . "  If Assange arrives in Ecuador , the first thing the Brits would probably do is remove their ambassador from Ecuador , " he said . It would also mean American officials , experts said , would inevitably have to start talking about Assange again , two years after the WikiLeaker first became a thorn in their side by releasing his first batch of secret U.S. documents . CNN 's Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	Trying to get asylum in Ecuador is "  a very smart move " for Assange , expert says Ecuador 's left leaning president has railed against the U.S , like Assange Rafael Correa recently appeared on Assange television show , and the two appeared to have a rapport If Assange tries to leave England , it could lead to a diplomatic and legal "  mess , " expert says
CNN  -- As a society , we do too much short-term thinking . In Washington , that has meant passing bills that paper over fiscal problems in the short term while ignoring long-term consequences for future generations . The result is a fiscal gap that places unknown financial burdens on today 's young people . We may have different prescriptions for how to address our budget challenges , but from a personal standpoint , we both worry about how a lack of information about long-term budget realities will affect our children 's generations and those that follow . We want Congress to do more long-term planning , like families and businesses across this country do every day . Instead of kicking the can down the road , Congress and the administration need to understand how policy decisions made today in Washington will affect future generations of Americans . On Wednesday , we are introducing a bill to bring more transparency to the budget process and ensure that members of Congress and the administration are honest with themselves and the American people about current and future budget realities . Right now , Congress only looks at the effect of legislation over the next 10 years . Rarely is information presented that reflects the longer-term impact . Our bill -- the Intergenerational Financial Obligations Reform Act , or INFORM -- would ensure that Congress , the administration and the American people have the information necessary to understand the effect that taxes , spending policies and future economic advancements will have on the fiscal health of the country and on individual Americans 20 , 50 or even 75 years down the road . The INFORM Act would require the president to provide a detailed accounting of how the administration 's budget and policy recommendations , and its predictions of economic health , would affect young people down the line . It would also require the Government Accountability Office to provide an annual analysis of the impact of future budget realities on generations to come and account for any fiscal gaps  the difference between spending and tax revenue  . This approach -- known as a generational accounting and fiscal gap analysis -- would examine the full scope of the government 's obligations , present and future , and then look at the effect those obligations will have on current and future generations . Presidents Bill Clinton and George H.W. Bush each used this tool in submitting executive budgets . Young Americans in their 20s and 30s deserve to know what the decisions of today 's lawmakers mean for their future . And lawmakers should use every tool at our disposal to make better decisions . We believe this approach will help us improve the fiscal health of the country . Washington has spent enough time kicking the can down the road . It 's time to start being honest about the long-term challenges facing future generations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	John Thune , Tim Kaine : Washinton 's fiscal thinking does n't account for long term They say Congress , administration must analyze budget moves for future effect They say their new bill -- INFORM -- would require this and account for fiscal gaps Writers : Lawmakers must be honest about long-term challenges for future
CNN  -- Six counties in eastern North Carolina have been declared federal disaster areas after heavy rains from Tropical Storm Nicole earlier this month caused extensive flooding and subsequent damage . Gov. Bev Perdue 's office said it received notice Thursday afternoon that the federal agency had issued the declaration , which makes business and homeowners affected by the floods in Beaufort , Bertie , Craven , Hertford , Onslow and Tyrrell counties eligible for low-interest loans and grants . "  In a time when the economy is down and our people are struggling , it 's hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel after losses like these , " Perdue , a Democrat , said in a press release . "  Now families can take some hope from the fact that they will have help replacing some of those losses . " Eight people died in early October after Tropical Storm Nicole interacted with another low-pressure weather front to dump heavy rain from the Carolinas north to Cape Cod . North Carolina was especially hard hit . In Bertie County , for instance , waters that reached as high as stop signs caused the full or partial closure of scores of roads . And many businesses and several historic homes in the town of Windsor ended up partially submerged . County , state and federal emergency officials last week surveyed the storm 's impact in 21 North Carolina counties , according to Perdue 's office . They found damage to 420 homes -- including 60 that were destroyed -- and 80 businesses . Homeowners who qualify for federal assistance in the six affected counties can receive up to $ 240,000 to repair or replace their homes and personal belongings . Emergency management officials said that , based on preliminary estimates , they do not believe the state of North Carolina will qualify for federal funding to recoup costs for emergency measures or pay for repairs to roads , bridges or other infrastructure , according to the governor 's office .	FEMA has declared federal disaster areas in six North Carolina counties Those who qualify can receive up to $ 240,000 to repair or replace homes Heavy rains from Tropical Storm Nicole hit eastern N.C. in early October 420 homes were damaged , including 60 that were destroyed
CNN  -- As bloody month after bloody month goes by , the United States grows ever more committed to overthrowing the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . The cause is undoubtedly a just one : Avaaz , the human rights group that has been most deeply involved in the Syria crisis , reported Thursday morning that "  17 civilians were beheaded or partially beheaded by regime security forces " outside of Baba Amro , the besieged Homs district that will likely soon fall to al-Assad 's tanks , if it has n't already . Last week , Syrian activists reported that regime soldiers had ambushed and killed 64 men fleeing Homs , dumping their bodies outside the city . And ousting al-Assad would bring strategic benefits , removing Iran 's only Arab ally at a time when the Islamic Republic is on its heels , and taking out a patron of hard-line movements like Hamas and Hezbollah that oppose a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . But the United States has not done all it can to hasten al-Assad 's exit . Syria is unquestionably a hard problem -- vastly more complicated than Libya : more ethnically diverse , with a far greater number of outside players involved . Turkey shares a long border with Syria and a fear of Kurdish nationalism ; Russia sees al-Assad as its last remaining friend in the Middle East ; Saudi Arabia would like to see the majority Sunnis in power ; Iraq , Israel and Lebanon fear the inevitable chaos that will follow al-Assad 's collapse ; and , of course , Iran is deeply invested in the regime 's survival . All this rightly makes U.S. policymakers queasy about getting sucked into a potential quagmire just as they are pulling out of two costly wars with little to show for it . Where advocates of military intervention see in Syria another Libya , or even a Kosovo , many see another Iraq in the making . It also means the United States has less leeway to pursue its interests  and values  unilaterally . As long as Turkey , for instance , opposes safe zones along the Syrian border , it 's a no go . The man responsible for the carnage in Syria is Bashar al-Assad . Still , the Obama administration has made a number of blunders that , in hindsight , have made this problem harder to solve . Here are six : 1 . Underestimating al-Assad . To its credit , the administration was quick to recognize that al-Assad was in serious trouble . Obama was one of the first world leaders to call explicitly for al-Assad 's ouster . But in doing so , was the administration too optimistic about his chances of survival , too naÃ ¯ ve about the depths he would go to remain in power ? 2 . Taking force off the table . Yes , the Pentagon is reportedly preparing "  detailed " contingency options for U.S. military action in Syria . That 's what militaries do , and it 's only prudent for the United States to monitor chemical weapons sites and eavesdrop on the regime 's communications . It 's also a good idea for the president to have a full understanding of what his options are and the risks and costs involved . But the administration has been unwilling to make the kind of threats that could make al-Assad think twice about what he 's doing . That 's understandable : It 's hard to make a threat credible if it 's obvious to all that you are n't willing to carry it out . But earnest denunciations and multilateral conferences do n't seem to be working . Why undercut your diplomacy ? 3 . Handwringing about al Qaeda . The U.S. intelligence community is concerned about the presence in Syria of fighters from Iraq 's al Qaeda branch , who are thought to be behind a spate of bombing attacks in Damascus and Aleppo . That 's a reasonable worry . But Secretary of State Hillary Clinton went beyond caution this week , tarring the Syrian opposition -- which is overwhelmingly ordinary Syrians , conservative , yes , but not extremists -- with the same broad brush . "  We know al Qaeda -LSB- leader Ayman al - -RSB- Zawahiri is supporting the opposition in Syria . Are we supporting al Qaeda in Syria ? Hamas is now supporting the opposition . Are we supporting Hamas in Syria ? " Clinton said . "  If you 're a military planner or if you 're a secretary of state and you 're trying to figure out do you have the elements of an opposition that is actually viable , that we do n't see . " 4 . Failing to engage al-Assad 's allies . If al-Assad is to fall , the pillars that prop up his regime must first be removed . Iran and Russia , both of which continue to send weapons and advice , if not more , must be convinced that a post-al-Assad Syria is something they can at least live with . Both countries have met with members of the Syrian opposition , indicating they want to explore their options . Perhaps these are merely insincere efforts to help al-Assad divide and conquer . But it 's worth exploring what 's real and what 's not . The same goes for al-Assad 's internal allies : Are we doing enough to convince senior military and security leaders that they 're better off without al-Assad ? 5 . Ignoring China . Even if you believe the Russians will never dump al-Assad , what about the Chinese ? China also vetoed the most recent U.N. Security Council resolution on Syria , in tune with its habit of standing with Russia against encroachment on the principle of state sovereignty . But Washington has made little effort to engage Beijing on this issue , or to enlist Arab oil suppliers like Saudi Arabia to lobby on the Syrian opposition 's behalf . China has few tangible interests in Syria , and might be convinced that a post-al-Assad world is in its broader interest . That would leave Russia isolated and uncomfortable . 6 . Focusing exclusively on the Syrian National Council . Underscoring its skittishness about the growing militarization of what is by now a civil war by any reasonable definition , the Obama administration has shied away from dealing with the Free Syrian Army 's leadership in Turkey . Perhaps more is going on behind the scenes , but the United States has clearly put its energies behind the SNC . But it is unclear whether this fractious body of exiles truly represents Syrians on the ground , and its relationship with the FSA is poor . The SNC on Thursday announced it was setting up some kind of "  military bureau " to funnel weapons to the FSA , but it 's not yet clear the FSA is truly on board . The SNC has also had a hard time attracting support from minorities , who fear that al-Assad 's ouster will put their communities at risk . These points are not an indictment of Obama 's Syria policy . There are no good options here , only bad and worse ones . As al-Assad moves to consolidate his brutal victory in Homs and put the rebellion down once and for all , there 's still time to rectify our mistakes and shape an outcome that saves lives and protects American interests . But not very much time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Blake Hounshell	Blake Hounshell says Hom is likely to fall as Syria regime continues brutal crackdown He says U.S. committed to ousting regime but has not gone all in to end complex conflict He lists 6 ways the U.S. faltered , including taking force off the table ; worrying about al Qaeda Hounshell : There are no good options , only bad and worse ; time running short to save lives
The U.N. General Assembly on Thursday approved a resolution calling the Crimean referendum to secede from Ukraine invalid . The vote on the nonbinding resolution was 100-11 , with 58 countries abstaining . It 's the latest indication of Russia 's isolation within the international community over its actions in Ukraine . Moscow formally annexed Ukraine 's southern Crimea region last week , days after the controversial referendum in which a majority of Crimeans voted to leave Ukraine for Russia . Adding to tensions , Russia now may have as many as 40,000 troops near its border with Ukraine , two U.S. officials told CNN on Thursday . The officials said that this estimate was largely based on satellite imagery and that a firm number is difficult to assess . However , a spokesman for Ukraine 's Council of National Security and Defense told CNN his government estimates 88,000 Russian troops are at the Ukrainian border . U.S. officials said they believe the higher estimates may reflect Russian troops on alert farther to the east . Earlier Thursday , former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko , released from jail last month , said she intends to run for president in May elections . After more than two years in prison , she was released in February after the ouster of her archrival , President Viktor Yanukovych . She has already been Prime Minister twice before and ran for President in 2010 . "  Yes , I am planning to run , " she said at a news conference at her Kiev office . Tymoshenko said she intended to ask delegates at her Batkivshchyna Party congress on Saturday to nominate her as a presidential candidate . Ukraine 's elections are taking place against a backdrop of poor economic conditions , Moscow 's annexation of Crimea and rumblings of discontent in the mainly Russian-speaking eastern regions . Tymoshenko 's announcement came as the International Monetary Fund announced a $ 14 billion to $ 18 billion bailout for Ukraine to avoid bankruptcy . The bailout is tied to painful reforms as the country faces an escalating standoff with Russia . U.S. President Barack Obama on Thursday praised the loan agreement between the IMF and Ukraine , and said the United States will do its part to help , too . Speaking with Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi in Rome , Obama said he is calling on Congress to make sure the United States does its part with an economic assistance package to "  support the Ukrainian people as they move forward . " The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved $ 1 billion in loan guarantees for Ukraine , along with sanctions against Russia for its intervention in Ukraine . Obama said he hopes that Russia will walk through the "  door of diplomacy " but that its annexation of Crimea means the United States and European Union will increase their sanctions . Earlier this month the House of Representatives approved Ukraine loan guarantees and is now voting on sanctions . Symbol of ` Orange Revolution ' With her trademark hair braid , Tymoshenko came to international prominence during the 2004 "  Orange Revolution " that toppled Yanukovych 's first administration . A rerun of the election handed the presidency to her political ally , Viktor Yushchenko , under whom she was Prime Minister . Amid broad disappointment with that government 's performance , Yanukovych was again elected in 2010 . Tymoshenko was imprisoned in 2011 in a corruption case linked to a gas deal she brokered with Russia in 2009 . She served two years of a seven-year term , mainly under prison guard in a hospital in Kharkiv . Many demonstrators carried her picture during mass anti-government protests that began in November and eventually ousted Yanukovych . Upon her release from prison , Tymoshenko , in a wheelchair , addressed crowds in Kiev 's Independence Square , the epicenter of the rallies that began when Yanukovych spurned a deal with the EU in favor of closer ties with Moscow . Early presidential elections in Ukraine are scheduled for May 25 . Former boxer Vitaliy Klitschko and billionaire businessman Petro Poroshenko are also expected to take part in the elections .	U.N. General Assembly 's nonbinding resolution indicates Russia 's isolation over Crimea Ex-Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko says she plans to run in Ukraine 's May elections Presidential elections are scheduled for May 25 The International Monetary Fund announces a bailout deal worth billions for Ukraine
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A 23-year-old British student has designed a "  super-green superyacht " built using only sustainable materials and which produces virtually no carbon emissions . 600 square meters of solar panels and three giant "  wings " mean "  Soliloquy " can run on wind energy or solar power . "  Soliloquy 's " unique eco-luxury design allows the boat to run on two different sources of sustainable energy by incorporating 600 square meters of solar panels on the exterior of the boat and giant rigid "  wings " that function like sails . Although the 58-meter boat has yet to be built , it would be able to run either on wind energy via the wings  known as "  rigid-wing solarsails "  , solar power supplied by the panels or a combination of the two . An equivalent-sized superyacht burns anywhere between 250 and 600 liters of marine diesel per hour , depending on speed and fuel efficiency , and emits three times that in CO2 emissions , according to British yachting carbon offset company , Yacht Carbon Offset . Some of the biggest SUVs on the road burn around 20 liters of fuel per hour . Both the panels and solarsails -- developed by Australian company Solar Sailor -- on the vessel can fold up or completely stretch out depending on which energy source is in use , changing the yacht 's shape . "  I wanted to prove that eco-luxury no longer has to be an oxymoron and does n't have to make a yacht more expensive , " designer Alastair Callender , a life-long sailing fanatic , told CNN . See more images of super-yacht Soliloquy " "  My generation is passionate about the planet and we 've got to do all we can so that the earth can sustain us , " he added . "  At the same time , however , I am also passionate about superyachts . " Soliloquy is projected to cost approximately $ 60 to $ 65 million to build -- similar in cost to conventional superyachts of its size . Callender is currently in talks with potential owners to have the vessel built . The wider superyacht community is enthused about the potential of his design and he has also been invited to speak about his ever-evolving , eco-vessel in Abu Dhabi and Monaco . Callender was originally inspired by famed architect David Fishers ' design for a "  constantly moving " tower in Dubai . "  That 's how the idea of an ever-evolving superyacht started -- with the three wings that can independently rotate through 360 degrees , " Callender explained . Do you like the look of Soliloquy ? Tell us in the Sound Off box below Callender designed "  Soliloquy " during his final year studying at Coventry University in England . He approached Solar Sailor , an Australian technology company for technical validation of his design . He also asked a local engineering company , Visioneering , to help construct an intricately detailed scale model . At first , some at Visioneering were taken aback by Callender 's young age . "  But the idea was innovative and sometimes younger people can bring on board really fresh , new ideas , " said Adrian Coppin of Visioneering . "  He also has a lot of experience in the yachting industry . " Callender says his passion comes from a childhood spent in Portsmouth , England : "  I grew up near a harbor , 200 meters away from my sailing club . " After school , Callender went to Greece for six months to teach sailing . He then worked with some of the big yacht design companies , including that of his mentor , Andrew Winch . He now feels confident that with a good business plan , his project will become reality . "  There are hundreds of extremely rich families who invest in green technology and until now have not wanted to buy yachts because they produce too many carbon emissions , " he said . "  But with a yacht like Soliloquy , I think they may consider it . "	A 23-year-old British student has designed a super-green superyacht It runs on either solar power from panels or wind energy from giant "  wings " Yahct produces virtually no emissions and is made from sustainable materials Designer is now in talks with potential owners to have "  Soliloquy " built
The man himself will set you back a cool $ 335 million -- but if you 're just after Lionel Messi 's left foot then it could be all yours for a "  bargain " $ 5.25 million . A Japanese jeweler has created a 25 kilogram solid gold statue of the Barcelona player 's favored foot , which has been created from a mold in Tokyo . Messi , who was named as the best player in the world for the fourth consecutive time after picking up the prestigious Ballon d'Or in January , has also had a number of smaller creations crafted by Ginza Tanaka . Messi signs new Barcelona deal Part of the profits from Thursday 's sale will go to help some of the people affected by the earthquake and tsunami which hit Japan two years ago next Monday , through the Leo Messi Foundation . Messi broke all records on the way to scoring an unparalleled 91 goals for club and country in 2012 , surpassing the previous record of 85 set by Germany 's Gerd Muller in 1972 . He has scored 50 so far this season , helping Barcelona to the top of La Liga . But the Argentina international will need to put in a 24-carat performance if Barca is to progress in the European Champions League next week . Messi 's side must overturn a two-goal first-leg deficit at Camp Nou to overcome Italian team AC Milan and reach the quarterfinals .	Solid gold replica of Lionel Messi 's left foot has gone on sale in Japan . The 25 kg statue , worth $ 5.25 million , was created from mold of Messi 's foot Created by Japanese jeweler Ginza Tanaka to commemorate Messi 's fourth Ballon d'Or award
CNN  -- A Delaware pediatrician accused of molesting more than 100 of his patients was sentenced Friday to serve his lifetime in prison . Earl Bradley , whose practice was in Lewes , was sentenced to the maximum sentence of 14 life terms , plus 164 years in prison without the possibility of parole , according to a statement from the office of state Attorney General Beau Biden . He originally had faced 529 counts of rape , sexual exploitation of a child , unlawful sexual contact and other charges . In June , he was found guilty on 24 counts . The charges include first-degree rape , forcing girls to perform oral sex on him and filming dozens of children engaging in sex acts . Police officers and detectives , but none of the alleged victims , testified in June in a bench trial , which is a trial held before a judge and without a jury . Bradley 's attorneys did not call any witnesses nor did they make closing arguments . The evidence against Bradley is based on video seized from his home and office , Biden has said . Public defenders in April challenged the scope of a search warrant used to acquire these tapes , but the judge ruled against them . According to the indictment , the abuse allegedly occurred between 1998 and 2009 . All but one of the 103 alleged victims were girls , some as young as 2 years old . Police arrested Bradley in December 2009 .	Pediatrician was accused of sexually assaulting 103 of his patients A judge orders Earl Bradley to spend the rest of his life behind bars Authorities testified against him during a bench trial in June
CNN  -- Interns -- between office duties , they fetch your coffee , pick up your dry cleaning , maybe even cover for you when you play hooky from the office . But watch your back : That same fresh-faced intern who sucks up to you from 9 to 5 might be gunning for your job or , worse , trying to kill you . At least , that 's the premise of Shane Kuhn 's darkly comic thriller , "  The Intern 's Handbook , " which was released this month . In Kuhn 's story , John Lago is an intern at a prestigious Manhattan law firm . He 's also a hit man , hired to infiltrate top-level companies and assassinate crooked executives , all while disguised as a lowly office intern . While the plot may sound far removed from reality , Kuhn has found a powerful theme in the working world . Almost everyone trying to climb the corporate ladder has to start out at the bottom ; some huge success stories started out as interns , including people like Oprah Winfrey , Steve Jobs and Sean Combs . CNN 's Anderson Cooper was once a summer intern for the CIA . In recent months , interns have been making headlines , not for the work they do , but for for how little they 're paid to do it -- and sometimes , for how they 're treated by the boss . A growing number of cities and states are passing laws to protect unpaid interns against sexual harassment and discrimination . There has been a handful of lawsuits from interns against some big targets , including movie studios and media companies , over unpaid wages and overtime . Kuhn , 46 , says he , too , started out as an intern and it always struck him as "  odd " how interns have a combination of anonymity and access . "  An intern is basically someone who is hiding in plain sight . Nobody knows their name , no one could pick them out of a lineup , but at the same time , they do everything for their employers , " Kuhn says . Kuhn says his novel was n't inspired by any horror stories from his working past . There were no horrible bosses , just indifferent ones . "  To the boss , interns are complete nobodies they do n't even want to look at , " he said . "  It 's all the people working under the boss , the everyday workers , that take advantage of the interns . " Kuhn says at times he felt like "  a bit of an indentured servant " working for the paid employees in his office . "  If they wanted to go play golf in the afternoon , but they had filing to do or documents that needed to be pulled , they would just have me do it . Then afterward they say to me , ` Hey man , thanks for doing me a solid , Shawn . ' " Nevermind that his name is Shane . Ultimately , Kuhn says , he realized he was not going anywhere as an intern . "  You kind of end up bending over backward and then you do n't necessarily get a job , " he said . "  You just get shuffled off and they bring in a new batch of interns to do all their work for them . " But the Fort Collins , Colorado , author 's experiences stuck with him , and eventually became fodder for his fiction . He describes his book as the "  love child " between two of his obsessions : corporate America and assassins . "  I 've always wanted to write a really good assassin 's story . To me it 's the ultimate blank slate character , " he said . Previous movies and books put a comic spin on the intern story , but Kuhn had a different vision , saying , "  There could be something more sinister about an intern , something darker . Then it clicked for me , there 's my unique take on the assassin story . It seemed like the perfect thing to apply to interns . " While this is Kuhn 's first novel , he has worked for nearly 20 years in the film industry , mostly as a screenwriter , penning such B-movies as "  Drive Thru , " "  The Scorpion King 3 " and "  SEAL Team 8 : Behind Enemy Lines . " In 1995 , he co-founded the Slamdance FIlm Festival , an even more indie version of Sundance in Park City , Utah . He says he wanted his book to capture the feel of a big screen blockbuster . "  I wanted to create enough cues for this to really blow up in your mind and feel like a movie . " Hollywood 's taken notice . Kuhn says he 's had preliminary discussions with several stars in the entertainment industry about bringing his book to the big screen or television but says he 's in no rush to make a deal . "  This is really a dream come true for me , " he said . "  Finally I 'm a published author . I do n't want to screw it up . This book is my baby . I 'm going to be pretty careful with it . " For now , Kuhn says he 's going all-in with "  The Intern 's Handbook . " He plans to have the book 's jacket art tattooed on his arm at a promotional event this week . He 's already written a sequel and has an idea for a third story , and potentially more , in what could be a future "  Interns " franchise . "  I 'm moving forward creatively , " he said . "  I 'm not going to stop . I 'm going to keep writing . "	Shane Kuhn 's darkly comic thriller , "  The Intern 's Handbook , " debuted this month In the book , a law firm intern is a hired hit man , infiltrating top-level companies Kuhn : "  An intern is basically someone who is hiding in plain sight . ... They do everything "
CNN  -- A court in Mumbai on Thursday found four men guilty of gang-raping a photojournalist in the Indian city last year . The woman , who was 22 at the time , and a male colleague were on assignment in the area for a print publication in August when some men approached them , according to police . The two had walked from a train station to a nearby mill , the woman said in a statement released by police . One of the men claimed to be a railway employee and said , "  Our boss has seen you taking photos ; you will have to come with us . " According to the woman , he refused to let her talk to his boss , instead leading them away . Then , somewhere near the exit , one of the accused pointed at the photojournalist 's colleague , saying he was responsible for a killing a few days ago . Sexual harassment in India : ` The story you never wanted to hear ' "  I pleaded with them to let us go , but they shouted at me and threatened me , " the woman said . She and her colleague were taken further inside the mill complex . There , they offered their camera and phone , begging to be let go . Instead , "  they tied my friend 's hands with  a  belt " as two others joined the group , the woman said . "  Three people stayed with my friend , and the two took me behind a wall , " she added . That 's where the attack allegedly occurred . The victim said her mother called her phone multiple times , before one of the men switched it off . The woman said she was threatened with , among other things , sharp pieces of a broken beer bottle . A fifth suspect who was arrested in connection with the case -- believed to be a teenager -- will be tried separately in a juvenile court . The four men will be sentenced on Friday . Woman tells police village head ordered her gang-raped Danish woman tells police she was gang-raped in New Delhi CNN 's Mallika Kapur in Mumbai contributed to this report .	Four men will be sentenced Friday after being convicted of gang-raping 22-year old Fifth suspect , believed to be a teen , will be tried in a juvenile court The woman and a male colleague were on assignment in Mumbai when approached
CNN  -- A hard-line Iranian newspaper has called the French first lady a "  prostitute " and recommended she be put to death for supporting a woman sentenced to death by stoning in Iran for adultery . Under the headline "  French prostitutes enter the human rights uproar , " the Kayhan daily newspaper referred Saturday to Carla Bruni-Sarkozy as a "  prostitute " after she released an open letter in support of Sakineh Ashtiani , 43 , a mother of two whose case has drawn international attention . Kayhan , a newspaper headed by a representative of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , reiterated those statements Tuesday , writing that , "  this woman with a bad history supports an Iranian woman who has committed adultery during marriage and is an accomplice to the murder of her husband who is sentenced to death , and in fact she -LSB- Bruni-Sarkozy -RSB- also deserves death . " Iranian officials decried the newspaper 's tirade . "  Insulting the authorities in other countries and using inappropriate words is not approved by the Islamic Republic , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast told reporters Tuesday in response to a question during his weekly briefing , according to the ministry 's website . "  The media can criticize the policies , attitudes and comments of other countries ' officials , they can object to them , we call for them to review their deeds , but we do not think applying insulting and degrading words is the right thing to do . " French Foreign ministry spokesman Bernard Valero said Tuesday that the comments are unacceptable . "  We 're making this message known through normal diplomatic channels . " In her open letter , published on Bruni-Sarkozy 's website , the former model said , "  Condemned to be buried alive , and then stoned to death ! Your beautiful face , reduced to a pulp ! Your eyes full of sorrow and dignity , your forehead , your mind , your soul , transformed into a target for the stone throwers , exploded , pulverized , in shreds ! Horror and consternation ! " She added , "  Your judges must know , Sakineh , your name has become a symbol the world over . Let us hope they may understand that , no matter what the time or the place , they shall never be able to wash their hands of such a crime . " Bruni-Sarkozy said she is proud to live in a country that has abolished the death penalty , adding that she was praying that Iran would find a way to show clemency in her case . "  In France , schoolchildren learn that mercy is the greatest virtue of those who govern , " she said . "  In the depths of your cell , know that my husband will plead your cause unfailingly and that France will not abandon you . " France has asked the European Union to come up with new approaches to get Iran to stop the pending execution . Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner raised the issue last week with EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , asking that measures be studied to stop Iran from violating human rights . "  We need to encourage the Union in initiatives to remind Iranian authorities that , as well on the nuclear file , their attitude of isolation has a price , which they can liberate as soon as they choose a more responsible behavior and more in line with their international commitments on the subject of human rights , " Kouchner said in a letter to Ashton published in the French press .	NEW : Iranian newspaper reiterates its derogatory remarks about French first lady NEW : Insult prompts Iranian foreign ministry to warn news media Paper says Carla Bruni-Sarkozy should be executed for defending woman in stoning case
Abu Dhabi  CNN  -- The last four years of economic sanctions by the U.S. , the European Union and other western partners have ground down the Iranian economy . At this time last year , the Iranian rial had plummeted 80 % from its peak , inflation had shot up , poultry and bread were in short supply and there were numerous reports of layoffs in the state manufacturing sector . But the most glaring example of the pain exerted has to be in the energy sector . READ MORE : Rouhani -- Nuclear weapons have no place in Iran 's security Iran 's oil output has plummeted to the lowest level since 1992 , to just 2.6 million barrels a day this summer . According to BP 's Statistical Review of World Energy , production peaked out at 4.39 million barrels before sanctions in 2007 . That lost export production is currently costing Iran $ 58 billion a year , based on conservative pricing of $ 95 a barrel . It 's incentive enough to get back to the bargaining table . The industry is salivating at the potential return of Iran to the energy market , although there is a great deal of diplomatic ground to cover . Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has opened the door to compromise and U.S. President Barack Obama is open to breaking a 30-year impasse , but it is just the beginning . We often hear that it will take years for Iran 's energy sector to recover , but getting back to pre-sanctions levels may be easier than most people believe . READ MORE : China set to pass U.S. as top oil importer "  This is a thirty day proposition , to get back to where they were before the sanctions , " Fereidun Fesharaki , the Chairman of FACTS Global Energy told me . "  Now if you want to get higher volumes then it takes many , many years to build up the capacity . " Not only is Rouhani speaking in moderate tones , but he has placed a like-minded individual at the ministry of energy . Bijan Zanganeh was oil minister from 1997-2005 , what many refer to as Iran 's "  golden era " of production . Major contracts were signed with French energy giant Total , Anglo-Dutch group Royal Dutch Shell , Norway 's Statoil and Gazprom of Russia . Little has happened since . READ MORE : Threat of military strike sends ripples through oil industry The potential is clearly there . Iran sits on 9.4 % of proven global oil reserves , putting it in the top five worldwide . The outlook is more promising for natural gas , with 18 % of global reserves , placing Iran number one , according to BP 's annual survey . Iraq 's Deputy Prime Minister of Energy , Hussain al-Shahristani , told me he hoped diplomacy will take its course . He said world energy markets should count on a slight easing of sanctions over time , which he doubts will impact the price of crude in 2014 . But one can see a perfect storm brewing , with some major factors converging over the next 12 months . Oil kingpin Saudi Arabia is building capacity to pump 12.5 million barrels a day . Iraq is aiming to go from 3.5 million by the end of this year to 9 million by 2020 . The U.S. , according to the International Energy Agency , will be level-peg with Saudi Arabia by the end of the decade as well . This is why producers here in the Middle East may not be jumping for joy if Iran mounts a surprisingly quick return the markets in 2014 . READ MORE : From hope to despair : Egypt slides into economic collapse "  Nobody wants Iranian oil back on the market , " said energy consultant Fesharaki . "  If they came in today , the immediate reaction is the Saudis either have to cut back production or the price of oil must fall . It 's not possible to just continue business as usual . " In early 2012 Saudi Arabia 's energy minister Ali al Naimi told me the Kingdom wanted to defend $ 100 a barrel , and it has been able to do so . As a result , OPEC producers have been swimming in surpluses , making $ 1.25 trillion in 2012 . READ MORE : Where Keystone 's oil will go If Iran 's nuclear development plan can be agreed within the IAEA -- a very big if at this juncture -- it would lower the tenor of anxiety in the region . Oil strategists say it would also begin reducing the current risk premium , which has kept the benchmark crude North Sea Brent above the century mark for a record three years in a row .	Economic sanctions have ground down the Iranian economy and hit the energy sector The country has huge potential and president Rouhani has opened the door to compromise The global markets are salivating at the idea of Iran boosting its oil exports But a return will cause significant upheaval , and not all will welcome it
Departures.com  -- Sumptuous restaurant meals are one of the decadent pleasures of traveling . But there are times -- say , after a long day of exploring or business meetings -- when the idea of eating dinner in a bathrobe seems equally compelling . Happily , now that many of the world 's top hotels offer five-star room service , there 's no need to sacrifice haute cuisine for comfort . Once considered the last resort of weary business travelers  and the subject of Marx Brothers ' comedy  , room-service dining has finally come into its own . Gone are the days when hotel guests could expect only defrosted seafood and soggy breakfast pastries on their trays ; now , sophisticated dishes made with artisanal ingredients are making their way upstairs . Some are even whipped up by superstar chefs ; at New York City 's Chambers Hotel , for instance , guests can order sublime French-Asian dishes from Má Pêche , the ground-floor restaurant run by David Chang  of Momofuku fame  . Among the many other room-service treats you wo n't need to lift a finger to enjoy  unless that finger is helping to hold a fork  are lunchtime specialties like Wagyu-pastrami sandwiches  at the Little Nell in Aspen  and custom-mixed cocktails  at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel  . The delivery is as memorable as the food at Twin Farms in Vermont , where servers light candles , uncork wine and dim the lights for a private romantic dinner . The pièce de résistance , though , may well be at Le Taha'a , a French Polynesian getaway , where ukulele-strumming canoeists deliver breakfast to guests ' overwater bungalows . Restaurateurs , beware ... eating in is the new eating out . Departures.com : Wonderful hotel libraries Chambers Hotel  New York , New York Known for its in-house art collection  more than 500 works are displayed in the guest rooms and common areas  , the Chambers is similarly famous for the culinary artistry whipped up by its resident chef , David Chang . Má Pêche , on the ground floor of the hotel , is the only midtown outpost of Chang 's Manhattan restaurant empire . Order a plate of steamed buns -- filled either with lobster ; maitake mushrooms and chicarrón  pork rinds  ; or black-bass tartare and gooseberries -- and you 'll understand why Chang 's wizardry has won multiple James Beard awards in recent years . Rooms , from $ 325 ; 212-974-5656 ; chambershotel.com . Waldorf Astoria Chicago  Chicago , Illinois Set in Chicago 's historic Gold Coast neighborhood , the Waldorf Astoria , designed by renowned local architect Lucien Lagrange , is one of the city 's most sophisticated lodgings . Every guest room here has a proper dining-room table , where staffers arrange flowers , pull out chairs and serve in-room meals on elegant china . The room-service selections from in-house Balsan restaurant include sustainably sourced Alaskan king crab legs , poached lobster on the half shell and platters of house-made charcuterie and artisanal cheeses . Rooms , from $ 395 ; 312-646-1300 ; wachicago.com . Departures.com : World 's top walking cities Hastings House  British Columbia , Canada Set on an island just west of Vancouver , this seaside country resort has suites with private balconies overlooking Ganges Harbour . The view makes a perfect backdrop for an alfresco dinner ; among the ever-changing menu items offered by the hotel 's chef , Marcel Kauer , is Champagne-poached British Columbia halibut with green peppercorn and spinach risotto . Rooms , from $ 295 ; 800-661-9255 ; hastingshouse.com . Departures.com : Spectacular hotel fireplaces Le Taha'a island resort and spa  Taha'a , French Polynesia Like most of French Polynesia 's luxury resorts , Le Taha'a occupies a private islet  or motu  , where most guests stay in individual overwater bungalows . As if waking up each morning surrounded by the turquoise water of Taha'a Lagoon were n't stunning enough , having your breakfast pancakes and tropical fruit delivered to your private deck -- by a strumming ukulele player in a canoe -- is sheer heaven . Rooms , from $ 850 ; 689/507 -601 ; letahaa.com . Departures.com : Europe 's best medical spas Liberty Hotel  Boston , Massachusetts Though originally built in 1851 as a prison , this stately building  converted to a hotel in 2007  is now a place where guests feel grateful to do time . In particular , they 're appreciative of the Liberty 's sleek guest rooms , many with sweeping views of downtown Boston and the Charles River . They 're a lovely setting for enjoying in-house chef Lydia Shire 's New England -- style dishes , like crab-cake eggs Benedict , lobster-topped pizza or sumptuous Boston cream cake for dessert . Rooms , from $ 199 ; 617-224-4000 ; libertyhotel.com . The Little Nell  Aspen , Colorado Sure , the in-room dining at this boutique Rocky Mountain retreat is decadent  how about a pre-ski breakfast of lemon-ricotta soufflé pancakes with homemade raspberry syrup ?  . But for get-up-and-go types , who like to partake in hotel activities like horseback riding and mountaintop yoga , the folks at Little Nell go the extra mile : Their kitchen staff will pack a gourmet picnic lunch to take along , with options like local Wagyu pastrami on rye or faro salad with nuts and pomegranates . Rooms , from $ 265 ; 888-843-6355 ; thelittlenell.com . Departures.com : More amazing hotel room service Got a tip for amazing in-room eats ? Share your recommendations in the comments section below . © 2010 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	New York 's Chambers Hotel offers in-room cuisine from superstar chef David Chang At Le Taha'a resort in French Polynesia , breakfast is likely to arrive by canoe Guests can enjoy chef Lydia Shire 's New England style dishes at Liberty Hotel in Boston
CNN  -- Chris Brown 's nightmare cross-country trip to face trial in Washington ended Monday five days after it began in Los Angeles . The singer 's "  Con Air " flight landed in the D.C. area , and he was escorted by U.S. marshals to a local jail where he will be locked up until his assault trial later this month , according to a Marshals Service spokesman . He had been chained at his ankles , waist and arms much of the time since marshals took him into custody from the Los Angeles County sheriff last Wednesday . Brown 's lawyer failed to convince a judge at a hearing Monday that his assault charge in Washington should be dropped because of prosecutors ' misconduct . Judge Patricia Wynn rejected the argument by Mark Geragos that the U.S. attorneys abused the grand jury process in preparation for Brown 's trial . The singer and his bodyguard , Christopher Hollosy , are charged with hitting a man on a sidewalk just blocks from the White House in October . But Wynn did grant Geragos ' request to hold separate trials for Brown and Hollosy . The bodyguard 's case will be tried first on April 17 , with Brown 's trial to follow on April 21 , Geragos said . The would permit Hollosy to testify for Brown , he said . Although the charge is a misdemeanor and is unlikely to carry jail time for Brown if he is convicted , the arrest has put him behind bars because of his probation for an attack on ex-girlfriend Rihanna five years ago . Brown , 24 , did not attend a hearing Monday in a Washington courtroom because he was still on his way to the nation 's capital through the Justice Department 's prison transport system . Planes , chains and automobiles : Chris Brown 's miserable trip to trial Even if Brown is acquitted , he could still have to return to Los Angeles the same way he got there -- in custody . Geragos could be expected to ask the Los Angeles judge to let Brown return to California on his own in that case . It 's the difference between flying five hours in first class or spending five days in chains with federal prisoners as seat mates and marshals as flight attendants . He was ordered to jail after he was booted from a court-ordered rehab program last month , complicating his travel arrangements for the assault trial . A Los Angeles judge refused to release him to travel on his own because his California probation had been revoked as a result of his arrest in Washington . U.S. marshals picked Brown up in Los Angeles on Wednesday for the start of the trip to Washington . Con Air -- the nickname for the federal government 's Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System -- involves heavily guarded passenger planes that hopscotch the country , picking up and dropping off prisoners . Brown 's legal troubles began five years ago when he beat Rihanna as the two were in a rented Lamborghini on a Hollywood street . He pleaded guilty to felony assault in June 2009 , which resulted in a sentence of five years of probation and 1,400 hours of community "  labor-oriented service . " The judge has revoked Brown 's probation twice in the past year , most recently because of his Washington arrest . Brown voluntarily entered a rehab program a day after being released from a Washington jail in October , but he was kicked out a few days later for "  throwing a rock through his mother 's car window " after a family session at the center , a probation report said . Brown was upset because his mother said she wanted him to stay in treatment , the report said . Brown proceeded "  to walk outside and pick up a rock and threw it through his mother 's car window and it shattered , " according to a letter from the rehab center included in the probation report . His probation was revoked in November , but the judge allowed him to stay out of jail by entering a 90-day anger management and drug rehab program . Although he completed that program last month , the judge ordered him to remain a resident at the Malibu , California , treatment facility until another hearing April 23 . Brown 's probation officer reported at a February hearing that the singer "  continues to make great improvement " in dealing with anger , stress and drugs , but the judge decided he could not go free until after his trial for an assault charge in Washington on April 17 . If he is convicted in that case , the judge would decide at an April 23 hearing whether Brown should complete his probation in jail . He was sent to jail March 14 after he was kicked out of the second rehab program for rules violations . The judge said he was concerned about a "  provocative " statement that counselors said Brown wrote on a card at the Malibu rehab center . "  I am good at using guns and knives , " according to a document read in court . The rehab program told Brown to leave because of that statement and two other rules violations , the document said . Brown refused a drug test -- which his lawyer denied -- and he touched elbows with a female patient , according to the document . Brown had been working on a highway cleanup labor crew in Los Angeles three days a week to fulfill the 750 hours of service remaining in his probation requirements , his probation report said . At that rate , Brown could complete the labor in mid-October and possibly be free from probation requirements by the end of the year . With his community labor work now on hold , his probation is expected to extend into 2015 . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	NEW : Chris Brown and a bodyguard will be tried separately starting on April 17 NEW : The singer 's five-day journey to Washington via Con Air ended Monday Brown and Christopher Hollosy are charged with assaulting a man on a D.C. sidewalk The singer has been jailed since being booted from rehab last month
CNN  -- A former Catholic bishop in Norway has admitted sexually abusing a minor 20 years ago , a spokesman for the Norwegian Catholic Church said Wednesday . Bishop Georg Mueller admitted to having sexually abused an altar boy but said there were no other victims , said church spokesman Andreas Dingstad . Mueller , 58 , became a priest in 1978 and served as bishop of Trondheim , Norway , from 1997 to 2009 . The abuse is said to have happened more than 20 years ago , when Mueller was a priest in Trondheim , Dingstad said . Allegations of sexual abuse by Catholic priests have spread across Europe , surfacing in countries including the Netherlands , France , Mexico , Italy , Ireland , the United States , Austria and Germany , home country of Pope Benedict XVI . Some have been critical of Catholic leaders including the pope , saying little action had been taken when he was a top Vatican official . Waves of victims have come forward , claiming they were victims of abuse by religious leaders and saying the church did little or nothing to stop it . In a rare move , a senior cardinal spoke Sunday before the pope 's Easter Mass at the Vatican , saying the pontiff maintains the support of Catholics around the world "  who do not let themselves be influenced by the gossip . " Cardinal Angelo Sodano , former Vatican secretary of state and dean of the College of Cardinals , did not specifically mention the sexual abuse scandal , but his remarks clearly referred to criticism leveled at church leaders . The pope did not address the scandal in his Easter message . In a letter last month , he said he was "  truly sorry " for the abuse suffered by victims at the hands of Catholic priests in Ireland .	Georg Mueller was bishop of Trondheim from 1997 to 2009 Mueller says he abused an altar boy while a priest in the city 20 years ago Allegations of sexual abuse by Catholic priests have spread across Europe Pope said last month he was "  truly sorry " for abuse suffered by victims in Ireland
CNN  -- Barbara Walters is n't fully retiring , but "  The View " has still given the veteran journalist a send-off to remember . On Friday 's show , Oprah Winfrey , Hillary Clinton and Michael Douglas made surprise appearances as they all joined the current "  View " co-hosts in wishing Walters well as she leaves on-camera work behind . "  I want to start by saying I ca n't believe this day has come and I ca n't believe it 's for real , " Clinton told Walters . "  Because I do n't know what we 're all going to do without seeing you go from one place to another , asking questions that we 'd all like to ask . " True to form , Walters snuck in a few more of those questions Friday , asking Clinton whether she 'll run for president . "  Well , I am running ... around the park , " Clinton quipped . And when it came to Michael Douglas , who swore that Walters gives the best parties , the 84-year-old journalist could n't help but inquire about the actor 's relationship with wife Catherine Zeta-Jones , which hit a rough patch last summer .  These days , Douglas said , "  Catherine and I are wonderful . " With that much curiosity still evidently brimming , why is Walters leaving ? Well , keep in mind that she 's not leaving TV in general . She 'll still serve as executive producer of "  The View , " and will make special appearances for ABC News when needed . It 's just that , as Walters said when she announced her retirement in May 2013 , she has no interest in appearing on another TV program . CNNMoney : Barbara Walters is retiring but not going away Walters began her national broadcast career in 1961 as a reporter , writer and panel member for NBC 's "  Today " show before being promoted to co-host in 1974 . By 1976 , ABC had snatched her up for its own news programs . At that network , Walters launched "  The Barbara Walters Specials " and "  10 Most Fascinating People " before becoming a co-host and correspondent for ABC News ' "  20/20 " in 1984 . Along the way , she 's interviewed every U.S. president and first lady since Richard and Pat Nixon . Looking upon the numerous women who had looked up to her throughout her career , Walters said they were her legacy . "  How do you say goodbye to something like 50 years in television ? " she said in conclusion . "  How proud when I see all the young women who are making and reporting the news . If I did anything to help make that happen , that is my legacy . From the bottom of my heart , to all of you with whom I have worked and who have watched and been by my side , I can say : ` Thank you . ' " Ironically , one of the best-informed women in news had no idea what to expect for her farewell taping . "  Nobody told me what was going to happen today , so I could n't plan for it , " Walters told HLN 's A.J. Hammer after the taping . "  Nobody told me that Hillary Clinton was going to show up . That line of women who said that maybe I inspired or influenced them ? Nobody told me about that . Nobody told me that Oprah was going to come in ! It was all just a wonderful surprise . " Still soaking it in , Walters reflected , "  I have to remember  all of this  on days that are not so great . I have to remember these women . I have to remember today . " CNN affiliate WGNO : Fan gets Barbara Walters tattoo CNN 's Dana Ford and Alan Duke contributed to this report .	On Friday , "  The View " aired Barbara Walters ' last episode as co-host Oprah Winfrey , Hillary Clinton and Michael Douglas came to say goodbye TV news personalities who were influenced by her work were there as well Walters : The final episode was "  a wonderful surprise "
CNN  -- Two teenagers accused in a random "  thrill kill " that left a 23-year-old college athlete from Australia dead pleaded not guilty Thursday to first-degree murder charges , an Oklahoma district attorney said . Chancey Allen Luna , 16 , and Michael Dewayne Jones , 18 , entered the pleas at their arraignment Thursday inside of a Stephens County courthouse , said Jason Hicks , the district attorney serving that area . Hicks could n't offer more details of what transpired inside the courtroom or the case because of a gag order . Among those in attendance was Sarah Harper , the girlfriend of the victim , Christopher Lane . Police say the teenagers shot Lane -- who was attending East Central University on a baseball scholarship -- last August as he was jogging in Duncan , a town of about 23,000 people located some 80 miles southwest of Oklahoma City . Luna , Jones and a third teenager -- James Francis Edwards , Jr. -- saw Lane passing by and shot him because "  they had nothing to do , " according to authorities . As the teenagers sped away , Duncan police Chief Danny Ford told CNN affiliate KSWO that "  there were some people that saw  Lane  stagger across the road , go to a kneeling position and collapse on the side of the road . " When police arrested the teens , one of them offered a motive that made clear that Lane was chosen at random . "  He said the motive was , ` We were going to kill somebody , ' " Ford told Australian radio station 3AW . Police : Australian baseball player killed -- just because After their arrest , all three alleged assailants were charged as adults , according to Kaylee Chandler , the Stephens County Court Clerk . The shooting shook many around the college town like Sam Malchar , who called his classmate and teammate Lane "  a charming guy , genuinely good person , with great character and ... a love for life . " It also reverberated some 10,000 miles away in Lane 's native Australia , from which some called for a U.S. tourism boycott . Former Australian Deputy Prime Minister Tim Fischer characterized the slaying as "  another example of murder mayhem on Main Street . " A judge on Thursday set Luna and Jones ' trial date for August 18 , which is when a jury term starts . The other implicated teen , Edwards , is scheduled to be in court for a preliminary hearing on May 13 . Edwards ' older sister , Rachel Padilla , told CNN last summer that her brother had been in trouble with police before for fighting , but was not a vicious person , and she never thought he might kill someone . Suspect in killing tweeted : ` time to start taken life 's ' CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Christopher Lane was attending an Oklahoma university on a baseball scholarship The Australian was shot -- randomly , police say -- while out jogging last August His killing spurred sadness and anger , with some Australians calling for a U.S. tourism boycott 2 teenagers enter not guilty pleas on murder charges , district attorney says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- There are rock stars , and then there are Rock Stars . Eddie Van Halen is a Rock Star . Eddie Van Halen wanted to create a guitar that was practically indestructible -- at least by him . Take an incident in the summer of 2007 . A security guard stopped me as I attempted to drive through the gates of Center Staging , a rehearsal studio across the street from Burbank Airport . "  That 's odd , " I thought . "  They 've never had security before . I wonder what 's going on ? " Pretty soon , I discovered the reason for the limited access . A black BMW convertible drove up , and a baby-faced teenager jumped out of the driver 's seat . The passenger door opened , and out walked Eddie Van Halen . Everyone stopped talking and stared , including Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals , who were outside taking a break from their own rehearsal . Van Halen and the other members of the band had just announced a big reunion tour with original singer David Lee Roth at a splashy news conference in Beverly Hills , and I had inadvertently discovered where they were prepping for their journey . Eddie and his son Wolfgang -- named for Mozart -- greeted a couple of people in the parking lot and quickly disappeared inside the soundstage . Moments later , the earth trembled as the loudest guitar I 've ever heard in my life was fired up . It was like a sonic boom -- only the sound was n't coming from the airport . It was coming from inside the soundstage . The legendary guitarist launched into the familiar intro to Van Halen 's 1978 hit , "  Ai n't Talkin ' ` Bout Love . " That was followed by "  Runnin ' With the Devil . " Joss Stone ran out of her own rehearsal studio -- barefoot -- and begged a security guard for entry . She was turned away . Months later , I would catch Van Halen , the band , during their triumphant hometown concert in Los Angeles . Little did I know that during that tour , Eddie had been road-testing a series of prototype guitars he was designing with Fender . The instrument was called "  the Wolfgang , " after his son , who 's Van Halen 's current bass player . Watch Van Halen show off his new axe " After years of wearing down metal frets and having pieces of his guitar rip off or malfunction during shows , Van Halen says he 's built a guitar that even he ca n't destroy . On the Wolfgang , frets are fashioned of stainless steel , and metal gadgets are custom-made by a company that specializes in medical tools . Sections of wood are left unpainted so the instrument can breathe and age -- "  like a Stradivarius , " the 54-year-old musician explains with a degree of pride . We recently caught up with Eddie at his 5150 Studio , high in the hills above Los Angeles . It 's where the album "  1984 " was recorded , along with every subsequent Van Halen record . The studio sits on seven acres , just a stone 's throw from the Tudor mansion he bought in 1980 . He and his fiancee/publicist , Janie Liszewski , scoot around the property in golf carts . The red , white and black-striped motif of his signature Van Halen guitar is painted on the walkway . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : You 've been tearing guitars apart and redesigning them all your life , have n't you ? Eddie Van Halen : It kind of started when I went to a Radio Shack-type of store in Pasadena . They had a 12-string guitar hanging there , and I did n't want 12 -- I wanted six . And so I asked the guy , "  Could I take six strings off and try it ? " And the guy said , "  No , not unless you buy it . " So I borrowed the money from my parents , bought it , took six strings off and voila -- did what I wanted . The guitar -- it 's on the first album cover . It 's called Frankenstein . I 'm always tinkering with stuff . And basically , the new Wolfgang is a combination of all the years of tearing things apart , ruining things , creating things and coming up with things that I later found out I could patent . CNN : How many guitars have you accidentally broken on stage ? Van Halen : On stage ?  He shrugs .  During the last show , I actually tried to break a Wolfgang , and it would n't break . I picked it up and I could n't break the damn thing . I threw it up in the air , and later put it out in the rain . I picked it up half an hour later , and it was still in tune . It pissed me off . CNN : The Wolfgang sells for about $ 3,000 . Are you worried about introducing a high-end guitar when the economy is taking such a hit ? Van Halen : I just do n't think that way . I 'm really not a businessman , so to speak . The only reason I do it is because people are always asking me where they can get what I use . CNN : Who are some of the musicians who have asked ? Van Halen : Everybody uses my stuff . They just do n't like talking about it . CNN : I 'm told you can hear things that most people ca n't with the naked ear . Van Halen : I have selective hearing .  Laughs CNN : I think a lot of men do ! Van Halen : Obviously , I 've lost a little bit , at very high frequencies -- which is kind of like a woman screaming at ya . CNN : "  Ed , did you take the trash out ? " "  Can you wipe the dishes ? " Are you hearing anything ? Van Halen : What was that ?  Laughs  I do n't know . I 'm blessed with a good pair of ears . That 's how I fooled my piano teacher . I 'd watch his fingers and I 'd listen to it , and I just kind of basically learned it by myself . I ca n't read music . Instead , I 'd do stuff inside the piano , do harmonics and all kinds of crazy things . They used to put me in these annual piano contests down at Long Beach City College , and two years in a row , I won first prize -- out of like 5,000 kids ! The judges were like , "  Very interesting interpretation ! " I thought I was playing it right . But everything is open to interpretation . Imagine if Beethoven had a tape recorder . Then you 'd know exactly what he meant . Maybe he meant  singing the opening notes to the Fifth Symphony  , "  Da da da da " instead of "  Boom boom boom boom ! " Who knows . CNN : Did you ever take formal guitar lessons ? Van Halen : No . That 's why I do all this crazy stuff . It 's not taught . CNN : Do you think you 'd approach music differently if you had taken guitar lessons ? Van Halen : Probably . But you only have 12 notes . Do what you want with them . CNN : What kind of music do you listen to when you 're at home ? Van Halen : I do n't listen to anything , really . Believe it or not , I 'm so slammed with ideas , and the man upstairs overloads me with stuff , so I 'm always doing my own thing . CNN : How was it having Wolfie on the road with you on the last tour ? He was 16 when he took over as Van Halen 's bass player in 2007 . Van Halen : It was a dream ! That kid is truly amazing . I did name him after the right guy .  Laughs CNN : He 's still in high school . Did he have a tutor on the road ? Van Halen : Yeah , he had four hours of school and then a gig at night . He worked three times harder than any of us . CNN : How was it touring with David Lee Roth after all these years ? Van Halen : It was great . CNN : No smackdowns ? Van Halen : No , no . Everything went great . It went smooth . CNN : Is there going to be another Van Halen tour ? Van Halen : Oh , I know so . I mean , we 're a band ! That was n't just a one-off thing . It 's officially a band . And Wolfgang Van Halen is the bass player . Janie and I are getting married in June , and my son 's going to graduate , and we 'll pick it up after that . Obviously , I hope we record some new stuff . I 'm writing , and just doing the same thing I always do . CNN : Is Wolfie going to be in the wedding ? Van Halen : He 's going to be my best man . My brother 's marrying us . CNN : Oh , that 's right ! Alex  the drummer in Van Halen  is an ordained minister . Van Halen : Yeah . Reverend Al !  Laughs  We 're going to do it right here in the backyard . Small , intimate wedding . ... We 'll get a string quartet for part of it and a DJ for afterwards , although I 'm not much of a dancer . CNN : Sounds like a very traditional , non-rock star-type of wedding . So many people can pick out an Eddie Van Halen guitar solo , but not a lot of people know who you are as a human being . Van Halen : I just consider myself slightly left-of-center . I 'm not your average bear . I -- what 's the word ? I 'm not -- normal .  Laughs  I sound like Michael Jackson . I 'm not like other guys . CNN : You hate interviews , do n't you ? Van Halen : Well , believe it or not , I really do n't have much to say -- 'cause the equipment speaks for itself . And so does the music . CNN : If I play your new Wolfgang guitar , will I sound like you ? Van Halen : Why would you want to sound like anyone else ? Get your own guitar . They 're available !	Eddie Van Halen 's newly designed guitar is the Wolfgang Famed guitarist says band will tour again , with son reprising bassist role Van Halen due to be married soon Reticent guitar player : "  The equipment speaks for itself "
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved a breakthrough drug Friday to treat chronic hepatitis C virus infection . Sovaldi  sofosbuvir  is the first drug that has been shown to safely and effectively treat certain types of hepatitis C infection without a need for interferon , the FDA said . Hepatitis C is a viral disease that causes inflammation of the liver , which can lead to diminished liver function or liver failure . About 3.2 million Americans are infected with hepatitis C , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Sovaldi is the second drug that the FDA has approved in the past two weeks to treat chronic hepatitis C virus infection . Olysio  simeprevir  was approved on November 22 . Dr. John Ward , director of the Division of Viral Hepatitis at the CDC , in a statement called this a "  landmark advance in the treatment of hepatitis C , opening up new opportunities to stop the spread of this virus and the ravages of this disease . " But new therapies only work if people actually receive treatment , he added . "  The potential of these and other treatment advances hinges entirely on our ability to get more people screened and into care , " he said . "  Right now , most Americans with hepatitis C do n't access treatment because they have no idea they 're infected . " Chronic hepatitis C infection can lead to long-term health problems and even death , according to the CDC . The virus is spread primarily when individuals have contact with the blood of someone who is infected . Sharing needles or equipment to inject drugs is how most people who become infected acquire the disease . The disease can also be spread through sexual contact , but the risk is believed to be low , according to the CDC . Sharing personal items such as razors or toothbrushes , which may have had contact with the blood of someone who is infected , is another less common risk . It may take several years for symptoms to become apparent to individuals infected with hepatitis C. Most people with the disease have no symptoms until liver damage becomes apparent . Symptoms may include fever , fatigue , loss of appetite , vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , dark urine , clay-colored bowel movements , joint pain and jaundice , according to the CDC . The disease is the most common cause of cirrhosis and liver cancer , and the leading reason for liver transplantation in the country , according to the CDC . Hepatitis C causes about 15,000 deaths each year in the United States . The CDC urges all U.S. baby boomers , and others at risk , to get tested for hepatitis C. "  Widespread screening , together with new cures , promises to slash the burden of hepatitis C in this country and save thousands of lives , " Ward said .	Sovaldi has been approved to treat chronic hepatitis C About 3.2 million Americans are infected with the disease Hepatitis C is the leading reason for liver transplantation in the U.S.
In her race to defeat Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell , Alison Lundergan Grimes has barnstormed Kentucky , talking up her support for raising the minimum wage and criticizing the GOP 's so-called war on women . But the restaurant owned by Grimes ' family does n't always practice what she preaches , and Kentucky Republicans have been happy to point that out . On the campaign trail , Grimes said recently , "  I 'm fighting for all Kentuckians , all working Americans across this nation . I do n't believe $ 7.25 an hour raises a family of four above the poverty level . " But documents and interviews with employees reveal that , like many restaurants , her family 's burger joint pays some tipped staffers minimum wage . We caught up with Grimes in Kentucky and asked how she can advocate for raising the minimum wage , when that 's all her family 's restaurant pays some workers . "  Listen , my family is not in this race . I 'm on the ballot . And as much as Mitch McConnell wants to attack my family , he has from the beginning , I 'm going to stay focused on the issues , " she told CNN . "  And for me , it 's about making sure that hard working Kentuckians have a bright future . And that future includes having not just a minimum wage , but a living wage . " Of course , servers can often make more than minimum wage after tips . And while Grimes does n't own the restaurant , she did do legal work for the business , signing incorporation documents and representing it in a lawsuit . But minimum wage is n't the only issue dogging Grimes ' family business . Hugh Jass Burgers -- say it out loud to get the joke -- has menu items like "  Charlotte 's Rack , sure to be voted biggest rack " named after Grimes ' mom and "  Abby 's Hugh Jass , " a burger named after her sister . They also sell souvenirs like an apron with "  Check Out My Buns " emblazoned across it . The restaurant 's approach has raised eyebrows , especially since Grimes ' camp accused the GOP of sexism . "  I am the Kentucky woman who my Republican colleagues in this state so gentlemanly refer to as an empty dress , " Grimes said . When we tried to ask Grimes about her family 's use of double entendre , she refused to answer , letting her security detail lead her away from reporters .	Alison Lundergan Grimes is campaigning on raising the minimum wage The restaurant owned by her family pays tipped staffers minimum wage Grimes to CNN : "  My family is not in this race "
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Sandiaga Uno is without doubt one of Indonesia 's richest men . With an estimated personal wealth of $ 400 million dollars and assets valued in the billions , the 41-year-old 's climb to the top is an inspiration to many budding entrepreneurs . Yet this father of two , from humble beginnings is not interested in promoting his own story but rather that of his country and its enormous potential . Dressed in a green batik shirt , a patriotic gesture to the rich cultural heritage of Indonesia , the businessman knows how lucky he is . From his high-rise office building in downtown Jakarta , Uno speaks of the sacrifices his parents made to send him to university in the United States . It was there he discovered an interest in business that led him to a job in Canada . But his dream of working overseas came to an abrupt end when the company he was working for collapsed , putting Uno out of a job . He was forced to return home , but the timing could n't have been worse with Asia in economic meltdown from the 1997 financial crisis . Struggling to provide for his family , Uno decided against the odds to set up his own business and with four staff in a tiny office , Saratoga Capital was born . Twelve years later it is one of Indonesia 's largest investment firms employing more than 20,000 people . Uno believes failure is just as important as success and while he admits there were plenty of hard knocks he was confident his gamble would pay off in the long term . "  I knew when Asia came out of the crisis energy would be in high demand . So we started getting serious looking at those opportunities , " he said . And now it is energy that is his primary focus ; investing in coal , oil , gas , toll roads , plantations and shipping ports . Indonesia is going through an enormous economic boom thanks partly to its valuable natural resources . Indonesia 's stock market is outperforming its neighbors and the region . Growth is expected to reach 6 percent this year and an emerging middle class is fueling domestic demand . Despite all this success , Uno believes the country 's wealth is not being evenly distributed . Around 40 million of the country 's 242 million people still live below the poverty line and Uno describes this as a recipe for disaster . "  Basically if we are not careful the rich will get richer and the poor will get poorer and the gap will be the next embryo of the next unrest . So we as businessmen need to make sure the wealth is spread more equally , " he said . Uno is extremely passionate about the future of Indonesia and while he will talk up the country as the next place to invest along side China and India , he 's acutely aware and critical of its pitfalls . He says corruption is the number one problem holding his country back , a view shared by many in the international community . He says to have sustainable growth Indonesia must be attractive to foreign investors . "  I think the government is on the right track in stamping out corruption ; it 's moving in the right direction . But the speed and pace is not satisfactory , I think people want to see more , " he said . Another major problem is infrastructure and for Uno this has become his "  personal crusade " . He says anyone who visits the nation 's capital Jakarta is greeted by a dilapidated international airport followed by gridlocked roads . His companies have $ 20 billion to invest in infrastructure projects . "  The money is there , we just need the government to sort out the land acquisition problem among other things which will require changes in the law and then we can start building the infrastructure Indonesia so desperately needs , " he said . Earlier this year , Uno was invited by U.S. President Barak Obama to attend an Entrepreneur 's Summit in Washington DC . He describes how impressed he was with the U.S. President who spoke to him in Bahasa and believes the leader of the free world knows just how important Indonesia has become . Uno says his wealth brings power -- he regularly has the ear of his president Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono -- but insists it 's not about money or the people you brush shoulders with . His motivation to succeed is much greater than that . "  I see all these paradoxical situations . Indonesia has the 18th largest economy but we 're ranked 122 in the world for ease of doing business . It does n't gel and it really ticks me off . We should do better , " he said . "  We are so rich in resources but we ca n't even produce . For example we produce coca but do n't have chocolate factories . We produce crude palm oil but we do n't have perfume or soap industries . So we 're just exporting our raw materials without being able to process it . I think in the next four to five years Indonesia must be able to generate that expertise . "	Sandiaga Uno is one of Indonesia 's wealthiest businessmen His company Saratoga Capital employs over 20,000 people Uno believes Indonesia has huge potential for growth Poverty gap and corruption threaten the country 's development , Uno says
CNN  -- Americans snicker over the sordid details of Rep. Anthony Weiner 's Internet escapades . But they pity his wife , Huma Abedin . They see an accomplished and beautiful woman betrayed by her husband 's Twitter posts . And she 's pregnant ? The details just get worse and worse . Abedin and other political wives before her have been forced to face the public flogging of their husbands , heightened in this case by the technological evidence that Weiner left behind and by the helpful testimony of his correspondents . Americans love to debate the role of the wronged political wife . What will Hillary Clinton , Jenny Sanford , or Newt Gingrich 's wives  pick one  do ? What should they do ? Actress Julianna Margulies was nominated for an Emmy for her portrayal of "  The Good Wife " on CBS . Will she ever leave her fictional cheating husband ? To which author Laura Munson says , "  Stop . " Stop calling these women victims . Unless there are threats to her physical safety or financial security , only Abedin decides if she is a victim .  And she 's not talking publicly . When her own husband , suffering through a midlife crisis , threatened to break up their marriage to end his pain , Munson chose not to play the victim . Instead she planned a summer of joy for herself and her two kids -- and her husband when he wanted to join them . She gave him six months to work through his crisis . How did she stop herself from pleading with him or simply dumping him just to get it over with ? How did she choose a third way ? Munson , author of the memoir "  This Is Not the Story You Think It Is , " had recently committed to the end of suffering . After years of writing novels that were n't published , the death of her father , and therapy , she decided that she -- not anyone else -- would decide her own happiness . That included her husband . The same philosophy can apply to not-so-famous women facing infidelity or other crises that destroy their dreams and upend their lives . These crises can be opportunities to find your true calling , says Susan Piver , author of "  The Wisdom of a Broken Heart . " If you do n't remember what makes you happy , imagine figuring it out and starting the seeds of a new life .  Again , this advice does n't apply if you are facing threats to your safety . Wait to make big decisions . If you 're not facing financial ruin or the threat of violence , wait at least a few months for the pain and anxiety to settle down . In the fog of pain , people make rash decisions . One of Munson 's friends was so unhappy in her life that she decided she had to get out of her marriage . She did n't realize she did n't really want out until she was gone . You need to figure out what you want . Focus on the present moment . When the crazy thoughts are going through your head about who did what to who , and why did n't you say that perfect comeback line , Piver suggests taking out a piece of paper and writing down five things that you notice are actually happening around you . They 're usually pretty ordinary -- cars driving by , the dog barking , a child playing with dolls . Go a little deeper and notice three things a little more carefully . Write those observations down . That list , part of a group of exercises in her book , is n't ever as crazy as what 's in your head . It can have a calming effect . Create something now . Take charge of your own joy . Munson did n't simply plan a summer of fun for her family . She thought deliberately about what she could do to make herself and her two children happy during their financially strapped summer in their Montana town . It was often as simple as taking three deep breaths or walking down the block . Sometimes she walked to a beautiful place or visited friends who helped keep the focus on herself , instead of trashing the husband . She turned on the sprinklers and watched her kids get soaked . She bought many tomatoes and canned tomato sauce . "  Do something that is positive and nurturing to you , " she says . Give up on the dream . Many people create a storyline or myth for their lives that says they will be powerful when they are pretty or handsome , skinny , married , a parent , or have the "  right " job or salary . "  If you 're only powerful when it goes a certain way , then what happens when you lose your job ? " asks Munson . Do you not matter anymore ? Figure out the myths you tell yourself about your definition of success before you can move on . Look for your truth . Take some quiet time in prayer or meditation to get through other people 's voices , and what the culture says about what your life should be like , to your essential truth . "  The advice for anyone going through a trauma is to allow the sorrow and vision for what you thought life should be to dissolve and see what 's left , " says Piver . "  You have all the knowledge you need to solve your problems inside of you . " Choose your own feelings . It 's incredibly hard to do , but Munson says it 's essential . After all , we only truly believe other people 's mean comments about ourselves when we think they 're true -- that we 're unlovable or fat or nagging or mean-spirited . "  What if someone told you when you were 12 that nobody can make you feel mad , make you cry just by what they say ? " she asks . "  What if we had really understood that no one could make you feel emotionally anything ? " Repeat after me : Those barbs are not necessarily true . Do not play the victim . You are only a victim in an emotional crisis if you choose to be . "  When we get into reaction and escalating the drama , it only hurts us , " says Munson . "  There is a time and place for anger , but I want to powerfully choose those moments -- I do n't want to feel like they 're choosing me . "	Author : Political wives can choose not to be victims when their husbands cheat Laura Munson wrote a book on her own refusal to suffer when husband wanted divorce She says do n't listen to or believe the mean barbs others will toss your way Expert : A crisis can push you toward a true calling and more happiness
CNN  -- The Environmental Protection Agency recently finalized a rule that for the first time requires U.S. coal and oil-fired power plant operators to limit emissions of mercury and other hazardous air pollutants . EPA rules in place under the 1990 Clean Air Act have targeted acid rain and smog-forming chemicals emitting from power plants . But perhaps surprising to many , those rules have never included limits on mercury , a neurotoxin known to damage developing fetuses and children . How this policy affects your health The benefits of this new rule , in terms of dollars saved and death prevented , far outweigh the costs to companies and consumers , according to peer-reviewed EPA studies . U.S. power plants account for only about 1 % of global mercury emissions . Even so , for each dollar spent reducing mercury and hazardous air pollutant emissions under the new rule , the EPA projects up to $ 9 in health benefit savings by preventing an estimated 11,000 premature deaths and 4,700 heart attacks each year . Among children , the new limits are projected to prevent 130,000 cases of asthma and 6,300 cases of acute bronchitis each year , the EPA estimates . "  These standards rank among the three or four most significant environmental achievements in the EPA 's history , " said John Walke , Clean Air director of the National Resources Defense Council , an environmental advocacy group . "  This rule making represents a generational achievement . " Despite federal limits on emissions of mercury from other sources , such as waste incinerators , there have been no limits on coal-fired power plants , which the EPA says constitute the single largest source of mercury emissions . "  As a mom , I 'm especially excited to know that millions of mothers and babies will now be protected from mercury poisoning , " said Mary Anne Hitt , director of Beyond Coal Campaign , a clean energy advocacy group . "  We all teach our kids the simple rule that if you make a mess you should clean it up - and now polluters will have to follow that same rule , " she wrote in an e-mail conversation . "  Mothers around the country who have been worried about mercury pollution causing learning disabilities and other problems for their kids will be able to sleep easier tonight . " Health experts have known for a long time that mercury causes damage to developing fetuses , with long-term effects on the child . Methylmercury , found in fish and shellfish , can harm a child 's thinking , language , fine motor skills , memory , attention , and visual spatial skills when exposed in the womb . One study estimates that for each part per million of mercury found in a mother 's hair -- a common way of testing for mercury exposure -- her child loses approximately 0.18 IQ points . Outbreaks of methylmercury poisoning have resulted in some children being born with severe disabilities , even when their mothers did not show signs of nervous system damage . But adults are at risk for mercury poisoning too ; symptoms can include impairment of vision , speech , hearing and walking . In addition to mercury , the new EPA rule also limits emissions of hazardous air pollutants like arsenic , benzene , chromium , formaldehyde , hydrochloric acid , and nickel . How to protect against mercury exposure Once airborne , mercury enters bodies of water through precipitation , becomes methylmercury , and accumulates in the food chain . The EPA and the Food and Drug Administration recommend that pregnant women and young children limit their consumption of fish and shellfish to two meals a week , because the methylmercury contamination found in fish can cause harm to humans . The EPA and FDA say that some larger predatory fish , such as shark , swordfish , king mackerel , and tilefish , should be avoided entirely by pregnant women and children . Exposure can also occur from breathing in polluted air , for example near incinerators and coal-burning power plants . A lab test using blood or hair samples can determine the amount of methylmercury in the body . What 's the controversy ? The new rule requires that the vast majority of mercury contained in coal be captured and prevented from releasing into the air when burned for energy . It would require operators to shut down or upgrade the most environmentally dangerous power plants . Power plant operators have three years to comply with the new standards , but plant operators may be granted additional time to install the necessary emissions improvement technologies if they are able to demonstrate a valid need . Not everyone supports the new limits , in part because the new rules will increase costs for plant operators who need to make upgrades . The rule has been criticized by industry groups and some Republicans . "  Analyses predict EPA 's rules will force the premature retirement of power plants that are needed to provide affordable , reliable power to consumers and our growing economy , " said Fred Upton , the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee . "  Other plants will require multi-million dollar retrofits that will result in higher electricity bills , " said the Republican congressman from Michigan . The EPA states that its rule is cost-effective and "  ensures electric reliability , " noting that the agency has received more than 900,000 comments from industry and the public to better inform the decision . Amid a divisive political climate and persistent unemployment , the EPA noted in its March 2011 rule proposal that it "  finds that more jobs will be created in the air pollution control technology production field than may be lost as the result of compliance with these proposed rules . " The final EPA rule regulating power plant mercury emissions has been decades in the making . The 1990 version of the Clean Air Act signed into law by President George H.W. Bush directed the EPA to conduct studies to determine whether regulating mercury and other hazardous air pollutants from power plants was "  appropriate and necessary . " In December 2000 , having completed the required studies , the EPA formally announced its intention to regulate mercury emissions from power plants . Then in 2005 , under the administration of President George W. Bush , the EPA reversed its determination that mercury regulations were "  appropriate and necessary , " and removed power plants from the list of sources to be regulated . Instead the Bush-era EPA proposed the "  Clean Air Mercury Rule , " a cap-and-trade system for mercury emissions . Under "  cap and trade , " mercury emissions would not be restricted , but heavy polluters would pay a fee that could be pocketed by companies whose factories or power plants pollute less . In February 2009 , the new EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson announced a return to the 2000 decision to put limits on mercury emissions . The rule proposed on March 2011 was made final in an announcement on December 21 at the Children 's Medical Center in Washington . Altogether , the environmental regulations beginning with the 1970 Clean Air Act have saved millions of American lives , according to the EPA . The reductions in fine particle and ozone pollution emissions mandated under the 1990 Clean Air Act prevented more than 160,000 cases of premature mortality , 130,000 heart attacks , and 1.7 million asthma attacks in just the year 2010 , according to EPA figures .	The new limits are projected to prevent 130,000 cases of asthma , 6,300 cases of bronchitis Methylmercury , found in fish and shellfish , can harm a child 's thinking , language The new EPA rule also limits emissions of hazardous air pollutants like arsenic , benzene
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Julia Lynn Womack Turner , who was convicted in 2007 of murder for the deaths by antifreeze poisoning of her boyfriend and husband , died Monday in prison in Georgia , prison officials said . Turner "  was found unresponsive in her cell at 6:55 a.m. , at which time prison medical staff and EMS responded but were unable to revive her , " the Georgia Department of Corrections said in a statement . The cause of death was under investigation by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation 's medical examiner 's office . Turner was serving life without parole in the Metro State Prison for women in Atlanta . Turner was convicted of murder for the 1995 death of her husband , police officer Glenn Turner , and for the 2001 death of her boyfriend , firefighter Randy Thompson , both of whom were poisoned with antifreeze . Glenn Turner died March 3 , 1995 , from what was initially determined to be an irregular heartbeat . A week later , Turner moved in with Thompson , with whom she had begun an affair several months prior . But it was not until Thompson died in 2001 under similar circumstances that authorities exhumed the body of Glenn Turner and performed another autopsy . In both cases , the men had exhibited flulike symptoms before being taken to the emergency room . They both died less than 24 hours after they left the hospital , from what a coroner initially identified as heart failure . Further examination , however , revealed traces of ethylene glycol , a byproduct of antifreeze , in both of their bodies . Cobb County prosecutors labeled the defendant a "  black widow " who murdered both men for financial gain . After her husband 's death , Turner received more than $ 150,000 in benefits and interest from his life insurance and pension . She received about $ 36,000 from Thompson 's death .	Julia Lynn Turner was convicted in 2007 of murder She poisoned her husband in 1995 and boyfriend in 2001 Both men were found to have died from antifreeze poisoning The Georgia Bureau of Investigation will determine Turner 's cause of death
Pottstown , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Health and safety concerns about Japanese nuclear power plants after this month 's earthquake and tsunami have Lindsey Schiller wondering what could happen across the street from her own house in her Philadelphia suburb . Schiller , who is a registered nurse , has lived for nearly a decade with her husband and two children in the shadow of the Limerick Generating Station nuclear energy facility in Pottstown , about 20 miles northwest of Philadelphia . Since long before the Japanese disaster , Schiller 's unique neighborhood landmark has been the source of family jokes . "  We kid around when we get really big flowers ... we 're under the power plant , and I kid around that I glow , " laughed Schiller as she held her baby Adam in sight of the plant 's giant twin cooling towers . In all seriousness , she said , all the Schillers are happy and healthy . "  We have nothing going on different " from anyone else despite their nuclear neighbors . But Schiller did express concern when she learned that new scientific data show a slightly higher risk that the plant may be damaged during a powerful earthquake , according to a report by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission . "  Should something occur , they would warn us , " Schiller said . "  I kind of figure we 're all in the same boat . " Radiation : What you need to know The power plant has sent information to surrounding residents that shows how to prepare for a nuclear emergency , Schiller said , but she admitted her family has not prepared an at-home emergency kit . "  We would just sort of put them together if we had to evacuate , " Schiller said . The risk of a quake-related nuclear accident , experts say , is comparatively low because the facility is rated to withstand levels of seismic movement that are rare for the region . Based on U.S. Geological Survey seismic data from 1989 , the NRC report estimated the annual risk of quake-related damage to the nuclear core at the Limerick plant to be relatively remote -- once in about 50,000 years . But updated research increased the chances of quake damage slightly . According to the NRC report , 2008 seismic hazard estimates from the USGS indicate the annual risk of damage to the core at about once in 20,000 years . "  The chances of damage are extremely remote , but engineers compare two very remote risks to understand their relative meaning , " said Gregory S. Hardy , a consulting engineer with the NRC and the International Atomic Energy Agency for the firm Simpson Gumpertz & Heger . "  Getting into your car and driving on a freeway poses a risk that everyone realizes could result in a fatal crash , but the chances are so remote that we decide to take that risk . " How close are you to a U.S. nuclear plant ? Limerick operator Exelon released a statement recently expressing confidence that its "  nuclear facilities are equipped with numerous and redundant safety systems designed to protect them against earthquakes , flooding and other natural disasters . " Although Schiller 's concerns about earthquakes have risen after the March 11 disaster , the troubles with Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant are n't directly blamed on the quake , but on the devastating tsunami that followed it . After the 9.0-magnitude quake hit , the tsunami cut off power to systems that cooled nuclear fuel . Virtually landlocked Pennsylvania is not in a danger zone for tsunamis . Pennsylvania State University geoscience professor Dave Bice said a similar quake in this region is very unlikely . "  There 's very , very little earthquake activity here , " he said . "  In some areas , there are lots of very , very small earthquakes , but the energy they release is very , very minimal . " On Wednesday , the NRC announced it would review programs and regulations in light of the Japanese troubles to ensure protection of public health and safety . U.S. nuclear agency launches safety task force As for Schiller , she does n't anticipate an earthquake near her home anytime soon . But if something does happen , she said , "  We 're going to be the first ones to find out . " For some , Limerick 's towering structures provide a reliable directional beacon for Pottstown 's 22,377 residents , as they make their way to the local outlet shopping mall with its Gap and Cole Haan stores and a new Wegmans grocery store not far away . But the towers also remind residents that nuclear power comes with risks that are very different from traditional fossil fuel-burning plants . In a national CNN/Research Corporation poll of Americans who live near nuclear power plants , nearly 60 % said it 's unlikely that a disaster or accident would put their families in immediate danger . In addition , nearly 60 % of poll respondents said they did n't think local emergency services were prepared to handle that kind of situation . See details about the poll The same poll also suggests that most Americans living near nuclear power plants have n't prepared disaster supply kits . Tour a New York nuclear power facility Schiller said she 's generally comfortable with her community 's preparedness . "  All the local schools , they all have evacuation plans and they tell you where your child will be evacuated to . " But public reaction to an emergency is something that gives Schiller pause . "  I honestly would be afraid that there would be some mass panic -- mass exodus -- and the highways and the roads would get pretty congested and blocked , and I think it potentially could be chaotic . " Nukes protected from big disaster costs The Limerick plant , which first went online in 1986 , can keep electricity flowing to more than 2 million homes , its website says . It 's awaiting NRC approval to increase its capacity , and the plant 's owners intend to apply for a 20-year extension to its operating license . In a statement , John Rowe , Exelon chairman and CEO , said his company 's "  plants are safe , particularly given the different seismic patterns in our regions and the absence of tsunami-type events where we have operations . " Congressional supporters of nuclear power , like Sen. Joe Lieberman , I-Connecticut , have expressed interest in slowing down the permitting process for new nuclear power plants in the U.S. until more information is known about the troubles at the Japanese facilities . Nuke lobbyists scramble on Capitol Hill Rowe 's statement said , " ... we watch , we learn , and we will work with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and other policymakers , as well as industry colleagues , on what , if anything , should be done to apply what can be learned from " events in Japan . Far from Capitol Hill , perhaps nowhere is the nuclear reminder taller and more in-your-face than at Schiller 's home , which is dwarfed by Limerick 's twin towers . When she looks out the living room window of her cozy home , they are just a couple of football fields away from her front door . Schiller says she 's not planning any major changes in light of the NRC report and the events in Japan . "  Let 's just say I 'm not gon na pack up and leave tomorrow . "	Pennsylvania mom concerned about a nuclear power plant across the street Agency : Chance of yearly quake core damage upgraded to 1 in 18,868 , vs. 1 in 45,455 before New data also affects other U.S. nuclear power plants ; officials reviewing regulations Owner : Plant is safe ; mom : "  Should something occur , they would warn us "
CNN  -- Thousands of African migrants cram into Rabin Square in Tel Aviv , Israel , calling for a labor strike . Their chants fill the air , summing up their message : "  We need asylum . " Activists estimate more than 50,000 migrants work illegally in low-paying jobs in Israel . Many are fleeing persecution from war-torn areas like Sudan and Eritrea . The threat to their lives pushes them to undertake the dangerous journey via smugglers ' routes to Israel . A vast majority cross the Sinai Peninsula , known for being a hotbed of kidnapping and organ harvesting . Once across the border in Israel , they try to claim asylum . "  All of us are fleeing genocide , fleeing dictatorship regimes . Looking for protection , " says the African Refugee Development Center 's Mutasim Ali , who came to Israel from Darfur . "  A migrant  does n't care where he gets it . We know it 's too difficult to cross the border making our way to Israel , but that 's the only option at the time . " The asylum seekers complain that the Israeli government is n't viewing their goal as legitimate , but rather sees them as migrant workers . "  The Israeli government leaves them in limbo from one side . The Israeli government calls them infiltrators , that they came here for work and that they are all criminals , " says Orit Marom of ASSAF , Aid Organization for Refugees and Asylum Seekers . "  On the other side , they never check their asylum requests . " The Israeli government refers to the asylum seekers as illegal migrants who are in the country to work . They blame them for an increase in crime and say they threaten Israel 's internal security . The government says it is increasing the number of security personnel to combat the crime . They are also giving refugee seekers willing to voluntarily return to their home countries a cash incentive of $ 3,500 . But if that does n't work , then the government says they 'll deport them . "  We are determined to deport the tens of thousands of illegal migrants who are here after having reduced the number of illegal labor migrants who enter Israel 's cities , " said Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu last November during his weekly Cabinet meeting . "  The steps that we unanimously approved today are proportionate and necessary for maintaining the Jewish and democratic character of the state and will restore security to Israel 's citizens while upholding the directives of the High Court of Justice and international law . " Basow Ibrahim gave up being a rebel in Sudan 's Nuba Mountains over a year ago . While fighting the Khartoum government , he said , he realized there was more to life . "  I 'm here because I want to protect myself . I want to save my life , " Ibrahim said . "  I want to finish my education . " Ibrahim 's story is similar to that of many refugee seekers . They say they plan to return home to their families and friends once the threat to their lives is gone . Until that day comes , they say they hope Israel will keep them safe by granting them asylum .	African migrants call for a labor strike in Tel Aviv They ask Israel 's government to grant them asylum The government offers the migrants cash incentives to return home Officials call them illegal migrants and blame them for an increase in crime
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A camp housing a group of Iranian dissidents in Iraq was attacked Saturday , leaving at least two people dead and 27 wounded , a spokesman for the group said . The rocket attack occurred on the outskirts of Baghdad at Camp Hurriya , a former U.S. base known as Camp Liberty , now the home of the Iranian exile group Mujahedin-e-Khalq . There was no immediate claim of responsibility , which the group , also known as the MEK , says damaged a number of the camp 's facilities . Saturday 's incident is the camp 's third rocket attack since February 9 , when eight residents were killed and 100 wounded , according to Shahin Gobadi , a spokesman for the National Council of Resistance of Iran . The United States condemned the attack and called on the Iraqi government to provide immediate medical aid to the victims and ensure the safety of the camp 's residents . "  We 've also called on the government of Iraq to investigate this attack and bring the terrorists responsible to justice , " Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement released Saturday . The MEK fought alongside Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein 's troops during the Iran-Iraq war . Relations between Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's Shiite-dominated government and the MEK have been tense since the 2003 U.S.-led invasion that toppled Hussein and his Sunni government . The group , once considered a terror organization by the United States , was removed from a State Department terror list in September , following a decision by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The MEK moved to Camp Hurriya last year from its longtime home at Camp Ashraf in Diyala province , a temporary measure before members are resettled in third countries . The United States has been working with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees on the resettlement project . CNN 's Tom Dunlavey contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. condemns the attack , calls on Iraq to give immediate medical help and investigate The attack occurred at what was once known as Camp Liberty It is now the home of the Mujahedin-e-Khalq , or MEK , an Iranian exile group Saturday 's attack was the third since February 9 , the group says
TIME.com  -- Pepsi 's latest refresher claims to fend off fat . But is a healthy soda an oxymoron ? "  Pepsi Special , " the new drink distributed by Pepsi 's partner in Japan , Suntory Holdings Limited , contains dextrin , a dietary fiber that dissolves in water and is found in fiber supplements such as Benefiber . Eaten appropriately , in fiber-rich foods such as vegetables and fruits , fiber helps to regulate the digestive system , lower cholesterol and may lower the risk of heart disease . A Suntory news release claims the drink acts by "  suppressing the absorption of fat " and can inhibit the rise in triglycerides after a meal , making it , potentially , the first "  healthy " soda . Because of these purported health benefits , Pepsi Special has received the label "  FOSHU " in Japan , a government designation that stands for "  Food for Specified Health Uses . " A Japanese government website states that "  FOSHU " products are meant to be consumed "  by people who wish to control health conditions , including blood pressure or blood cholesterol . " Spokespeople for Pepsi did not provide more information about the "  low-calorie " drink . TIME : Soda machines will post calorie counts on vending machines As odd as the fiber-packed cola sounds , however , it 's not the first to debut in Japan . Kirin , the Japanese beer company , launched the country 's first "  FOSHU " beverage with dextrin in the spring called Kirin Mets Cola , a sugar-free beverage geared towards "  health conscious " men in their 30s . Is there anything to the dextrin trend ? A 2006 study conducted by researchers from the National Institute of Health and Nutrition in Tokyo found that rats fed both dextrin and fat absorbed less fat than the rats who did not eat the fiber . But that research , alas , was n't extended to people . In fact , too much dextrin could make you sick . "  Studies of humans ingesting dextrin suggest short-term risks including stomach pain , gas , and bloating , " says Lilian Cheung , editorial director of Nutrition Source , the Harvard School of Public Health 's nutrition website . "  The long-term risks have not been studied . " Dr. Walter Willett , chair of nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health , added in an email statement : "  Unless Pepsi can provide data from controlled studies in humans to the contrary , their claim should be regarded as bogus and deceptive . " In fact , Pepsi may face challenges if it decides to bring Pepsi Special to the United States , since the Food and Drug Administration  FDA  tends to frown on such potentially suspect nutrient-boosting of essentially unhealthy products in an attempt to make them healthier . In fact , its regulations specifically discourage such fortifying : "  The Food and Drug Administration does not encourage indiscriminate addition of nutrients to foods , nor does it consider it appropriate to fortify fresh produce ; meat , poultry , or fish products ; sugars ; or snack foods such as candies and carbonated beverages . " "  You should n't add good things to bad things because that could encourage people to eat something that is n't healthy for them , " said Michael Jacobson , Executive Director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest  CSPI  , a food safety and nutrition consumer advocacy group . TIME : Cutting out soda curbs children 's weight gain , studies show In the U.S. , soda companies have been called out for making exaggerated health claims about their sugary drinks . CSPI recently sued 7UP 's parent company Dr Pepper Snapple Group for making specious health claims about its Cherry Antioxidant , Mixed Berry Antioxidant , and Pomegranate Antioxidant varieties , arguing that drinking a soda with a small amount of Vitamin E is not as healthy as consuming antioxidants from fruits , as the company implied .  The company decided to discontinue the line . In 2008 , the FDA sent a letter to Coca-Cola , arguing that the company "  misbranded " its "  Diet Coke Plus " because it did not provide enough nutritional information to justify the word "  plus . " So as appealing as it sounds to down a healthy dose of fiber from a can , health experts say it 's probably best to get your daily allotment from food if you want to truly take advantage of the good things fiber can do . "  I would assume it 's a soda and treat it that way , " Vandana Sheth , a registered dietitian in the Los Angeles area and spokesperson for The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics , says about the beverage . "  Whole grains , vegetables , barley , beans , lentils have significant positive effects like lowering blood glucose , and some of that will make you feel more full . It is also more satisfying to chew and swallow real food rather than to drink a beverage . " TIME : Study shows too much sugar increases heart risks Not to mention that guzzling soda and sugary drinks contributes to health problems like obesity , diabetes , heart disease , and may raise blood pressure as well . "  Adding a fiber to a drink made from caffeine , caramel coloring , phosphoric acid , sugar , and high fructose corn syrup does n't make it healthy , " says Alissa Rumsey , a dietitian at New York Presbyterian Hospital and spokesperson for the New York State Dietetic Association . "  If people think they 're going to lose weight by drinking a beverage like this , then they are more likely to drink more soda and therefore consume even more calories . " Which would simply make any of the purported health benefits fizzle out . This story was originally published on TIME.com Pepsi 's Fat-Fighting Soda : Too Good to Be True ? & copy 2012 TIME , Inc. . TIME is a registered trademark of Time Inc. . Used with permission .	Pepsi 's "  Pepsi Special " contains dietary fibers that help lower cholesterol and digestion Pepsi may run into the FDA , which discourages boosting essentially unhealthy drinks Soda companies have been criticized for making health claims about their drinks
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As airlines slash flights and cut spending in the wake of rising fuel prices , rail travel across Europe is entering into a period of renewal . Eurostar launched services from its new London station , St Pancras International in November 2007 . By 2010 , the continent 's rail operators expect 25 million passengers to be using its high-speed networks , up from around 14 million today . And this staggering growth is expected to spill into the next decade . This week , Network Rail , the owner and operator of Britain 's rail infrastructure , has commissioned a study that could lead to the biggest overhaul of the nation 's rail industry since the 19th century . The study will consider five new intercity lines running north and west of London . New lines , built alongside existing tracks , could accommodate high-speed trains similar to France 's TGV that travels at 186 miles per hour  300 km/h  . If approved , journey times between London and Manchester could be slashed to just over one hour , and two hours between London and Glasgow . The cost of such expansion is large , says a Network Rail spokesperson , but crucial to absorb the nation 's increasing demand for rail travel . Despite complaints over overcrowding and affordability of rail travel in Britain , passenger numbers have soared by 40 percent to 1.13 billion journeys a year in the last decade . And if growth continues as predicted , Network Rail expects many lines to be full by 2025 . The popularity for rail is driven partly by a growing determination among passengers to become more environmentally friendly . A journey on high-speed train Eurostar between London and Paris generates one-tenth of the carbon dioxide produced by an equivalent flight , according to independent research commissioned by Eurostar . Rail 's city-center-to-city-centre service is also becoming an increasingly attractive alternative to flying . Research has shown that business travelers are now willing to travel up to four hours on rail because of the increased productivity versus the airlines . Leisure travelers are prepared to go further , using trains on journeys of up to six hours . If plans for new high-speed routes across Britain are agreed , the earliest construction could begin is 2014 , says Network Rail . But expansion is already underway across the European rail network to handle growing passenger numbers . Britain 's first high-speed rail line was opened by Eurostar last November . This links the new St. Pancras International station in central London with Paris in just 2 hours 15 minutes and Brussels in 1 hour 51 minutes . Last June , TGV Est opened in France , slashing journey times between Paris and Reims to 45 minutes from 90 minutes , and from Paris to Strasbourg in 2 hour 20 minutes instead of 4 hours . This line opens development of a 1,500-km European railway line intended to link Paris and Bratislava via Strasbourg , Stuttgart , Munich and Vienna . Other upcoming high-speed rail routes include the HSL Zuid between Antwerp , Belgium and Amsterdam ; a number of Alta Velocidad Española  AVE  high-speed rail links between Madrid and Spain 's provincial cities ; and a high-speed connection between Spain and Portugal . New high-speed lines are also expected in Italy in early 2011 . And if plans for a rail tunnel under the Strait of Gibraltar from Spain to Morocco are finalized , trains could link Europe and Africa by 2025 . The efficiency of trans-European rail travel will be further boosted following the formation of Railteam , an alliance of high-speed rail operators across western Europe . These include Deutsche Bahn from Germany , SNCF in France , Eurostar as well as operators from Netherlands , Austria , Switzerland and Belgium . At the moment making connections , for example between a Eurostar service from London to Paris and then to a TGV across France or an ICE high-speed train through Germany can be complicated . The new alliance , that works like a code-sharing airline alliance , means travelers can book tickets on a multilingual website to 100 cities , rising to 400 by 2020 . The alliance will also cut waiting time between connections . And frequent business travelers will eventually be able to use a ` train mile ' program across the entire network . Railteam currently does not include operators in Italy and Spain where high-speed networks are less developed . But more train operators are expected to join in the future . What 's more , legislation approved by the European Union last year that requires national rail systems to open up to operators from other countries by 2010 , will further push development of a European network of high-speed rail . As this network develops , and as appeal of air travel falters , riding the rails between Paris and Bratislava , or Birmingham and Brussels may not seem like such a bad idea after all .	European rail travel is having a renaissance boosted by new high-speed links Network Rail will conduct a review into building new rail lines across Great Britain New high-speed links recently opened between UK and Europe and into east France
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Comedian Phyllis Diller , known for her self-deprecating humor , died "  peacefully in her sleep " at her Los Angeles home Monday morning , her manager told CNN . Diller was 95 . Her son , Perry , "  found her with a smile on her face , " manager Milt Suchin said . Diller 's career as a stand-up comic , which she started at age 37 , skyrocketed in the 1960s , partly because of her many appearances with Bob Hope on his television specials , USO tours and three movies . Gilbert Gottfried : Above all else , Diller was hysterical She became a pop culture icon for her disparaging jokes about her looks , her cooking and her fictitious husband "  Fang . " She wore a blonde fright wig , held a long cigarette holder as a prop and laughed with a loud cackle . One line attributed to her demonstrates how Diller got laughs : "  Burt Reynolds once asked me out . I was in his room . " "  She was a true pioneer , " said talent agent Fred Wostbrock . "  She was the first lady of stand-up comedy . She paved the way for everybody . She paved the way for Joan Rivers , Chelsea Handler , Roseanne Barr , Ellen Degeneres , and all the women stand-up comics . She was the first and the best . " EW.com : ` She was a true pioneer ' Joan Rivers posted a tribute to Diller on Twitter . "  The only tragedy is that Phyllis Diller was the last from an era that insisted a woman had to look funny in order to be funny , " Rivers tweeted . "  If she had started today , Phyllis could have stood there in Dior and Harry Winston and become the major star that she was . I adored her ! " Roseanne Barr tweeted that Diller was "  a revolutionary woman who inspired me . " Zooey Deschanel , Amy Poehler and more remember Diller "  last time I saw Ms. Diller she 'd a stroke & when her assistant told her she could no longer drink gin , I immediately took her out 4 martinis , " Barr tweeted . Ellen DeGeneres tweeted "  We lost a comedy legend today . Phyllis Diller was the queen of the one-liners . She was a pioneer . " Whoopi Goldberg called Diller "  a true original . " Francesca Hilton , a stand up comic and daughter of Zsa Zsa Gabor , said Diller was her mother 's best friend . "  She had the best laugh in the world , " Hilton said . Diller 's best one-liners Diller was born Phyllis Ada Driver in Lima , Ohio , on July 17 , 1917 , the daughter of an insurance salesman . She had six children with her first husband , Sherwood Diller , who she married in 1939 . She married Warde Donovan in October 1965 , a month after divorcing Diller . The second marriage lasted 10 years . She was trained as a classical pianist , but never pursued music as a career . She worked as a copywriter for a northern California newspaper , the San Leandro News-Leader , in the early 1950s . She took the stage at San Francisco 's Purple Onion Club on March 7 , 1955 , for her first stand-up comedy performance . She appeared as a contestant on Groucho Marx 's show "  You Bet Your Life " in 1957 . Her long personal and professional friendship with Hope began when the two met at a District of Columbia , nightclub in 1959 . Beauty and life lessons from Phyllis Diller Diller 's late-night national television debut came on "  The Jack Parr Show " in 1959 . Two years later , the first of her five comedy albums , "  Phyllis Diller Laughs , " was released . NBC gave Diller her own variety show , "  The Beautiful Phyllis Diller Show , " in 1968 . Diller had a run on Broadway in 1970 , starring as Dolly Levi in "  Hello Dolly ! " She officially retired from stand-up comedy in 2002 . Diller 's "  creative passion " was painting , Beverly Hills art gallery owner David Streets said . Her paintings were "  very much a reflection of her soul , bright , funny , happy , whimsical full of color and life , " Streets said . Obituaries 2012 : The lives they 've lived CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Her son , Perry , "  found her with a smile on her face , " her manager says Diller 's career as a stand-up comic skyrocketed in the 1960s She was a pop culture icon for her jokes about her looks , cooking and fictional husband , "  Fang " "  She was a true pioneer , " her talent agent says
CNN  -- Manchester United claimed a controversial 2-0 victory at home to Tottenham on Saturday night to keep up the pressure on English Premier League leaders Chelsea . United stayed within five points of the defending champions , who came from behind to beat Blackburn 2-1 earlier in the day , following a bizarre incident late in the match at Old Trafford . Nani was allowed to put the ball into the Tottenham net while goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes was trying to take a free-kick , after the Portugal midfielder handled when he went down having vainly claimed a penalty . The linesman instantly flagged , but referee Mark Clattenburg over-ruled him and awarded United a second goal to the fury of the visiting team -- who have been on the wrong side of several controversial decisions at Old Trafford in the past decade . United boss Alex Ferguson said Nani had correctly played to the whistle . "  Nani looked back and looked at the referee , and the referee said play on , so what can he do but put the ball in the net , " Ferguson said . "  You can look at the referee and look at the linesmen and blame them , but the goalkeeper should know better . He 's an experienced goalkeeper . I thought he made a mess of it . "  I thought it was a penalty first of all and I think Nani felt he handled the ball . But the referee did n't blow for it . " Fifth-placed Tottenham extended their historically dreadful run at United 's home ground to 21 years without a victory , but had been in the match until the 84th-minute incident . Park Ji-Sung hit the base of the Spurs post in the eighth minute , but Dutch midfielder Rafael van der Vaart rattled his compatriot Edwin van der Sar 's woodwork with an even more spectacular effort just after the half-hour mark -- a day after the goalkeeper 's 40th birthday . United took the lead five minutes later as Tottenham paid for poor defending , with Serbia center-back Nemanja Vidic stealing in unmarked to head home Nani 's curling free-kick . Van der Sar then did well to keep out a fierce shot from Luka Modric , but Tottenham lacked the potency to equalize despite their smooth passing game , with boss Harry Redknapp bringing on Roman Pavlyuchenko and Peter Crouch to replace Robbie Keane and Van der Vaart . Chelsea , still missing injured England midfielder Frank Lampard , needed an 84th-minute winner from Branislav Ivanovic to see off Blackburn , who earlier in the week announced the club is poised to be the first in the Premier League to have Indian owners . Zimbabwean striker Benjani Mwaruwari had headed a 21st-minute opener for his first goal for Rovers , from El-Hadji Diouf 's cross , but former France striker Nicolas Anelka leveled three minutes before the break after Didier Drogba nodded down Florent Malouda 's cross . Blackburn could have led again in the 81st minute but striker Jason Roberts missed a golden chance , and the Londoners immediately pounced for the winner as Serbian defender Ivanovic headed home Yuri Zhirkov 's cross . "  Blackburn could have scored before our goal and we were a little bit lucky , " Chelsea coach Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . "  To win here was important because they were better . We were not great again . Blackburn put us under some pressure and we were not able to play our football . " Arsenal claimed second place on goal difference above Manchester United after snatching victory at home to bottom club West Ham , with Alex Song heading a late winner following an end-to-end London derby . France midfielder Samir Nasri hit the crossbar with a long-range free-kick and England winger Theo Walcott struck the post after coming on as a substitute , while former England goalkeeper Robert Green kept the visitors in the game with a series of fine saves . But Cameroon international Song finally broke the deadlock with two minutes to play with a diving effort from fullback Gael Clichy 's cross . Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger told reporters that captain Cesc Fabregas should be available for Wednesday 's Champions League trip to Ukraine 's Shakhtar Donetsk despite suffering a hamstring twinge . However , Manchester City 's hopes of a first league crown since 1968 were dented by a second successive defeat , this time at lowly Wolverhampton , which left the club eight points behind Chelsea . Beaten 3-0 by Arsenal last weekend , City went ahead in the 23rd minute with a penalty from Emmanuel Adebayor -- who was partnered up front by Mario Balotelli in the absence of injured captain Carlos Tevez . But Serbia midfielder Nenad Milijas equalized on half an hour and David Edwards -- who headed against the post in the first period -- gave Wolves a first win since the opening day of the season with a 57th-minute strike . But Wolves remained second from bottom on goal difference below Liverpool , who travel to Bolton Sunday . Everton moved up to seventh place with a 1-0 win at home to Stoke City , with Nigeria striker Yakubu scoring his first goal since April in the 67th minute . Fulham climbed to eighth with a 2-0 victory against Wigan , with U.S. international Clint Dempsey netting both goals in the first half for the home side .	Manchester United third on goal difference after beating fifth-placed Tottenham 2-0 Win marred by late controversy surrounding second goal scored by Nani Chelsea earlier maintained five-point lead with 2-1 victory away to Blackburn Arsenal claim second place after snatching late 1-0 win at bottom side West Ham
CNN  -- Sit ! Shake ! Quit barking ! Get off the couch ! Go find your toy ! Ever wonder what your dog is thinking as it gazes at you while you are barking commands ? Duke University 's Canine Cognition Center in Durham , North Carolina , is one of the few labs in the country focused on how dogs think . "  We 're excited about describing the psychology of our dogs , " says professor Brian Hare , the lab 's director . "  Different dogs solve different problems differently . And what we want to understand is : What is it that either makes dogs remarkable as a species or what is it that constrains the ability of dogs to solve problems ? " To test the dogs ' ability , Hare and a team of graduate students put dogs through a variety of games similar to those you might play with young children . "  We do n't want to look at cute pet tricks . What we want to know is , what does the dog understand about its world ? " Hare said . Hare has been analyzing our four-legged friends for about 15 years . He says dogs have figured out how to read human behavior and human gestures better than any other species has , even chimpanzees . "  The way they think about their world is that people are superimportant and they can solve almost any problem if they rely on people , " says Hare . Children start relying on adults ' gestures when they 're about a year old . That 's about the same age that dogs start to recognize and rely on humans , too , Hare says . When both I and Hare tried to direct Hare 's dog Tazzie to a cup that had a treat in it , Tazzie took his master 's cue and went toward the cup . I was a stranger to Tazzie , so the dog did n't rely on my information . "  He 's grown up with me , " says Hare . "  We do lots of stuff together . He 's never met you before , so he 's saying , look , if they 're both telling me where to go , I 'm going to trust the guy who I 'm with all the time . " According to Hare , this proves dogs are complex social animals who understand they have different relationships with different people . "  They really narrow in and pay attention to you and they want to know what it is about the world that you can help them with , " he says . Researchers at Duke are studying dogs to better understand their limitations . If they can identify why dogs make mistakes , they believe they can help them improve . That could mean making dogs better at working with people with disabilities or better at working with the military . "  They are a very different species and they think about the world differently than we do . And we need to figure out what are the constraints on how they solve problems , how is it that they think differently from us . And I think that we 're going to be able to have a much , even richer relationship with dogs than we already do if we figure all that out , " says Hare . The professor says even though domestication has made dogs smarter , they are not perfect . Still , they 're so smart , he says , that they can understand the principle of connectivity . "  They know they 're connected on a leash and -LSB- dogs reason -RSB- ` Well , now I have to listen , because if I do n't do what you say you can stop me . Where if I 'm ... not on a leash , well , yeah , I know the command but I do n't have to listen to you now , ' " explains Hare . And just like children , dogs also understand that if you turn your back , they can misbehave , especially after their owners have told them not to do something . "  Your dog takes the food you just told it not to take , and you 're really upset because your dog disobeyed you , and you think that your dog is not obedient . Well , no , no , no , your dog was obedient but it realized that it could get away with it , " says Hare . At the end of the day , dogs may rely on humans , but they also use their skills to manipulate their owners and the world they live in . And even though dog owners like to think they 're in command , the professor says it may actually be Fido who is really in charge . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Brian Hare and a team of graduate students at Duke University study how dogs think Domestication has made dogs more intelligent , but they 're still not perfect , Hare says Dogs are social and understand the different relationships they have with different people Hare : "  They can solve almost any problem if they rely on people "
CNN  -- Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's Twitter account and VK Russian social networking profile have drawn heavy public scrutiny , but he left another , more hidden social media trail : a deleted Instagram account that sources close to him tell CNN once belonged to the accused Boston bomber . The Instagram account , with the user name "  jmaister1 , " no longer exists , and friends of Tsarnaev 's say it was deleted only recently . An Instagram spokesman declined to comment on the account or disclose when the account was deleted . CNN National Security Analyst Juliette Kayyem says the account could be significant . "  If I were an investigator right now , obviously the platform he deleted matters the most , " she said . Traces of the jmaister1 account were still visible this week in Google 's Web cache and on other archiving sites . Digital sleuths often use those tools to find glimpses of deleted material . When oversharing online can get you arrested "  It 's exactly like an archive , " tech entrepreneur and programmer Sam Altman explained . "  So no matter what changes were made to the page today , on the current server , Google has this sort of imprint from a couple of weeks ago . " Tsarnaev 's complete account could not be recovered with those tools . Google 's cache stores the pages it indexes for variable lengths of time : sometimes days , sometimes weeks . The digital traces that remain show that Tsarnaev added a "  like " on several photos referring to Chechnya that were posted by other Instagram users . One shows Chechen warlord Shamil Basayev , a onetime government official who later masterminded terrorist attacks against Russia . Basayev was killed in 2006 . Another pro-Chechnya image that Tsarnaev "  liked " carries a string of hashtags including #FreeChechenia #Jihad #Jannah #ALLAH #Jesus and #God . An academic Chechnya expert whom CNN consulted said the images illustrated a familiarity with Chechen politics and iconography . Tsarnaev 's Instagram account was n't widely known ; CNN spoke with several friends of his who said they were unaware of its existence . Two of his high-school classmates , however , spoke about the account and said he used it to keep in touch with a close-knit group of school friends . The two classmates say they are shocked by -- and in some cases skeptical of -- the charges being levied at the friend they knew as "  Jahar . " As one said , "  Jahar was the last person you 'd expect to do this . I 've honestly never heard anybody say anything bad about him . " Since Tsarnaev 's account was deleted , little of what he wrote and posted remains publicly visible , but Kayyem expects investigators to take a closer look at whatever data they can reconstruct . "  Were there clues embedded in the combination of images that can tell us something about what Dzhokhar was thinking ? " she asked . "  Some of those pictures are very benign . Some of them standing alone do n't mean anything . " Instagram makes clear in its terms of service that it will turn its records over to law enforcement officials when it receives a valid subpoena or search warrant . "  Given the volume of real-time content on Instagram , some information may only be stored for a short period of time , " Instagram says on its site . "  We do not retain data for law enforcement purposes unless we receive a valid preservation request . " Dead Boston bomb suspect posted video of jihadist , analysis shows	Accused bomber had a little-known and now deleted Instagram account Digital traces still remain of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's deleted post Investigators are likely to look closely at the Instagram trail One of Dzhokhar 's friends says he "  was the last person you 'd expect to do this "
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- In a country as small as a newborn baby is tiny , the birth of Ghadi has been a very big deal for Lebanon . "  Ghadi was born pure , was born a Lebanese citizen , " explains his happy mother , Kholoud Sukkarieh , as she holds her nearly 2-month-old baby close . "  He was not born a sectarian person . " Sukkarieh calls that accomplishment "  a step forward for a better Lebanon " and "  the result of a long struggle . " You certainly would n't know from glancing at Ghadi 's uncluttered birth certificate -- a simple document that belies the complexity of his status . Sukkarieh points proudly to a line that would normally denote her son 's sect . But on this historic , yet flimsy little square of paper , it 's been very deliberately left blank . That may sound easy , but in a country of 18 different faiths spread amongst less than five million people , it was anything but . Lebanon 's government relies heavily on a sectarian political balance to maintain a very tentative peace . It 's a system that always seems fraught with peril for its population . Ghadi , whose name in Arabic means "  my future " , is n't old enough to worry yet . His parents dream of a future where he 'll never have to . Sukkarieh , a Sunni Muslim , and her husband Nidal Darwish , who is Shiite , never wanted a religious wedding ceremony . But civil marriages are n't legal in Lebanon . Committed as much to each other as they were to their cause , Sukkarieh and Darwish took on political and religious leaders -- fighting a two-year battle from engagement onward in order to become the first couple to be granted a civil marriage license in Lebanon . Amidst the country 's confessional system of governance , one whose politics have become more fractured as its sectarian lines have grown deeper , it looked on many occasions like they might not win out . But despite strong opposition and multiple threats , they persevered . The law still has n't been changed but momentum is now growing to change it . Sukkarieh and Darwish 's marriage license was approved last April , and they have n't stopped pushing the envelope since . But in Lebanon , where religion can mean the difference between life and death , love and birth are n't always celebrated . "  Somebody talked to me on Facebook , " Sukkarieh tells me , "  and said ' I will turn your baby into blood because he 's an illegal baby ' based on his point of view ... saying ` you wo n't see him growing up -- you will see him killed some day between your hands . ' " It 's difficult to imagine how anyone could see Ghadi as a threat , yet sectarian tensions have long existed in this country -- one that experienced a brutal 15-year civil war , and one that is being drawn deeper every day into another civil war in neighboring Syria . Just last week , two suicide bombs rocked Beirut . Over the summer , dozens were killed in blasts targeting both Sunni and Shiite strongholds throughout the country . It 's no wonder Darwish is so fearful for his family . "  It 's very hard because , when Kholoud and I started down this path , we got threats , but it did n't make a difference to us , we were proud of what we were doing and the steps we were taking , " he says . "  But since Ghadi arrived we 've started to feel scared . " The family that wants to change Lebanon may now have to leave it . As they consider relocating , they grow sadder and more worried . "  You end up living a life of fear , " says Darwish . "  I just constantly want to protect Kholoud and Ghadi , " he adds , "  hold them close and not let them go . " "  We are trying now to apply for immigration somewhere else where we can be protected as human beings and -LSB- where we can keep -RSB- our human and civil rights , " Sukkarieh says . This is the sad reality of Lebanon : A beautiful baby whose arrival was meant to bring hope may now need to depart a divided country that could use that hope more than ever .	Lebanese parents refuse to mark baby 's sect on birth certificate Parents have received threats in Lebanon , a country deeply divided on sectarian lines Parents also fought two-year battle to get first civil , non-religious marriage certificate Divisions among sects in Lebanon deepen as Syria 's civil war spills into country
CNN  -- Defending champion Serena Williams overcame a gutsy display from Jelena Jankovic on Saturday to reach the final of the WTA Championships in Istanbul . The World No. 1 was forced to work hard against her Serbian opponent in the Sinan Erdem Dome , but eventually came through to win in three sets 6-4 , 2-6 , 6-4 to set up a showdown with China 's Li Na in Sunday 's final . Williams started slowly and was soon 3-1 down but fought back to take the opening set . But any thoughts of a quick finish were dashed as errors crept into the American 's game . Jankovic took full advantage winning the set with ease . A more composed Serena returned in the deciding set which she won 6-4 but not before Jankovic had gamely saved three match points . "  I 'm just really trying out here . I think my body 's a little tired after so many matches -- I think yesterday I kind of hit a wall . But I 'm just fighting out here , " Williams said . "  Honestly I 'm just happy to still be in the tournament , and I 'm honoured to be in the final again . " Li 's match against Petra Kvitova was a less exhausting affair with the 31-year-old seeing off the Czech left-hander 6-4 , 6-2 . Li had already broken new ground by becoming the first Chinese woman to reach the semifinals of the WTA Championships , but by beating Kvitova , she has risen to World No. 3 and becomes the highest ranked Asian women in history . With both Li and Williams undefeated in the tournament so far , the winner of Sunday 's match will walk away with Â # 2,145,000 while the runner-up is guaranteed $ 1,090,000 . Fed to face del Potro Meanwhile at the ATP World Tour 500 event in Switzerland , Roger Federer is safely through to the final of the indoor event in Basel . The Swiss star who is currently No. 6 in the world rankings will face Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro on Sunday after beating Canada 's Vasek Pospisil 6-3 , 6-7 , 7-5 on Saturday . Del Potro also needed three sets  6-4 , 4-6 , 6-2  to overcome France 's Edouard Roger-Vasselin . At the other ATP World Tour 500 event in Valencia , David Ferrer will face Russia 's Mikhail Youzhny in Sunday 's final . The Spanish star overwhelmed compatriot Nicolas Almagro 6-2 , 6-3 in Saturday 's semifinal while Youzhny beat his fellow countryman Dmitry Tursunov 6-2 , 6-4 .	World No. 1 reaches final with three-set win over Jelena Jankovic Williams will play China 's Li Na for first prize of over $ 2 million Li 's semifinal win lifts her to World No. 3 -- the highest-ever ranking for an Asian woman Roger Federer through to ATP Tour final in Basel , Switzerland
CNN  -- Would you feel comfortable flying in a plane with the exit sign missing from above its door ? Along with dripping water appearing in the cabin shortly after takeoff , a missing exit sign was one of the details that rattled Australian passenger Lisa Kingsberry on a flight from Fiji to Vava'u in Tonga operated by Real Tonga airlines this week . The flight had originally been delayed two days due a sick pilot and weather conditions . "  I 've never been on such an anxious flight , " Kingsberry told Radio Australia . "  Everyone was talking about the safety issues . " The story has made headlines in Australia , with reports suggesting that the poor safety record and reputation of the aircraft used by Real Tonga -- a Chinese-manufactured MA60 aircraft -- is "  crippling " tourism in Tonga . "  Earlier this year , the New Zealand Government suspended millions of dollars in tourism aid to Tonga and warned travelers of safety concerns over the plane , " reported Australia Network News . "  New Zealand says the MA60 plane has been involved in a significant number of accidents in the past few years and is not certified to fly in New Zealand , Australia , Europe and the United States . " No plans to ground plane But Real Tonga tells CNN it has no plans to suspend operations of its brand new MA60 -- manufactured by China 's AVIC Xi'an Aircraft Industry Company -- which the government of Tonga received as a gift from China earlier this year . Configured to seat 42 passengers , the aircraft -- one of three operated by the airline and the only MA60 in its fleet -- made its maiden flight for the airline on August 10 . "  There are no plans to ground it , " said Real Tonga commercial manager Tele Faletau . "  We have no grounds on which we need to ground it . " MA60s have been involved in at least 11 mishaps since 2009 . On June 10 of this year , an MA60 crash-landed at an airport in Indonesia , injuring two passengers ; on the same day , an MA60 skidded off a runway in Myanmar , with no injuries reported . Though he confirmed that the MA60 flap has negatively affected Tonga 's tourism industry and the airline itself , Faletau downplayed the worries . "  There were no reports  of problems  through our official maintenance on that flight , " Faletau told CNN . Faletau explained that the exit sign in question is a detachable , foam piece that fits above the door of the aircraft . "  Maybe some passenger inadvertently knocked it off and it was n't reattached , " Faletau said . "  Perhaps that 's how the incident happened . " Faletau said the water in the cabin was likely condensation from the aircraft 's air conditioning system , caused in part by Tonga 's intense humidity . He also defended safety certification processes required by various world aviation governing bodies , the Chinese aviation industry and Real Tonga . Tonga needs plane Real Tonga began operations in March 2013 . It 's the latest in a string of airlines that have attempted to keep Tonga flying . "  The domestic air infrastructure has been a problem in Tonga for a number of years , " Faletau said . "  We 're a small nation , with only about 100,000 population . "  It 's difficult to mount a sustainable airline operation for this market . The gift of the MA60 from the People 's Republic of China to our government represents stability for Tonga 's air infrastructure for the future . "	Australian passenger shaken by "  anxious " flight on Chinese-made MA60 aircraft in Tonga Various reports say the MA60 's poor reputation is hurting tourism in Tonga Real Tonga airline says its aircraft are safe In June , an MA60 crash-landed in Indonesia , another skidded off runway in Myanmar
The Supreme Court on Wednesday unanimously ruled that police may not search the cell phones of criminal suspects upon arrest without a warrant -- a sweeping endorsement for privacy rights . By a 9-0 vote , the justices said smart phones and other electronic devices were not in the same category as wallets , briefcases , and vehicles -- all currently subject to limited initial examination by law enforcement . Generally such searches are permitted if there is "  probable cause " that a crime has been committed , to ensure officers ' safety and prevent destruction of evidence . Criminal suspects in Massachusetts and California were separately convicted , in part , after phone numbers , text messages , photos and addresses obtained from personal electronic devices linked them to drug and gang activity . Those cases were appealed to the high court , giving it an opportunity to re-enter the public debate over the limits of privacy rights , with a focus on the ubiquitous cellphone and its vast storage of information and video . The appeals were not related to the recent mass surveillance of phone metadata by the National Security Agency , which has raised similar constitutional concerns . "  The fact that technology now allows an individual to carry such information in his hand does not make the information any less worthy of the protection for which the Founders fought , " the ruling said . "  Our answer to the question of what police must do before searching a cell phone seized incident to an arrest is accordingly simple -- get a warrant . " Ellen Canale , a Justice Department spokeswoman , said the agency would work with law enforcement to ensure "  full compliance " with the decision . "  We will make use of whatever technology is available to preserve evidence on cell phones while seeking a warrant , and we will assist our agents in determining when exigent circumstances or another applicable exception to the warrant requirement will permit them to search the phone immediately without a warrant , " Canale said . Most people have cellphones A January Pew Research Center survey found more than 90 percent of Americans now own or regularly use a cellphone , and 58 percent have a more sophisticated smartphone . They have become the most quickly adopted technology ever . It 's estimated that most of the world 's 7 billion people have access to mobile devices , according to the United Nations . Lower courts nationwide are divided over how to apply a 40-year-old high court precedent allowing searches of a suspect 's items after arrest . Home searches generally require warrants and are given greater constitutional protection than vehicles or a person in public . Of the two cases addressed by the Supreme Court , David Riley 's attracted the most scrutiny . Two convictions He was detained in 2009 for having an expired vehicle registration and driving with a suspended license . When authorities impounded his vehicle , loaded weapons were found hidden under the hood . After the college student 's subsequent arrest , San Diego police took a look at his smartphone . Text messages , contacts and video in the touch-screen device led officers to believe Riley had organized crime connections . A photograph of another vehicle owned by the suspect was linked to an earlier drive-by shooting . He was convicted in state court and received a 15-year prison sentence . Separately , Brima Wurie was arrested in 2007 for selling two packets of crack cocaine . He had an old-style flip phone in his pocket , and police in Boston used call logs on the device to trace his real home address , after the suspect gave a bogus one . There , officers with a search warrant found more drugs , a weapon and ammunition . Wurie was convicted in federal court and is serving 22 years . In neither case did police seek a warrant before the phones were searched . One appeals court upheld Riley 's conviction , and another tossed out Wurie 's . Broader impact Unclear from the high court 's ruling is whether other defendants convicted on such electronic evidence will also have their cases dismissed . But the court minced no words in separating such devices from other things a person might have on them when detained by police . "  Modern cell phones , as a category , implicate privacy concerns far beyond those implicated by the search of a cigarette pack , a wallet , or a purse , " said Chief Justice John Roberts . "  Cell phones differ in both a quantitative and a qualitative sense from other objects that might be kept on an arrestee 's person . " The Constitution 's Fourth Amendment protects against "  unreasonable searches and seizures . " But the Supreme Court has repeatedly affirmed the government 's discretion to conduct warrantless initial pat-downs and searches of people and vehicles -- to ensure officers ' safety and prevent destruction of evidence . That included a 1973 ruling upholding the police search of a suspect 's crumpled cigarette box , where heroin capsules were discovered . The motorist had first been stopped on suspicion of driving on a suspended license in Washington . Cellphones different Similar law enforcement searches can include other closed containers , such as wallets and address books , even if it is not initially apparent the items are contraband or dangerous . But privacy advocates and defense attorneys had argued that portable , easily storable technology makes these appeals different . The court , in sweeping terms , agreed . In April : Court seemingly at odds over cell phones and searches Opinion : What Scalia knows about illegal searches Cevallos : Cell phone ruling keeps cops out of your business	The cases reviewed involved searches without a warrant following an arrest The unanimous decision was a sweeping endorsement for privacy rights Most people in the United States own a cellphone
London  CNN  -- During the 1970s , Britain 's car industry was the sick man of Europe : many models were poorly designed and built , politicians and the nationalized company management lacked strategic vision while workers were often on strike . Four decades on , that perception has been turned on its head . Despite the closure of the last British-owned volume car maker , Rover , in 2005 , the country is now building near-record numbers of vehicles while the proportion of cars exported is the highest ever . Belying the moribund state of the global economy , sales of luxury models are now leading the charge . On Monday Rolls-Royce posted its best results in its 107-year-history with 3,538 cars -- which cost upwards of # 200,000  $ 308,000  -- sold in 2011 , a 31 % rise over the previous year 's figure . This growth is powered by surging demand in Asia : China now joins the United States as the BMW-owned marque 's most significant markets . Look at high-res images of historic Rolls-Royce "  We had an outstanding year in 2011 and we should take a moment to reflect on this Great British success story , " said the company 's CEO Torsten Muller-Otvos . Rolls-Royce spokesman Andrew Ball told CNN the company was profitable but declined to detail any figures . The booming Rolls-Royce sales figures come days after its former sister company , Bentley , posted a 37 % rise in global sales , also on the back of rising sales to China and the U.S. . The Volkswagen-owned company , based in Crewe , in northern England , in 2011 sold more than 7,000 cars , the prices of which start at # 133,000  $ 208,000  . The rise in output comes on the back of a huge rise in productivity . In the 1970s , 545,000 people were employed in Britain 's car factories , making 15 million cars during that decade . Between 2001 and 2011 there were only 133,000 workers in the industry , but they produced 16.1 million cars . Toyota has recently created 1,500 jobs at its plant in Derbyshire in a # 100 million investment while Jaguar Land Rover said it would double the size of its factory on Merseyside providing 1,000 new jobs . The success of British car makers is echoed by U.S. car makers which are expected to report their first profits since 2004 . Most analysts are forecasting better industrywide sales in 2012 and beyond . They see sales rising from 12.8 million in 2011 to between 13.5 million to 14 million this year and close to 15 million by 2014 or 2015 . Detroit automakers are finally making profits Rolls-Royce 's sales figures are the best since 1978 when the company sold 3,347 cars , mainly of the Silver Shadow II model . The latest Rolls-Royce models share many components with BMW models , such as the 7-series , but cost more than twice as much . Motoring journalist Iain Reid of What Car ? magazine said part of the reason behind R-R 's success lay in its product range . "  If you make the right models people will buy them . The Ghost car is proving successful because it is a bit more affordable and less ostentatious than the Phantom . " The Rolls-Royce brand was doing well , he said , because it married British heritage with BMW 's sales and marketing expertise . Reid added that companies such as Nissan , BMW Mini and Honda had good plants in the UK that were building desirable cars . "  You ca n't go wrong with that mix , " Reid told CNN . Industry analyst Paul Nieuwenhuis said that while many customers bought luxury cars "  by the meter " -- that is to say they care more about the image than the machine -- modern Rolls-Royce cars were exceptional vehicles . "  They are surprisingly agile , and do n't feel nearly as big as they actually are . And their attention to detail is unrivaled . " Nieuwenhuis , director of the Centre for Automotive Industry Research at Cardiff Business School , said Britain had a global reputation for building luxury cars . "  This is something that we are doing well , despite our own car market doing badly . " He added that the Rolls-Royce sales figures showed that "  rich people still have money " especially in China . The rights to use the Rolls-Royce name have been owned by BMW since 1998 when Vickers sold off Rolls-Royce Motors , which also made Bentley cars . Volkswagen paid # 430 million for the existing factory in Crewe but did not secure the rights to use the Rolls-Royce name on their vehicles . This was bought from Rolls-Royce plc , which continues to make aero engines , for # 40 million by BMW , which built a new plant in Goodwood , West Sussex , in southern England .	Rolls-Royce posts best results in 107-year-history with 3,538 cars sold in 2011 Bentley posts 37 % rise in global sales , on back of rising sales to China and U.S Rise in output from UK car factories comes on back of rise in productivity U.S. car makers which are expected to report their first profits since 2004
On the surface , Hong Kong transmits an image of prosperity , comfort and convenience . But beyond the façade of pristine skyscrapers and bustling shopping malls , a darker life exists for some of the territory 's newest residents . Deep into Hong Kong 's New Territories , close to the border with Mainland China , lies Ping Che , a decrepit village that has become a prison for many of its inhabitants . One of them is Arif , 26 , a wiry , long-haired asylum-seeker from Bangladesh . His house , barely more than a few slabs of sheet metal propped against decaying beams , runs along open sewers . Flies circle near the improvised toilet -- basically a hole in the kitchen floor . The water is dirty and the electricity supply unreliable . With only a shoddy air conditioner salvaged from a garbage dump , he mostly wilts in the humid summer weather and freezes in the winter cold . One night , while sleeping , part of the roof dropped onto his head . "  I need to live in a better place , " he says , with a hint of irritation . Arif 's nightmarish living situation is typical for the hundreds of people who arrive in Hong Kong each year to escape torture or persecution in their home countries . But that 's when their troubles begin . While they wait for their claims to be screened , in a process that can take years -- and usually ends in rejection -- asylum seekers are barred from working , forced into crumbling housing and are given just enough food to survive . According to some rights activists , this is intentional . "  The government tries to dissuade refugees from seeking protection by intentionally causing hardship , " explains Cosmo Beatson , who directs Vision First , a Hong Kong refugee aid organization . "  It 's not humane . " With no way to join society and no way to return home , these survivors languish in miserable situations like Ping Che , hoping for a reprieve that often never comes . "  Many of us came here to save our lives , " says Arif . "  But I think better die . Better die than live like this . How we 're living is not life . " ' I lost everything ' Four years ago , Arif was a pharmacology student in the Khulna district of Bangladesh . Described by Beatson as a "  really smart kid , " Arif ran a business to support his family . But his success drew the envy of terrorist groups in the war-torn country , who burned his vehicle , assaulted him , and threatened to kill him if he did n't pay huge sums of "  protection " money . Fearing for his life , he enlisted the help of an agent , who promised to take him to Ireland , his "  dream country . " Instead , the agent stole his belongings and left him stranded in Hong Kong . "  I lost everything , " says Arif . "  When I learned I was in Hong Kong , I was so shocked . " Arif was safe , in a technical sense . Like many other countries and territories , Hong Kong is bound by international laws preventing the deportation of refugees to countries where they risk harm . Refugees are allowed to file claims for protection when they arrive , and may legally remain until their status is officially determined . Those who are successful may be relocated to a third country , where they can attain legal status . In theory , Hong Kong is a big "  waiting room . " In practice , Hong Kong is more of a prison . Left with unpleasant memories of the 1970s influx of Vietnamese war refugees , which swamped its support systems , the Hong Kong government does everything it can to discourage refugees from integrating into its society . To prevent economic migrants from trying to claim asylum , the government bans refugees from working -- those caught working face 22 months in jail . Instead , it forces refugees like Arif to depend on a non-profit , the International Social Service  ISS  , for welfare . Every month , ISS gives Arif a HK$ 1,200  $ 155  stipend for rent -- which barely covers his room in Ping Che , with nothing left for deposits or utilities . Like other refugees , he gets HK$ 900  $ 116  worth of food -- a bit more than US$ 1 per meal -- which must be picked up from faraway collection depots and then carried home . The aid amount has not been adjusted for inflation since 2006 . "  I 've watched the 7 kg bag of rice turn into 3 kg , " says Beatson , who works closely with the villagers . "  People are going hungry . " Salim is a 43-year-old asylum seeker from Bangladesh who lives with Arif . Nine years ago , he escaped Bangladesh after terrorists seized his retail business and tried to kill his family . But , he says , "  Hong Kong is not a better life . " His broad frame fills his cramped bedroom , which is littered with filth-encrusted objects : old appliances , cookware , and furniture , many held together with tape . Because ISS aid only covers the bare minimum , Salim and his cohabitants hunt for clothes and other household essentials in a nearby garbage dump . Salim says the ISS does not provide adequate medical care . "  When I am sick , the doctors say , ` we can not check you . ' " Instead they give him tablets of Panadol , a feeble painkiller that Beatson says refugees receive "  whether they have migraines , dermatitis , venereal diseases , cancer , or are giving birth . " "  The suffering caused is purposeful , " continues Beatson . " -LSB- The government -RSB- causes so much slow pain that the people have no choice but to leave . " However , a spokeswoman for ISS says that each client is "  individually assessed for needs , special concerns , and vulnerabilities , " and that medical assistance is provided at the discretion of social workers . In response to suggestions that aid is insufficient , she replies "  any assistance program will always be a compromise . " ISS does not determine aid levels , she adds , as the agency is funded directly by the government and only carries out government instructions . Officials stand behind the austere policy , which they say is designed to keep its welfare system from getting overloaded with outsiders . "  The objective of humanitarian assistance is to provide support , which is considered sufficient to prevent a person from becoming destitute while at the same time not creating a magnet effect , " Hong Kong 's Social Welfare Department wrote in a statement emailed to CNN . Salim has a simpler explanation : "  The Hong Kong government does n't care . To them , we are not people . " ` Like finding out heaven is fake ' Claimants who persist long enough to receive a status determination are often devastated to find they have been rejected without explanation . According to Vision First , Hong Kong has received over 12,000 torture claims in the last 21 years -- and has accepted five . "  This number is unbelievable , " says Beatson . "  It 's an effective zero percent recognition rate . " For those in Ping Che waiting to be screened , these figures cause despair . "  It 's a tunnel with no light at the end , " says Beatson . "  When it dawns on refugees what they 're stuck in , they 're in shock . They conclude that Hong Kong is safe , but they would 've rather died . It 's like finding out that heaven is fake . " To alleviate refugees ' suffering , a small group of Hong Kong NGOs has formed what it calls the Refugee Concern Network to try and coordinate help . One of its members is Julee Allen , who manages a refugee aid center in Hong Kong 's Chungking Mansions . The center provides psycho-social support for more than 300 clients . But the work , she says , is very difficult . In her first month on the job , a man suddenly broke down into tears . "  He pulled up his shirt and showed me stab wounds all over his torso and started explaining what has happened in his country . "  When he left and shut the door behind him , I lost it . I spent 30 minutes crying , just saying , ` My God , how can we help someone who has been so deeply , deeply wounded ? ' " Beatson says that the aid organizations simply can not help everyone . "  All the charities combined only have about three million HKD  US$ 128,926  . We need hundreds of millions , " he says . "  Our work might help five hundred people a little , but how do you help 6,000 ? "  We have to put pressure on the government , " he adds . Hong Kong legislator Fernando Cheung is one of the few politicians trying to help . He first visited Ping Che in February and describes the sight as "  shameful . " Cheung immediately demanded a special meeting with the Hong Kong Security Bureau to voice his concerns , but was rejected . "  They are trying to evade the problem , " he says . Unsatisfied , Cheung believes that government inaction jeopardizes Hong Kong 's international reputation . "  The government wants to project Hong Kong as a world-class city with advanced systems . They want investment . "  But the city is in many ways a façade , " he says . "  On the outside , it 's got nice decorations . But if you look inside , it 's empty -- there 's no heart . " There has been minor progress . Late last year , court rulings determined that Hong Kong 's refugee screening systems were incomplete . In June , the government announced a new system , which will screen not just torture claimants but all sufferers of persecution and cruel treatment . "  It 's a step in the right direction , " says Cheung . But there are no improvements planned for refugee welfare -- which is the most urgently needed reform . A provision allowing refugees to seek employment would raise living conditions immeasurably , but this seems a remote possibility at best . If things do n't improve soon , Hong Kong 's treatment of refugees will continue to fall short of the international standards it claims to embrace , and Ping Che will continue to wither . Advocates say change is possible but only if people understand what the refugees are going through . "  Being an asylum seeker , refugee , or torture claimant is not a choice people make , " says Allen . "  Some seismic event has just turned that person 's life upside down . If they could just go home and be safe , they would -- but they ca n't . It 's important to remember it could be you -- it could be me -- it could happen any second . " As for Salim , all he wants is an opportunity for dignity . "  In the United States , Canada , Australia , they give people a chance , " he says . "  It is 2013 . We should give a chance to everyone . "	Advocates say Hong Kong government policies make refugees ' lives ' a living hell ' Barred from work , refugees are given poor housing , meager food , and little medical care Refugees wait years for their claims to be processed , but are almost always rejected Human rights advocates say Hong Kong 's international reputation is at risk
CNN  -- Worries about high tides overwhelming parts of Thailand in recent days have morphed into fears about water - and insect-borne diseases in the flood-ravaged country . Bangkok 's central business district has avoided major flooding so far , but outlying areas are chest - or waist-deep in water . "  The water in those parts is a filthy black color containing sewage , garbage and dead animals with a nasty smell . Mosquitoes are also breeding rapidly , " said Igor Prahin of Bangkok . More than 370 people have died since the flooding began after heavy monsoon rains . U.S. Ambassador to Thailand Kristie A. Kenney said Monday that "  the worst may be over for central Bangkok , " but about 2 million people are still affected by the flooding . The United States has pledged a total of $ 1.1 million in aid . CNNGo : Updated travel information for tourists Charities working in the country have warned of diseases such as diarrhea , dengue fever and malaria in the coming days and weeks . "  There are places on the outskirts of Bangkok and in other parts of the country which have been flooded for nearly two weeks , " said Matthew Cochrane of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies . "  The country 's prime minister has said that the city has ` dodged a bullet ' -- the economic impact of central Bangkok being flooded would have been huge , and thankfully that did not happen -- but a huge part of the country is still under water , " Cochrane said . "  Outside the city it is certainly a humanitarian crisis , because there are people who have been cut off for weeks without any aid , supplies or food . " UNICEF said it was providing 20,000 mosquito nets and handing out 20,000 pamphlets explaining how to stay safe and healthy in flood-stricken regions . Supatra  Jenstitvong  Assavasuke , who lives east of central Bangkok , took in two friends whose house on the west side of the city is submerged under 1 to 2 meters  3 to 7 feet  of water . It 's unclear how long they will need to stay . She and her family have helped donate about 3,000 liters  almost 800 gallons  of drinking water to those in worse-off areas . "  Those who got affected , they lose their houses , they lose their jobs , their cars -- many things , " she said . But even those in the capital faced possible shortages of water . The Metropolitan Waterworks Authority said it had reduced the amount of tap water processed for residents from 900,000 to 400,000 cubic meters per day , because of high algae counts at one of its plants . Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra said authorities would speed up the process of draining water into Bangkok 's canals and into the sea , raising hopes that water levels in the city could start to sink . However , the government has warned it may take more than a month for the floods to recede . Already , the flooding has caused an estimated $ 6 billion in damages , the Thai Finance Ministry has said . The Thai government has set up more than 1,700 shelters across the country , where more than 113,000 people have taken refuge . Yet many are trying to push through with their daily routines . In Bangkok 's Chinatown area , a food vendor up to her knees in murky water continued to serve patrons at her small cart . One resident traveled down a street by row boat as a nearby bicyclist pedaled through thigh-deep flooding . And a man walked his dog near Bangkok 's Grand Palace , the dog chest-deep in water . CNN 's Bryony Jones , Kocha Olarn and Germain Perez contributed to this report .	2 million people are affected by the flooding , a U.S. diplomat to Thailand says Bangkok resident : Water in outlying areas has "  sewage , garbage and dead animals " Relief agency : Places outside Bangkok cut off from supplies endure a humanitarian crisis Charities working in the country warn about diarrhea , dengue fever and malaria in the coming weeks
The Columbus Day holiday is usually observed with a smattering of parades in a few cities and discount sales from retailers . But this year , people in New York will observe the man who discovered America , up close and personal . The art installation "  Discovering Columbus " takes the form of a modern New York living room surrounding the 13-foot marble statue of Christopher Columbus . The statue , which has stood on a granite podium high above the middle of a Manhattan traffic circle for the past 120 years , has until now only been able to be viewed from afar , unless you were a pigeon . The exhibit , conceived by the Japanese artist Tatzu Nishi and backed by the Public Art Fund , is an 800-square-foot replica of a contemporary living room that is suspended 70 feet in the air supported by scaffolding . "  The project is really about transforming an object that already exists , a monument that 's been here in New York City for 120 years , " said Nicholas Baume , director and curator of the Public Art Fund , "  and giving people a chance to experience it in a completely new way to have in this case , a much more intimate experience . " The statue , which was crafted by Gaetano Russo in 1892 , seemingly stands on a coffee table and is surrounded by several comfy chairs , sofas , a bookcase and flat screen television . Unlike a usual "  no touch " policy at an art exhibit , visitors are free to lounge on the furniture for a good look at the monument . The wallpaper covering the walls was designed by the artist and features iconic American pop culture figures , such as Mickey Mouse , Michael Jackson and Marilyn Monroe . Nishi has done several such exhibits around the world by taking a usually inaccessible object and creating a living space around it for visitors . "  I did n't choose Columbus as a figure . I chose this sculpture as a visual object and Columbus Circle as a place , " the artist said . And what a place it is for those lucky enough to secure a spot and willing to climb six flights of stairs . From the windows of the living room , one can see million dollar views of Central Park as well as Broadway and downtown Manhattan . "  The view you get here is extraordinary . You actually sense the fact that Columbus Circle is the center of this nexus of New York City , " Nicholas Baume said . But not everyone thinks the exhibit is such a wonderful endeavor . Rosario Iaconis , chairman of the Italic Institute of America , commented on the project before it opened . "  Columbus was a man of the Renaissance , an exemplar of that civilization . This , is foolishness . This is not art . If it 's his particular vision , it 's a skewed vision , so I , again with due respect to Mr. Nishi , I think he stumbled on his project . " One famous New Yorker disagrees . "  I 've been living in this city since 1966 . Columbus Circle has always been there , but you do n't look up . You ca n't see it , it 's so high , " Mayor Michael Bloomberg told reporters . "  For you and I , this is the first and only chance you 're probably going to have in your whole life . " The artist was asked by the Public Art Fund two years ago to do a project in the city , and he walked all around visiting different sites until he settled on Columbus Circle statue . "  It 's not my intention to say something about Columbus ; rather , I want to change the sculpture from public sculpture into a completely different thing , " Nishi said . The exhibit opened on September 20 and will run through November 18 . Visitors can obtain free passes by signing up at the Public Art Fund 's website . Each pass grants access to the exhibition for up to 30 minutes . Once the exhibition is over , the monument will go through a restoration . The pigeons will have to wait a little bit longer to see their old buddy Chris . Photos : Street art vs. public art installations	Living room set up around Columbus statue high above Manhattan traffic circle Japanese artist mixes idea of 500-year-old Italian navigator with modern Americana living Some Italian-Americans are not happy with exhibit
CNN  -- -- The well-publicized landing of 40 Iranian Jews in Israel on Tuesday spurred glee among some Israelis and the immigrants themselves and drew public scorn from a surprising quarter in Iran -- two officials from its centuries-old Jewish community . One of them described the emigration as a "  misinformation " campaign and defended their lives under the government of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The arrival in Israel was publicized as the largest single group to arrive in Israel from Iran since Iran 's Islamic Revolution , and the immigrants traveled via an undisclosed third country . Other Iranian Jews have immigrated to Israel over the years . Anti-Semitism has been a worldwide phenomenon for centuries and the state of Israel became a homeland for Jews to escape anti-Semitic persecution . The group that sponsored the immigration is the International Fellowship of Christians and Jews , based in Chicago . It says it wants to help Jews flee such persecution . The group receives money from evangelical Christians . Its founder , Rabbi Yehiel Eckstein , believes Iranian Jews face dangers , citing the words of Ahmadinejad , who has urged Israel 's destruction but not by military means . There has been great criticism of Ahmadinejad by Jews across the globe for his remarks about Israel , for the government 's stance toward Israel , and for the regime 's sponsorship of a recent Holocaust denial seminar . Eckstein said immigrants received $ 10,000 each because they left behind possessions to go to Israel . Noting the evangelical support from his group , Eckstein , in fact , believes it 's no "  coincidence " that the people came to Israel on Christmas Day , which Eckstein describes as "  kind of a Christmas present to these folks from Christians in America who seek to tell Israel and the Jewish people that they 're not alone . " The immigration comes at a time of great tension between Iran , whose president stoutly rejects the Jewish state 's existence , and Israel , which asserts that Iran is funding terrorism , has ambitions to develop nuclear weapons , and is intent on destroying the Jewish state . But the account of the mass immigration was vehemently disputed among Jewish officials in Tehran who defend Jewish life there . The man representing Iranian Jews in Iran 's parliament on Wednesday disputed the notion of an organized immigration of Iranian Jews to Israel , saying he would have known about such a development . Iranian MP Morris Motamed told CNN that he and Ciamak Morehsadegh , the director of the Tehran Jewish Community , had issued a statement condemning the spread of false news about an evangelical organization facilitating the immigration of 40 Iranian Jews to Israel . Iranian Jews can travel anywhere they want , anytime they want , but like other Iranians they are not allowed to go to Israel , Motamed said . Even with that , some Iranian Jews may decide to travel to and from Israel via a third country to visit their families or to visit for religious reasons . However , Motamed called the news a "  misinformation " campaign aimed at creating an atmosphere of distrust between the Muslim and Jewish communities in Iran . He said it is meant to make Iranian Jews feel unsafe and vulnerable in their own country . He said that before the Islamic Revolution in 1979 , Iranian Jews numbered more than 100,000 , but like other minorities their numbers diminished because of immigration . He said almost 95 percent of Iranian Jews went to the United States and as a result there is now quite a sizable Iranian Jewish community there . The remaining 5 percent , he said , went to Europe and Israel . There are as many as an estimated 20,000 to 25,000 Jews remaining in Iran , the largest Jewish community in the Middle East outside Israel , according to CNN 's Shirzad Bozorghmehr . The U.S. State Department 's 2007 report on religious freedom says the Iranian government 's "  rhetoric and actions created a threatening atmosphere for nearly all non-Shi ' a religious groups , most notably for Baha'i 's , " who are based in the Israeli city of Haifa . It also cites "  Sufi Muslims , evangelical Christians , and members of the Jewish community . " Jews by Iranian constitutional law have the right to practice their religion and "  with some exception , " there has been scant government restriction and interference with religious practices , the report said . However , "  members of these recognized minority religious groups have reported government imprisonment , harassment , intimidation , and discrimination based on their religious beliefs . " Jewish education has been tougher to carry out , there has been a rise in anti-Semitic rhetoric , and assaults on two synagogues , the report said . Their contact with or support for the state of Israel has been squelched "  out of fear of reprisal . " "  Recent anti-American and anti-Israeli demonstrations included the denunciation of Jews , as opposed to the past practice of denouncing only ` Israel ' and "  Zionism , " adding to the threatening atmosphere for the community , " the report said . In the Islamic Republic 's Jewish community , there is a different view from voices emerging . Morehsadegh described the Jewish community in Tehran as alive and well , with 20 synagogues , more than eight butcher shops , two restaurants , and four youth groups . "  There is no doubt that the Holocaust happened , " he said . "  But we disagree with the superpowers who have misused this incident to their own benefit . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report	Senior Iranian Jew calls mass emigration of 40 Jews to Israel "  misinformation " 40 Iranian Jews landed in Israel on December 25 U.S.-based group behind incident receives cash from evangelical Christians Each immigrant received $ 10,000 to cover abanonded possessions , group admits
CNN  -- Enterovirus D68 has swept through 30 states since mid-August . What sets the virus apart from many others in the same family is its vicious symptoms : Instead of just causing a summer cold , it sends children to the hospital -- where they often end up in the intensive care unit , struggling to breathe . David Nash from Tucker , Georgia , is one of those children . At first his parents , Rachel and Rodney Nash , were n't too alarmed when David came down with a cough , runny nose and low-grade fever . But then the 3-year-old got sick very quickly . David was in the first wave of children hit with Enterovirus D68 . The virus struck early in states such as Georgia , where children headed back to school last month , but it then spread to states such as New York and Connecticut , where school began after Labor Day . "  There 's no doubt the opening of schools has facilitated the transmission of Enterovirus D68 , " says Dr. William Schaffner , an infectious disease specialist at Vanderbilt University Medical Center . What parents should know The Nashes shared with CNN the day-to-day story of their son 's illness , hoping it might help families whose children have been recently diagnosed with what one pediatrician calls a "  frightening " virus . August 11 A healthy David and his big brother , Benjamin , start school . August 24 David develops a cough , runny nose and low-grade fever . His parents are n't too worried as it seems like a regular cold . August 25 The Nashes become more concerned . Their little ball of energy who loves flying around the house as Batman does n't want to play . That night , he wheezes as he sleeps . His parents wake him to give him puffs from an inhaler prescribed for his seasonal allergies . August 26 David 's breathing gets worse . "  You could see him trying to pull the air in , " Rachel Nash recalls . "  His nostrils flared as he inhaled , and you could see the muscles in his neck and collarbone working extra hard . " Rodney Nash adds , "  I remember as a kid my goldfish jumped out of the bowl . That 's how he looked to me -- like a goldfish gasping for breath . " The Nashes take David to the emergency room at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta . His oxygen saturation rate is 86 % . Healthy children 's oxygen saturation is around 97 % . The doctors give David oxygen through his nose . Every two hours he gets nebulizer treatments , which are commonly used to treat asthma , to try to unclog his airways . David hates the mask and is n't cooperative . David 's saturation rate goes up to 88 % , but that 's not enough . He 's admitted to the hospital . August 27 In addition to the oxygen and breathing treatments , David gets an oral steroid to help shrink the swelling in his airways . Even then , David is still wheezing . "  It sounded like air going through a balloon -- where you pinch the balloon and hear the squeaking sounds , " his father says . Doctors try a "  shaker vest . " Blasts of air shake the vest , which loosens up mucus caught in the lungs . David does the shaker vest treatment every three hours , but he 's still not better . August 28 At 4 a.m. , a nurse says David is finally responding to the treatments . His breathing , which had been quick and shallow , is slowing down . The nebulizer treatments go from every two hours to every four . He still does n't like them , but he does n't protest as much as he did before . At 8 a.m. , David is taken off the oxygen and allowed to play . Nurses watch to see if he can breathe OK while riding a bike . If he ca n't , it means more time in the hospital . David does fine on the bike , and his oxygen saturation level reaches 94 % around lunchtime . He 's discharged from the hospital . August 29-31 For the first two days back at home , David does inhaler treatments every four hours . He wheezes a bit , but he 's pretty much back to his old self -- energetic and playful . September 16 David has an appointment with his pediatrician , Dr. Betsy John . She gives him a clean bill of health . David 's journey with Enterovirus D68 is fairly typical , says Dr. Mary Anne Jackson , division director of infectious diseases at Children 's Mercy Hospital in Kansas City , Missouri . Many children , however , get sick even faster . David was ill for about two days before he had to be hospitalized , but many of Jackson 's patients have gone from healthy to severely ill in just a day , and they arrive at the hospital barely able to breathe . "  These kids were really struggling . Many ca n't even speak a sentence , " she says . "  It 's frightening . " Her advice : If D68 has made its way to your community , and your child has asthma , or even , like David , just a history of allergies or occasional breathing difficulties , call your pediatrician and ask if there 's anything you can do to protect your child .	Enterovirus D68 is sending children with breathing problems to the hospital David Nash fell ill in August with typical enterovirus symptoms The 3-year-old was hospitalized but has since recovered
CNN  -- The Navajo Nation will mark history Friday when it officially announces a $ 554 million settlement from the U.S. government , putting an end to years of litigation . The landmark agreement stems from a 2006 lawsuit in which the nation says the U.S. mismanaged trust fund assets dating back to 1946 . "  It 's monumental . This is the largest trust responsibility award from the United States in the history of Indian country . It will never completely redress the wrongs done to prior generations , but it 's going to allow some opportunities for future generations , " said Dana Bobroff , deputy attorney general for the nation . In May , an agreement was reached between members of the Navajo Nation , the U.S. Interior and Justice departments and the Bureau of Indian Affairs and will be sealed with a signing ceremony Friday at Window Rock Tribal Park in Arizona . Best places to experience Native American culture Acting U.S. Assistant Attorney General Sam Hirsch , who will attend Friday 's ceremony , said President Obama has long worked to strengthen ties between the United States and the Navajo Nation , adding that "  it reflects my personal commitment to resolving long-standing lawsuits rather than wasting the time and resources of both the United States and Indian tribes in contentious litigation . " According to the Department of Justice , the U.S. settled with 41 tribes for about $ 1 billion in April 2012 . Since then , the government has focused on resolving other trust accounting and mismanagement cases . Photographer shows what Native Americans really look like LoRenzo Bates , speaker pro tem for the Navajo Nation Council , says that "  this is not only a victory for the Navajo Nation in terms of being able to get through this , but it also sends a word out to any Indian country tribes that are in the same situation as the Navajo Nation . There is a solution to what they are having to deal with . " With over 300,000 members , the Navajo Nation is the largest Indian tribe in the U.S. . It has the largest reservation in the United States , spreading 27,000 square miles over Arizona , New Mexico and Utah , with an additional 14 million acres of trust land leased out to various agricultural endeavors . Reclaiming the Native American voice	The Navajo Nation says the U.S. mismanaged trust fund assets dating back to 1946 The landmark agreement stems from a 2006 lawsuit With over 300,000 members , the Navajo Nation is the largest Indian tribe in the U.S.
CNN  -- The driver of a Toyota Prius says he was taken on a wild ride Monday after the car 's accelerator became stuck , reaching speeds in excess of 90 mph on a winding , hilly portion of a southern California interstate . It took the California Highway Patrol to bring the car safely to a stop . The driver , Jim Sikes , said he was traveling east on Interstate 8 outside of the San Diego area when he attempted to pass a slower vehicle . "  I pushed the gas pedal to pass a car , and it just did something kind of funny ... and it just stuck there , " he said at a news conference outside a Highway Patrol office . "  As I was going , I was trying the brakes ... and it just kept speeding up . " Sikes said he called 911 for help , and dispatchers talked him through instructions on how he might be able to stop the car . But nothing worked . At one point , Sikes said he reached down to try to pull the accelerator up , but it "  stayed right where it was . " Alerted by emergency dispatchers , a California Highway Patrol officer was able to catch up to Sikes ' Prius and used the patrol car 's public address system to instruct Sikes to apply the brakes and the emergency brake at the same time . The tactic worked , and the car slowed to about 50 mph . Sikes said he was able to shut off the car , and it rolled to a stop . The responding officer , Todd Neibert , positioned his patrol car in front of the Prius as a precaution to prevent it from moving again . Toyota recently issued widespread recalls due to problems related to the accelerator pedal in several of its auto models . One theory behind the sticky accelerators is the vehicles ' floor mats . But Sikes said "  my mat was perfect . There was nothing wrong with my mat . " Sikes said he took his 2008 Prius into a local Toyota dealership about two weeks ago for service and gave workers there his recall notice . He said he was told his car was n't on the recall list . "  I 'll be back there tomorrow , " he said Monday , visibly shaken up . CHP spokesman Brian Pennings said the ordeal lasted just over 20 minutes . "  We are extremely thankful that there was a safe end to this , " Pennings said . A Toyota spokesman issued a statement Monday night saying the automaker had been notified of the incident . "  Toyota has dispatched a field technical specialist to San Diego to investigate the report and offer assistance , " the statement said .	"  I pushed the gas pedal ... and it just stuck there , " said Jim Sikes Sikes had to get help from the California Highway Patrol to stop his car A Toyota spokesman said the automaker had been notified of the incident
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- Robbie Moore and Matt Hastings have been together for six years . As a gay couple , they 've watched heterosexual members of their families celebrate their big days wondering if they will ever enjoy their own . But this week could herald the start of a new life for these two Tasmanians : Married life . In a bold move , the lower house of the Tasmanian Parliament will introduce the Same-Sex Marriage Bill co-sponsored by the ruling Labor party and the Greens . It is expected to easily pass . The more difficult proposition will be convincing the state 's Upper House of 15 -- 13 of whom are independents -- to buy the argument of Premier Lara Giddings , that the change will deliver a AUS$ 100 million  US$ 103 million  economic boost to the state in gay tourism . If the upper house ticks off on the bill , Tasmania will become the first state in Australia to legalize same sex marriage . And there 's every chance it will quickly be followed by South Australia , the Northern Territory and the Australian Capital Territory . If they succeed , they will join 11 nations where same sex marriage is now legal , including Argentina , Belgium , Canada , Spain and Norway , along with some U.S. states . New Zealand is also likely to pass same sex marriage laws . But as these historic changes blow across Australia , the prime minister , Julia Gillard , and her counterpart in opposition , Tony Abbott , insist marriage is a vow between a man and a woman . Rodney Croome begs to differ . He will be among those lining up to marry if the bill passes . "  The time for the proposal comes once the law is passed , " he told CNN . "  I would love to marry but I think it 's only right for me to propose that to the man I love once the law is passed . " The face of the gay rights lobby , which in 1997 defeated the Tasmanian law that made homosexuality a punishable crime , Croome is quietly confident as he acknowledges the challenges . For starters , there 's the prospect of a High Court challenge to the law , if it passes . "  Prime Minister Gillard has not ruled it out , " Croome said . "  This is important . Only the Commonwealth has the right to challenge a state law . Anyone else has to obtain standing before the High Court and to do that , they have to show a material disadvantage  as a result of the law  and it 's hard to see how anyone -- such as the Catholic Church or the Australian Christian lobby could show that , " he said . "  So if the Commonwealth says no , there may not be a challenge at all , " he added . Between the law passing and any High Court challenge , it 's anticipated thousands will marry . Croome estimates more than 50 % of Tasmania 's same sex couples will rush to the alter and many thousands will flock to Tasmania from other Australian states and territories to do the same . Moore , 30 and Hastings , 27 , both feel same sex marriage in Tasmania , at least , is inevitable . "  We have seen the changes happening in the last decade , " Moore , a union worker told CNN . "  Even just five years ago , you 'd cop it just walking down the streets . But now that people are more socially aware and there 's generational change , that paradigm is shifting so I do n't get anywhere near as much slack . In fact , I get encouragement , " he said . "  Having this issue in the media makes people think about it too , " said Hastings , a hairdresser . For both men , at the heart of the same sex marriage issue is the question of social equality and personal validation . "  I grew up in Burnie on the north-west coast of Tasmania , which was very homophobic and it 's been a long journey for me . And there are always the odd few people who are still narrow minded , " said Moore . "  This is one of the last things that discriminates against gay people , " added Hastings , referring to the Federal Marriage Act , which deems marriage as an act between a man and a woman . Neither man minds if the right to marry each other comes from the Tasmanian parliament rather than its Federal counterpart . Croome agrees . "  It 's equality in Tasmania , " he said . Many see it as paving the way for broader change . "  Some find it odd that it should proceed state by state but in every other federal nation around the world , the movement began at a state level -- Canada , the U.S. , Argentina , Brazil , " he said . "  So for Australia to begin at a state level is not an anomaly . " Public support for same sex marriage is patchy across Australia . But according to Croome , in Tasmania it is significant . "  It took years to reach this level of public support , " he said . "  Some say it 's to do with Tasmania 's convict past : that there were so many men cooped up for so long that the convict era came to be associated with homosexuality and so there was a shame associated with the convict past . " Whatever the cause of the shift in public thinking , Croome is convinced that if the bill passes into law , "  it will be an historic moment . " For Moore it would be a deeply personal affirmation to know that "  even in our own conscience , we are equal to others . " And for his partner , it would be the moment Australia comes of age , tipping its hat to equal rights for all Australian -- religious or otherwise . "  The important point in this debate is that some people are consumed with the church 's beliefs , " he said . "  But we live in a secular society . I grew up in a Catholic family , my mum still attends church and she 's a supporter of marriage equality , as are my godparents . " Whether via state by state stealth or an amendment to the Federal Marriage Act , as Rodney Croome puts it : "  There will be a lot of gay people who are married -- and they will remain married . " The Federal Parliament in the meantime is readying to vote on changes to the Marriage Act to allow same sex marriage . With only the ruling Labor party permitting its members a conscience vote , the chance of change is miniscule .	Tasmanian Parliament will introduce the Same-Sex Marriage Bill this week Tasmania could become the first state in Australia to legalize same sex marriage PM Julia Gillard , opposition leader Tony Abbott say marriage is vow between man and woman Robbie Moore and Matt Hastings have faced much prejudice but now hope to marry
CNN  -- It does n't happen very often that a marriage proposal is under police investigation . Now , Las Vegas police are investigating whether their department may have gone too far helping a rock star fulfill his romantic wedding proposal to his girlfriend by giving them a ride in a helicopter . Police confirmed to CNN that a fly-along took place last week , but did n't identify Daren Jay "  DJ " Ashba and his now-fiancée as the passengers . Ashba , a guitarist for Guns N ' Roses , posted a photo to Instagram this past weekend of himself and his girlfriend , Nathalia Henao , wearing headgear similar to what passengers would wear on a helicopter ride , telling followers : "  That was the most incredible day of our life !! Special thx to the Las Vegas Police Dept. for the most amazing helicopter private tour over Vegas ! " Las Vegas Metro Police told CNN in a statement Tuesday that an internal affairs investigation is under way "  into what we believe was an unauthorized and inappropriate fly along . " Several department employees will be interviewed and "  if the investigation determines that the fly-along was outside of policy the department members involved with face discipline , " the statement said , adding the police department is also reviewing its fly-along policy . Neither Ashba nor a rep for Guns N ' Roses immediately responded to CNN 's requests for comment Tuesday , and Ashba has since been mum on social media about the incident . In the past year , Las Vegas has made the news over looming budget cuts that could affect public safety . Las Vegas Metro Police warned in April that budget cuts could result in fewer police officers patrolling the streets , which prompted Clark County officials to propose a sales tax increase to pay for new officers . Nevada State Legislature passed the bill in May and it was signed into law by Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval days later . Clark County commissioners voted August 6 to put off a decision for further study until "  no date certain " in regards to raising the sales tax by 0.15 % to pay for police officers . County officials estimate the tax increase would generate an additional $ 56 million a year , with about $ 44 million going to the Las Vegas Metro Police Department . What 's with public marriage proposals ?	Guns N ' Roses guitarist posted Instagram photos with his now-fiancée He thanks Las Vegas police for an "  amazing helicopter private tour " Police look into what may have been an "  unauthorized " fly-along Looming cuts that could affect public safety have been a big issue in Vegas
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama on Wednesday unveiled a plan to create volunteer and service opportunities to help tackle some of the nation 's most pressing issues , part of his weeklong focus on patriotism and national service . Sen. Barack Obama is expected to say President Bush failed to urge Americans to serve their nation after 9/11 . "  This wo n't be a call issued in one speech or one program -- I want this to be a central cause of my presidency , " Obama said in a speech at the University of Colorado in Colorado Springs . "  We will ask Americans to serve . We will create new opportunities for Americans to serve . And we will direct that service to our most pressing national challenges . " He added , "  When you choose to serve -- whether it 's your nation , your community or simply your neighborhood -- you are connected to that fundamental American ideal that we want life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness not just for ourselves , but for all Americans . That 's why it 's called the American dream . " Obama highlighted his time as a community organizer on Chicago 's South Side and his stint heading Project Vote , a group that helped register 150,000 new African-American voters in the Illinois city , according to his campaign . "  I was n't just helping other people . Through service , I found a community that embraced me ; citizenship that was meaningful ; the direction I 'd been seeking . Through service , I discovered how my own improbable story fit into the larger story of America , " he said . The presumptive Democratic presidential nominee also touched on the "  spirit " of service witnessed after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks and take aim at the Bush administration 's failure to capitalize on this opportunity to call Americans to service . "  We were ready to step into the strong current of history and to answer a new call for our country . But the call never came , " he said . "  Instead of a call to service , we were asked to shop . ... Instead of leadership that called us to come together , we got patriotism defined as the property of one party and used as a political wedge ... we ended up going into a war that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged . " Obama also pressed the need to "  ease the burden on our troops , while meeting the challenges of the 21st century " -- a plan he hopes will increase ground forces by 65,000 soldiers and 27,000 Marines . According to Obama 's campaign , the service plan will include : Sen. John McCain also has touched on national service with a call to action on his campaign Web site . In a section entitled "  A Cause Greater Than Self , " the presumptive GOP nominee asks Americans to donate their time to relief efforts -- including helping out in the flood-ravaged areas of Iowa . See more on McCain 's plan There is also a list of suggested sites where people can volunteer .	Sen. Barack Obama calls on Americans to serve their country in a new plan "  I want this to be a central cause of my presidency , " Obama says Obama wants to expand AmeriCorps , double the size of the Peace Corps His proposal also calls on Americans to serve in the armed forces
CNN  -- Facebook just purchased a service for sharing your location with friends , according to a CNNMoney report . UPDATE 2:30 p.m. ET : Gowalla has confirmed in a blog post that its service will wind down by the end of January . So what does that mean to those of us who use Facebook or Gowalla ? If you 're a Gowalla user and love the service the way it is , it 's almost certainly bad news . When Facebook acquires a company , it rarely keeps the original product intact . Instead , it voraciously devours these smaller startups to get to the talented developers housed within . Beluga , a recent acquisition , is in the process of shutting down while Facebook works instead on Facebook Messages , a similar service . The initial report suggests this will be the case with Gowalla : Some of the Austin-based team will move to Palo Alto , California , to work at Facebook , while a few will stay behind in Austin . The move also technically means that Facebook owns the data you entered into Gowalla . I 'd bet against Facebook importing this information into your Facebook profile without your consent -- they 're likely aware that this would result in another privacy scare -- but I do think Facebook will provide time to export your Gowalla data if they do shut it down . Why is this a likely outcome ? Because it 's exactly what they 're doing with Beluga . Existing users can download an archive of their Beluga messages until mid-December . Who knows , they might even provide a way to add your Gowalla check-ins to your Facebook Timeline -- but only with consent . What about Facebook users ? Is anything likely to change ? One conclusion you could naturally jump to is that Facebook wants you to share your location more often -- and the Gowalla team will build features into Facebook to do so . This would be logical : Facebook already launched a product , Facebook Places , for doing just that -- but they later scaled it back and merged the features into your status updates . Maybe Facebook wants to take another shot ? To some extent , perhaps . My guess is that the integration wo n't be completely literal . I do n't foresee Facebook providing "  stamps " for checking in to certain locations , for instance . I do n't think it will generate city guides for major metropolitan areas , either . We know from the initial report that Gowalla employees will work on Timeline , Facebook 's new scrapbook-like layout , and I 'd guess that their skills will be used more generally , rather than working solely on location-based features . We also know that a source with knowledge of the deal thinks that there 's a broader similarity between the two companies . "  Gowalla 's vision is about people telling stories , and Facebook 's vision for Timeline is about stories about important moments in life , " said the source . So do n't expect Facebook to suddenly launch a wave of new location-based features . I think the fusion of the companies will be less visible than that . What does all this mean to you ? If you 're a Gowalla user and the deal is confirmed , you may want to switch services . I do n't think Gowalla will be around for much longer if this Facebook deal closes . If you 're a Facebook user , meanwhile , you probably wo n't feel a thing . Facebook just bought another group of talented developers and will continue to dominate the world of social networking for years to come . Your Facebook experience may even improve , thanks to the influx of talent into Facebook 's ranks . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Pete Cashmore .	If you 're a Gowalla lover , Facebook 's purchase is almost certainly bad news Facebook now owns any data you imported to Gowalla Initial report suggests Gowalla employees will work on Facebook 's Timeline feature
CNN  -- The U.S. diplomatic courtship with Iraq in the 1980s continued despite Saddam Hussein 's use of chemical weapons . Click on the links to read once-classified documents from the Reagan administration . Once-classified documents show the U.S. continued its courtship with Iraq despite use of chemical weapons . Date : December 5 , 1986 Subject : U.S.-Iraqi Relations : Picking Up the Pieces Summary : After disclosures that the United States was secretly providing weapons to Iraq 's enemy , Iran , Assistant Secretary of State Richard Murphy recommends strengthening commercial ties with Saddam Hussein because "  U.S.-Iraqi relations are in crisis . " Read the document  pdf Date : March 3 , 1988 Subject : Iraq 's Foreign Policy : Deeper into the Mainstream Summary : Anticipating an end to the Iran-Iraq war , a State Department official is optimistic that continued ties between the United States and Iraq will lead Saddam Hussein "  deeper into the mainstream . " The author concludes that "  fears of Iraq 's aggression seem exaggerated . " Two weeks later , Iraqi forces attack Kurdish civilians in Halabja with poisonous gas . Read the document  pdf Date : December 29 , 1988 Subject : Export-Import Financing for Iraq Summary : In the closing days of the Reagan administration , the State Department 's top human rights official argues that continued financial aid to Iraq "  can simply not be squared with our worldwide human rights policy . " However , Assistant Secretary of State Richard Murphy counters that U.S. financial ties with Iraq have "  far greater use with Baghdad as a carrot than as a stick . " A year and a half later , Iraq invades Kuwait . Read the document  pdf	Diplomatic courtship with Iraq continued despite use of chemical weapons Read once-classified documents from the Reagan administration Subjects include "  Export-Import Financing for Iraq " and "  Iraq 's Foreign Policy "
A woman who says a female teacher from middle school sexually abused her for years decided to confront the teacher -- and post video of the exchange on YouTube . Within hours , the educator resigned from her job at another school in California . Police launched an investigation . And the former student , who once felt powerless , now says she feels vindicated knowing the ex-teacher is no longer working with children . The video The former student , who calls herself "  Jamie , " said the abuse started when she was 12 years old . "  I am 28 years old and have been waiting years to get up enough courage to report a teacher for sexually abusing me for years , " Jamie 's caption on her YouTube video states . "  When I finally got up enough courage to report her , I found out that the statute of limitations was up and she will never have to pay for the things that she did to me . " So she decided to expose the teacher on the Internet . "  I decided I 'm going to call her to get some answers from her , " Jamie said to a camera in her home . After the woman identified as the teacher picked up the phone , Jamie asked , "  So what happens when a student comes in and says that they 're having  a  sexual relationship with a teacher ? " "  I would involve law enforcement , " the woman said . "  So how is that any different from what you did " years ago , Jamie said . "  It 's not , " the woman replied . "  Do you realize that you brainwashed me , and you manipulated me , and that what you did was wrong ? " Jamie asked . "  Yes . And I regret it , " the woman responded . "  You should be so ashamed and so disgusted with yourself , " Jamie said , raising her voice . "  I am . I am , " the woman said . 30 day sentence for teacher who raped his 14-year-old student Shortly after Jamie posted the video on YouTube , she sent the link to her former teacher . The educator resigned within hours , said Jamie 's attorney , David Ring . The teacher has not responded to CNN 's phone and e-mail requests for comment . Police have launched an investigation into the case , but the statute of limitations may be an issue , Riverside police Lt. Guy Toussaint said . It all depends on what the investigation reveals and what crimes may have occurred . At the Alhambra Unified School District , where Jamie said the teacher most recently worked , administrators received an electronic message Friday with a YouTube link incriminating the educator , said Superintendent Laura Tellez-Gagliano . Administrators called police immediately . The woman , identified by the school district as an Alhambra High School administrator , was interviewed the same day , and she "  tendered her resignation " at the end of the interview , Tellez-Gagliano said in a statement . No students from the Alhambra district have been identified as victims so far , and the "  Alhambra Police department will be handing this matter over to the jurisdiction of the appropriate police department , " the district said . "  This alleged action took place in another school district , without any report prior to her employment to the Alhambra Unified School District , " the superintendent said . The Alhambra Police Department said it notified Riverside police because the reported abuse allegedly took place in Riverside . "  At this time in the investigation , there have been no identified crimes involving the suspect that have occurred in Alhambra , " APD said in a statement . Former sixth-grade teacher admits sex with boy Why now ? Now that she 's a mother , Jamie said she wanted to make sure the teacher could n't work with children again . "  The reason why I wanted to do this was to expose her for what she really was and to protect other kids , because she should n't be around anyone 's kids , " Jamie told reporters Monday . "  It took a lot for me to come forward , but I kept thinking about my own kids , and how I would n't want anything to happen to them . " Jamie said the abuse took place ` off and on " between the ages of 12 and 18 . She said she did n't come forward as a teenager because the teacher had brainwashed her . Ex-L.A. teacher sentenced to 25 years in lewdness case "  She told me that my family did n't love me . She told me that nobody cared about me and that she was the only one that loved me and the only one that was there for me , " Jamie said . "  She made me believe that she was my only friend , and that I could trust her . " Jamie said she did n't want a physical relationship -- but that the teacher threatened her multiple times . "  She said that she would kill herself if I ever left . And I believed that , " Jamie said . Now , more than a decade after middle school , Jamie said she feels greater control in her life . "  In the beginning , I thought there was nothing that I could do . But after the outcome , obviously , there is something I can do . " Ex-PTA president accused of making child porn at elementary school	Teacher resigned after being interviewed , Alhambra schools chief says The woman , now 28 , says the teacher abused her between ages 12 and 18 "  I regret it , " the teacher states , according to the YouTube video Police are investigating , but the statute of limitations may be an issue
People of the Yazidi faith in northern Iraq face an impossible choice : Stay and risk being killed by Islamist insurgents , or flee across the barren desert , facing starvation and thirst . Its hard to imagine the suffering that minority Yazidis have endured in recent weeks as they 've fled from ISIS militants into remote , rugged , sparse mountains . "  With my own eyes , I saw dogs feeding off dead bodies , " one of those Yazidis , a man named Tariq , told CNN . "  It 's not a crisis . It 's a catastrophe . " Descendants of Kurds and followers of an ancient pre-Islamic religion , Yazidis are small in number with a big sense of community . Now some of them are under siege or under fire , targeted by ISIS for not succumbing to demands to convert to Islam or else . Others , like Tariq , have managed to find some refuge in recent days , though worries remain about finding the resources they need to survive . Wherever they are , whatever they are doing , Yazidis do n't feel safe or secure or free . They certainly are n't home . Yazidis trapped , hiding from ISIS in the mountains ` We had nothing ' The 33-year-old Tariq 's nightmare began in his home village of Tal Benat-Sinjar at 9 a.m. on August 3 . That 's when he and others started receiving calls from neighboring villages , telling them "  Daish , " the Arabic term for ISIS , was on their doorsteps . The choices were simple : Stay , convert to Islam , and become one with ISIS . Stay and risk death or imprisonment , as Tariq said he knew happened to a family of one man , three women and four children . Or run away , in hopes of finding some place they could live safely or , at least , freely away from ISIS ' grasp . More than 300 Yazidi families -- Tariq among them -- picked the third option . Their first refuge was the abandoned ruins of a tiny , old village that had been previously used for herding cattle and sheep and was next to a cement factory . An ISIS messenger caught up with them there to deliver an ultimatum : Convert by noon the next day or die . Tariq and his neighbors fled again , this time up Mount Sinjar . They followed a zig-zagging road five kilometers  three miles  up to the mountain 's desolate top . The hundreds of Yazidis , including many elderly and children , had each other . But not much else , having escaped with little more than the clothes on their backs and the bread in their hands . ISIS militants choked off any chance of restocking by surrounding the roads leading up to the mountain . "  At one point , 15 people shared 1.5 gallons of water , " Tariq recalled . "  We had nothing . " People drop to ground of hunger If ISIS fighters did n't kill the Yazidis , their siege did . Tariq 's 80-year-old father was among the dead , dying two days after being stranded on the mountaintop in the extreme heat without anything to eat or drink . He was n't alone . Tariq said he counted between 500 and 1,000 bodies , some of which went from cherished loved ones one moment to food for hungry dogs the next . "  I saw people dropping on the ground from being so tired on their empty stomachs , " he told CNN . Tariq , at least , is alive . Fighters with the Kurdistan Workers Party -- or PKK , which the U.S. State Department labels a terrorist group though they now share a common enemy in ISIS -- were able to break the siege so that he and other Yazidis could safely escape . The subsequent journey took them through parts of northern Iraq , across the border into Syria , then eventually back to Iraq . Their last stop -- for now -- is a village in Dhok province that Tariq characterized as being "  in the middle of nowhere . " Still , even if he 's safe for now , the danger has n't gone away . First off , ISIS has n't backed off . The U.S. military noted Saturday that the militants "  indiscriminately attacked " Yazidis near the SInjar Mountains , prompting American airstrikes . Officials : U.S. airstrikes pound ISIS Attacks are n't the only reasons Yazidis ' lives are at risk . Thousands of them do n't have the food or water they need , especially in Iraq 's scorching summer . "  There are more than 20,000 families still stranded on the mountain in more remote areas , " Tariq said . "  If no one gets them food or water in time , they will face death . "	Thousands of minority Yazidis have fled from ISIS into remote Iraqi mountains Islamic militants told them to convert to Islam , be imprisoned or die One Yazidi recalls fleeing ISIS in the heat of summer , without food or drink "  I saw dogs feeding off dead bodies , " he recalls
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Naked , bound and blindfolded , a crudely shot video shows a man being pushed to the ground by men wearing what appear to be military , camouflage fatigues . Sri Lanka 's military spokesman Brigadier Udaya Nanayakkara claims the video was staged . One of the men kicks the blindfolded man in the back . Another man raises a gun , points it at the back of the man 's head and pulls the trigger . A loud crack is heard ; the man slumps to the ground . Off-camera , someone can be heard saying in Sinhala , the majority language of Sri Lanka , "  I think he looked back . " The execution-style shooting is repeated with a second man , also bound and naked . Off-camera , a voice can be heard saying , "  This is like hitting midgets . " All the while someone is recording the scene , apparently with a cellphone camera . Panning across the open field , the camera reveals nine bodies , some lying in pools of blood . From the video alone , it 's impossible to tell who they were or who killed them . The video was obtained by Journalists for Democracy in Sri Lanka , an advocacy group based in Berlin , Germany , that accuses the Sri Lankan government of harassing and intimidating journalists . CNN could not independently verify the authenticity of the video nor could it determine when or where it was shot , but sources in Sri Lanka told CNN they believe it was shot in January as the army closed in on the remnants of the Tigers . Journalists for Democracy says it is evidence of atrocities committed during the final months of the 26-year conflict that became infamous for its merciless killing : the jungle warfare between the Sri Lankan army and the Tamil Tiger rebels . Each side has accused the other of atrocities , though evidence surfaced to support the claims has surfaced only rarely . A Sri Lankan official said the video proves nothing . Watch footage from the video " "  Sri Lankan soldiers never get involved in this kind of a situation , " Brigadier Udaya Nanayakkara told CNN . "  We are 100 percent sure it has nothing to do with Sri Lankan soldiers ; it is all created and staged . " Asked if he was saying the video was faked , he answered , "  This is all fake ... I feel it 's not an actual situation , it 's a created one . " The Sri Lankan High Commission  Embassy  in London issued a statement to CNN affiliate Channel 4 News , which first aired the video , saying that , "  in many instances in the past , various media institutions used doctored videos , photographs and documents to defame the Sri Lankan government and armed forces . " But Journalists for Democracy -- which would divulge neither how it obtained the video nor from where -- said the the men carrying out the executions are wearing Sri Lankan military uniforms . Independent observers were largely excluded from the conflict zone during the war in Sri Lanka . Even today access remains tightly restricted . Not everyone is buying the government 's assertion that it was not involved in the killings . "  The Sri Lankan government has had a pattern of lying during this conflict , " said Yolanda Foster , Amnesty International 's Sri Lankan expert . While the video 's authenticity can not be independently verified , the organization has received reports from survivors of the conflict that suggest war crimes were committed , she said . "  Given the restrictions given on the media , the fact that the government is not allowing people to freely interview the displaced who may be able to share accounts of what happened in the final months of the war , it is urgent that there is an independent investigation , " Foster said . That appears unlikely to occur any time soon . The government routinely rejects calls by human rights groups for independent investigations into its campaign against the Tigers . But Nanayakkara told CNN the government will try to find out who is trying to discredit the Sri Lankan government by releasing what it called a faked video . "  This is to tarnish the image of Sri Lanka , " he said .	Video obtained by Journalists for Democracy in Sri Lanka shows apparent atrocity Video shows men being shot by men wearing what appear to be military fatigues Sri Lankan official says gunmen in video not Sri Lankan army soldiers , video staged Reports from survivors of Sri Lanka conflict suggest war crimes were committed
CNN  -- My first investigation as a new Epidemic Intelligence Service  EIS  Officer with the Centers for Disease Control was of a large outbreak of measles , mostly among Hispanic children , many under a year old , and many who became infected when they visited hospital emergency departments for other reasons . I will never forget how nervous I was . I wanted to do a good job for those children , their families and everyone around them . These infants were too young to be vaccinated , and as a result they were particularly susceptible . So we vaccinated those around them to stop transmission . By 2000 , a decade after my EIS experience , measles transmission in the United States was declared to have been stopped . However , we still have occasional clusters of measles in pockets of unvaccinated children after measles has been brought into the United States from somewhere else in the world . Usually there are about 60 cases of measles in the United States in any given year . But this year we saw 175 reported cases in the first 11 months -- all ultimately linked to people who brought measles to the United States from abroad . Although most of us do n't realize it because it is so rare in our country , measles is a serious disease . Worldwide , on an average day , 430 children -- 18 every hour -- die from measles and its complications . Measles is so contagious that if one person has it , 9 of 10 people close to that person who are not immune will also become infected . Frieden : A nightmare health scenario we can stop Today 's interconnected world means we 're all linked by the air we breathe , the water we drink , and the food we eat . Global travel speeds the rate at which infectious disease threats such as measles can be delivered to our doorstep . Some think infectious diseases are no longer a problem in the industrialized world . But the fact is that infectious diseases continue to be with us . That 's why prevention is the key . The threat from measles would be far greater in the United States were it not for the development of the measles vaccine and its widespread use in childhood immunization programs around the world . This week we celebrate the 50th anniversary of its creation . Since 2001 , a global partnership that includes CDC has vaccinated more than 1 billion children . Over the past decade , these vaccinations have prevented more than 10 million deaths . The worldwide effort to prevent deaths from measles will leave behind an important global health infrastructure that will continue to make the world more secure . Improvements overseas , such as strengthening surveillance and lab systems , training disease detectives , and building facilities to investigate disease outbreaks , make the world -- and the United States -- safer and healthier . Measles is just a plane ride away . It can be brought here by U.S. travelers and visitors from other countries . We must continue to be vigilant about measles transmission here at home . Parents should protect their children by making sure they 've had two doses of measles vaccine . And all of us should make sure we 're up-to-date on vaccinations , particularly prior to overseas travel . These steps will protect the United States from measles until the world becomes measles-free . CDC Director : A disease outbreak anywhere is a risk everywhere The opinions expressed are solely those of Dr. Tom Frieden .	Measles was declared eradicated in the United States in 2000 We still continue to see cases stemming from overseas Measles is preventable through vaccination
CNN  -- Bipartisan legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate on Thursday that would authorize new economic sanctions on Iran if it breaches an interim agreement to limit its nuclear program or fails to strike a final accord terminating those ambitions . The proposal led by Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Robert Menendez , a New Jersey Democrat , and Mark Kirk , an Illinois Republican , emerged despite Obama administration appeals for Congress to defer pursuing new sanctions with diplomatic efforts ongoing . The White House said new sanctions would undermine those delicate efforts on the global stage and President Barack Obama would veto the legislation if Congress were to approve it now . A letter sent to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid from nine Democratic committee chairs said international talks over Iran 's nuclear program should continue without additional sanctions being imposed by Congress . "  We believe that new sanctions would play into the hands of those in Iran who are most eager to see the negotiations fail , " the letter states . But proponents of the plan that sprouted from bipartisan talks involving several lawmakers said the threat of stepped-up action could be a powerful lever against Iran 's nuclear interests and work toward more fruitful diplomacy . "  Current sanctions brought Iran to the negotiating table and a credible threat of future sanctions will require Iran to cooperate and act in good faith at the negotiating table , " Menendez said in a statement announcing the legislative effort . Rep. Peter King , a New York Republican , told CNN 's The Situation Room that he would support the sanctions . "  The fact is that if Iran is serious about the agreement , they should have no problem with the sanctions because these sanctions only kick in if they do n't comply with the agreement , " he said . "  Secondly , the President should want these sanctions as a weapon to hold over the Iranians , so I do n't see why the President is so opposed to these sanctions . " A six-month agreement struck in November among the United States , other world powers and Iran calls for Tehran to start limiting its nuclear activities in return for a relaxation of sanctions that have crippled its economy . Talks are under way on a permanent agreement , and the outcome is uncertain . But the Senate proposal would give Obama more than a year to engage in further diplomacy before any new sanctions would kick in against Iran 's oil exports and other key areas of its economy . Sanctions would hit sooner if Iran cheats on the interim deal or fails to reach a final accord . Lawmakers demand a permanent global agreement that results in "  termination of Iran 's nuclear weapons program " and prevents it from achieving such capability in the future . The Obama administration has said the centerpiece of its policy is for Iran to not achieve a nuclear weapon . The United States and other western powers believe Iran is attempting to build a bomb through uranium enrichment . But Tehran says its nuclear intentions are peaceful . The proposal has the support of more than a quarter of the Senate . The House approved a new Iran sanctions bill in July , well before the diplomatic effort yielded the interim agreement . CNN 's Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	Bipartisan proposal considers diplomatic effort under way around Iran nuclear issue Legislation would give President Barack Obama more time to pursue diplomacy Sanctions would kick in early if Iran violates current international nuclear deal The Obama administration does n't want sanctions bill ; threatens veto
Several Jamaican sprinters were banned for doping earlier this year and now a footballer from the Caribbean nation has been suspended . Jermaine Hue , a creative midfielder who has made more than 40 appearances for the national team , received a nine-month suspension after he tested positive for dexamethasone . But a stiffer penalty was given to the team doctor , Carlton Fraser . He was hit with a four-year punishment after "  having administered " the corticosteroid , FIFA said in a statement on its website . The two were provisionally banned in August after Hue tested positive following Jamaica 's World Cup qualifier at Honduras in June . Hue , 35 , has spent most of his career with Jamaica 's Harbour View but had brief stints with the Kansas City Wizards of the MLS and Sweden 's Mjallby . According to a report in the Jamaica Observer in August , Fraser was a personal friend of the late Bob Marley and also treated the reggae great . The sanctions are a further blow to the ` Reggae Boyz ' -- they sit last in their qualifying group with only two matches remaining . Former world-record holder in the 100 meters , Asafa Powell , and Sherone Simpson admitted to testing positive for banned substances in July , a month after double 200-meter Olympic gold medalist Veronica Campbell-Brown received a provisional ban .	Jamaican midfielder Jermaine Hue receives a nine-month ban for doping But the doctor who administered the substance was suspended for four years by FIFA Hue has made more than 40 appearances for the Jamaican national team Jamaica sits last in its World Cup qualifying group with only two matches remaining
CNN  -- Al Qaeda says its No. 3 man and commander of its operations in Afghanistan has died , according to a group that monitors Islamist websites . Al Qaeda announced the death of Mustafa Abu Yazid in a message posted on such websites Monday , the Maryland-based SITE Intelligence Group said . While the message did n't detail the circumstances of Yazid 's death , it did say his wife , three of his daughters , a granddaughter and others were killed , according to SITE . Yazid , an Egyptian national , had a "  more expansive portfolio " than previous No. 3 officials in the terror group , according to a U.S. official who asked that he not be named since he is not authorized to speak on the record . As al Qaeda 's CEO , he was important to al Qaeda 's finances and has been recently involved in the facilitation of terror plots , the U.S. official said . He was a founding member of the group and served on its leadership council , the official said . "  His leaving the scene is nothing short of significant , " the official said . His death is a near-term blow to al Qaeda as he was the chief conduit to leaders Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , the official said . Because of its degraded capabilities , al Qaeda has found itself in the position of needing to integrate its efforts with other extremist groups such as the Pakistani Taliban and the Afghan Taliban , the U.S. official said . Yazid helped forge relationships with those other extremist groups in Pakistan , Afghanistan and elsewhere , the official said . Yazid is believed to have been a co-founder of the terrorist group , according to SITE . A U.S. official speaking on condition of anonymity said the government has "  strong reason to believe " that Yazid was killed recently in Pakistan 's tribal areas . "  In terms of counterterrorism , this would be a big victory , " the official said , noting that Yazid was al Qaeda 's prime conduit to leader Osama bin Laden and his deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri . Yazid served prison time with al-Zawahiri for their involvement in the 1981 assassination of Egyptian President Anwar Sadat , the U.S. official said . U.S. intelligence officials said Yazid would brief would-be al Qaeda operatives who came from the United States for attacks abroad . In the past , Yazid has made numerous statements on jihadist websites and in video releases from al Qaeda 's media arm , al Sahab . Most recently , he announced that al Qaeda took responsibility for a December 30 attack on a base in eastern Afghanistan that killed seven CIA officers and consultants and a Jordanian army captain . He said the attack avenged the death of Baitullah Mehsud , leader of the Taliban in Pakistan who was killed in a missile strike in August , and al Qaeda operatives Saleh al-Somali and Abdullah al-Libi . IntelCenter , a think tank that tracks terrorist groups , said Yazid 's death was one of the most significant blows against al Qaeda in recent years . But IntelCenter added that al Qaeda knows losses are inevitable and plans for them . "  While the loss of al-Yazid will have an impact , the group will likely maintain its operational tempo in terms of attacks and other activities , " IntelCenter said in a statement . Yazid rose to the No. 3 position when Abu Laith al-Libbi was killed in 2008 , the U.S. official said . Previous al Qaeda No. 3 officials to die on the job in the last decade include : Mohamed Atef  killed in 2001  , Khalid Sheikh Mohammed  captured in 2003  , Abu Farraj al-Libbi  captured in 2005  and Hamza Rabia  killed in 2005  , the U.S. official said . CNN 's Nic Robertson in Kabul , Afghanistan , and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Al Qaeda message announces death of Mustafa Abu Yazid Group that monitors Islamist websites reports announcement Al Qaeda says Yazid was its No. 3 man and commander of operations in Afghanistan U.S. official says Yazid was al Qaeda 's CEO , handled finances
Editor 's note : Daria Roithmayr is a law professor at the University of Southern California , Gould School of Law , where she teaches on race and law . She worked for Sen. Edward Kennedy as special counsel on the Clarence Thomas and David Souter confirmation hearings . Guy-Uriel Charles is a law professor at Duke Law School where he is the founding director of the Center on Law , Race , and Politics . Daria Roithmayr says Sotomayor would add broader life experiences to the background of Supreme Court justices . No one was surprised when the subject of race dominated the public conversation during Sonia Sotomayor 's confirmation hearings . What was surprising was how unwilling both sides of the aisle were to talk about race openly . Republicans tried to argue that race should be completely separated from judicial decision-making . For their part , Democrats tried to minimize the importance of her race to her decision-making by focusing on her record , to show that her race had played no role in her decisions . Judge Sotomayor herself suggested that life experiences are an important part of the process of judging , but then sought to minimize the difference that those experiences might have made to a particular result . Most people understand that life experiences and racial identity do affect the decision-making process . But is this something to be lamented or celebrated ? We think the latter . In this , the not quite post-racial era of Obama , scholars are developing new understandings of the connection between race , life experience and decisions . Researchers such as Scott Page and James Surowiecki are telling us that varied life experiences and ethnicity can improve the result when a group makes decisions together . At the University of Michigan , Page uses mathematical models to show not only that people 's backgrounds make a difference in how they think , but far more importantly , that these differences are essential for good collective decision-making . As Page acknowledges , the relationship between life experience and decision-making is an empirical question -- a question of fact to be determined based on research . In some domains -- making decisions about the scope of anti-discrimination law or deciding on a health care policy -- we likely will see that broader life experience makes for better decisions . Surowiecki , who wrote "  The Wisdom of Crowds , " points out that a group will more often than not come to a better decision than the average individual , so long as the group includes a range of people with different life experiences and ways of looking at and solving problems . As Surowiecki notes , if the group has enough variation in the information that they bring to the table , their thought processes and their approach to solving problems , the group is more likely to come up with the right answer before an individual , even in some instances when the individual is an expert . The Constitution itself recognizes the importance of life experiences to legal decision-making . Defendants in the criminal process are entitled to a jury of their peers precisely because jurors bring to the process a collection of life experiences that will shape their understanding of the facts and the law . All-white juries are problematic in large part because we believe that the life experiences of jurors are an integral part of their collective judgment of innocence or guilt . We also are coming to understand that race is just one of several structural factors that affect a person 's life experiences and life chances , together with economic security , gender , class and geography . These days , the best thinking on race focuses less on racial symbolism and more on understanding how race affects a person 's life experiences and life chances -- her access to education , health care , economic and physical security , her experience with the criminal justice system , whether she grew up wealthy or in a public housing project . Thus , we understand that the arrest of Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. for disorderly conduct after he opened his jammed front door might be a signal of existing racism in law enforcement . But the better way to understand his arrest might be to acknowledge that whether one thinks this is the symbol of continued racism in law enforcement or an officer trying to do his job , in general , Gates ' race affects his life chances and life experiences . As an African-American , Gates runs a much greater chance of being arrested during his lifetime than does his white counterpart . We should also acknowledge the role that class plays in life chances -- Gates was able to summon with a simple phone call one of the best criminal lawyers in the country , an opportunity not available to most African Americans . Although we have not yet figured out the meaning of race in this supposedly post-racial era , we know that race still matters , even as we know that it does not matter in the same way that it used to . Democrats and Republicans should acknowledge that having a Latina on the bench will make a difference because it will improve the court 's collective decision-making . Wise men and women with different life experiences are more likely to reach a result that is better , that is wiser and that is more just . In that vein , Sotomayor 's life story -- in which a Puerto Rican girl from Bronxdale Houses grows up to attend Yale Law School and become a Supreme Court justice -- is a story that should matter to us all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daria Roithmayr and Guy-Uriel Charles .	Roithmayr , Charles : Race dominated the Senate hearing on Sotomayor They say research shows groups of diverse people make better decisions Having Sotomayor on court will widen life experiences of the justices , they say Roithmayr , Charles : We should strive for diversity of class , gender , geography
EW.com  -- In response to Netflix 's recently released list of the "  Top 10 Movie Rentals of All Time , " BitTorrent has release its own -- albeit utterly illegal -- list of the "  Top 10 Most Pirated Movies " of all time . The usual suspects were there , with "  Avatar "  21 million downloads  taking top  dis ?  honors , and "  The Dark Knight " tying for second place with "  Transformers " at 19 million downloads apiece . And , yes , of course there 's a "  Pirates of the Caribbean " installment on there . It 's only right . Still , there is surprisingly little overlap between the lists  only "  Inception " and "  The Departed "  . Apparently Netflix users favor Oscar bait while Internet thieves go for tentpole popcorn movies , with the Venn Diagram overlap between those two strangely being Leonardo DiCaprio . So what other movies made the list , and which were the most head scratch-inducing ? See the full list after the jump . 1 . Avatar  2009 2 . The Dark Knight  2008 3 . Transformers  2007 4 . Inception  2010 5 . The Hangover  2009 6 . Star Trek  2008 7 . Kick-Ass  2010 8 . The Departed  2006 9 . The Incredible Hulk  2008 10 . Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End  2007 CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Avatar "  21 million downloads  taking top  dis ?  honors "  The Dark Knight " tying for second place with "  Transformers " Still , there is surprisingly little overlap between the lists
His middle name was Riddle , and that 's what his whereabouts have been for the last 37 years . Maybe , the story went , Jimmy Hoffa was disposed of under the old Giants Stadium in New Jersey . Or perhaps he was buried in a Michigan horse farm . One colleague said his body had been incinerated . Still another theory was that he was taken to a Florida swamp as alligator food . Or , as one person said at the time of his disappearance , he was n't dead at all . He 'd taken off to South America in the company of a go-go dancer . To date , none of these theories have panned out . But wherever the truth may lie , one thing is for certain : Jimmy Hoffa -- former Teamsters leader , convicted felon , Kennedy enemy and alleged mobster cohort -- has n't been seen since July 30 , 1975 . On Friday , police again looked for the union boss , who was declared dead in 1982 , under the driveway of a house in Roseville , Michigan , just outside Detroit . A tipster told police that a body was buried at the spot around the same time the Teamsters head disappeared . Police found no "  discernible remains " in the search , police Chief James Berlin said . It 's a disappearance that has held on to the public 's imagination far longer than Hoffa was in power -- a testament both to Hoffa 's high profile and the power of mystery , says pop culture expert Robert Thompson of Syracuse University . "  In this world of enlightenment and science and blogs and the Internet , there are still a few mysteries , " he says , ticking off the Loch Ness monster and the questions surrounding the Kennedy assassination as other examples . Digging into the Hoffa legend ? A bad boy with a lingering legacy Indeed , Hoffa 's disappearance seems ready-made for such speculation . He was an incredibly influential figure , perhaps the most famous union leader of his time -- a time when labor presidents such as the United Auto Workers ' Walter Reuther and the AFL-CIO 's George Meany regularly commanded headlines . He maintained a base in Detroit , blue-collar home of the brawny auto industry . And he had a bad-boy aura , both for his pugnacious leadership and his alleged ties to organized crime . In fact , some Kennedy conspiracy theories tie Hoffa to the president 's assassination . Part of the Hoffa fascination certainly comes from the attention his disappearance earned at the time , says Thompson . But it 's the organized crime touch that gives the story a jolt of electricity . "  You get the voltage that comes from the media coverage that turned this into a myth , " he says , "  as well as  what it was he did , which is not only the stuff of news , but the stuff of ` The Sopranos ' and ` The Godfather . ' " There are also the circumstances leading up to his death . Two weeks before Hoffa 's disappearance in 1975 , federal investigators discovered that hundreds of millions of dollars had been stolen from the Teamsters ' largest pension fund , Time magazine points out in its list of the top 10 most famous disappearances . Hoffa was last seen at Machus Red Fox restaurant in suburban Detroit , ostensibly to meet with reputed Detroit Mafia street enforcer Anthony Giacalone and Anthony Provenzano , chief of a Teamsters local in New Jersey , who was later convicted in a murder case . Hoffa believed Giacalone had set up the meeting to help settle a feud between Hoffa and Provenzano , but Hoffa was the only one who showed up for the meeting , according to the FBI . Giacalone and Provenzano later told the FBI that no meeting had been scheduled . Both men have since died . The current tipster used to do business with a man who had ties to Giacalone . It 's no wonder that Hoffa has inspired several Hollywood films , including "  Blood Feud "  a 1983 TV movie about Hoffa , the Kennedys and gangsters that starred tough guy Robert Blake  , "  Hoffa "  a 1992 feature starring Jack Nicholson and written by David Mamet  and "  F.I.S.T. "  a 1978 film about a fictionalized Hoffa , starring Sylvester Stallone  . New chapter in the search Let missing union leaders lie ? The appeal of the unsolved mystery runs deep , of course . They 're the bread and butter of police procedurals : There 's a reason that such shows as "  CSI " and "  Bones " have had such long lives  never mind the enduring attraction of Sherlock Holmes , who 's also the subject of a new TV series  . Such mysteries also touch on our interest in the supernatural , whether it 's over religious icons , ghosts or visitors from outer space . And , like an audience pondering a well-executed magic trick , there 's something to be said for our inability to simply figure something out , despite having all the clues at our fingertips . "  For years now , we have had the sense that stuff is provable and solvable . Whenever anything defies that , it naturally becomes the stuff of extreme curiosity , " says Thompson . Of course , these stories tend to have an expiration date , and more than a generation after his disappearance , Hoffa 's may be nearing his . Before Hoffa , one of the most famous missing-persons cases was that of New York Supreme Court Justice Joseph Crater , who disappeared in 1930 -- like Hoffa , he was last seen in a restaurant -- and inspired years of speculation and pop culture references  "  Judge Crater , call your office " was a popular one-liner  . Though the Crater mystery has yet to be solved , few people are even aware of the judge anymore . Why should they be ? It was a lifetime ago . Besides , if the Hoffa mystery is solved , that fascination will likely be replaced by letdown . Sometimes it 's better -- at least for the sake of pop culture riffs -- to let missing union leaders lie . "  This idea that nobody knows what happened to Jimmy Hoffa represents something I think we need and hold on to , " says Thompson . "  The inability of the human mind to solve the Jimmy Hoffa disappearance story was actually important to our collective soul in a weird sort of way . " Hoffa case reopened , again	Former Teamsters leader Jimmy Hoffa has n't been seen since July 30 , 1975 Theories swarm around the whereabouts of him , or his body A new search has refueled our fascination and more theories
London  CNN  -- Queen Elizabeth 's jubilee tour strikes an historic note today , when the British monarch visits Northern Ireland on a trip it is hoped will mark a symbolic end to the decades-long conflict there . She 's been to the province almost every year over the last decade . But this visit is especially significant as it follows her tour of the Republic of Ireland last year . It was the first visit by a British head of state since Ireland 's independence , and at the time , British Prime Minister David Cameron described it as a game-changer . As head of state of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , the queen has a purely symbolic role . But her influence - after six decades on the throne - is palpable . And her ability to mark an historic turning point unquestioned . Despite the passing of 15 years since the signing of the Good Friday Agreement , resentment among Ireland 's Catholics - both North and South - has lingered over the wrongs committed during British rule . Queen arrives in Northern Ireland But the queen 's visit last year helped to heal some of those wounds . In Dublin she visited Croke Park , where British forces killed Irish civilians at a Gaelic football match in 1920 , on what became known as Bloody Sunday . At a state dinner the same day , there were gasps as she spoke in Gaelic . The Irish president was seen mouthing the word ` wow ' and commentators declared the speech historic . The queen managed subtly to set the tone of a visiting head of state as opposed to a ruling one . The image was powerful and cathartic for those still bitter towards Britain . "  It is a sad and regrettable reality that through history our islands have experienced more than their fair share of heartache , turbulence and loss , " she said . In Northern Ireland , the queen has the chance to make history again -- but this time it is personal . The queen 's cousin , Louis Mountbatten , was assassinated by the Provisional IRA  Irish Republican Army  in 1979 , using a bomb planted in his fishing boat . Three others died in the same explosion . The queen was devastated : Mountbatten had introduced her to his nephew , Prince Philip , during her teens ; the pair went on to marry and have four children . After decades of struggle , key Republicans in Northern Ireland are ready to have their symbolic moment of peace with the "  Queen of England , " as they call her . Sinn Fein has decided that Republican icon and Northern Ireland 's Deputy First Minister , Martin McGuinness , should shake hands with the queen in front of the cameras . McGuinness is a former IRA commander . What makes this simple handshake even more poignant is that the queen is not just representing the UK , she 's also representing the victims of the sectarian conflict . As someone who lost a loved one in an IRA attack , she is one herself . With a simple gesture , a victim and a former man of violence will put their personal feelings aside in the name of duty , and in the name of peace .	Britain 's Queen Elizabeth visiting Northern Ireland on jubilee tour During the trip she will meet -- and shake hands with -- former IRA figure Martin McGuinness Meeting a symbolic moment of peace between two sides of sectarian divide Queen 's cousin , Lord Louis Mountbatten , was assassinated by the IRA in 1979
CNN  -- Shain Gandee , one of the stars of the MTV reality show "  Buckwild , " has been found dead along with two other people in Kanawha County , West Virginia , authorities said Monday . "  This is a very sad and tragic event , " Kanawha County Commissioner Kent Carper said . "  We live in a very small community . Our thoughts and prayers are with the Gandee family . " Gandee , 21 , was found dead in a vehicle along with his uncle , David Dwight Gandee , 48 , and Donald Robert Myers , 27 , authorities said . ` Buckwild ' producer talks about the show "  Earlier this day after releasing information Shain Gandee was missing , the Kanawha County Sheriff 's Office received word of a disabled vehicle in a wooded area near Thaxton Hollow , Sissonville , Kanawha County WV , " said a statement from the Sheriff 's Office . "  Deputies and members of the Sissonville Volunteer Fire Department used all terrain vehicles to access that vehicle , a 1984 Ford Bronco belonging to the Gandee family . The vehicle was in a muddy area along a worn path . Inside were the bodies of three people . " In a subsequent release , the Sheriff 's Office said the vehicle was partially submerged in mud . It was uneven but upright ; its muffler was below the surface . Mud covered the lower part of the Bronco 's passenger side door , but the driver 's side , where the younger Gandee sat , was free , the Sheriff 's Office said . Gandee was happy with life before death He was one of the nine cast members of "  Buckwild . " The show follows a group of young adults trying to have fun in Sissonville , West Virginia , pulling stunts such as turning a dump truck into a swimming pool or just riding around the woods on their all-terrain vehicles . Gandee was billed as a former high school prom king who had done "  every job from coal mining to being a garbage man . " MTV released a statement about Gandee : "  We are shocked and saddened by the terrible news about Shain Gandee , and those involved in this tragic incident . We are waiting for more information but at this time , our main concern is for the Gandee family and their friends . Our thoughts and prayers are with them . Shain had a magnetic personality , with a passion for life that touched everyone he met and we will miss him dearly . " Some of Gandee 's castmates took to social media to express their feelings . "  RIP Shain Gandee , " cast member Ashley Whitt tweeted . "  You were the most amazing person I 've ever known . I know you will be watching over ... " "  This is the emptiest I 've ever felt , " Cara Parrish tweeted . "  Please pray for Dale and Loretta -LSB- Gandee 's parents -RSB- . " "  Buckwild " has been compared to MTV 's reality show "  Jersey Shore , " and on Monday , one of that show 's stars , Jenni "  JWoww " Farley , tweeted , "  That 's awful that shain passed ... He was just a baby . Rip . #Buckwild . " Officials said there were no signs of foul play . The causes of death are still under investigation . People we 've lost in 2013 : The lives they lived CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	NEW : Gandee was one of three people found dead inside a Ford Bronco NEW : The vehicle was partially submerged ; its muffler was covered in mud Authorities say there were no signs of foul play Gandee was a cast member of the reality show "  Buckwild "
Baghdad  CNN  -- Some 48 Syrians , most of them soldiers , and nine Iraqi soldiers were killed Monday in an attack near the western Iraqi town of Ar Rutbah , an official said , raising concerns that Syria 's civil war could spill over into Iraq . The Syrian soldiers ' convoy was ambushed by gunmen using roadside bombs and machine guns . "  From the beginning , we have warned that some militant groups want to move the conflict in Syria to Iraq , " said Ali al-Mussawi , adviser to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  Militant groups are very active on the border areas between Iraq and Syria . Some of these groups affiliate with al Qaeda in Iraq , " he added . Al-Mussawi said that many of the Syrians killed in the ambush had earlier received medical treatment in Iraq . They were wounded during a battle at the Yaarabiya-Rabia border crossing a few days ago . The point is called Rabia in Iraq ; Yaarabiya in Syria . According to security officials in Ramadi , Iraq , several Syrians were wounded in that battle between the Free Syrian Army and Syrian soldiers . Dozens of Syrian soldiers and officials took refuge in Iraq by surrendering to that country 's army on Friday after rebels took over the Yaarabiya post , the officials said . They added that the convoy had been headed from Rabia to the al-Waleed border crossing in Iraq 's Anbar province when it was attacked . The United Nations has estimated that about 70,000 people have been killed in Syria 's civil war , which began roughly two years ago . Just on Monday , at least 149 people were killed , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group . The deaths include 40 in and around Damascus , 35 in Raqqa province and 25 in Aleppo .	Most of the 48 Syrians were soldiers ; nine Iraqi soldiers were also killed Their convoy was ambushed by gunmen using roadside bombs and machine guns The violence raises concerns that Syria 's civil war could spill over into Iraq
CNN  -- The new nation of South Sudan plans to relocate its capital from the bustling main city of Juba to a smaller town in the north . Moving the capital to the town of Ramciel will provide more room for expansion , the government said in a news release on its website . It did not offer a time frame for the expansion , but said the planning ministry is initiating the process required to implement the resolution . Phone calls to the information minister for details went unanswered early Monday . Ramciel is in Lakes state , about 140 miles north of the current capital . South Sudan gained its independence from the north in July , officially breaking Africa 's largest nation into two . Despite South Sudan lagging behind in most development indices and lacking basic infrastructure , Juba has attracted investors from all over the world since the split .	Moving the capital to Ramciel will provide more room for expansion , the government says The current capital of Juba is the new nation 's main city
CNN  -- Andy Roddick cruised to victory in the Sony Ericsson Open on Sunday with a straight sets triumph over Tomas Berdych in the final in Miami . The sixth-seeded American -- who had not won a Masters title on the ATP Tour for four years -- fired 13 ace and did not face a single set point in a 7-5 6-4 win . Roddick finally finished opff his Czech opponent in one hour and 43 minutes to secure his 29th career title . Berdych had beaten top seed Roger Federer en ropute to the final , while Roddick dumped out Rafael Nadal in the semifinals . However , 16th seed Berdych never approached the form that saw him stun the world number one , as well as French Open finalist Robin Soderling . "  It 's great . I won my first ever match here and it 's nice to see it come full circle and I could n't be happier , " said 27-year-old Roddick in his courtside interview . "  Tomas had a great tournament and is always a guy you do n't want to see in your part of the draw . " Berdych added : "  Andy was really too strong so I would like to congratulate him . "  It 's been a great few weeks for him and a good two weeks for me so I 'm really looking forward to next week . "	Andy Roddick defeats Tomas Berdych in the final of the Sony Ericsson Open Roddick hammered down 13 aces as he eased to a 7-5 6-4 victory The victory saw Roddick claim his first ATP World Tour Masters title since 2006
CNN  A man charged with planning the deadly 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in India has been released on bail in Pakistan after years of detention , prompting sharp criticism from India . Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi , a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba , was released early Friday from a jail in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi , according to Yahya Mujahid , spokesman for Jamaat-ud-Dawa , a group with which Lakhvi is affiliated . Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009 , accused of masterminding the November 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in Mumbai , India 's most populous city . Lakhvi still faces trial in the case . But an anti-terrorism court granted Lakhvi bail last year , a decision the Pakistani government said it would challenge . That challenge lasted until Thursday , when the Lahore High Court ordered his release , CNN affiliate and Pakistani outlet GEO News reported . Lakhvi posted bail totaling 2 million Pakistani rupees  more than $ 19,000  , according to GEO News . India , Pakistan 's neighbor and rival , condemned Lakhvi 's bail release on Friday . The country contacted Pakistan 's foreign secretary to underline "  that this has reinforced the perception that Pakistan has a dual policy on dealing with terrorists , and those who have carried out attacks or are posing a threat to India are being dealt with differently , " said Syed Akbaruddin , a spokesman for India 's Ministry of External Affairs . The accusation that Pakistan might treat India differently highlights long-running tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbors , which have fought three wars against each other since their partition at the end of British colonial rule . Pakistan 's Foreign Office responded Friday by saying , "  It would not be proper to cast aspersions on Pakistan 's commitment to countering terrorism at a time when Pakistan has entered a critical stage of defeating the menace of terrorism . " The Foreign Office also blamed what it said was India 's delay in cooperating in the case , saying it "  weakened the prosecution . " In the Mumbai attacks , heavily armed men stormed landmark buildings around Mumbai , including luxury hotels , the city 's historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center . India executed the last surviving gunman from the attacks in 2012 . Other suspects were all killed during the series of attacks , which went on for three days . More about the Mumbai attacks CNN 's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report .	The terror attacks in India left more than 160 people dead A court granted the suspect bail last year
CNN  -- The Sultanate of Oman is a rarity in the diplomatic world : It enjoys "  cordial " relations with both the United States and Iran . And once again , it is closely involved in trying to help win the freedom of Americans held in Iran . In 2010 , Omani sources paid $ 500,000 bail to help win the release of American hiker Sarah Shourd , who with her fiancÃ © Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal was detained in 2009 after allegedly straying across an unmarked stretch of the Iran-Iraq border . The Omanis are now involved in brokering the release of Bauer and Fattal . Sultan Qaboos , who has ruled Oman for more than 40 years , has gone to great lengths to strike a balance in relations with Iran -- Oman 's neighbor across the Strait of Hormuz -- and his traditional allies in the west , especially the UK and U.S. . According to a U.S. diplomatic cable from December 2009 , the Omani foreign minister , Yusuf bin Alawi , offered to set up discreet talks between the United States and Iran . "  When thanked by the Ambassador for Oman 's ongoing advice to Iran to work with the West , YbA offered Oman as both an organizer and a venue for any meeting the U.S. would want with Iran - if kept quiet , " the cable said . Anything to avoid "  heated atmospherics , " in the words of another Omani official . The same cable showed that the Omanis are more relaxed than others in the Gulf about Iran 's nuclear ambitions , with bin Alawi telling the U.S. ambassador that "  even if Iran developed nuclear weapons , this action would not destabilize the region , a point vigorously countered by the Ambassador . " The open door to Tehran is part dictated by geographical necessity but also helps Oman follow a foreign policy independent of its giant neighbor , Saudi Arabia , the most powerful member of the Gulf Cooperation Council . Qatar has a similar approach , much to the annoyance of the Saudis . Theodore Karasik of the Institute of Near East and Gulf Military Analysis says that "  from the Omani point of view , they see the other GCC states as being ` over there ' behind the mountains ; we 're in front of the mountains . That separates them from the rest of what the GCC states are thinking . That 's why they feel that they can have a special relationship with Iran . " Oman is separated from other Gulf states by the long and largely impenetrable Al Hajar mountain range . At its northern end , the range gives way to the Persian Gulf and the narrow Strait of Hormuz , where the territory of Oman and Iran is just 18 miles apart . More than 15 million barrels of oil  40 % of the world 's total output  pass through the Strait every day , which makes it a security headache for both countries . They have a joint military commission dealing with security in the shipping lanes  which are mostly in Omani waters  and smuggling . Omani sources say smuggling gangs use fishing boats to traffic Afghan and Pakistani migrants , as well as weapons and drugs across the Strait from Iran to Oman . Not that Qaboos feels any ideological affinity with the Islamic regime across the water . A friend of the Shah of Iran 's , he is said to have been deeply troubled by the 1979 revolution . The sultan , who has no designated successor , is by all accounts an erudite figure equally at home in traditional Arab and modern Western society . One dispatch from 2008 prepared for a visiting U.S. envoy said , "  You will find the Sultan an engaging interlocutor . He is an intellectual whose interests range from sustainable agriculture to classical music . " He is also a pragmatist who has personally steered Oman 's foreign policy . As one U.S. diplomatic cable from the Embassy in Oman puts it , "  A common saying in the region is that Oman is a friend to all and the enemy of none . " Qaboos visited Iran in 2009  for the first time since 1974  , signing a number of agreements while urging Ayatollah Khamenei to engage in dialogue with the U.S. over Iran 's nuclear program and other disputes . A U.S. diplomatic cable from 2010 published by WikiLeaks described Oman 's perspective this way : "  Although they do not find the threat imminent , Iran is Oman 's number one strategic threat ; however , the GoO fundamentally believes the threat can be mitigated through careful management of the relationship . " One example of that management is the recent establishment of a joint Oman-Iran investment company . Given its proximity , Iran should be a natural trading partner for Oman , but it ca n't offer the help Oman needs in developing its mineral wealth and diversifying its economy . For those goals , Qaboos looks west . Oman has a free trade agreement with the U.S. , allowing American companies to establish businesses there . It also buys U.S. military hardware , such as F-16s . Even so , Omani authorities are careful not to antagonize public opinion by too close an association with the United States . The Omanis were quick to reject reports last year that they would host U.S. Patriot anti-missile batteries , with a senior official stressing that Oman "  does not allow its territory to be used to carry out any military operations against any country in the region . " Similarly , both in private and public , Oman has been highly critical of U.S. policy toward Israel , repeatedly appealing for Washington to exert greater pressure on Israel in negotiations with the Palestinians . One diplomat in the region likens Oman 's role to that of the Swiss or Swedes elsewhere : avoid making enemies but avoid entangling alliances .	Sultanate has "  cordial " relations with U.S. , Iran Omani sources helped win the release of Sarah Shourd last year Omanis want to avoid "  heated atmospherics , " official says Sultan said to be at home in both traditional Arab , modern Western society
Health.com  -- It sounds like something out of a sci-fi movie : A patient visits a doctor 's office and , after a brief surgical procedure , walks away with a microchip under her skin that delivers medication in precisely timed and measured doses . That scenario does n't seem so futuristic anymore . Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology  MIT  announced today that they have successfully completed the first trial of a drug-releasing microchip in humans . The results were published on the website of the journal Science Translational Medicine . The pacemaker-sized microchip devices , which were implanted near the waistline of seven 60-something women in Denmark , worked as intended , releasing up to 19 daily doses of an osteoporosis drug that ordinarily requires injections . The implants proved safe , and tests revealed that they delivered the medication as effectively as once-a-day shots . Health.com : How to fight osteoporosis The devices wo n't be ready for mainstream use for at least another four years . But the researchers say the technology will ultimately enable people who take injectable drugs for conditions such as multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis to swap their needles for microchips . Other drugs that could potentially be delivered in this manner include chemotherapy , fertility hormones , and vaccines , they say . "  It 's almost like ` Star Trek , ' but now it 's coming to life , " says study coauthor Robert Langer , Jr. , Sc.D. , an institute professor at MIT 's Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research , in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Langer , a chemical engineer , came up with the idea for the drug-delivery device about 15 years ago , while watching a TV show on how microchips are made in the computer industry . Langer and his colleagues at MIT worked on the idea throughout the 1990s , and published the first paper on their research in 1999 . That same year , Langer cofounded a privately held company , MicroCHIPS , Inc. , to license the technology from MIT and commercialize the device . Health.com : Injecting yourself 101 Here 's how it works : Microchips containing tiny reservoirs of concentrated , freeze-dried medication are secured to the surface of a titanium housing , which also contains a wireless transmitter that communicates with a small portable computer . A surgeon implants the device via a one-inch incision , in an outpatient procedure requiring local anesthesia only . Each reservoir on the microchip holds a single dose of medication and is sealed by a thin metal membrane . When instructed by the computer , the implant sends an electrical current through a membrane and melts it , allowing body fluids to flow into the reservoir and the powdered drug to diffuse into the body .  The melted metal resolidifies on the chip and is not released . In the recently completed trial , the microchips were loaded with Forteo  teriparatide  , a drug used to build bone mass in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis . The study participants carried the implants for a total of 103 days , and received medication on 20 of those days . Overall , the devices successfully released 94 % of the doses as planned . Health.com : 11 foods for healthy bones One implant malfunctioned due to a faulty microchip circuit , but the researchers caught the problem thanks to the wireless transmitter , says Robert Farra , the president and CEO of MicroCHIPS . "  The on-board diagnostics allowed us to identify right away ... that the drug could not be released , " Farra says . "  There were no safety concerns to the patient and we decided not to include -LSB- her -RSB- in the study , as our study objective was on safety and efficacy . " The study participants were reportedly untroubled by the device . "  They found the implants pretty much acceptable , " Farra says . "  They could not feel the device once it was implanted , and they all indicated they would be willing to repeat the procedure . " The fact that several of the women said they forgot about the implant once their incision healed is a "  good sign , " says John T. Watson , Ph.D. , a professor of bioengineering at the University of California , San Diego . Watson adds , however , that the microchip system may not be for everyone . The quality of life of people who take injectable medications "  varies very broadly , " says Watson , who coauthored an editorial accompanying the study . "  Some people say ' I just do n't want an incision ' -- so they could opt out easily and elect another approach . On the other hand , there would be some people who would say ' I want this ' because -LSB- they -RSB- want it to be forgettable , sort of like a pacemaker . " Health.com : Prescription drugs that lead double lives More research and fine-tuning will be needed before the device can even be tested in full-fledged clinical trials , Watson says . The researchers need to establish that it 's durable and reliable , for instance . Langer and his colleagues say their implants could be used for brief stretches of 30 to 90 days  to administer pain medication after an injury , say  , or for periods of up to a year . "  We think 365 doses is very manageable with the design that we 're working on , " says Farra , noting that MicroCHIPS is currently developing a one-year Forteo implant . S. Louis Bridges , M.D. , the director of clinical immunology and rheumatology at the University of Alabama at Birmingham , in Alabama , says microchip devices could be a boon for people -- such as rheumatoid arthritis patients -- who require regular injections or intravenous infusions . Health.com : Alternative therapies for rheumatoid arthritis "  Patients tend to do OK , but there are some that absolutely hate -LSB- injections -RSB- , " Bridges says . Some patients complain that the medicine burns , and some experience so-called injection site reactions in which the surrounding skin becomes red and swollen , he explains . Patient comfort and convenience are n't the only potential benefits of microchips , Farra says . The automatic dosing ensures that people receive the medication exactly as prescribed , so doctors and patients do n't have to worry about skipped or inconsistent doses , he says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Researchers at MIT completed first trial of drug-releasing microchip in human patients Pacemaker-sized microchip devices were implanted in seven 60-something women Osteoporosis drug were delivered as effectively as once-a-day shots
CNN  -- Barcelona may be licking their wounds after a 2-0 European Champions League defeat to AC Milan but on Thursday they received a boost that star midfielder Xavi described as "  the best news of the year . " Eric Abidal , who has spent nearly a year out of the game after having a liver transplant , has been declared fit enough to rejoin Barca 's first team squad . It is positive news for Barcelona whose manager Tito Vilanova is currently in New York receiving treatment for throat cancer . The French defender last played for Barca on February 26 last year and underwent surgery in April . He also had a tumor removed in March 2011 . Abidal spent two months on a specific training program designed by club physio Emili Ricart before training with the rest of the squad from the middle of December . But now he is back in contention for a first team place . A statement on Barca 's official website read : "  Following training Eric Abidal received the wonderful news that he is in good enough condition to play for the first team in what remains of the current season . " The club 's players were delighted the 33-year-old had completed his recovery . Xavi , who has spent his entire career at the Spanish giants told the website : "  It 's the best news of the year . "  It 's not a great day coming back after a 2-0 defeat , but seeing Abidal , how he trains and gives it everything and that he 's now able to return to playing is a source of motivation . It 's the best news we could have had . " Club captain Carles Puyol took to social networking site Twitter to say : "  Today is the best news for Barcelonistas and football . Abidal has already been discharged . With him we are stronger . " Barca suffered just their second defeat in 22 matches when they went down 2-0 to Milan in the first leg at the San Siro . The club are striving for their fifth title in European football 's most prestigious competition . The second leg at the Nou Camp is on March 12 .	Barcelona 's Eric Abidal is given the all clear to play again for Barcelona French defender has been out for nearly a year after a liver transplant Barca midfieler Xavi says Abidal 's return is "  the best news of the year "
CNN  -- In a shaky videotape released Tuesday , the couple who kidnapped Jaycee Lee Dugard can be heard discussing how to operate their new camera as they zoom in to capture images of children in a playground . In another , taken some years later , Phillip Garrido accompanies a parole agent who is searching their home as his wife , Nancy Garrido , films the search , mere yards from the outbuildings where Dugard is hidden . The videotapes were released Tuesday by the El Dorado County , California , district attorney 's office in response to media inquiries under open-records laws , and "  to highlight the gravity and severity of the mistakes made " by law enforcement in the 18 years the Garridos held Dugard captive , during which time she gave birth to two children by Phillip Garrido . Dugard and her children do not appear in the videos released Tuesday . Dugard was just 11 years old when she was abducted in 1991 from the street in front of her South Lake Tahoe , California , home by Phillip Garrido , a convicted sex offender who had served 11 years for rape . Despite the fact that as a parolee he was regularly visited by police , he and his wife held Dugard and her daughters in a hidden compound of sheds and tarpaulins until 2009 . Last month , a judge sentenced Phillip Garrido , 60 , to 431 years in prison after he pleaded guilty to one count of kidnapping and 12 counts of sexual assault . Nancy Garrido , 55 , got 36 years to life in prison for her role in the crimes , including kidnapping and one count of rape by force . The couple had pleaded guilty in late April in El Dorado Superior Court . A statement from Dugard , read by her mother at the sentencing hearing , called the Garridos "  evil " and described her kidnapping by them as a "  sexual perversion . " In a statement accompanying the release of the videos , the DA 's office said it had decided to reveal "  certain details of this horrific case " at the request of Dugard 's family "  in hopes of improving the supervision and detection of sexual predators . " In one of the three videotapes , taken sometime between 1989 and 1993 , the Garridos can be heard talking in low tones about how the autofocus and other features of the camera work . Meanwhile , the jostled camera catches fleeting images of children playing in a playground some yards away -- then settles on a small girl playing in the sand as older girls gambol on a tire swing . Then , Phillip Garrido stands against a tree , and begins playing the guitar and singing while the camera pans to either side , pushing his face to the margins and centering on the children in the background . "  You got me real good ? " he asks at one point while barely on camera . "  Yeah , " she responds , "  I can see you really good . " Another brief and inept video , apparently taken from a car in which the Garridos are sitting , shows a girl getting onto a bicycle and people in a parking lot . The camera zooms in on the legs . Nancy Garrido appears onscreen briefly , affecting a grin . The third clip , taken between 2000 and 2007 , was taken by Nancy Garrido during a parole agent 's search of their home in Antioch , California . As the agent goes from room to room , Phillip Garrido has little to say to his queries . But Nancy Garrido does , and raises some non sequiturs of her own . "  What does a parole agent do for his parolees ? " she asks at one point . "  Ma'am , you can come to the office and we 'll discuss that at an appropriate time , " the parole agent responds . "  Right now I 'm doing a search , and I 'd really -- uh , if you 'll stay in this front room , then I do n't have to place you in restraints . " The agent 's face is blurred in the video clip , and a portion where his name is mentioned is edited out . The images of children 's faces also are blurred . CNN 's Cameron Tankersley contributed to this report .	Videotapes taken by Phillip and Nancy Garrido were released by prosecutors Tuesday DA 's office : Release is part of an effort to improve "  detection of sexual predators " One clip shows children in playground as Phillip Garrido plays a guitar and sings In another , a parole agent searches house , some years before Dugard was found
CNN  -- Belarusian human rights activist Ales Bialiatski was convicted in Minsk of tax evasion Thursday and sentenced to 4Â 1/2 years in prison , with all his assets confiscated , Human Rights Watch said . The successful prosecution of Bialiatski , head of Viasna Human Rights Center , was condemned by Human Rights Watch and the Lithuanian foreign minister , who 's also the current chairman of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe  OSCE  . "  Ales Bialiatski 's conviction is a disgraceful example of abusing the courts for political ends , " Hugh Williamson , Europe and Central Asia director at Human Rights Watch , said in a statement . "  If you scratch just below the surface , the trial had next to nothing to do with tax evasion and everything to do with the Belarusian government trying to silence someone who for many years dared to help victims of abuse . " Lithuanian Foreign Minister Audronius Azubalis said the conviction showed that Belarus is repudiating Western standards and added he would nominate the human rights defender for the Nobel Peace Prize , according to the nongovernmental , Moscow-based Interfax news agency . "  This is an obvious sign that the Belarusian regime has turned its back on Europe and the entire Western democratic world and chosen other standards , tested by Eastern autocracies , " said Azubalis , according to Interfax . Viasna Human Rights Center , established in Minsk in 1996 in the wake of opposition protests , has more recently been working on behalf of political prisoners and their families in Belarus following government crackdowns last December , Human Rights Watch said . Belarusian authorities withdrew the group 's registration in 2003 and have n't granted it since , the rights group said . Human Rights Watch urged the Belarusian appellate court to overturn the conviction . A judge found Bialiatski guilty of large-scale tax evasion on his personal income , Human Rights Watch said . Defense attorneys said Bialiatski used the money from his accounts in Lithuania and Poland to support his human rights group -- not for personal income , the group said . The Belarusian secret service , the KGB , received an anonymous letter in October 2010 alleging that Bialiatski was concealing income and receiving foreign aid to finance "  radical opposition , " which initiated the investigation , Human Rights Watch said . Lithuanian and Polish authorities gave Bialiatski 's bank information to the Belarusian government , but they have since publicly apologized and suspended bilateral legal assistance treaties with Belarus , the group said . A Human Rights Watch court monitor found that the prosecution 's case rested mainly on how Bialiatski maintained personal accounts in Lithuania and Poland , which he allegedly concealed from the Belarusian authorities , the rights group said . Details of Bialiatski 's accounts from Lithuania and Poland were in the form of uncertified copies of bank printouts , even though Belarus law requires certified copies as legally admissible evidence , Human Rights Watch said . CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	Belarusian human rights activist Ales Bialiatski is sentenced to more than 4 years in prison The Lithuanian foreign minister condemns his conviction Bialiatski is convicted of large-scale tax evasion Human Rights Watch urges the appellate court to overturn the conviction
