SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- The "  Mona Lisa " has long been shrouded in mystery , including one long-standing question about the famous lady : What happened to her eyebrows and eyelashes ? A French engineer and inventor examined the famous painting with a camera of his own design . Now , a French engineer and inventor says he 's uncovered part of the enigma . Pascal Cotte announced at a press conference Wednesday that he has found definitive proof that when Leonardo da Vinci painted the original portrait he included "  Mona Lisa 's " lashes and brows . Cotte examined the world 's most famous painting using a high-definition camera of his own design . The device scanned a 240-million pixel image using 13 light spectrums , including ultra-violet and infrared . The resulting ultra-high resolution photograph of 150,000 dots per inch yielded a reproduction of the "  Mona Lisa 's " face magnified 24 times . And there Cotte found the evidence he sought -- a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow . Watch as expert announces findings on "  Mona Lisa " " "  One day I say , if I can find only one hair , only one hair of the eyebrow , I will have definitively the proof that originally Leonardo da Vinci had painted eyelash and eyebrow , " said Cotte . So , if she once had lashes , where did they go ? Possibly faded pigment , Cotte suggested , or possibly a poor attempt to clean the painting . "  And if you look closely at the eye of ` Mona Lisa ' you can clearly see that the cracks around the eye have slightly disappeared , and that may be explained that one day a curator or restorer cleaned the eye , and cleaning the eye , removed , probably removed the eyelashes and eyebrow , " he said . Cotte 's high resolution camera led him to numerous additional discoveries about the enigmatic artwork . The infrared layer of the image shows that the fingers of the "  Mona Lisa 's " left hand were originally painted in a slightly different position than in the final portrait . Cotte said the change in position was the result of a lap blanket held by Leonardo 's model . In today 's faded image the blanket is all but obscured , but the highly detailed camera detected the faded pigment . "  It was really the first time that we have this kind of position of the arm , " Cotte said , "  and after Leonardo da Vinci , thousands of painters have made a copy of this position but without understanding why we have this position . The real justification of the position of the wrist is to hold the blanket on her stomach . It 's really a great , for me , it 's really a great discovery . " One of the results of Cotte 's work is a "  virtual " restoration of the painting , an exact replica showing the original colors as they would have looked when the painting was new . The skin tones of Leonardo 's model appear as a warm pink and the sky behind her is a glowing blue , far different from the gray-green tint that covers the artwork today . That dark patina is the result of 500 years of aging , according to Cotte . Cotte presented numerous other findings within the infrared layer he photographed . The researcher said the "  Mona Lisa 's " smile was originally slightly wider than it appears today , and , in fact , so was her entire face . Leonardo kept this painting with him for more than a decade , and is said to have worked on it up until his death . The Renaissance artist once said , "  Art is never finished , only abandoned . " The results of Cotte 's study are on display at the Metreon in San Francisco , as part of the exhibit "  Da Vinci : An Exhibition of Genius . " E-mail to a friend	Scan yields a reproduction of the ` Mona Lisa 's ' face magnified 24 times Image reveals a single brushstroke of a single hair above the left brow Engineer suggests faded pigment could explain lack of lashes and brows A poor attempt to clean the painting could also have erased the features
CNN  -- Two Iraqi men , who were living in Kentucky , were slapped with long prison sentences this week after being convicted of a series of charges involving a plot to help al Qaeda . "  These two former Iraqi insurgents participated in terrorist activities overseas and attempted to continue providing material support to terrorists while they lived here in the United States , " said Assistant Attorney General for National Security Lisa Monaco . "  Both men are being held accountable . " Mohanad Shareef Hammadi and Waad Ramadan Alwan were arrested last August in Bowling Green , Kentucky , in a terror-related sting operation . After arriving in the United States , the men were monitored by federal authorities . The men told an FBI undercover agent they wanted to provide weapons and explosives to al Qaeda in Iraq , court documents said . In 2010 and early 2011 , Hammadi and Alwan provided sniper rifles , C4 plastic explosives , and two Stinger missiles to a truck they believed would be shipped to al Qaeda in Iraq . Authorities say none of the weapons were ever shipped and remained under control of the FBI . Hammadi pleaded guilty in August to 12 counts , including four counts of aiding al Qaeda in Iraq , authorities said . Alwan pleaded guilty to 23 counts in December , including plotting to kill Americans overseas , the Justice Department said . Alwan , 31 , was sentenced to 40 years in federal prison . Hammadi , 25 , got a life sentence , the Justice Department said . "  These are experienced terrorists who willingly and enthusiastically participated in what they believed were insurgent support operations designed to harm American soldiers in Iraq , " stated U.S. Attorney David Hale . "  Bringing these men to justice is the result of a comprehensive law enforcement effort . "	One man got a life sentence The other man is sentenced to 40 years The men tried to send weapons to al Qaeda
CNN  -- It 's been a year of up and down form for Rory McIlroy , but could major championship winning consistency finally be on the horizon ? The Northern Irishman stretched his overnight lead at the British Open at Hoylake Friday with a majestic second round of 66 -- matching his score Thursday -- to finish the day on 12-under-par . Despite starting with a bogey at the first , McIlroy recovered to sink seven birdies and comfortably leads the way from America 's Dustin Johnson who lies four shots back in second place at 8-under-par . A chasing group featuring Francesco Molinari , Ryan Moore , Rickie Fowler , Sergio Garcia and Louis Oosthuizen are all tied for third at 6-under-par . It was almost a disastrous day for Tiger Woods , however , as the three-time Open champion carded a round of 77 to end the day at 2-over-par and only just make the cut . After an opening round of 69 , Woods was only three shots off the pace going into Friday but dropped like a stone on an often windy but sun-kissed afternoon on England 's northwest coast . In truth , Woods exhibited the kind of frustrating yo-yo form between first and second rounds that has inhibited McIlroy over the past months . Just last week , McIlroy backed up an opening round of 64 with a 78 to slip off the way off the pace at the Scottish Open . There were to be no such worries Friday , however . There was even a moment of light relief when a pheasant wandered across the eighth as McIlroy prepared to putt . "  I just wanted to stick to my gameplan , " McIlroy told BBC Sport upon reaching the clubhouse . "  I had a shaky start with a bogey at the start but settled in and just played really well . " Looking towards Saturday and the stormy weather that is forecast for the early morning , McIlroy added that he hopes his major championship experience will stand him in good stead . "  Depending on what weather we get , I 'm looking forward to it . I 've been in this position before and enjoyed it and I 'll try to enjoy it again , " he said . McIlroy will have to watch out for the red-hot Johnson whose impressive 65 , which included seven birdies , was the lowest score of the day . The 30-year-old South Carolinian has yet to win a major but revealed he was relishing the challenge at Hoylake . "  I 'm glad I 'm in the last group and playing with Rory , " Johnson said . "  But I 've got to go out and play my game . I ca n't worry about what he is doing . I 'll just go out there and try to shoot a good number . " Further back , Francesco Molinari will also fancy his chances if he can replicate the shot-making he displayed on the back nine after a tough start while Sergio Garcia is still in with a shot of claiming his illusive first major . "  I played some really good golf on the back nine and I 'm happy with what I did , " Molinari said . "  I usually keep an eye on the leaderboard but it 's still tough conditions out there . You need to be 100 % focused on what you 're doing . " Despite a brutal of round that saw him record two double bogeys , Woods struck a similarly optimistic tone in conversation with reporters . He even highlighted the dramatic victory of Paul Lawrie at the 1999 Open at Muirfield as his inspiration for the weekend . "  I had some opportunities but I never made anything . I had myself in good position to make birdies but I never did . "  Hopefully I can do something like Paul did in 1999 , make up 10 in one day . " Elsewhere on the course , there was no luck for big hitters Ernie Els , Bubba Watson and Lee Westwood who all missed the cut .	Rory McIlroy extends lead at British Open after second round of 66 Northern Irishman leads by four shots going into weekend Tiger Woods falls down the leaderboard and only just makes cut
Washington  CNN  -- No employees of NBC will face criminal charges over the display of a high-capacity ammunition magazine on a "  Meet the Press " program in violation of local law in Washington , prosecutors told the network on Friday . The capital city 's attorney general , Irvin Nathan , said in a letter to NBC there would be no charges , but added that it was "  a very close decision . " Nathan also said "  there is no doubt of the gravity of the illegal conduct in this matter , especially in a city and a nation that have been plagued by carnage from gun violence . " The letter also confirmed the 30-round magazine displayed by show host David Gregory on December 23 was empty . At the time , Gregory was interviewing Wayne LaPierre of the National Rifle Association , a strong opponent of new gun control proposals . Nathan said the network used the magazine with the "  purpose of informing an ongoing public debate about firearms policy " not long after the school shooting massacre in Newtown , Connecticut . Even an empty magazine violates city law . Conviction carries a possible sentence of up to a year in jail as well as a possible fine of up to $ 1,000 . A police spokeswoman said that NBC asked before the program whether it would be legal to show a high capacity magazine on air and was told no . An official with the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives told CNN he consulted with city police after receiving a similar request from NBC and was told an empty magazine would not be a problem . The official passed the information to NBC , but later learned there was a "  miscommunication " with police and that showing an empty magazine would , indeed , violate the law . The official said he did not give NBC permission to use a magazine . In his letter , Nathan referred to "  feeble and unsatisfactory efforts " made by NBC to find out what it could legally do . "  Although there appears to have been some misinformation provided initially , NBC was clearly and timely advised by a  Metropolitan Police Department  employee that its plans to exhibit on the broadcast a high capacity magazine would violate D.C. law , and there was no contrary advice from any federal official , " Nathan said . He added that any uncertainty about the law was unjustified . "  Meet the Press " issued an e-mailed statement following Nathan 's decision . "  We displayed the empty magazine solely for journalistic purposes to help illustrate an important issue for our viewers , " the show said . "  We accept the District of Columbia Attorney General 's admonishment , respect his decision and will have no further comment on this matter . "	` Meet the Press ' host displayed empty high-capacity ammo clip on air DC prosecutor said city law violated , but no charges will be filed NBC 's efforts to determine what it could do legally were unsatisfactory , prosecutor says Show followed school shooting massacre in Newtown , Connecticut
CNN  -- The player tumbles to the ground , writhing around as if he has been mortally wounded . Television replays , however , show that his opponent has made no contact at all . It 's an ever-increasing sight on football grounds around the world , and -- in the English Premier League , at least -- it 's becoming an increasingly emotive issue . Santi Cazorla was labeled a "  con artist " after his theatricals earned Arsenal a match-turning penalty kick in a game against West Brom on Saturday . Earlier this season , Liverpool 's Luis Suarez was the subject of countless negative headlines as he went to ground in the penalty area , and Tottenham 's Gareth Bale has been booked four times for diving -- double that of any other EPL player . The scourge of trying to win free-kicks , and especially penalties , in such a way has long been a thorn in football 's side , with fans often outraged by what they see as sporting fraud . CNN 's very own Arsenal fanatic Piers Morgan took to Twitter to decry Cazorla 's actions , saying he was "  ashamed to see an Arsenal player cheat so badly . " One man who has also never been short of opinions on the subject of cheating is former World Anti-Doping Agency chairman Dick Pound . The Canadian lawyer presided over WADA from its inception in 1999 until 2007 , a year when cycling 's governing body tried to sue him for critical comments about its former chief Hein Verbruggen . Pound had earned the wrath of Union Cycliste Internationale for saying it could do more to target doping , but his words were comprehensively borne out years later by the U.S. Anti Doping Agency 's report into Lance Armstrong , in which everyday items such as butter  apparently short-hand for the hormone EPO  and olive oil  the vehicle for absorbing testosterone  took on very different meanings . Pound believes there are five main reasons why athletes resort to performance-enhancing drugs -- considered by most sports fans to be the worst form of cheating . "  There are reasons but then there are also excuses , " he told CNN . "  1 . A desire to win at all costs -- even if that means lying . 2 . For financial reasons -- with professionals trying to extend a career . 3 . National pressures -- as exemplified by the old East German system . 4 . Individual pressure from coaches -- who get paid better if they coach winners , and that can apply for administrations too . 5 . Finally , they dope because they believe they will not get caught -- they believe they are invincible . " On the latter point , the sad truth is that many do successfully beat the drug testers , as did Armstrong and his former U.S. Postal teammate George Hincapie , who confessed all in a plea bargain in October . ` Leveling the playing field ' "  Early in my professional career , it became clear to me that , given the widespread use of performance-enhancing drugs by cyclists at the top of the profession , it was not possible to compete at the highest level without them , " said Hincapie , who decided to end his 18-year top-level career . His account tallies with the view of Ellis Cashmore , a professor of culture , media and sport at Staffordshire University in England who has conducted research into the use of drugs in sport . "  I do n't think there 's a conscious motivation when people dope to gain an unfair advantage . My strong belief is that they are trying to level the playing field , knowing that there are so many others doping that they will be disadvantaged if they do n't , " says Cashmore , whose low opinion of drug testers and high hopes for healthier athletes makes him that rarity -- a public advocate for the use of drugs in sports . "  I wo n't divulge names but one sprinter , who doped with impunity , told me : ` For several years , I was coming fourth or fifth despite training as hard as I could . Yet I knew that the people beating me were n't training as hard nor did they have the same athletic capacity . ' " So the sprinter doped -- with the "  leveling the playing field " argument used by many sportsmen , including Ben Johnson 's coach Charlie Francis , who said the disgraced Canadian was left with no alternative given the riddled nature of athletics at the time he was winning , then losing , the 1988 Olympic 100 meters final . The plunge into drugs is also tempting because it tends to lead to ever-increasing fortunes , with better performances leading to better results and hence greater earnings . "  If you use drugs , it 's because you want a shortcut -- a shortcut to everything , " says South African athlete Hezekiel Sepeng , a silver medalist at the 1996 Olympics whose career ended in controversy when he tested positive for an anabolic steroid . "  Once you start winning , sponsors will be attracted and then money will come . It is an easy way to make money . Some athletes will dope for four to five years without being caught and will make a lot of money in that time , " the former 800m specialist , now 38 , told CNN . "  The big problem in South Africa is that our sportsmen compare themselves internationally . They are young , they 've heard about doping and their mind tells them that they need drugs to beat the rest -- it 's all about meeting goals and people wanting quick money . " Pre-USADA , Armstrong had amassed a $ 70 million fortune according to Forbes magazine , while fellow American Marion Jones had several multimillion-dollar sponsorship deals before the sprinter 's drug admission prompted her supersonic fall from grace . ` Sophisticated skulduggery ' At the other end of the scale , lying to earn more money is rampant in African football , where countless "  promising " players have concocted false -- and younger -- ages in a bid to appear more enticing to any potential Western suitors  and thus secure a way out of poverty  . This year Somalia was thrown out of the 2013 African Under-17 Championship qualifiers , while Niger was disqualified from the 2009 tournament for fielding a 22-year-old and its host Nigeria dropped several of its squad following age tests . While that might seem an almost understandable form of cheating , the infamous actions of Soviet pentathlete Boris Onishchenko at the 1976 Olympics are anything but . The three-time Soviet world champion employed sophisticated skulduggery as he rewired his epee so that it would score points when it did not deserve to , as he tried to turn the silver medal he had won four years previously into gold . His "  desire to win at all costs " earned him the nickname "  Dis-Onishchenko " -- though little was heard of him after the Montreal Games . It is unclear whether Onischenko had acted with the help of the Soviet team , a subject that had great relevance at the time given the ideological battles -- and sporting subterfuge -- of the Cold War . Onischenko aside , the 1976 Olympics were also notable for the second-place finish in the medal table achieved by East Germany . A country of just 16 million , it was one of the dominant powers in sports such as swimming and track in the 1970s and early '80s -- which was later explained by the state-sponsored doping system that was uncovered after the fall of the Berlin Wall . Many athletes were unwittingly doped , with British newspaper The Guardian reporting in 2005 that an estimated 800 later suffered serious health issues . The most public face of the scandal was Heidi Krieger , a female shot-putter who was given so many steroids that she later opted to have a sex change and is today known as Andreas . While East Germany 's rulers felt sporting glory suitably reflected the successes of their political ideology , so prompting their top-down approach , soccer star Diego Maradona did it the other way -- waging war , quite literally , single-handed . After his "  Hand of God " goal in the 1986 World Cup helped Argentina beat England , one of football 's all-time greats justified his deception by referencing his country 's unhappiness over the 1982 Falklands War . Argentina lay claim to the islands , which it calls Las Malvinas , over which the British have sovereignty . As clearly seen , the pressure to succeed often takes sportsmen and women into unexpected territory . We are often told that tiny factors make the difference in top-level sports , yet the measures used to gain them are often anything but insignificant . Examples abound -- but how many can prove the point better than Nelson Piquet Jr. 's intentional crash in the 2008 Singapore Grand Prix , following team orders , which enabled Renault teammate Fernando Alonso to win the race after the safety car came out ? With F1 teams spying on one another , boxers loading their gloves with weights , marathoners crossing the finishing line without running the distance , rugby players using fake blood capsules to feign injury  and so enable a team substitution  and Spain 's 2000 Paralympic basketball gold medalists later stripped of their title after nearly all their team were revealed to have no disability , arguably the very concept of "  sport " has been defeated . There may even be a measure of sympathy for the international sports bureaucracy -- the men and women running global sport 's governing bodies . They would seem to need a full-time investigation unit to weed out all the ingenious methods being used to cheat . With that in mind , is it any wonder that FIFA -- as it tackles the debilitating threat of organized match-fixing in soccer -- has enlisted the help of worldwide police agency Interpol in recent years ?	Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla 's theatrics reignite debate about diving in football Former anti-doping chief gives five reasons why athletes choose to cheat World 's major sports organizations face major battle to combat sporting fraud
CNN  -- A Wisconsin man who stumbled across and alerted authorities to a young girl investigators say was kept in a basement , starved and sexually abused , said Tuesday she looked much younger than her 15 years -- "  like she just came from Auschwitz . " Mike Vega of Madison was on his way home from buying milk at the store when he saw what looked to be a girl , "  8 or 9 years old , " he said , outside , wearing pajamas but no shoes . Temperatures were below freezing . "  I thought that was odd ... So I put the car in reverse and rolled down the window and asked her if she was OK . She said no , she needed help , " Vega told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . He described picking the girl up , putting her in his car , wrapping her feet in a coat and blasting the heat . "  Her eyes were set back like she was very dehydrated . You could see the bones in her arm ... The only way I could best describe it is she looked like she just came from Auschwitz , " said Vega . Auschwitz was a concentration camp in Poland operated by the Nazis during World War II . They began to talk . Soon into the conversation , he stepped outside the car , telling the girl he needed to call a friend . He dialed 911 . The girl 's 18-year-old stepbrother has since been charged with three felony sexual abuse counts . Her 40-year-old father and 42-year-old stepmother have been charged with child abuse and recklessly endangering a child , both felonies , as well as a misdemeanor count of child neglect . CNN 's policy is to withhold the names of victims of allegations of sexual abuse and those of their family members . "  Mr. Vega was in the right place , at the right time , and did the right thing , " said Madison Police Chief Noble Wray . Efforts are under way to establish a fund for the victim , who is being "  well cared for , " he added . The teenager weighed only 70 pounds when Vega found her on February 6 , according to a Madison police report , more than 30 pounds below what the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention lists as the median for her age . A doctor who examined her described her as a victim of "  serial child torture with prolonged exposure to definite starvation , " the report states . According to a criminal complaint , investigators learned the girl was kept in the basement of her home with little food and no bathroom . She ran away because she was afraid and upset with her stepmother , who controlled her movements and told her when she could use the bathroom and eat , the complaint reads . It states the girl has gained more than 17 pounds this month , even though doctors have restricted her intake because "  she is gorging so much that she has been throwing up . " When the girl was taken to a hospital , her father "  provided medical explanations for her physical condition , " the police report reads . But a hospital social worker raised doubts about his account , and investigators learned the girl had been the subject of a prior abuse claim in 2007 . The girl did not back up the third-party allegation at that time , and the family did not cooperate with investigators , according to the report .	The 15-year-old weighed 70 pounds when found ; she has since gained 17 The passer-by says the girl looked like "  she just came from Auschwitz " The girl 's stepbrother has been charged with sexual abuse Her father and stepmother have been jailed on child neglect charges
CNN  -- Most of us have a favorite toy from childhood that still has the power to make us smile , whether it 's a Barbie doll , a Micro Machine or the board game Operation . What makes them memorable is the subject of a new book , "  Toy Time ! From Hula Hoops to He-Man to Hungry Hungry Hippos , " a collection of some of the most beloved toys of the 20th century . Author Christopher Byrne crowd-sourced the compilation from readers of the popular website TimetoPlayMag.com and came up with more than 100 beloved toys . The book includes not just the most popular choices , such as Big Wheels and the Etch a Sketch , but also those that prompted the most compelling memories , serving as "  a catalyst for the imagination , " Byrne said . Most of our favorite toys came into our lives when we were developing our identity and figuring out the world , he said . Some , like the rampaging dinosaur King Zor  1962  , have faded from the cultural landscape , while others , like View-Master and Nok Hockey  which both hit the mass market in the 1940s  , have been passed down through generations . The toys that stick with us are those that allowed us to explore new worlds and create experiences . "  Ultimately , play is something that happens in the imagination , " said Byrne , content director of TimetoPlayMag.com . "  What makes each Barbie doll unique is how a little girl creates and projects her sense of self and her fantasies onto that piece of plastic . " Other toys create strong memories simply because of their nostalgic appeal . "  Some , just by looking at them , reflect the design sensibility of the time , becoming almost works of art , " he said . "  We identify with them in the cultural context of their time . " So , how can you tell if a toy will be a hit for your child ? When it comes to gift-giving for children , the most important rule of thumb is to know who you 're shopping for , Byrne said . "  The hot toys are only hot if they 're hot for your child , " he said . "  The toys that become memorable are the ones that connect with our interests . "	New book "  Toy Time " looks back at memorable toys of the 20th century The crowd-sourced list includes toys such as View-Master and Nok Hockey More recent selections include POGS and Trolls
On the surface , Facebook 's $ 2 billion purchase of Oculus VR , which develops virtual-reality technology , does n't make a lot of sense . Facebook is a social network . Oculus makes gear that enhances video gaming . How is this awkward marriage going to work ? Maybe it wo n't : Facebook moms and Millennial gamers are an uneasy mix . Then again , this may be a savvy bet by Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg on the long-term future of how we communicate . Either way , there 's a lot of confusion surrounding this deal . So let us break down what Oculus VR does and why Facebook wanted it so badly . What is Oculus VR ? Based in Irvine , California , Oculus  rhymes with "  octopus , " sort of  is a young company founded by Palmer Luckey , who designed its core product -- the Oculus Rift headset -- as a 20-year-old engineer at the University of Southern California . In the hopes of raising $ 250,000 to make a few hundred headsets for diehard enthusiasts , Luckey launched a Kickstarter project in 2012 . He hit that goal in four hours and within a month had raised nearly $ 2.5 million . Early prototypes of the Oculus Rift soon drew raves at tech conferences . Gaming legend John Carmack , the lead programmer of pioneering games like "  Doom " and "  Quake , " came aboard last year as Oculus ' chief technology officer . And both CNN and Time honored the Rift in 2013 as one of the top inventions of the year . Developer versions of the headsets began rolling out to Kickstarter backers and others last spring . A consumer version is expected sometime later this year . How does the Oculus Rift work ? The headset , which looks like something a skier or scuba diver might wear , fits snugly over the wearer 's face and is paired with headphones . A high-definition 3-D display immerses you in an interactive world -- a medieval village , a tropical jungle , a jet 's cockpit -- which you navigate with the help of a game controller . The goggles come packed with an extra-wide field of view , accelerometer , gyroscope and compass to track the position of your head and sync the visuals to the direction where you are looking . This technology has allowed Oculus to improve on the sometimes jerky visuals of other virtual-reality systems . Those who have demoed the headset say it feels so real they have flinched involuntarily at perceived dangers . Reviewers have been wildly enthusiastic , inspiring such breathless headlines as "  Mere Words Ca n't Do Justice To How Awesome The New Oculus Rift Gaming Headset Is " and "  I Wore the New Oculus Rift and I Never Want to Look at Real Life Again . " Why did Facebook buy the company ? This is the big question . Given the potential demand for the Oculus Rift when it hits the market , Facebook may view Oculus purely as a new stream of revenue . Some observers suggest the purchase is an attempt to inject some futuristic cool into an aging social-media company that 's falling out of favor with young users . By buying Oculus , Facebook also is betting that the next tech wave could be ruled by wearable devices -- a similar path being trod by Google , with its Glass eyewear , and Samsung , with its Galaxy Gear smartwatch . "  After games , we 're going to make Oculus a platform for many other experiences , " said Zuckerberg in a post announcing the purchase . "  Imagine enjoying a courtside seat at a game , studying in a classroom of students and teachers all over the world or consulting with a doctor face-to-face -- just by putting on goggles in your home . "  This is really a new communication platform . By feeling truly present , you can share unbounded spaces and experiences with the people in your life . Imagine sharing not just moments with your friends online , but entire experiences and adventures . " The Oculus Rift , however , remains an immersive but isolating experience -- it 's not clear how Facebook would integrate social functions into a Rift game , or whether users would even want that . How might Facebook use Oculus ? Oculus believes that over the next 10 years , virtual reality will become ubiquitous and affordable . Future technology could potentially allow two Oculus wearers to interact with each other in a virtual world -- like Skype on steroids . "  You start to realize how big this could be if you can see someone else , and you can actually look at them and your brain believes they 're right in front of you , not through a screen , " Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe told reporters in a conference call , as reported by Fortune . So , yes , the Oculus Rift might be a real-world step toward the "  Star Trek " Holodeck , a chamber which can simulate any environment . Instead of messaging your old college pals through Facebook , why not meet them for a virtual hike through the Grand Canyon ? "  You get the goosebumps , " Iribe continued . "  You see how big this could be , and how social it is , and the impact it could have on other industries . " Still , however , some observers remain skeptical . "  The real question is : Does Mark Zuckerberg actually believe that Facebook 's aging user base is going to be enthusiastic about the notion of a virtual social experience ? " wrote Eric Mack for Forbes . "  While I 'm sure that Facebook would love to integrate virtual reality gaming and chats with doctors on the other side of the world into its platform , " Mack added , "  could part of the calculus also be to hedge against the day that the era of the social network as we know it becomes totally played out ? " Facebook 's top 10 purchases	The company 's virtual-reality headset , the Oculus Rift , has gotten raves from reviewers Mark Zuckerberg sees the Rift as a "  new communication platform " Oculus CEO : "  You start to realize how big this could be "
Mexico City  CNN  -- Authorities in the northern Mexican state of Sonora have arrested eight people accused of killing two boys and one woman as human sacrifices for Santa Muerte -- the saint of death -- officials said Friday . The victims , two of whom were age 10 , were killed and their blood was offered at an altar to the saint , according to Jose Larrinaga , spokesman for state prosecutors . The accused were asking the saint , who is generally portrayed as a skeleton dressed in a long robe and carrying a scythe , for protection , he said . Santa Muerte is a favorite among criminals and the country 's drug traffickers . The saint , though not recognized by the Catholic Church , has taken off in popularity in recent years . Details of the case were laid out in a statement from the Sonora State Investigative Police  PEI  , which described the cult as a "  Satanic sect . " The first of the three victims was allegedly killed in 2009 ; the last this month . Their bodies were found in the small mining community of Nacozari de Garcia , some 155 miles  250 kilometers  north of Hermosillo , the state capital . Many of the accused belong to the same family and one is just 15 years old , the PEI said . Authorities said they began looking into the case when one of the victim 's families reported him missing . "  Nothing like this has ever happened before in the state of Sonora . And it 's not something we 're going to allow , " said Guillermo Padres Elias , state governor . CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	The victims were allegedly offered as sacrifices to Santa Muerte -- the saint of death Their bodies were found in the small mining community of Nacozari de Garcia "  It 's not something we 're going to allow , " says the state governor
CNN  -- A former "  Manson family " member who stabbed actress Sharon Tate to death more than 40 years ago and is now terminally ill faces her 13th parole hearing on Wednesday . Susan Atkins , shown here after her indictment in the Manson murders , has a parole hearing Wednesday . Susan Atkins , 61 , has terminal brain cancer . As of earlier this year , she was paralyzed over 85 percent of her body and could not sit up in bed or be moved into a wheelchair , according to a Web site maintained by her husband and attorney , James Whitehouse . However , despite her declining health and an impressive prison record , Whitehouse wrote , "  there is still a very real chance the Parole Board will nonetheless insist her release would be a danger to society . " The hearing will be held at the Central California Women 's Facility at Chowchilla , California , said Terry Thornton , spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation . Atkins was moved to the Chowchilla facility from the California Institution for Women at Frontera last year because of her illness . Watch Linda Kasabian describe the murders " "  Last we heard , she is expected to attend , " Thornton said Tuesday of Atkins . The proceeding is scheduled to be held in a hearing room , but depending on Atkins ' condition , it could be held at her bedside , Thornton said . The panel is expected to render its decision following the hearing after deliberating behind closed doors , she said . Atkins -- California 's longest-serving female inmate -- has been denied parole 12 times previously , Thornton said . She was 21 when she and other followers of Charles Manson participated in a two-night rampage that left seven people dead and terrorized the city of Los Angeles in August 1969 . She and the others -- Manson , Leslie Van Houten , Patricia Krenwinkel and Charles "  Tex " Watson -- were initially sentenced to death in the slayings of five people , including Tate , and two additional deaths the following night . Their sentences were automatically commuted to life in prison when the Supreme Court struck down the nation 's death penalty laws in 1972 . By her own admission , Atkins held Tate down as she pleaded for mercy , and stabbed the actress , who was eight months pregnant , 16 times . In a 1993 parole board hearing , Atkins said Tate "  asked me to let her baby live . ... I told her I did n't have any mercy on her . " After killing Tate , according to historical accounts of the murders , Atkins scrawled the word "  pig " in blood on the door of the home Tate shared with her husband , director Roman Polanski . Polanski was not home at the time , but three of Tate 's houseguests were also slain by the killers , as was a teenager who was visiting the home 's caretaker in his nearby cottage . If the panel decides to grant Atkins parole -- called a "  tentative suitability finding " -- the decision is subject to a 120-day review process by the California Board of Parole Hearings , Thornton said . If it still stands , the matter then goes to the governor 's office . The governor 's options include allowing the decision to stand , actively approving it , modifying it or reversing it , according to the Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation 's Web site . However , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has previously opposed Atkins ' request for compassionate release -- a request made by terminally ill patients wishing to be released before death . The Board of Parole Hearings unanimously denied that request in July 2008 . It was also opposed by Debra Tate , Sharon Tate 's sister . If parole is not granted , another hearing will be set in three , five , seven , 10 or 15 years , at the discretion of the panel , Thornton said . Atkins has been described as a model prisoner who has accepted responsibility for her role in the slayings and now shuns Manson . But Debra Tate told CNN in an e-mail in March she does not believe any Manson family member convicted of murder should ever be set free , saying the slayings were "  so vicious , so inhumane , so depraved , that there is no turning back . " "  The ` Manson Family ' murderers are sociopaths , and from that , they can never be rehabilitated , " Debra Tate said . "  They should all stay right where they are -- in prison -- until they die . There will never be true justice for my sister Sharon and the other victims of the ` Manson Family . ' Keeping the murderers in prison is the least we , as a society who values justice , can do . " In a manuscript posted on her Web site , Atkins , who was known within the Manson family as Sadie Mae Glutz , wrote that "  this is the past I have to live with , and I have to live with it every day . " "  Unlike the reader , or the people who seem to think Charles Manson was cool , I ca n't think about it for an hour or so and then go on with my life . Just like the families and friends of the victims , this is with me every day . I have to wake up every day with this and no matter what I do for the rest of my life and no matter how much I give back to the community I will never be able to replace what my crime took away . And that 's not ` neat , ' and that 's not ` cool . ' " Atkins ' brain cancer was diagnosed in March 2008 , Whitehouse wrote on his Web site . On May 15 , doctors predicted she would live less than six months . But she passed that deadline , he wrote , and celebrated her 21st wedding anniversary on December 7 .	Susan Atkins has admitted she stabbed pregnant actress Sharon Tate to death She has been denied parole on 12 previous occasions Atkins has terminal brain cancer and just months to live She was denied compassionate release in July 2008
CNN  -- An eastern Pennsylvania police chief who went on profanity-laced video rants against those who disagreed with him on gun laws has been suspended for 30 days without pay . The punishment was n't for his diatribe though . The borough council in the coal town of Gilberton said that police Chief Mark Kessler used "  borough property for non-borough purposes without prior borough permission " when he made the video where he 's seen shooting semiautomatic and automatic weapons . Thousands of gun-rights activists descended on the town of 750 for the meeting , openly sporting firearms , CNN affiliate WPMT reported . "  I make no apologies and I have no regrets , " a defiant Kessler told the council after its 5-1 vote , according to CNN affiliate WFMZ . He added he would be back "  30 days from tonight . " Soon afterward , Kessler posted a statement on his website saying that Mayor Mary Lou Hannon and two council members -- Eric Boxer and Daniel Malloy -- "  are conspiring behind closed doors for full termination . " "  They needed to suspend first to allow themselves time to look for or make up any reason or lie , " he said . Then , he added in all uppercase letters : "  HEY BOXER , MALLOY , HANNON , YOU 'RE COWARDS , YOU 'RE HACKS , YOU PRETEND TO UPHOLD THE CONSTITUTION , YOU SICKEN ME ! " For her part , Mayor Hannon said the police chief has her backing . "  He has the right to freedom of speech , " she told WPMT . "  I am a big supporter of the Constitution . " Kessler posted his videos to YouTube in mid-July . They went viral , generating a heated online debate that appeared to gain renewed traction last month when he posted a backhanded apology . Kessler did not respond to repeated requests by CNN for comment , but he told WFMZ at the time that he was not in uniform in the videos and was exercising in his First and Second Amendment rights . In the videos , Kessler rails against liberals for attempting to curb gun rights and Secretary of State John Kerry over his support of a recent U.N. arms treaty . At one point in the video , he dares Kerry to come and take his guns . "  It was n't a threat . It was , ` if you want them come and take them , ' " Kessler told the television station by telephone . Kessler has been the town 's police chief for 14 years "  without a mark against him , " Hennon said . Kessler , an outspoken gun rights advocate , has a history of making provocative statements . He has been featured in a number of online videos discussing his views , given numerous interviews and helped organize gun rights rallies . The police chief also has claimed in a number of interviews to be the founder of the Constitutional Security Force , a gun rights advocacy group . In the video , Kessler wears a T-shirt with CSF emblazoned on it . On the CSF Web page , Kessler is identified as the group 's president and is featured in his Gilberton police uniform . The latest videos have been picked up and copied on YouTube , with titles such as "  America 's scariest police chief " and "  Patriot police chief . "	The council says he used city property without permission "  I have no regrets , " Kessler says He alleges that some in the council are trying to fire him
CNN  -- When she was about 8 , Frida Sepulveda developed dark folds of skin around her neck . It 's a well-known warning sign of type 2 diabetes . Blanca Sepulveda , right , was "  devastated " when her daughter Frida began showing signs of type 2 diabetes . Frida 's mother , Blanca Sepulveda , who has watched other family members struggle with diabetes and obesity , was "  devastated " to see her daughter experience similar health problems . Now at age 11 , Frida is about 5 feet , 6 inches tall and weighs around 180 pounds , her mother said . Despite a high body weight for her age and height , Frida does not seem to have additional symptoms of diabetes -- or any other major health concerns -- but her parents are trying to reverse the weight problem Frida has had since infancy . The San Diego , California , family is among a disproportionately high number of Latino-American families with overweight and obese children . According to the 2007 National Survey of Children 's Health , 16.6 percent of Latino high school students were obese and 18.1 percent were overweight . The corresponding national averages for high school students were 13.3 percent obese and 15.8 percent overweight . It 's an epidemic that shocked and saddened Lorena Garcia , a chef who appears on Univision and Telemundo . "  I travel all over the country to the major Hispanic festivals and I realized that 90 to 95 percent of the kids that I saw at the festivals were overweight , " said Garcia , who established the Big Chef Little Chef program to teach Latino youth healthy cooking and eating habits . Watch Garcia interact with her fans " The problem is caused by a wide range of cultural , social , economic , environmental and possibly genetic factors . Experts agree it is an uphill battle to solve . "  You ca n't just try to change someone 's behavior necessarily without trying to change their environment , " said Dr. Michael Goran , director of the University of Southern California 's Childhood Obesity Research Center . How can childhood obesity be reduced ? Blanca Sepulveda , 38 , believes her own upbringing in Mexico before coming to the United States in junior high school ultimately contributed to her daughter 's weight problem . "  The way I was raised ... you do n't -LSB- leave -RSB- the dinner table until you 're done with all your food . That 's instilled in you , " Sepulveda said . Back in Mexico , she said , the food was healthier and fresher , and she did n't drink soda . But she still applied that mentality to her own children , who were born and raised in the United States , where sugar-laden and fattening foods are widely available . The Sepulveda family 's story is similar to that of other immigrants who are healthier than their American-born children : Those born outside the United States are less likely to be obese than native-born children , said Luisa Franzini , Ph.D. , of the University of Texas School of Public Health . Despite the trends , more study is necessary to determine whether American acculturation is entirely to blame for poor diets among Latinos , an expert says . Rafael Pérez-Escamilla , a nutrition and public health professor with the University of Connecticut , wrote in the June 2009 issue of Journal of the American Diabetic Association that adaptation to U.S. society may explain , to some degree , "  deterioration of dietary quality " and the risks of diabetes and other chronic diseases . However , he wrote , it 's still not completely clear . Healthy food harder to come by Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles . Angelica Delgado is trying to overcome the obstacle with the Healthy Latino Families initiative , a culturally tailored nutrition and exercise program in Milwaukee , Wisconsin . As the Community Research Supervisor for the United Community Center , Delgado is trying to get healthy school lunches in the Bruce-Guadalupe Community School , with which she 's working on Healthy Latino Families . About 80 percent of Bruce Guadalupe 's student body , which is 97 percent Latino , come from low-income households and therefore are eligible for reduced-price or free lunch . Without money coming in to support the lunch program , it 's difficult to fund better quality food and equipment to ensure that it 's freshly cooked , Delgado said . For now , she hopes the fun , bilingual setting of Healthy Latino Families will teach children to make smart food choices . The lack of availability of inexpensive , fresh , healthy food is a common for low-income populations in general , Franzini said . Research suggests that more affluent neighborhoods have a higher availability of healthy food , she said , adding that the cost of healthy food is lower in more advantaged communities . The community factor Exercise also poses tricky problems for Latino children struggling with weight , as many live in disadvantaged areas may make it tough for them to play outside or walk to school . From a physical point of view -- in terms of sidewalks and litter -- those areas tend to be in worse shape than an average neighborhood , Franzini said . But her research also suggests that the social component of a neighborhood affects children 's physical activity levels . "  It 's not sufficient to just clean up the neighborhood -- pick up the trash and build sidewalks , " said Franzini , whose study on the impact of neighborhoods ' social characteristics was published earlier this year in the American Journal of Public Health . "  It also needs to be a neighborhood where people feel safe and they feel that they can go out and walk and run and exercise and do whatever they want to do . " To that end , Franzini 's research indicates that those Latinos living in tight-knit communities often get more exercise than those in more mixed neighborhoods . "  Having a neighborhood which is more connected , where people feel safe -- I think it 's all a matter of feeling empowered in a way . And so those who feel that they have this stronger neighborhood from a social point of view , they are also more likely to be physically active , " Franzini said . Finding solutions Researchers and community advocates are attempting to combat the Latino youth obesity problem . But the multitude of factors makes the issue a moving target and results of interventions are mixed . For example , about a year after a previous phase of Healthy Latino Families in Milwaukee wrapped up , children reportedly ate better and watched less television per day . Delgado said they are awaiting results from the current program , but she has seen some success already . USC 's Goran worked with Latino teenagers over 16 weeks to improve their diets , promoting fiber-rich tortillas and altering recipes of aqua fresca so it would have less sugar . But at the end of the four months , he saw "  no significant improvement in the outcomes . " "  We have to do those studies over longer time periods than we have previously done to kind of give these things a chance to work and kick in , " Goran said . "  We 're ... taking it one step at a time . " And Frida 's mom , Blanca Sepulveda , said she is focusing on modifying her own behavior to help her entire family . "  It 's a retraining of the mind , " Sepulveda said . "  It gets hard because you have to be an example . "	A disproportionately high number of Latino-American families struggle with obesity Programs designed specifically for Latino children have had mixed results Economic factors play a major role for many Latinos in their weight struggles Exercise , and whether or not children feel safe to play , is another factor
Montabaur , Germany  CNN  On the surface , Germanwings co-pilot Andreas Lubitz seemed , in the words of those who had known him , normal , capable , even fun . But , German prosecutors said Friday , he was clearly trying to hide something in the days before he sent Germanwings Flight 9525 plowing into a mountain , killing himself and 149 others aboard . Investigators searching Lubitz 's Dusseldorf apartment said they found documents revealing he 'd been declared unfit for work . The letter , Dusseldorf prosecutor Christoph Kumpa , said , was found "  slashed " in a dust bin . The revelation only adds to the myriad questions swirling around Lubitz , 27 , whom authorities say deliberately destroyed the plane . The biggest question of all , still , is why ? Lufthansa CEO ` speechless ' That 's the question police were hoping to answer as they searched Lubitz 's apartment . Police spokesman Markus Niesczery said a team of five investigators went "  through the apartment looking for clues as to what the co-pilot 's motivation might have been , if he did indeed bring the plane down . " They did n't find a goodbye note or anything directly explaining the crash , the public prosecutor 's office in Dusseldorf said in a statement . They say it will be a few more days before they can say anything more publicly about what they found . Outside the apartment , neighbors contacted Friday said they did n't know Lubitz and are simply flummoxed by all the attention to the quiet suburban neighborhood featuring a handful of businesses , restaurants , running rails and a lake . Meanwhile , about 85 miles  136 kilometers  away in the town of Montabaur , the house where Lubitz 's parents live was shuttered and guarded by police . A group of men , perhaps investigators , were the only ones granted access on Thursday . On Friday , there was no activity at all . Montabaur , in western Germany , is where Lubitz pursued his love of flying from a young age . At a club on the outskirts of town , pilots who knew Lubitz said they were shocked to hear what investigators said . They said the man they know never would have deliberately crashed a plane . Between age 14 and age 20 , Lubitz was a regular fixture at the gliding club . "  He was  a very normal young person , full of energy , " Klaus Radke said . "  What can I say ? He had a bright future . He made his hobby into his job . What more can you hope to achieve ? " The authorities ' explanation does n't ring true for Peter Ruecker , another pilot who knew him from the flight club . "  Knowing Andreas , this is just inconceivable for me , " Ruecker told the Reuters news agency . "  He was a lot of fun , even though he was perhaps sometimes a bit quiet , " Ruecker said . "  He was just another boy , like so many others here . " An acquaintance said Lubitz was health conscious . He was a recreational athlete and did n't smoke . "  I ca n't imagine that he was mentally ill , depressed and sad . He does n't seem like that , " Johannes Rossbach told CNN . "  So I was shocked when I heard that . " An 8-minute descent to death Before Tuesday 's crash , Lubitz appeared to have a "  clean bill of health , " according to a Germanwings representative . Then came Friday 's announcement of the discovery of documents revealing an illness that apparently made him unfit to fly a plane -- in the eyes of at least one doctor . Prosecutors did n't reveal what the illness was , but said the discovery "  leads to the preliminary conclusion , that the deceased kept his illness secret from his employer and his professional environment . " The New York Times and the Wall Street Journal , citing unnamed sources , reported that Lubitz suffered from mental illness . Meanwhile , a Dusseldorf clinic said he 'd gone there twice , most recently 17 days ago , "  concerning a diagnosis . " But the University Clinic said it had not treated Lubitz for depression . Lubitz had been with Germanwings , a budget airline owned by Lufthansa , since September 2013 and had completed 630 hours of flight time , the airline 's media office said . Officials say he passed a psychological test when he was hired , had no known ties to terrorism and showed no sign of medical distress during the flight . Lufthansa CEO Carsten Spohr told reporters that Lubitz "  interrupted " his training , which he began in 2008 . That break lasted several months , he said , but added that such an interruption is n't uncommon . Spohr said he could n't give any information about why the co-pilot had stopped and then restarted his training . If it was for medical reasons , he said , then that information would have been private before the crash , but it will be part of information gathered during the investigation . Reuters reported that a German newspaper , Bild , said Lubitz had been treated for depression about six years ago . Citing internal documents forwarded by Lufthansa to German authorities , Bild reported that Lubitz had suffered a "  serious depressive episode " around the time he took a break from his pilot training in 2009 , Reuters reported . The Bild report said he then spent about 18 months getting psychiatric treatment . Lufthansa officials and German prosecutors declined to comment on the Bild story , Reuters said . Most of Lubitz 's training took place at the Lufthansa flight training center in Germany . He also trained in the United States , spending six months at facility in Arizona as part of a required program to get his license , a Lufthansa spokesperson said . A former trainer at the facility said the training is "  extremely stressful . " "  What made the hairs stand up on my neck in this case is that the co-pilot took some time off during training . For me that is very inexplicable and highly unusual , " Oly Olson said . "  Usually the pilot trainees either progress or wash out , I never saw anyone take a break . " He clarified his remark , saying some people left due to a death in the family . Spohr said Lufthansa pilots get medical testing but do not undergo regular or routine psychological testing once they are flying . However , the airline does consider an applicant 's psychological state , along with other factors , when hiring pilots , he said . "  We do n't only look at competence but we also give a lot of room to psychological capabilities , " Spohr said . "  He was 100 % set to fly without restrictions , " he added . "  His flight performance was perfect . There was nothing to worry about . " Students , singers among the victims 5 cases of pilots intentionally crashing Diana Magnay reported from Montabaur . Catherine E. Shoichet and Ashley Fantz reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report from Cologne , Germany . CNN 's Michael Pearson , Mark Thompson , Eliott C. McLaughlin Laura Smith-Spark , Bharati Naik , Sara Sidner and Jason Kravarik also contributed to this report .	Newspapers cite sources who say Andreas Lubitz had a mental illness German investigators say he 'd been declared unfit to work , but was hiding it from the airline One man says Andreas Lubitz did n't seem like the kind of person who was sad or depressed
In the early days of the Internet boom , some thought we would enter an era where there would be one integrated world economy with no borders , where we would share similar democratic values , and where governments would be less important and civil society could pick up many governmental tasks . But that turned out not to be the case . Many countries do n't share our values . There are conflicts , and the Internet has become a good place for these conflicts to play out . One outcome is espionage , whether it is the National Security Agency listening to foreign leaders or China 's People 's Liberation Army stealing trade secrets . Another outcome is cybercrime . It seems every month there is a story about a giant retailer being hacked and the personal data of hundreds of thousands of people being stolen by faceless cybercriminals . The last big story was Target . This week it 's eBay , where hackers stole electronic credentials from eBay employees and used the credentials to access and steal customers ' data . According to one estimate , more than 800 million records were stolen in 2013 . Fortunately , that does n't actually mean all 800 million people suffered financial loss . Only a small fraction of people who have their data taken become victims of fraud or theft , because it is hard for criminals to "  monetize " data -- to turn your personal information into cash . But the cleanup costs for the victimized company can be gigantic . After Target 's hack , its CEO was fired for not doing enough . Cybercrime is a growth industry and online security breaches are not going to stop any time soon . The Internet was designed to ensure easy , reliable connectivity and in this it has been an immense success . When the Internet was commercialized in the 1990s , the U.S. government thought it was better to immediately start using an imperfect technology and get the economic benefits rather than wait for a completely safe Internet . That was the right decision . The Internet has drastically changed all facets of our lives , including the way we communicate and do business . It has brought us immense economic benefits . But the downside is that the Internet is not a secure place . Cybersecurity would not be as big a problem as it is today if the pioneers had paid more attention to security issues . For example , encryption  software that scrambles your data into unintelligible patterns  was decontrolled in 1999 . But many encryption products turned out to be hard to use , slowing computers and adding cumbersome steps to simple transactions . Encryption is still not widely used . Many companies do n't encrypt the data of their customers and rely on passwords , which are very easy to hack for many transactions . Cybercrime is an issue that needs more attention . According to one European intelligence service , there are 20 to 30 criminal gangs in the former Soviet Union that have hacking skills as good as most nations . There are many other groups with lesser skills . These criminals are nimble and inventive , and there are thriving cybercrime black markets where you can buy the latest hacking tools . This means there are highly skilled criminals who live in safe havens but can use the Internet to commit crimes that can earn millions of dollars , for which they will never be arrested or tried . Why would they stop ? While there is good cooperation among Western countries against cybercrime , Russia has little interest in stopping these groups . Eventually , the Internet will become less risky . There are basic things that companies can do to make sure their networks are more secure -- at least from all but the high-end criminals and big intelligence agencies . Many companies are now taking cybersecurity seriously in a way different from even a year or two ago . The United States can work with other governments to improve law enforcement cooperation and to close down criminal networks . The question is whether there will be enough progress before hackers get better at using what they steal . Right now , cybercriminals can steal millions of records but only be able to "  monetize " a few thousand of them . If cybercriminals get better at monetizing the personal data they steal , there will be a spike in losses . And if countries like China continues to hack U.S. businesses to steal trade secrets and make competing products , American companies will lose sales and jobs . The eBay hack reminds us that cybercrime is risk free , hard to stop , and big money for hackers . Even the best defenses may have holes in them . The least we can do is to try to put in the safeguards .	Hackers take electronic info from eBay employees to steal customers ' data James Lewis : Cybercrime is a growth industry and breaches wo n't stop He says cybercrime is risk free , hard to stop , and big money for hackers Lewis : The least that companies can do is to put in more safeguards
Beijing  CNN  -- Police in China 's capital are in a jam after publishing guidance for "  inadequate " women drivers online . According to a post on the official Beijing Police department account on Weibo -- China 's popular micro-blogging service -- female drivers "  usually have inadequate driving skills and often lack a sense of direction . " If that was n't news enough for China 's female roadsters , it added women drivers "  tend to get in a panic after an accident and usually draw a complete mental blank , giving opportunities for criminals . " Aside from questionable skills at the wheel , the police pointed out a few other potential perils to avoid , such as wearing high heels or driving without tying your hair back . Apparently excessive decorations in your car may also bring danger . Another official police post features a cartoon of a confrontation between a policeman and a woman driving a vehicle shaped like a large high heel . "  Women drivers , please change into flat shoes when you 're driving , " the caption warns . While Beijing police could not immediately be contacted for comment , another post on its account cited a China News article , which claimed almost 70 % of road accidents in China are caused by women . Saudi cleric warns driving could damage women 's ovaries Unsurprisingly , the police post provoked a backlash on social media . "  Many male drivers are no different . They think they are good at driving , but most car crashes are caused by men , " said one user on Weibo , called Shantianxinzai . "  This is the first time I saw pure gender discrimination from the authorities , " said another , identified as Jifengliuyang . "  Obvious gender discrimination , if it 's in the U.S. , they will get sued , " declared Miaoxingrendenvpu . Others , meanwhile , sided with police . "  I have to say that female drivers are worse drivers , " claimed Simapingbang .	Beijing Police Weibo account : Female drivers "  usually have inadequate driving skills " Advises women to avoid wearing heels and to avoid excessive decoration in their cars Many users on Chinese social media slammed police for discriminatory post
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Violence flared overnight in Bangkok amid anti-government demonstrations intended to drive Thailand 's Prime Minister out of office . Tens of thousands of protesters have disrupted traffic at major intersections and marched on government offices in Thailand 's large and hectic capital city this week . The protests , dubbed "  Bangkok shutdown , " had begun Monday without serious incident . But on Tuesday night , two people were shot and wounded , an explosive device was thrown at an opposition leader 's house , buses were set alight and police officers were attacked , according to authorities . The protesters say they want Thailand 's political system overhauled instead of new elections scheduled for next month . They 're demanding that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra 's government be replaced with an unelected "  people 's council . " Their numbers dropped from a peak of as many as 170,000 on Monday evening to about 60,000 on Tuesday evening , said Lt. Gen. Paradon Pattanathabut , Thailand 's security chief . He said roughly 10,000 demonstrators had stayed out on the streets overnight as others returned to their homes in the Bangkok area . Protest leaders disagree with the government 's estimates of their numbers . They say they had more than one million people on the streets on Tuesday night . Intersections occupied Since Monday , groups of demonstrators have occupied seven main intersections in Bangkok and marched on several government buildings , including the labor , commerce and foreign ministries . The protests have caused some disruption in central Bangkok , but large areas of the sprawling capital city so far remain unaffected . Authorities have deployed about 20,000 security personnel to keep watch throughout the city . The rallies are orchestrated by the People 's Democratic Reform Committee  PDRC  protest group , led by Suthep Thaugsuban , a former deputy prime minister for the opposition Democrat Party . The government has offered talks with protesters and other concerned parties to discuss a way out of the impasse and the possibility of postponing the election . But Suthep 's group has rejected the offer . Unrest overnight With Thailand still scarred by deadly civil unrest in 2010 , police and demonstrators have both pledged not to resort to violence . But amid the tense atmosphere in parts of Bangkok , pockets of unrest sparked on Tuesday night . An explosive device was thrown at the house of opposition leader Abhisit Vejjajiva , Paradon said . Abhisit , the leader of the Democrat Party , was not in the house at the time and nobody was wounded by the blast , Paradon said . The case is under investigation and it is not certain at this point whether the attack was politically motivated , he said . Abhisit , a former prime minister , has denied being a member of the PDRC but has appeared on stage and among the crowds at some of their demonstrations . At Pathumwan , one of the major occupied intersections , two protesters were shot and wounded by unidentified attackers , Paradon said . One of the protesters suffered serious , but not life-threatening , injuries , he said . The other had minor injuries . In the Lumpini Park area , protesters ' guards attacked four police officers who were gathering intelligence , police said . One of the officers remains in the hospital after the assault . At Nang Lerk intersection , where scores of people have been protesting for months , two buses were set on fire , Paradon said . Dispute over elections Rights groups , the United Nations and the United States have called on Thai authorities and anti-government protesters to respect human rights and avoid violence during the mass demonstrations . Since demonstrations against Yingluck 's government began in November , eight people have died and 470 have been wounded , authorities said . In a bid to cool tensions , Yingluck dissolved the nation 's parliament last month and called for new elections to be held on February 2 . But the move has done little to appease protesters . They have called on the Prime Minister to step down from her caretaker position and be replaced by an unelected "  people 's council , " which would see through electoral and political reforms . The national Election Commission has urged the government to postpone elections amid the continuing unrest . Yingluck offered to meet with protest leaders and election commission officials Wednesday to discuss whether to delay the vote , her office said . But Akanat Prompan , a PDRC spokesman , said Yingluck 's offer of talks was n't an answer to the problems . The protesters want to see changes to Thailand 's political system enacted before elections take place , he said , and the demonstrations will continue until they achieve that goal . Travel warnings Dozens of countries have issued travel advisories amid fears the tensions could erupt into violence . The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok has urged U.S. citizens to avoid large gatherings in the city and to ensure they have a stock of cash and essential items in case the situation deteriorates . "  While protests have been generally peaceful over the last two months , some have resulted in injury and death , " its online warning said . "  Even demonstrations that are meant to be peaceful can turn confrontational , and can escalate into violence without warning . " The protest group has said that it will allow ambulances to pass along the roads it blocks , and that it will not block access to airports and public transportation . The U.S. government supports "  a democratic process to resolve the ongoing political tensions in Thailand , " Marie Harf , a State Department spokeswoman , said Monday . "  We also continue to urge all sides to refrain from violence , exercise restraint and respect the rule of law , " she said at a regular news briefing . "  And we do , I would note , applaud the restraint shown thus far by government authorities in this regard . " Ambitious goal Protest leaders have said they want to rid Thailand of the influence of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , the older brother of Yingluck . That 's an ambitious goal in a country where every election since 2001 has been won by parties affiliated with Thaksin , a billionaire who built his political success on populist policies that appealed to Thailand 's rural heartland . Thaksin was ousted in a military coup in 2006 and has spent most of the time since then in exile overseas . If he returns , he risks a two-year prison sentence on a corruption conviction , which he says was politically motivated . The recent protests in Bangkok were prompted by a botched attempt by Yingluck 's government to pass an amnesty bill that would have opened the door for her brother 's return . That move added fuel for critics who accuse her of being nothing more than her brother 's puppet , an allegation she has repeatedly denied . Opposition to Thaksin and Yingluck is strongest among the urban elites and middle class , particularly in Bangkok . Thaksin 's traditional support comes from the populous rural areas of north and northeast Thailand . His supporters , known as "  red shirts , " support the holding of elections on February 2 . Kocha Olarn and Saima Mohsin reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	NEW : Authorities report several violent incidents overnight , including shootings Tens of thousands of protesters have gathered in central Bangkok They have occupied major intersections in the Thai capital and marched on ministries The protesters are demanding that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra step down
CNN  -- Comedian Jay Leggett , who produced a documentary about the joys of deer hunting , died of natural causes at the end of a deer hunt Saturday . Leggett , 50 , collapsed and died next to his all-terrain vehicle at the end of a hunt on the first day of gun deer season in his native Tomahawk , Wisconsin , according to Lincoln County sheriff 's spokesman Mike Caylor . A deer that Leggett had killed was strapped to the ATV . Leggett 's 2011 film "  To the Hunt : Deer Season in Tomahawk , Wisconsin " documented deer camp life and "  the fun , family and fraternity of the hunt , " according to promotional materials . "  The victim had returned to the cabin from his deer stand on an ATV , " the sheriff 's statement said . "  When he got off the machine he collapsed and was found unresponsive by family members who immediately started CPR . " Paramedics were unable to revive Leggett and the coroner pronounced him dead at the scene , Caylor said . Comedian , hunter , teacher Leggett , who grew up in Tomahawk , performed with The Improv Olympic in Chicago , a company that included Mike Meyers , Chris Farley and Andy Richter . He left the company to join the cast of "  In Living Color " for the TV sketch comedy series ' 1993 season . He acted in many other TV shows after moving to Los Angeles , but he also became a screenwriter . He wrote , produced and acted in the 2004 comedy film "  Employee of the Month , " starring Matt Dillon . At the time of his death , Leggett was the lead instructor at Comedy Now L.A. , teaching improv , acting and writing . Adam Devine , the co-creator and star of Comedy Central 's "  Workaholics , " called Leggett his "  guru . " "  RIP my friend , teacher and mentor Jay Leggett . You will be missed , " Devine Tweeted Sunday . Devine is quoted on the school 's website calling hm "  by far the best teacher I 've ever had . " "  He gave me the comedy chops I needed to become successful , " Devine said . "  It 's simple : He 'll make you the best you can be . He eats and sleeps comedy . AndÂ also real food and real sleep -- because he 's not crazy . He also gave me my first paying comedy job which proves just how smart and insightful he really is . " People we lost in 2013 CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Leggett collapsed and died at the end of a hunt on the first day of Wisconsin 's gun deer season A deer Leggett killed was strapped to the ATV where he died Leggett 's film "  To the Hunt " documented "  the fun , family and fraternity of the hunt " He was an "  In Living Color " cast member for the 1993 season
Russian special forces killed five suspected militants and took another into custody Saturday during an assault on a house in the volatile Caucasus republic of Dagestan , a Russian security source told CNN . Russia launched a search for anti-government militants in the run-up to the Winter Olympics in Sochi . The group 's alleged leader , Alexei Pashentsev , was among those killed , the source said . Pashentsev is a man of Russian ethnic origin who converted to the Islamic faith in 2010 and began contacts with militant groups , the source said . The six suspects were in a house in the republic 's capital city of Makhachkala , the source said . They were connected to the Buynaksk militant group , which had previously been linked to other militants behind bombings in late December in Volgograd in southwestern Russia , the source said . It was not clear if any of the suspects were involved in the twin bombing attacks -- one on the city 's main train station and the second , carried out within a day , on a trolley bus . In all , 34 people were killed in the attacks and approximately 100 others were wounded . On Wednesday , state media reported that a suspected mastermind of the twin attacks was killed in a police operation in Dagestan . The man died in a shootout at a house in the town of Izberbash , the official Itar-Tass news agency said . One accomplice surrendered to police , but others were killed alongside the suspected mastermind , the news agency said . The attacks on Volgograd 's public transit system fueled security concerns ahead of the Sochi games . Two other people were arrested last week on suspicion of transporting the suicide bombers to Volgograd . Russian security forces have carried out a number of operations in Dagestan in recent weeks . The southern republic is the hotbed of an ongoing Islamist insurgency blamed for previous terrorist attacks in Russia .	Source : Russian special forces kill 5 suspected militants , take 1 into custody The group 's alleged leader was killed , source says They were connected to militant group linked to Volgograd bombings , source says
Editor 's Note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is VICE 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Four Corners region of U.S.  VBS.TV  -- Earlier this fall . VBS.TV went to the Four Corners region of the United States to hang out with indigenous cowboys of the Navajo  Diné  tribe . These riders were all from the Triple B Association -- a bronc-riding , bull-riding and barrel-racing league catering to the Native American community of the U.S. Southwest . Given the difficult economic circumstances under which most of these cowboys and their families live , it 's an unusual portrait of Americana in the 21st century . Early this year , it was reported that more than 56 percent of Navajos live below the poverty line , one of the highest rates in the U.S. , even among the traditionally marginalized indigenous communities . Add to that a frightening unemployment rate climbing above 50 percent -- disconcertingly higher than the national rate , which hovers around 9.5 percent -- and the picture is extremely bleak . Many of these families throughout New Mexico , Arizona , Utah and Colorado also lack electricity , running water or telephones . Still , theirs is a spiritually rich culture , based on family-operated , small-scale farming and ranching . Though the professional rodeo circuit offers a slight opportunity for some of the best riders , by and large members of this community are relegated to the Navajo league . The best many can hope for is a berth at the Indian National Finals Rodeo in Las Vegas , Nevada , each year . The winnings are not high and neither is the exposure compared with many of the larger stadium rodeo events . Triple B , like several other rodeo associations , provides young riders with an opportunity to sign up and compete against each other from March to November each year . The cost to enter can be high , and if you do n't win , you have to find a way home , struggle to get back in the circuit in upcoming weeks and somehow find the resources to feed the livestock that await back home . The Navajo riders have managed to get a degree of mainstream exposure over the years , mostly because bull and bronc riding are becoming a big-buck industry elsewhere in the U.S. Over the course of a week , we tailed several of the group 's riders all across the region , accompanying them during training and traveling with them to and from assorted events . Over that time , we came to know their families , witnessing as they coped with personal struggles and sharing in occasional successes . For more on this story , head to the VBS.TV site .	VBS.TV spends time with Navajo cowboys who are part of a bronc and bull riding league VBS.TV says it 's an unusual portrait of Americana in the 21st century Navajo riders face difficult economic hurdles as they seek success in rodeo circuit Navajo riders have managed to get some mainstream exposure
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Weeks ago , Dan Wheldon was behind the wheel of a new prototype car for the IZOD IndyCar racing series -- one meant to make his sport safer , albeit ideally no less exciting . The two-time Indianapolis 500 winner , who 'd been one of a handful of key collaborators in the safety effort as identified on the racing circuit 's website , never got a chance to see the refined engines at work in a real race . Instead on Monday , his friends , colleagues and the racing world were mourning his death following a fiery 15-car wreck at the Las Vegas Indy 300 . "  I lost one of my best friends , one of my greatest teammates , " driver Tony Kanaan told reporters hours after Sunday 's fatal crash . "  I know this is a dangerous sport . I know we 're exposed to that every day , in normal life as well , " he added . "  But you know , you do n't think about it . Today , we have to think about it . " Images from the fatal crash Had he won Sunday 's race , the Englishman with the ready smile and engaging manner would have earned a $ 5 million payout . Instead , he was near the back of the 34-car field when he got mixed up in a crash that featured numerous cars spinning out of control and bursting into flames , spewing smoke and debris . "  All I could see was fire and parts flying and smoke , " recalled Paul Tracy , one of those involved in the crash , on Monday . "  When it all came to a stop , it looked like something out of a movie set ... It did n't seem real . " An official at the Clark County Coroner 's Office , who was not named per the office 's policy , told CNN on Monday that Wheldon officially died from "  blunt head trauma . " The 33-year-old 's death has been ruled an "  accident . " Two other drivers seriously injured in the wreck -- J.R. Hildebrand and Pippa Mann -- were released Monday from University Medical Center in Las Vegas , IndyCar said in a release . Mann had surgery Sunday night for a burn injury to a finger on her right hand , while Hildebrand was held overnight after suffering a severely bruised sternum . Championship contender Will Power was treated and released Sunday , IndyCar spokeswoman Amy Konrath said . The violent crash raised fresh questions about safety , both in motor sports generally and at the Las Vegas track specifically . Wheldon had been a driving force to address such concerns . In an early October story posted on IndyCar.com , the racing series ' official website , IndyCar Vice President Will Phillips singled out the 33-year-old driver , his team and Italian manufacturer Dallara for their efforts to fine-tool a safer car model for the 2012 season . "  He 's focused on what 's been needed from him to provide for the feedback to Dallara and be consistent and concise , " Phillips said then of Wheldon . "  You could n't have asked for more . " Wheldon was known as "  a great family man " Ironically , the new 2012 cars were expected to have components -- namely extra protection around tires -- to prevent spin-outs like the one that triggered Sunday 's wreck when two vehicles ' bump together , said Tracy . "  They want the cars to run a bit more in a pack ,  but  these cars are not designed to bang wheels with each other at 225 mph , " the veteran driver said . "  Our wheels  currently  are exposed . Once you have two cars touch each other , you do n't have any control . " Wheldon 's death was the first for the IndyCar circuit since March 2006 , when driver Paul Dana was killed in a two-car crash while warming up for the season-opening race at Homestead-Miami Speedway . It is one of several in motor sports generally , one of the most famous being the elder Dale Earnhardt 's death in NASCAR 's 2001 Daytona 500 . Sports Illustrated senior writer Jon Wertheim said Monday that the sheer speed of race cars , and the minimal distance separating them , means danger lurks around every turn and on every straightaway . Wheldon , for example , was bunched with several other vehicles cruising at about 220 miles an hour when Sunday 's crash occurred . "  The fact of the matter is , you 're dealing with very , very fast automobiles . They 're not heavy cars , " Wertheim said . "  There is , unfortunately , an assumption of risk when you get into one of those race cars . " Beyond questions about racing 's safety generally , the condition of the Las Vegas Motor Speedway -- and whether or not it was too fast and too crammed with vehicles -- was the subject of intense questioning in the hours after Wheldon 's death . Driver Dario Franchitti told ABC News that the track offered "  nowhere to get away from anybody . " "  This is not a suitable track , and we 've seen it today , " he said . The loop in Las Vegas is 1.5 miles , one mile shorter than that of the iconic Indianapolis Motor Speedway . At the same time , it is wider than many others -- such that more cars can run alongside , and potentially collide with , one another . In an interview with CNN on Monday , former IndyCar driver Lyn St. James noted too that the slope of the track 's curves and its straightaway can create "  this momentum and this ability for all the cars to be able to go flat out ,  which  really takes the car out of the driver 's hands . " Not going as far as Franchitti in critiquing the Las Vegas oval , St. James said that a number of factors -- including the vehicles ' speed and numbers , as well as the track 's configuration -- came together "  like the perfect storm . " "  It was unfortunate , it was tragic , it was something we all wish would never have happened , " she said of Wheldon 's death . Blog : Wheldon 's death should bring changes in racetracks That sentiment rang true for many in the racing community . After the crash at the IZOD IndyCar World Championships , many of the remaining drivers were emotional during and after a five-lap salute in Wheldon 's honor . The rest of the marquee event was canceled . "  There are no words for today , " driver Danica Patrick , the first woman to win an IndyCar race in 2008 , tweeted . "  Myself and so many others are devastated . I pray for suzi  Wheldon 's wife  and the kids that god will give them strength . " Wheldon , who was born in Emberton , England , lived in St. Petersburg , Florida . His father was a go-kart racer , and his mother was the timer at a local track . As a driver , Wheldon teamed up with the Alzheimer 's Association to promote awareness of Alzheimer 's disease ; he was wearing the association 's logo when he won the Indy 500 in May . His mother was diagnosed with the disease in 2009 . In North Carolina , Sven Bhem told CNN affiliate WGHP that his son-in-law -- who , just hours before this weekend 's race , had sung him "  Happy Birthday " over the phone -- was n't "  just a great driver , but he was a great human being , " Bhem said . "  He was always positive , always had something good to say about everybody . " He said Wheldon and his daughter had been married four years and have two sons , ages 2 1/2 years and 7 months . In a statement released Monday , Wheldon 's management company , GP Sports Management , described the driver as a "  champion on the track and a devoted family man off it . " "  Dan loved his fans and always took that extra bit of time to take a photo , to sign an autograph , to make some young kid smile at the racetrack . Everyone wanted to be around Dan . His passion and his enthusiasm for life was infectious . " St. James remembered Wheldon as a "  brash kid from England " when he first began . "  We watched him mature into being this absolute , consummate professional , " she said . " ... He touched so many people . " She said she believes Wheldon 's death will "  kind of raise the bar " in terms of safety for drivers . While a number of safety measures are in place , and the sport will always be high-risk , "  we do n't want this kind of thing to happen , " she said . Tracy concurred , telling CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that he hopes "  out of this tragedy , comes some good in terms of improving safety , " like putting see-through glass in place of web-like netting around tracks . The driver added that his wife and parents have implored him to retire in the wake of his friend 's death . While he said he is considering it , Tracy also acknowledged that he and other racers are n't blind to the dangers . "  We 're all thrill-seekers at heart , we all take risks on the race track , " he said . "  This sport is n't for everybody .  Nonetheless  , obviously , we 'd like to see improvement . " CNN 's Greg Botelho and David Close contributed to this report .	NEW : A driver says the cars "  are not designed to bang wheels " as happened Sunday NEW : Coroner says Wheldon died of "  blunt head trauma , " deems death an "  accident " The 2-time Indy 500 winner was testing a safer IndyCar in the weeks before his death Fellow driver Dario Franchitti says the Las Vegas speedway is "  not a suitable track "
CNN  -- The United Nations wo n't help , good pal Britain is sitting this one out , so President Barack Obama will take his case for a military attack on Syria directly to the American people next week . Obama wrapped up his trip to the G20 summit in Russia by telling reporters he will address the nation on Tuesday as Congress prepares to vote on a resolution authorizing limited military strikes against Syria over its alleged use of chemical weapons . Facing public opposition reflected by legislators hesitant to support him , Obama said Friday that he understands the skepticism over his call for punishing the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for what U.S. officials call a sarin gas attack on August 21 that killed more than 1,400 people . "  The American people have gone through a lot when it comes to the military over the last decade or so , " Obama said . He also cited a responsibility borne by the United States as a global power to lead what he hopes would be an international response in order to maintain the credibility of treaties and conventions against weapons of mass destruction . "  I believe when you have a limited proportional strike like this , with manageable risks , then we should bear that responsibility , " Obama said , noting that military interventions often lack broad public support but that critics also decry inaction in the face of atrocities abroad . Foreign interventions unpopular "  When people say that it is a terrible stain on all of us that hundreds of thousands of people were slaughtered in Rwanda , well imagine if Rwanda was going on right now and we asked : ` Should we intervene in Rwanda ? ' " the president said . "  I think it 's fair to say that it probably would n't poll real well . " Opposition by permanent Security Council members Russia and China has scuttled Obama 's hopes for U.N. authorization of a military response against al-Assad 's regime , and usually reliable ally Britain 's Parliament decided against joining a military response . The inability to muster a significant international coalition , like the NATO-led mission with Arab League support that intervened in Libya , caused the president to seek political cover by requesting congressional authorization . "  We will be more effective if we are unified moving forward , " Obama said in explaining why he asked for support from Congress for what he argues is a necessary response to the violation of international norms by Syria . In a likely foreshadowing of Obama 's address to the nation next week , U.N. Ambassador Samantha Power told the liberal Center for American Progress on Friday that non-military alternatives to attacking Syria had been exhausted . She cited repeated steps by Russia , joined at times by China , to undermine U.N. Security Council action on Syria over the past two years . Because of Russia , Power said , "  the Security Council was not even able to put out a statement expressing its disapproval " of the August 21 chemical weapons attack . Administration lobbying blitz Obama 's speech on Tuesday will culminate an aggressive outreach strategy intended to woo members of Congress to back his pitch for limited strikes , which are expected to be missile attacks at Syrian military command targets but not chemical weapons stockpiles . The administration says it has intercepts and other intelligence that show the Syrian regime planned the attack and then attempted to cover it up . Secretary of State John Kerry told a Senate committee this week that U.S. intelligence shows the rockets carrying chemical weapons were launched from territory controlled by the Syrian regime and landed in opposition or contested areas of suburban Damascus . Kerry and British officials say the gas used in the attack was sarin , according to test results . U.N. inspectors who collected samples from the stricken area are expected to provide their own results in coming weeks . However , after a week of classified briefings , two congressional hearings and other aggressive lobbying by the administration , a majority of the Senate and House remain "  undecided " on whether to give Obama authorization to attack , according to CNN 's latest count . In addition , a growing number of legislators say they oppose the move , though it remains too early to predict an outcome . A heavy lift for Obama "  I knew this was going to be a heavy lift , " Obama said during Friday 's news conference in St. Petersburg , Russia . Supporters and critics have called for the president to directly address the American public and make his case for why a military response was necessary . "  Members of Congress represent the views of their constituents , and only a president can convince the public that military action is required , " said Brendan Buck , the spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , who has said he backs Obama on the issue . "  We only hope this is n't coming too late to make the difference . " In the past two weeks , the Obama administration has spoken to at least 60 senators and 125 House members on the issue , a White House official confirmed Friday . On Thursday alone , while the president was in Russia , he and senior administration officials made more than 25 individual calls to what the White House described as bipartisan members of the House and Senate . Obama called five senators himself , the White House said , but officials refused to reveal the names of the recipients . In addition , members of the House and Senate were meeting at the White House on Friday with Vice President Joe Biden , an administration official confirmed to CNN . It was Biden 's second straight day of meetings with legislators to try to convince them to authorize a military response . Obama cancels trip Go it alone ? Should Congress reject Obama 's request to authorize military strikes , Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken said Friday on NPR that "  the president of course has the authority " to act in Syria without support from Capitol Hill , but "  it 's neither his desire nor intention to use that authority absent Congress backing him . " A senior administration official from the National Security Council later clarified Blinken 's remark , saying "  the president 's intention is to act with congressional authorization , and we believe they will vote to provide that authorization . " Asked several times at the news conference about Blinken 's remark and whether he would attack Syria anyway without authorization from Congress , Obama acknowledged that he would avoid providing a direct answer . "  It would be a mistake for me to jump the gun and speculate because right now I 'm working to get as much support as possible out of Congers , " he said . On Wednesday , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee approved an amended version of the White House 's resolution for authorization to attack Syria by a 10-7 vote . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Friday praised the panel 's Democratic and Republican leaders for working together to craft a compromise that was able win approval . Reid spoke at a brief Senate session that allowed for the procedural step of setting up next week 's consideration of the resolution by the full Senate . Election politics at play Meanwhile , the House also is expected to take up the Syria issue starting Monday , with Majoriy Leader Eric Cantor of Virginia telling his Republican caucus to expect a vote on military authorization "  in the next two weeks . " Approval of a resolution is considered more likely by the Democratic-led Senate than the Republican-led House . 45-day delay ? In a step that would buy time for Obama to get more international and domestic support , Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia is working on a proposal that would put off any military action for 45 days while demanding that Syria sign an international convention against chemical weapons or face U.S. military repercussions , according to an aide to Manchin . It was unclear if the idea would gain any traction among legislators considering the Syria issue . On the sidelines of the G20 summit Friday , Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin met for what Obama described as a "  candid , constructive " conversation despite increasingly strained relations between the two leaders . Obama acknowledged that Putin was unlikely to shift his position on military action against Syria , and Putin gave a similar account of their meeting , telling reporters that "  he does n't agree with me , I do n't agree with him , but we listened to each other . " The two leaders both said they could work together to seek a political solution to the Syrian crisis , which reiterated their longstanding positions . How will House vote ? How will Senate vote ? CNN 's Ted Barrett , Kevin Bohn , Virginia Nicolaidis and Gloria Borger contributed to this report .	NEW : House GOP leader Cantor tells members to expect a vote in the next two weeks President Obama : The United States has a responsibility to act as a global leader Obama refuses to directly answer if he 'll attack Syria without congressional support "  The American people have gone through a lot " in wars of past decade , Obama says
CNN  -- The Twitter-verse has spoken . 2014 has officially been declared the year of the selfie . According to Twitter 's top trends of 2014 , that is . The term "  selfie " has been mentioned more than 92 million times on Twitter -- a 500 % increase on 2013 , when "  selfie " was named Oxford Dictionary 's word of the year , according to Twitter . Television show host , Ellen Degeneres ' star-studded Oscar selfie , dubbed as the "  Golden Tweet , " was retweeted more than 3 million times , making it the most shared message ever on Twitter . That was also when the term "  selfie " really took flight worldwide , according to Google Trends . Numbers show "  selfie " searches was 10 times more than last year . The "  selfie " phenomenon became so popular that of course a song had to be written about it . The song , " #SELFIE " by The Chainsmokers also went viral , the music video racking up 267 million views on YouTube . Trending in second place , the soccer World Cup became the world 's most tweeted about event in Twitter history . When Germany won the championship , 618,725 tweets were sent per minute according to Twitter . Twitter 's look back on 2014 noted a few other global trending moments : But like it or not , "  selfie " still reigns as champion on Twitter in 2014 . READ MORE : Top Twitter moments of 2014 : Celebrities , social activism , sports	Twitter declares 2014 year of the selfie "  Selfie " was mentioned more than 92 million times on Twitter this year World Cup , #BringBackOurGirls and #IndyRef were among top global trends
CNN  -- New Yorkers can calm down now . Your president has spoken . Billy Joel recently defended the selection of Taylor Swift as tourism ambassador for New York City . The "  New York State of Mind " singer told USA Today that folks need to lighten up . "  I see the New York press going , ` Taylor Swift is going to be the new New York representative ? ' " Joel said . "  You snoots . Let her in . That 's what New York is all about . I say , ` Welcome . ' " Better NYC ambassadors than Taylor Swift Swift is a recent transplant to the Big Apple and her latest hit album , "  1989 , " features the single "  Welcome to New York " as an ode to her new town . Fellow music scribe and die-hard New Yorker Joel further expressed his admiration for Swift . "  I think she 's a talented songwriter , " he said . "  She catches a lot of junk , maybe because she 's so popular with young girls . But I like what she 's projecting . I respect what she 's doing . "	Joel calls New York press ` snoots ' He offered his ` welcome ' to Swift He expressed admiration for her talent
Dunedin , Florida  CNN  -- Michael Dupre , his wife and his daughter made it out of their Dunedin , Florida , house after noticing its screened-in room plunging into a pit in the ground . His wedding ring did not . As the family stood outside early Thursday , a firefighter buckled herself up , smashed a window , then snatched the ring from a desk in Dupre 's office . "  And a few minutes later , the whole thing collapsed back down there , " he said . Sinkholes like this one in Dunedin , a city of about 35,000 people just north of Clearwater , are hardly rarities in Florida . Hundreds pop up in the Sunshine State each year , like the one in August that gobbled a condo building in the town of Clermont . Dupre not only knew of the dangers , but he also was doing something about them . After spotting "  a few little hairline cracks , " he contacted his insurance company and , after a lot of back-and-forth about what to do , had workers come to his western Florida house over the last few days to start stabilizing the ground . Sinkholes : Common , costly and sometimes deadly "  We were actually planning ... , when the whole repair was done , to put a pool in the backyard , " he said , noting he 'd already gotten estimates . "  That  hope  is over . "  We thought it was going to get fixed . And unfortunately , it 's not . " All those plans changed after his daughter came into his bedroom before dawn Thursday , saying , "  Daddy , somebody is trying to get our house ! " Dupre said he first dismissed the thought , thinking it was the wind , but then he heard a loud crack . "  I said , ` There 's something wrong . ' " After seeing what had happened to their screened-in room , Dupre told the rest of his family to grab some clothes and get out of the house , then called 911 . They have n't been back inside , with Dupre saying he expects only firefighters -- like the one who rescued his wedding ring -- will go in , if it 's even safe enough for them . As of Thursday afternoon , the sinkhole that enveloped Dupre 's home and badly damaged another was 70 to 75 feet wide , 50 feet deep and growing , according to Dunedin Fire Chief Jeff Parks . Seven homes in total were evacuated . But the hole should n't be like that for long . "  The plan now  is  to fill the hole tomorrow , " Parks said , "  before some rain is expected this weekend  that may  make it a lot worse . " The Dupres wo n't be able to go back into their home at that point , however . They will be staying at a Holiday Inn Express that graciously put them up for two nights , then asking friends to let them stay over until they figure out what to do next . "  It 's all new for us , " Dupre said . " ... We 're trying to do our best . " Opinion : Florida , fix sinkhole policy CNN 's Greg Botelho and AnneClarie Stapleton contributed to this report .	A sinkhole pops up in the early morning hours in Dunedin , Florida A resident says he noticed his screened-in porch had fallen into the hole The sinkhole was at least 70 feet wide , 50 feet deep and growing It should be filled in soon , though some may not return to their homes
Police in Thailand say two Burmese men have confessed to the murder of two British tourists on a popular resort island last month . The bodies of Hannah Witheridge and David Miller were discovered early on September 15 on a beach on Koh Tao , a small southern island in Thailand . They were partially undressed with severe injuries to their heads . A hoe with blood on it was found close by , police said . The pair , both in their early 20s , were last seen at bar on the island hanging out with friends . An autopsy revealed both victims had been hit by a hard object , according to Maj. Gen. Pornchai Suteerakhun , the head of the Police Hospital 's Institute of Forensic Medicine . Miller was hit and had scratches on his back , in addition to having water in his lungs consistent with drowning , an autopsy showed . Witheridge was hit several times on her head and face and her body had evidence of sexual intercourse , according to her autopsy . DNA match On Friday , Police Commissioner Gen. Somyot Poompanmuang told CNN that DNA in semen taken from Witheridge matched samples taken from the two men . "  The DNA matching result is out already and they matched with DNA found on the female victim , " he said , adding that the men admitted to raping Witheridge . He said DNA samples taken from cigarette butts found near the bodies also matched those of the two suspects . The men , who have n't been named , have been in custody since October 1 , police said . Somyot said the two men told police that they became aroused after spotting the couple and moved in to attack them . They said they hit Miller on the back of the head , then raped Witheridge before hitting her in the face several times . Somyot said the two Burmese suspects would reenact the incident for police on Koh Tao later Friday . The deaths have shaken residents on the idyllic island , which takes up only 21 square kilometers  8 square miles  amid bright blue waters in the Gulf of Thailand . Authorities said it was the first homicide case on Koh Tao in at least eight years . The island is popular among tourists for its diving locations , white sand beaches and vibrant nightlife .	Hannah Witheridge and David Miller were discovered early on September 15 They were partially undressed with severe injuries to their heads Police : Two Burmese men admitted to murders , raping Witheridge DNA samples taken from the couple match those of two suspects , police say
CNN  -- Victor Chu is chairman and CEO of Chinese investment firm , First Eastern Investment Group . He is also the chairman of FE Securities and First Eastern Investment Bank , the first Chinese bank to be licensed by the Dubai International Financial Centre . Previously , he served as director and council member of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and member of the Hong Kong Government 's Central Policy Unit . Victor Chu : China has a lot to contribute in terms of the reinvention of the Gulf He is also a Foundation Board member of the World Economic Forum and he co-chairs the WEF 's International Business Council . Victor Chu met CNN 's John Defterios in Beijing to talk about the deepening economic relationship between China and the Middle East and the motivations behind it . Watch the video . " Defterios began by asking Chu why China is so interested in the Middle East . Victor Chu : There are strategic and commercial reasons . Strategically , China needs to be friendly to make sure that it is a long-time sustainable partner in terms of energy resources . But China also has a lot to contribute in terms of the reinvention of the Gulf . The Gulf , as you know , is probably the richest area in the world . But in terms of infrastructure development , many parts of the Gulf are still in the second world . If the Gulf wants to get up to speed in the quickest time possible it will need Chinese engineers , construction companies and equipment companies . And with China 's 30 years ' experience in developing its own infrastructure and the standard of Chinese engineering , there 's a lot going for Chinese companies . John Defterios : So what are the hot areas of investment for Chinese money going into the Middle East ? VC : Right now it is in terms of infrastructure . We already have Chinese companies winning contracts in Saudi Arabia on railway constructions , on plant constructions , and down the road it will be services . Because the Gulf is expanding so quickly they need service too . And in the past there were a lot of people from the Indian sub-continent helping them but now there are a lot more Chinese . JD : So China is exporting labor as well ? VC : Professional as well as labor . When I first went to the U.A.E. 15 years ago there were only a few thousand Chinese residents . Today the number is 200,000 . JD : What 's your projected growth for investment going into the Middle East ? VC : The figure I hear today is that there could be as much as 20 billion of direct investment from the Middle East going to China on an annual basis . So if half is recycled the other way we 're talking about a very big number indeed . JD : Is this a one-way street , Chinese money going into the Middle East or is it coming back as well ? VC : There 's enormous interest from the Gulf to look into China and that 's partly because of the trend of the fund flow from the West to the East . In the past the petrol dollar tended to go to Europe and America for safe havens . Today there 's still a lot of that . A huge part of it is going back to the Gulf for infrastructure development and also for investment into the East . And historically the Far East stopped in Singapore . It 's only really in the last ten years that the Middle Eastern capital has found China . E-mail to a friend	Victor Chu is CEO of Chinese investment firm , First Eastern Investment Group Gulf needs Chinese engineers and construction companies , says Chu There are now 200,000 Chinese residents in the U.A.E.
CNN  -- When "  Sorcery " was demonstrated during the Sony presentation at the Electronic Entertainment Expo in 2010 , it was touted as the quintessential game for the new Move motion controller , showcasing how action can be directed with the new device . Fast forward two years , and "  Sorcery " does n't quite live up to expectations of what the Move system could be . Despite some controller issues , it still offers a fun experience though . In it , you step into the role of Finn , a young apprentice in the art of magic who is thrust into battle against the dark forces to save a faerie princess , Erline . The princess , by the way , is a cat with a very long tail . As the game progresses , Finn discovers the ability to cast new spells , which the player casts using the Move controller . A flick of the wrist helps you select your spell and target your enemies . The navigation controller keeps Finn moving while you blast bogeys and assassins with the wand controller . Spell selection is done by holding down the Move button , then making the appropriate gesture to select your spell -- down for an earth spell , counterclockwise for an ice spell and so on . Switching spells is quick and very responsive . Players can also combine spell effects for more powerful attacks . Using an ice spell three times will freeze an enemy and allow them to be shattered with a magic missile . A whirlwind can be created with an air spell , then using a fire spell will spew fire bolts all over the place . However , targeting your opponents gets a little tricky . Players are supposed to aim higher for foes located on a higher level than Finn , but those shots do n't seem as consistent as level ones . Unfortunately , the foes on ledges and stairs seem to have no problem raining down shots on you . Also , when multiple foes start attacking , that flicking action can be a bit hard on the arm and shoulder . Take frequent breaks or else suffer the aches later . The player will collect raw materials to make potions that restore health and enhance spell abilities . There is also treasure to be found , and it can be used to buy more materials for those potions . Interestingly , once you create a potion and drink it , you never have to make that potion again . The only potions to be reused repeatedly are health potions , which can be bought or found but not created . The Move controller creates the potions . You are asked to go through the motions of grinding berries , sprinkling dust or pouring a liquid into a cauldron , and then must stir using the wand controller to mix the ingredients together . Despite being a role-playing game , there is no traditional "  leveling up . " Any advancement happens through the potions you create and quaff and the spells you find as the game progresses . The game 's dialogue is funny and spirited . There are plenty of quips and one-liners but unfortunately no chances for players to retort . The voice actors for Finn and Erline project real emotions into the characters and help the players feel empathic to their fears , their jokes and their hopes . "  Sorcery " should be the right game for the Move controller , and in many ways , it is . The action flows well , the story is easy to follow and the characters are noteworthy . It is n't a very deep game , but as an introduction of sorts to Sony 's Move tech , it does n't have to be . "  Sorcery " is now available for the PlayStation 3 , and only uses the Move motion controller , navigation controller and Eye camera . It is rated E 10 + for Everyone 10 years of age and older due to fantasy violence , mild blood , and mild suggestive themes . This review was done using a provided retail copy for the PS3 .	"  Sorcery " showcases the Sony Move 's capabilities The game is fun , but aiming with the controller is sometimes imprecise The game features Finn , a sorcerer 's apprentice who must save a princess It has fun dialogue but no chance for players to respond
CNN  -- Occupy protesters succeeded in shutting down overnight operations at California 's port of Oakland on Monday night after a day of similar protests in several other U.S. cities . The protests in Oakland have "  disrupted workers trying to get to work and impaired the port 's ability to operate , " port spokesman Issac Kos-Read told CNN . Craig Merrilees , a spokesman for the International Longshore and Warehouse Union , said the port has told its members not to report for work for the overnight shift because of the mass of protesters at the port . Earlier Monday , the port authority said in a statement there were "  some delays of truck traffic " but said the port remained operational . On a normal night , several hundred people would be working the graveyard shift , Kos-Read said . Day shifts involve several thousand , he said . He said the protests have cost workers their wages , cost the city and region some revenue and could cause shipping firms to divert vessels to other ports . "  What has this accomplished ? " he asked . "  This is disrupting the 99 % " Oakland has been a flashpoint of the Occupy movement since October , when police used tear gas to break up demonstrators who refused to leave downtown . One demonstrator , a Marine veteran of the war in Iraq , suffered a skull fracture after being hit with a police projectile , according to a veteran 's group ; police said they acted after the crowd threw paint and other objects at officers . The ILWU -- which represents 15,000 dockworkers -- has distanced itself from the protest movement . The union "  shares the Occupy movement 's concerns about the future of the middle class and corporate abuses , " ILWU President Robert McEllrath wrote to locals last week -- but he urged the movement to stay out of its dispute with the port of Longview , Washington , and warned against "  outside groups attempting to co-opt our struggle in order to advance a broader agenda . " Monday 's demonstrations also took place in Los Angeles , Seattle , Houston and Portland , Oregon . Organizers said the goal was to shut down ports in an effort to "  disrupt the economic machine that benefits the wealthiest individuals and corporations . " In Houston , police arrested 20 protesters after dozens of police on foot and on horseback confronted a somewhat larger group of Occupy protesters who blocked an interstate on-ramp , authorities said . Groups of up to six protesters lay down on the pavement and interlocked arms and legs , while a larger group stood near them yelling protest slogans . Officers set up barricades to cordon off protesters in an attempt to free the ramp for traffic . The majority of the protesters could be seen moving behind the barricades , with a few exceptions , including those who had lain down . Police handcuffed some protesters and led them to a police vehicle . Six face felony charges of using criminal instruments to block a public roadway , said Houston Police Department spokesman Victor Senties . In Long Beach , California , protests caused isolated traffic delays but did not hinder port operations , according to Police Chief Jim McDonnell . "  Two arrests were made -- one for resisting and one for failure to disperse , as well as a number of traffic citations issued to pedestrians , " he said . About 80 protesters demonstrated outside the gate of San Diego 's port , but caused no disruption , port spokesman Ron Powell said . "  They were there at a time when we really did n't have a lot of truck traffic coming in and out , " he said . Four people who sat down in the road were arrested , he said . San Diego police did not immediately return a telephone call seeking information on the arrests . A spokesman for the port in Portland said the protests had partially shut down the port there . In addition to the West Coast port blockades , demonstrators in Salt Lake City and Denver said they were planning to disrupt operations of Walmart distribution facilities . About 40 to 50 people protested at the Denver facility , CNN affiliate KCNC reported . The demonstrations were part of a nationwide day of protest called in the aftermath of efforts by cities across the country -- including New York , Boston and Oakland -- to clear demonstrators from encampments they had set up in public parks and other locations . "  We are occupying the ports as part of a day of action , boycott and march for full legalization and good jobs for all to draw attention to and protest the criminal system of concentrated wealth that depends on local and global exploitation of working people , and the denial of workers ' rights to organize for decent pay , working conditions and benefits , in disregard for the environment and the health and safety of surrounding communities , " organizers said on their website . The port protesters are focusing on terminals owned by SSA Marine , saying it is owed by the Goldman Sachs investment firm , which they argue exemplifies corporate greed and is anti-union . SSA Senior Vice President Bob Watters disputed the protesters ' claims , saying Goldman Sachs owns less than 3 % of an investment fund that has a minority stake in the company . He also said the company is the largest employer of International Longshore and Warehouse Union members on the West Coast . In a letter to members sent last month , International Longshore and Warehouse Union president Robert McEllrath said the organization shares Occupy protesters concerns about what they consider corporate abuses , but he said the union was not sanctioning any shutdown . Protest organizers said on their website that they were acting independently of organized labor only because the unions are "  constrained under reactionary , anti-union federal legislation . " Some port workers are also against the planned blockade . "  I 'm just barely getting on my feet again after two years , and now I got ta go a day without pay while somebody else has something to say that I 'm not really sure is relevant to the cause , " trucker Chuck Baca told CNN affiliate KGO . Port officials say shutting down their facilities will only cost workers and their communities wages and tax revenue . "  Protesters wanted to send a message to the 1 % but they are impacting the 99 % , " said Portland port spokesman Josh Thomas . The stoppage is resulting in "  lost shifts , lost wages and delays , " he said . Port of San Diego board chairman Scott Peters issued an open letter to the community on Sunday asking that protesters not disrupt work . "  The Port of San Diego is made up of working people with families who serve the public each day by helping to bring in goods that are important to the people of the San Diego region , " Peters wrote . "  They are the 99 % , the gardeners , the maintenance workers , the dock workers , the Harbor Police officers , the office workers , the environmental workers -- all working to improve the quality of life in San Diego Bay and on its surrounding lands , " he said . "  It is these people who would be hurt by a blockade of our Port . " CNN 's Greg Morrison , Amanda Watts , Shawn Nottingham and Sara Weisfeldt contributed to this report .	NEW : Oakland 's port asks union members not to come in due to protests , the union says 20 arrested at a port protest in Houston "  They are impacting the 99 % , " Portland port spokesman says The longshoremen 's union distances itself from the effort
CNN  -- Will elementary and middle school students soon be able to put up their own Facebook pages ? It looks like it . According to news accounts , Facebook is considering doing away with its rule that no one under age 13 may have a Facebook page . Cranky math instructors and tyrannical P.E. coaches must be at least a tad nervous at the thought of what the little darlings might post about them . But the change could be a good thing if it encourages a reasonable amount of parent involvement . The things the rest of us do on Facebook -- reveal what we had for lunch , post way too many photos of our kids and pets , comment on what Queen Elizabeth wore for her 60th anniversary jubilee -- are considered too dangerous for 10 - , 11 - , or 12-year-olds to do , even if their "  public " consists only of people they 've invited to be their friends . One result is that millions of pre-teens -- 7.5 million , according to a Consumer Reports account last year -- have established profiles on Facebook , some using fictitious names . Five million of them are younger than 10 . What 's most disturbing is that in many cases , parents have helped their kids circumvent the rules . What , pray tell , does that teach their children ? The parameters of the policy under consideration at Facebook are undetermined but would work something like PG-13 movies . One idea is that the child 's page would be linked through the parent 's page -- a sidecar , if you will . Savvy parents would give their children as much privacy as possible even if wincing sometimes at what they saw . But they 'd also have the opportunity to step in if they noticed something that was hurtful , dangerous or inappropriate . Schools of thought : My kids wo n't be on Facebook anytime soon Despite what some adults might think or read , teens , at least by their own account , are pretty responsible when it comes to social networking . According to the Pew Research Center 's Internet and American Life Project , more than 7 out of 10 teens say that other teens with whom they 're online are kind , not mean . Of course , they 've seen instances of cruelty . But let 's not forget they see that in school , too ; in fact , according to what they told Pew , most of the bullying they see or experience happens in person . Only 15 % say they 've been victims of online cruelty -- interestingly , the same proportion of adults who report being hurt by other adults . According to Pew , teens are receiving lots of counsel about Internet safety and responsible behavior . Amanda Lenhart , who directs Pew Internet 's research on teens , children and families , was struck by how many different advisers there were . Kids on Facebook ? Some people think otherwise "  Teens average five sources from which they receive advice about online safety and responsibility , " she said . Parents give the most , followed by teachers , the media , siblings or cousins , friends and older relatives . Pew also found evidence that many parents and other adults are monitoring teens ' online profiles . "  The village is active , " Lenhart says . That 's on behalf of teenagers . Just think how much guidance the under-13 set would receive . Some people will find it hard to believe Pew 's findings . We do n't hear or read much about what adults are doing to ensure , as much as possible , the safety of children and young people who go online . What we do hear about , particularly from companies that want to sell certain kinds of software to protect users , is the cruelty and misbehavior that the Internet makes possible . Â Certainly , one can buy commercial software that can , for example , track a child 's texts , block texting altogether and monitor a child 's location . But such software should be a last resort . A better first step is to share questionable online experiences with our preteens on sites like Facebook , in order that they learn how to handle such situations on their own . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Laura Sessions Stepp .	Facebook is considering changing rule to allow preteens to have their own pages Laura Stepp : 7.5 million preteens are already on Facebook , 5 million under 10 Children 's pages could be linked through their parents ' pages , she says , allowing supervision Stepp : Letting your child have a Facebook page is a chance to teach safe online behavior
CNN  -- A New Hampshire police chief was cited Friday for improperly storing his service firearm after a teenager used the weapon to commit suicide in the chief 's home in March , according to the local prosecutor . Danville Police Chief Wade Parsons allegedly left his firearm , a .40 - caliber Glock 22 pistol , on top of a safe in his bedroom closet on March 11 , said Rockingham County Attorney Jim Reams . Parsons left the house to run errands , while the boy -- the 15-year-old son of the chief 's girlfriend -- remained in the home . "  The service weapon was used by a juvenile to shoot himself while no one else was home , " Reams said in a news release . When Parsons returned , he discovered the boy 's body , Reams said . "  There is no clear explanation  for the suicide  , " Reams told CNN Friday . There had been no previous signs that the youth was troubled , Reams added . Parsons was not charged in the youth 's death , Reams said . The chief was charged with violating a New Hampshire statute that requires any person to securely store a firearm when a child is likely to gain access to it without parental or guardian permission . A court date has not yet been set . The maximum fine under the statute is $ 1,000 , according to Reams ' news release . This is the first time Reams has cited anyone with the violation in his 15 years as county attorney , he said . Parsons did not immediately respond to CNN 's requests for comment . Danville is located in southeastern New Hampshire and is about 10 miles north of the Massachusetts line . Reams said he hopes the tragedy will remind people of the importance of storing weapons properly . "  Nobody feels worse about this than the police chief , " said Reams . "  But I hope it 's a reminder to people in New Hampshire to make sure that children do n't have unsupervised access to firearms . That 's the statement our legislature has made . We expect people to live up to it . "	New Hampshire police chief is cited after his fiream is used by a teenager for suicide The weapon was left unsecured while the chief was away from home on errands , authorities say Dead is the 15-year-old son of the chief 's girlfriend Chief is cited with improperly storing a gun
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The fighting that erupted in Baghdad 's Sadr City last month has killed 925 people and wounded 2,605 , a top government official said Wednesday . Iraqis mourn outside the Sadr City hospital Wednesday after several people were killed in clashes . Most of the casualties consist of civilians and "  criminal elements attacked by us , " said Tahseen al-Sheikhly , a spokesman for the Baghdad security crackdown called Operation Enforcing the Law . Civilians are being caught in the crossfire because militants "  use the population to cover themselves , " al-Sheikhly said . The number of Iraqi civilians killed and wounded nationwide continued to increase during April . According to Iraq 's Interior Ministry , 969 civilians died and 1,750 were wounded during April . In March , the total was 923 civilians killed and 1,358 wounded -- a sharp increase over February , when 633 died and 701 were wounded . Despite Shiite militants ' calls for the Iraqi government to honor a cease-fire , al-Sheikhly said , the crackdown on insurgents will end when the insurgency ends . "  I do n't think there is a timetable for all this . I ca n't tell that this will end tomorrow or the day after , " he said . The attacks "  will end when those aspects of violence end . " He echoed sentiments expressed earlier in the day by Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , who said the government will not accept the existence of a nongovernment armed force . Word of the casualties came as the U.S. military said its highest death toll in seven months reflected an effort by Iraqi militants to reassert themselves after weeks of government crackdowns . Watch how civilians are dying in the urban fighting  graphic content  " Three U.S. soldiers in Iraq were killed Wednesday in two roadside bombings , the U.S. military said . The first incident occurred about 1 a.m. during a walking patrol in northern Baghdad , the military said . The other two died about 4:50 p.m. when an improvised explosive device detonated in southern Baghdad , the military said . Names of the soldiers were withheld pending notification of their relatives . Another U.S. soldier died Wednesday in a bombing in the northern Iraqi province of Ninevah , according to the military . The deaths bring the April death toll for the U.S. military to 50 , the highest monthly tally since September . Most of the deaths occurred in and around Baghdad , and most were combat-related . Since the war in Iraq began , in March 2003 , 4,062 U.S. service members have died . Over the past several weeks , militants have increased mortar and rocket attacks against civilian , government and military targets , said Gen. Kevin J. Bergner , spokesman for Multi-National Force-Iraq . "  These indirect fire attacks have killed some 40 people in Baghdad , with some 370 others injured , " he said . Troops "  are responding appropriately to these lethal attacks . As we do so , we use precision strikes and take precaution to limit the damage , " Bergner said . "  We have said all along this will be a tough fight . " A member of the American-backed militia Sons of Iraq was killed Wednesday , and four others -- three of them also Sons of Iraq members -- were wounded , when an improvised explosive device detonated near the town of Hawija , Iraq , the U.S. military said . The Sons of Iraq members were returning from a meeting when the explosion occurred , the military said . The wounded were taken to a hospital in Hawija , about 70 kilometers  43 miles  southwest of Kirkuk . U.S. and Iraqi troops have clashed with Shiite militants in Sadr City , a sprawling , crowded Shiite slum . Many of the militants are loyal to cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and his Mehdi Army militia . Much of the fighting has been between the Mehdi Army and U.S.-backed Iraqi security forces , which are dominated by a rival Shiite group , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq . The fighting intensified March 25 , when the Iraqi government announced a crackdown on "  criminal elements " in Basra , a Shiite stronghold in southern Iraq . The fighting soon spread through southern Iraq 's Shiite heartland and into Shiite neighborhoods in the capital . There also has been violence in areas dominated by Sunnis , such as Nineveh and Anbar provinces . Skirmishes in Sadr City were aggravated this month when al-Sadr aide Sayyed Riyadh al-Nuri was shot outside his home in the Shiite holy city of Najaf . Al-Sadr suspended the activities of his militia in August . U.S. military commanders cited the suspension as a major reason for a decline in violence in Iraq . Another factor , commanders said , was last year 's troop escalation , dubbed the "  surge . " Al-Sadr issued a cease-fire for his followers March 30 . Fighting in Sadr City waned but remained intense , the U.S. military said . The cleric has intermittently appealed for calm and threatened to rescind his cease-fire order in recent weeks . Al-Maliki has threatened to boot al-Sadr 's supporters from parliament if the Mehdi Army does not stand down . An adviser to al-Maliki said this week that the government would halt its assault on militias if the groups hand in their weapons , turn in wanted militia members and refrain from interfering in the affairs of the Iraqi government and security forces . Al-Sadr has rejected the offer , saying al-Maliki has n't kept his end of the present cease-fire -- under which , the cleric 's supporters said , the Iraqi government would free nonconvicted prisoners belonging to the Sadrist movement and discontinue attacks on al-Sadr 's followers . Last week , al-Sadr threatened to wage "  open war " on U.S. troops if attacks do not cease . He issued a separate statement Friday to emphasize that his militia would target "  occupiers " and not Iraqis . In that statement , al-Sadr also said he would not accept the long-term agreement that the United States and Iraqi governments are crafting to replace the U.N. mandate for multinational forces in Iraq . The mandate expires in December . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : 3 U.S. soldiers killed in 2 roadside bombs ; total U.S. death toll at 4,062 Government attacks on militants will stop when insurgency stops , official says Official : Civilians killed because militants "  use the population to cover themselves " Iraqi security forces , Shiite militants have been fighting in Sadr City for weeks
George Zimmerman , set to stand trial in the 2012 shooting death of teenager Trayvon Martin , on Tuesday waived his right to a "  stand your ground " pretrial immunity hearing . Zimmerman 's attorneys have decided they will try this as a self-defense case . Florida 's deadly force law , also called "  stand your ground " , was passed in 2005 . It allows people to meet "  force with force " if they believe they or someone else is in danger of being seriously harmed by an assailant . Under the law , a person can use deadly force anywhere as long as he is not engaged in an unlawful activity , is being attacked in a place he has a right to be , and reasonably believes that his life and safety are in danger as a result of an overt act or perceived threat committed by someone else . In a pretrial immunity hearing , a judge would have ruled whether Zimmerman 's actions were protected under the "  stand your ground " law ; a ruling in favor of the defendant would have meant that no criminal or civil trial could proceed . Martin was shot and killed on February 26 , 2012 , while returning from a nearby convenience store to his father 's fiancée 's house in a gated community in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch captain , acknowledged that he shot the unarmed 17-year-old , but said Martin physically attacked him and he fired in self-defense . Initially , no charges were pursued , and the case soon became the center of a national controversy . Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder on April 11 , 2012 . During Tuesday 's motions hearing , Zimmerman defense attorney Mark O'Mara told Judge Debra Nelson there was nothing in the law that required the immunity hearing to take place before Zimmerman 's trial . O'Mara said the hearing could be requested after the defense has presented its case , but "  we 'd much rather have the jury address the issue of criminal liability or lack thereof . " Benjamin Crump , attorney for the Martin family , said Zimmerman 's decision to "  merge " the hearing and the trial "  is very telling of his defense , or lack thereof . " "  We believe the defense 's decision to waive a pretrial hearing and to merge the ` stand your ground ' hearing into the trial is to prevent putting George Zimmerman on the stand , " Crump said in a press release , "  and to preclude the public and the potential jury pool from previewing the many inconsistencies in George Zimmerman 's story . " Crump said a pretrial hearing was clearly the intent of state law because the statute "  grants immunity from civil lawsuits , arrests and trials , if a defendant prevails . " Crump continued : " ... the decision made by the defense to waive a pretrial hearing and to solely continue on to trial vindicates the many thousands of protesters who demanded George Zimmerman be arrested for the killing of Trayvon Martin . After all , to have a felony criminal trial an arrest must first be made . " After the motions hearing ended , prosecutors and defense attorneys were to meet in private with the judge to discuss jury issues for the June 10 trial .	George Zimmerman waives his right to a "  stand your ground " pretrial immunity hearing Zimmerman 's attorneys have instead decided to argue self-defense Zimmerman is set to stand trial for the February 2012 shooting death of Trayvon Martin
CNN  -- Mercedes domination of the Formula One season came to a shuddering halt in final qualifying for the Austrian Grand Prix Saturday as Brazilian veteran Felipe Massa took pole position . Massa held off Williams teammate Valtteri Bottas of Finland with championship leader Nico Rosberg only third for Mercedes . Rosberg 's teammate Lewis Hamilton fared worse , having to settle for ninth fastest on an afternoon of upsets . Hamilton , 22 points behind Rosberg in the title race after failing to finish in the previous round in Montreal , had his first effort in the last session of qualifying ruled out for running wide on the circuit then spun on the second . It was the 33-year-old Massa who adapted best to the twisting circuit at Spielberg , which is being used to host the first Austrian Grand Prix since Michael Schumacher won in 2003 . His time of one minute 8.579 seconds gave him his 16th career F1 pole and deprived Rosberg of his third straight pole . "  I 'm so happy with what 's happened today with us , our team . It 's such a great moment . It 's been a long time since I had my last pole position , which was in Brazil in 2008 , " Massa said . Mercedes , with Williams pressing them , had dominated the three practice sessions ahead of qualifying so Rosberg was surprised to trail when it mattered . "  I definitely did n't expect Williams to be ahead of me today but they did a good job , " the German said . "  I will do my best . It was a strong performance  from Massa and Bottas  but I think I can be faster in the race . So we 'll see ... I think I have good chances , " he added . It was a disappointing afternoon for Red Bull after Daniel Ricciardo 's victory in Canada where both Rosberg and Hamilton suffered technical problems . Ricciardo eventually finished fifth -- just behind Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso -- but four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel failed to even make the final session and had to settle for 13th fastest . The hiccup in Montreal aside , where Rosberg still managed second place , Mercedes had enjoyed a near perfect season heading into Austria with six victories and seven pole positions . Force India 's Sergio Perez took 11th spot in qualifying , but will be penalized five places on the grid for his part in a late and high speed crash with Massa in Montreal two weeks ago . Massa had to receive medical treatment after the horrific incident but has rebounded back in some style .	Felipe Massa on pole for Austrian Grand Prix Massa edges out teammate Valtteri Bottas in final qualifying Nico Rosberg third for previously all-conquering Mercedes Lewis Hamilton back in ninth with Sebastian Vettel 13th
The "  Rumours " are true : Christine McVie has returned to Fleetwood Mac . The keyboardist and singer , who retired from the band in 1998 , has rejoined the best-selling group , representative Liz Rosenberg confirmed Tuesday -- and there may be more to come , she said . "  Christine McVie has rejoined Fleetwood Mac and there may be an announcement about a potential tour for all the Macsters down the road , " Rosenberg said . McVie , 70 , became part of Fleetwood Mac after the departure of founding guitarist Peter Green in 1970 . She was then married to the group 's bassist , John McVie . 35 years of ` Rumours ' In 1975 , the three remaining members of the group -- the two McVies and drummer Mick Fleetwood -- added guitarist Lindsey Buckingham and singer Stevie Nicks . The five-person lineup became one of the most successful bands in pop history , with such best-selling albums as "  Fleetwood Mac "  1975  , "  Rumours "  1977  , "  Tusk "  1979  and "  Mirage "  1982  . McVie 's lush , smoky voice can be heard on many of the band 's biggest hits , including "  Say You Love Me , " "  Do n't Stop "  trading vocals with Buckingham  , and "  Think About Me . " Fleetwood Mac 's success brought with it a number of romantic complications -- the McVies divorced , Buckingham and Nicks split up and Fleetwood had an affair with Nicks -- much of which was alluded to on their records . The group was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998 . ` Rumours ' still the ` perfect album ' Christine McVie left the band for a variety of reasons , not least because she missed her native England , she said in an interview . "  When we left to try to hack out a career in the States they assured me it would only be for six months . We never came back , " she told the  UK  Sunday Express in 2004 . "  I 'm 60 now and for the first time in my life I feel really at ease with myself , dare I say it , happy . " However , last year she told The Guardian she would be open to returning to the band . "  I miss them all , " she said after joining Fleetwood Mac for some appearances at London 's O2 arena . "  If they were to ask me I would probably be very delighted . " John McVie diagnosed with cancer	McVie , a keyboardist and singer , retired from the band in 1998 She had joined in 1970 , was married to bassist John McVie for several years Fleetwood Mac 's albums include "  Rumours , " "  Mirage "
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Two NATO-led soldiers were killed and six wounded in an attack in a U.S. base in eastern Afghanistan early Sunday , officials said . U.S. soldiers at the Bagram base in Afghanistan prepare for a mission earlier this year . The soldiers were serving with the International Security Assistance Force , the organization said in a statement . The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks . Spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said three missiles were launched at the base at about 2 a.m. local time  5:30 p.m. Saturday ET  . The attacks occurred at Bagram air field . The injured were being treated at the base , according to the statement . The security force does not release the nationality of casualties before the relevant country officials . Bagram is home to thousands of troops from the U.S. military . The majority of the troops do not leave the base and are in various support roles for U.S. troops across Afghanistan . "  On behalf of ISAF , I share our grief and extend our support to the loved ones of these service members , " said Brig. Gen. Richard Blanchette , a spokesman . "  As we continue this vital mission in support of the Afghan people , we will remember this sacrifice with honor and the utmost respect . " The international alliance was formed under a U.N. mandate to bolster a secure environment and support the reconstruction of Afghanistan . NATO took command in 2003 . The force comprises about 50,000 troops from 42 countries . CNN 's Atia Abawi contributed to this report .	Two soldiers killed and six wounded in attack at U.S. base in Afghanistan The attacks occurred at Bagram air field early Sunday Nationality of dead soldiers yet to be confirmed
Last year , voters in Colorado approved legalizing recreational marijuana , and on Tuesday night , they resoundingly supported taxing it . With nearly all votes counted , 65 % supported the new tax , while 35 % opposed it . The measure would impose a special 15 % excise tax on marijuana to help fund school construction , along with a 10 % sales tax to bolster marijuana-related law enforcement efforts . The passage was widely expected , despite opponents arguing it 's unfair to single out marijuana for higher taxation than products such as beer . Strong support for the measure is pegged largely to the money it is expected to bring in . The nonpartisan Colorado Legislative Council projects that the measure will generate nearly $ 70 million in additional state tax revenue next year . There were 30 other measures on the ballot in six states Tuesday , all of which were too early to call for CNN . Here are highlights from a few : Colorado : secession Voters in 11 counties in northern Colorado are being asked if they want to secede from the state . Ten counties in conservative , rural northeastern Colorado would theoretically form a 51st state known as North Colorado . Moffat County , located in the northwest corner of the state , would become a panhandle for neighboring Wyoming . The plan has no chance of becoming reality . Among other things , it would also require statewide and congressional approval . But approval or even a close vote at the county level would send a loud message of growing grassroots conservative anger toward a more liberal Denver-based Democratic establishment that has taken up controversial measures related to gun control , gay rights and green energy . With more than 50,000 votes counted in Weld County , the most populated county of those trying to secede , 58 % of votes were against secession and 42 % were in favor of it . CNN , however , does not yet have a projection on this measure . Similar secession measures have been floated in a number of other states in recent years in a reflection of the country 's growing ideological and partisan divide . Washington : Labeling genetically modified food Voters in Washington state are considering a hotly contested initiative that would require labeling all foods containing genetically modified ingredients . The measure pits local consumer advocates , who argue that the measure is needed for consumers to make better informed choices , against large agribusinesses such as Monsanto , which argue that such a law would spook potential customers and unfairly imply that such products are unsafe . Washington is the second state to consider such a ballot measure . A similar proposal was narrowly rejected by California voters last year . With more than 800,000 votes counted , 53 % of Washington State voters opposed the labeling , while 47 % supported it . It is still , however , too early for CNN to call this race . According to the nonpartisan National Conference of State Legislatures , 95 bills relating to the issue have been introduced in various legislatures so far this year -- a reflection of growing public interest in the controversy surrounding genetically modified foods . Other noteworthy measures Voters in New Jersey are considering whether to amend their constitution to raise the state minimum wage from the federal level of $ 7.25 to $ 8.25 per hour . Future annual increases would be tied to changes in the cost of living . Eighteen states have a minimum wage that exceeds the federal requirement , according to the NCSL . New York voters are being asked to revise their constitution to allow the legislature in Albany to authorize seven casinos , with the goal of generating new revenue for public schools and potentially cutting property taxes .	Voters in Colorado resoundingly supported taxing marijuana on Tuesday Voters in 6 states will consider 31 ballot measures Tuesday Voters in 11 Colorado counties are considering the question of secession New Jersey voters are being asked to raise their state 's minimum wage to $ 8.25 per hour
Washington  CNN  -- Q . What does NASA 's "  Green Ninja , " calm wives and military weapons in Afghanistan have in common ? A . They all made Republican Sen. Tom Coburn 's annual book of government waste . The Oklahoma Republican , a devout believer in small government , said the federal government wasted $ 28 billion in 2013 on "  questionable and lower-priority " programs . Coburn , who supports deep cuts to the federal budget , said government waste could still be found despite outrage over the automatic budget cuts that went into effect last year . "  While  President Barack Obama  and his Cabinet issued dire warnings about the cataclysmic impacts of sequestration , taxpayers were not alerted to all of the waste being spared from the budget axe , " Coburn wrote in his report titled "  Wastebook 2013 . " Agencies that received the money do n't consider it wasted , however . The 177-page report that Coburn has been compiling for five years highlighted programs from the departments of Defense to Agriculture , from NASA to the National Institutes of Health . "  The nearly $ 30 billion in questionable and lower-priority spending in "  Wastebook 2013 " is a small fraction of the more than $ 200 billion we throw away every year through fraud , waste , duplication and mismanagement , " he said . Coburn 's examples of waste : Weapons destruction -- $ 7 billion Weapons destruction : Coburn said the Pentagon junking weapons and vehicles used in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars . "  The military has decided to simply destroy more than $ 7 billion worth of equipment rather than sell it or ship it back home , " Coburn said . For instance , Coburn said "  thousands " of heavily armored vehicles -- MRAPs -- used to protect troops from roadside bombs "  will simply be shredded . " Budget compromise clears Senate procedural hurdle Military response : The military defended the decision , saying it will keep about 11,000 but that a large number of them are no longer necessary with new military priorities . The remaining vehicles will be offered to law enforcement and other agencies . The cost is too great to ship the rest back and refurbish them to sit unused -- about $ 400,000 per vehicle , the Pentagon said . Fort Hood shooter paycheck -- $ 52,952 Coburn said Maj. Nadal Hasan , convicted of killing 13 people in a mass shooting at Fort Hood Army base in Texas in 2009 collected more than $ 278,000 in military benefits since the massacre . A military jury rendered a guilty verdict last summer , but he continued to be compensated until then . Army 's response : The Army defended the payments , noting that they stopped once Hasan was convicted per military law . "  He is innocent until proven guilty , " Army spokesman Troy Rolan , said . "  It 's the same concept it is in the military as it is for civilians . " Study : Wives should calm down -- $ 325,525 Coburn points to a National Institutes of Health study that cost more than $ 300,000 to find that the "  happiest " marriages "  were the ones in which the wives were able to calm down quickly " during conflict , the researcher in the report found . "  Men who want a happy marriage are probably wise to avoid telling their wives the government 's advice to resolving marital conflicts is for her to calm down , " Coburn 's report said . NIH 's defense : "  Understanding how couples maintain emotional satisfaction , especially in the face of everyday conflicts and challenges , can shed light on the qualities that define successful social relationships and point to interventions to support marital health in the long term . " The study did in fact find that "  women 's ability to manage emotional conflict may be an important signal to both partners of the health of a marriage . " The NIH said the research grant was part of a multifaceted study by the National Institute on Aging that looked at "  emotional function in aging . " Budget deal : Who wins , who loses ? NASA 's little green man -- $ 390,000 Coburn knocks NASA on two fronts : for its "  Green Ninja " character to teach children about global warming and for scaling back its manned space flight program . NASA "  seems to have shifted its focus from making contact with little green men to teaching children about fictional green ninjas , " Coburn wrote . He said the Green Ninja is supposed to be the equivalent of "  Smokey the Bear " and is a multimedia tool for teachers to educate children about global warming . "  While this project may be fun and even educational , NASA would have a much bigger impact inspiring young people to seek out careers in science and technology by focusing its resources on its primary missions , " Coburn wrote . NASA 's response : The agency has not yet responded to requests for comment . Here 's Coburn 's full list of government waste	GOP Sen. Tom Coburn released his annual report on government waste He highlighted 100 government programs and $ 28 billion worth of "  questionable " spending Coburn cites programs and other spending in many government agencies Agencies in question consider the spending legitimate
GUATEMALA CITY , Guatemala  CNN  -- Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom said Friday that government prosecutors are trying to determine who put microphones and video cameras in the presidential palace . Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom : "  Organized crime " may be behind cameras found in the presidential palace . "  It 's a serious allegation , it has never happened before in Guatemala , " he told CNN en Español . He said he did not know who was responsible for the breach of security , but added , "  One of the possibilities is organized crime . " He said "  a lot of people " had access to the palace and his office . Colom noted that Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's anti-narcotrafficking efforts may have pressured drug cartels to move their smuggling to other countries , including Guatemala . Calderon said in June that his campaign against drug traffickers was working . Mexico has seized more cocaine and money from drug cartels than anywhere else in the world and this summer Mexican authorities seized at least 16,000 arms , including more than 1,000 grenades . Colom said Friday that he has already taken measures to ensure his security and that of his family . The president said that the discovery of the microphones and cameras explain , to him , some strange experiences he 's had recently . He said he was in his office when the Guatemalan military called him and asked permission to seize a plane suspected of carrying illegal drugs . Within moments of approving the action , the plane disappeared . He is convinced the call was being monitored . Colom took office in January and is Guatemala 's first leftist president in 53 years . CNN 's Claudia Palacios contributed to this report .	President Alvaro Colom says microphones , cameras found in palace He says "  organized crime " may be involved Mexico 's anti-trafficking campaign may have pushed criminals to Guatemala , he says
CNN  -- A Kosovar man was arrested overseas and faces charges of participation in a terror plot involving several suspects from North Carolina , federal authorities said Thursday . Bajram Asllani , 29 , a resident of Mitrovica , Kosovo , is charged with providing material support to terrorists and conspiring to murder , kidnap , maim and injure people abroad , the Department of Justice said in a statement . He was arrested early Thursday in Kosovo on a provisional U.S. arrest warrant from the Eastern District of North Carolina . The United States will seek his extradition , authorities said . If convicted , he faces a maximum of 40 years in prison . "  People who are plotting to harm America and Americans are no longer a world away from us . This case began in Raleigh , N.C. , and now stretches across the globe , a circumstance no one would have thought possible less than ten years ago , " said Owen D. Harris , special agent in charge of the FBI in North Carolina , in the statement . Eight people were indicted last year in North Carolina on terror-related charges . According to a criminal complaint unsealed Thursday , Asllani was a member of the same conspiracy . The April 19 criminal complaint , unsealed Thursday , alleges Asllani "  solicited money from the conspirators to establish a base of operations in Kosovo for the purpose of waging violent jihad " and "  accepted funds from the conspirators to help him travel . " Kosovo , which declared independence more than two years ago , was once a restive province of Serbia with a majority ethnic Albanian population . Islam is Kosovo 's dominant religion in the Balkan nation . The complaint alleges that Hysen Sherifi , one of the eight indicted last year , left Raleigh for Pristina , Kosovo , in 2008 "  to pursue violent jihad " and formed a relationship with Asllani while in Kosovo . Asllani allegedly provided Sherifi with videos to recruit militants and directed Sherifi to collect money to buy land , where weapons can be stored and a base of operation could be established . The department said Sherifi returned to the United States , collected money and received a $ 15,000 check but was arrested before he could take the money back to Kosovo . The complaint also alleges Asllani received money from Sherifi for the purpose of obtaining travel documents . "  Sherifi often referred to Asllani as ` the brother ' in Kosovo who was advising him and who was ` wanted . ' According to the complaint , Asllani had been arrested by Kosovar law enforcement in 2007 and been placed on house arrest for a period of time . He was later convicted in absentia by a Serbian court in September 2009 for planning terrorist-related offenses and was sentenced to eight years of confinement , " the department said . Sherifi , a native of Kosovo , is a U.S. legal permanent resident in North Carolina . Five of those indicted are classified as U.S. citizens who are residents of North Carolina : Daniel Patrick Boyd , Zakariya Boyd , Dylan Boyd , Ziyad Yaghi , and Mohammed Omar Aly Hassan . Others indicted are Anes Subasic , a naturalized U.S. citizen and resident of North Carolina , and Jude Kenan Mohammad , a U.S. citizen . The complaint says Daniel Boyd wanted to help Sherifi raise money . "  Boyd stated he wanted to send his sons , Zakariya Boyd and Dylan Boyd , and himself to Kosovo after Sherifi returned . Zakariya and Dylan Boyd spent time online with Sherifi chatting with Asllani in Kosovo , " the department said . Another indictment last year added new charges against Daniel Patrick Boyd , Hysen Sherifi and Zakariya Boyd . It alleged that Daniel Boyd and Sherifi conspired to murder U.S. military personnel in a plot to attack troops at the Marine Corps Base in Quantico , Virginia . The three were also charged with weapons possession .	Man seized in Kosovo , charged with providing material support to terrorists Case that began in Raleigh , North Carolina ` stretches across globe ' Suspect provided videos to recruit militants
CNN  -- Long before our traveling friends had Facebook and Instagram to taunt us , they had postcards . So what better way to celebrate World Post Day , marked annually on October 9 , than thumbing through one of the biggest archives of postcards ever amassed ? Swiss entrepreneur Adolf Feller began collecting the cards at the end of the 19th century as souvenirs from trips taken to expand his electrical goods business . Friends and relatives soon pitched in to help supplement his hoard , which passed to his daughter , Elizabeth , on his death in 1931 . The collection contains more than 54,000 monochrome and colorful over-painted photographs depicting scenes from 140 countries , including New Zealand , Canada and Uganda . Some of the best postcards have been gathered in a book , "  The World in Pocket-Size Format : The Adolf Feller Postcard Collection , " by Monika Burri . It 's available from Swiss company Scheidegger and Spiess . World Post Day celebrates the anniversary of the 1874 creation of the Universal Postal Union , an international organization linking mail services around the world . Postcards appeared about the same time , with picture postcards following soon after . Accidents and natural disasters Back then , postcards were n't just for stirring envy among friends and relations . They were often used to send day-to-day messages rather than just greetings from vacation spots . As well as idyllic scenes , Feller 's collection depicts cultural differences and news events , such as accidents and natural disasters . Such postcards were often gathered in albums as mementos in the same way that subsequent generations would collect family vacation snaps . Sadly , the sending of postcards is now a tradition in decline . In 1951 , 4.5 billion were delivered in the United States , falling to 1.4 billion in 2010 and fewer than 1 billion today . It 's interesting to speculate how Feller would 've adapted to the world of online updates . As a businessman whose work involved technology , it 's possible he would 've been ahead of the curve , tweeting and uploading images from his travels . Then again , such was his enthusiasm for his collection , a post-postcard world might 've lacked the same appeal .	October 9 is World Post Day , celebrating the 1874 creation of the first postal union Swiss businessman Adolf Feller began collecting postcards in the late 19th century His collection contains 54,000 postcards from 140 countries
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- A number of Kenya 's Cabinet members and defense officials were warned about the possibility that the terror group Al-Shabaab was planning to carry out a Westgate-style attack a year before gunman stormed the Nairobi mall , according to several police and intelligence sources . The warnings were made by the country 's National Intelligence Service as part of regular situational reports given to cabinet members , the inspector general of police , members of the National Security Advisory Council and military intelligence . CNN has seen an electronic version of those reports , which contain an extensive list of terror threats from several regions across Kenya over an extended period , but they also specify Al-Shabaab posed a threat to several targets , including Westgate Shopping Mall . The news about the intelligence warnings come amid revelations that the mall favored by Westerners and tourists was long-considered a possible terror target . CNN has also learned that the Westgate mall attackers tortured some of the hostages . Military doctors said militants severed hands , cut off noses and , in some cases , hanged hostages . CNN has seen photographic evidence of one dead victim with a hand amputated . Inquiry begins Members of Parliament are expected Monday to begin grilling intelligence bosses , including the head of the National Intelligence Service , over the apparent intelligence failures . The news of the intelligence warnings follow the September 21 terror attack at Westgate that resulted in a four-day standoff that left at least 67 people dead and parts of the shopping center destroyed . Thirty nine are still unaccounted for , possibly buried beneath the rubble . The attackers claimed to be members of the Somali-based Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab itself made statements claiming responsibility , including saying on Twitter that it sent the gunmen in retaliation for Kenya 's involvement in an African Union military effort against the group , which is al Qaeda 's proxy in Somalia . Kenyan forces killed five terrorists , and 11 others are in custody over possible links to the attacks , President Uhuru Kenyatta has said . Immense work remains But an immense amount of work remains to learn how Al-Shabaab , a terror group thought to be badly bruised by recent losses in its Somalian homeland , was able to pull off such a well-coordinated and brazen attack . Last year , the Kenyan military was part of a peacekeeping force that defeated Al-Shabaab forces to liberate the key Somali port of Kismayo . Since Kenya launched attacks against Al-Shabaab in Somalia in 2011 , the group has hurled grenades at Kenyan churches , bus stops and other public places . It was the deadliest terror attack in Kenya since al Qaeda blew up the U.S. Embassy there in 1998 , killing 213 people . Terrorism experts say the attack bears eerie similarities to the 2008 siege of a hotel in Mumbai , India -- another upscale target with Western appeal . Lashkar-e-Taiba , a Pakistani terrorist group that attacked the hotel for more than three days , killing 166 people .	NEW : Militants severed hands , cut off noses and hanged hostages Kenya 's National Intelligence Service made the warning in its regular updates It said Al-Shabaab posed a threat to several Kenyan targets , including the mall At least 67 people died in the siege and 59 others are unaccounted for
Two U.S. embassy officials were wounded Tuesday in a shooting , apparently at a strip club , in Caracas , Venezuela . The U.S. State Department said two members of the embassy suffered non-life-threatening injuries but did not provide details . The shooting occurred at the Antonella 2012 club , said Miroslava Gomez , a police spokeswoman . Police and investigators combed the club , in the basement of a mall , but did not speak to reporters outside on Tuesday . Mall security said the establishment is a strip club . Signs posted outside the door of the club described it as a "  weapon-free zone " and said the entrance of couples , unaccompanied women or anyone under 30 is forbidden . Images of scantily clad women dancing around poles were plastered on a wall just inside the club 's entrance . The club 's manager said on Tuesday night that the shooting had occurred inside the establishment . The injured U.S. officials worked with the embassy 's defense liaison office , according to two U.S. officials who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . The two injured embassy officials were shot at a club in northeast Caracas , said an attending physician at a hospital in the Venezuelan capital . One was shot in the abdomen and the leg , and the other in the abdomen , Dr. Carlos Pacheco said . The State Department did not immediately release the names of the two injured officials . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell would not elaborate on what kind of establishment the officials were at , except to say it was "  some sort of social spot . " Asked Tuesday afternoon whether the shooting had occurred at a strip club , Ventrell told reporters , "  I have no information on the site whatsoever . " The department was not aware of any arrests , Ventrell said , but it is in contact with local authorities . Embassy security and health unit personnel were at the hospital and have reached out to the officials ' families , Ventrell said .	Two U.S. officials say the embassy staffers shot in Venezuela are military officials The officials were shot at the Antonella 2012 club , a police spokeswoman says The State Department says the officials ' injuries are not life-threatening
After a daylong manhunt , authorities have taken into custody an enlisted man they say stabbed a fellow service member on a Virginia naval base , a U.S. Navy captain said Friday . Capt. Michael "  Jake " Johannson , commanding officer for Naval Support Activity Hampton Roads , announced that the suspect -- Petty Officer 3rd Class Wilbur Harwell -- was apprehended "  without incident " in Virginia Beach . The Navy captain did not detail how Harwell traveled the 20 miles east from where the stabbing occurred at the Portsmouth annex to Virginia Beach , though he noted he believes the suspect was alone at the time . "  It 's a good news story how it ended , " Johannson said . But he acknowledged that things had been much worse earlier in the day , starting with a stabbing around 8:30 a.m. in front of the private military store , or exchange , at the base . This followed an alleged altercation between the 26-year-old Harwell and another enlisted officer , whom Johannson identified as Petty Officer 2nd Class Justin Powell . Powell was "  stabbed several times , " according to the Navy captain . Navy officials -- with the assistance of federal , state and local authorities -- sprung into action after learning of the violent incident , both to look for Harwell and to ensure that the surrounding area was secure . That included a major hospital there , the Naval Medical Center Portsmouth , which authorities at one point indicated they would evacuate patients . "  We locked down the base as soon as we knew there was a stabbing incident , " Johannson said . The commanding officer urged the public to send their thoughts and prayers for Powell , a Sarver , Pennsylvania , native who joined the Navy in 2007 . Johannson said early Friday evening that Powell was in critical condition at a nearby hospital after undergoing surgery . About 4,300 military and civilian personnel work at the medical center , which is across the Elizabeth River from Norfolk . It is the oldest continuously operated hospital in the Navy , according to its website . It serves about 420,000 military members , families and retirees in the Hampton Roads region , home to one of the largest concentrations of military power in the world . Georgia courthouse shooter had bombs , assault rifle Canada shooting : Suspect yelled ` I 'm done ' at time of arrest 3 shot at Seattle Pacific University	Stabbing victim undergoes surgery , is in critical condition , captain says He says base was locked down "  as soon as we knew there was a stabbing " An enlisted member of the U.S. Navy allegedly stabbed another at a U.S. Navy base Captain : The suspect in the stabbing is taken into custody in Virginia Beach
CNN  -- Scores of protesters gathered outside a Sudanese courtroom Tuesday as the trial of a woman who faces 40 lashes for wearing clothes deemed indecent was postponed . Lubna al-Hussein was told she had pants considered too tight and a blouse too transparent . Lubna al-Hussein , who says she was arrested for wearing pants that were too tight , faces a new trial date of September 7 , her attorney Nadil Adib said . The delay was to allow the judge to consult Sudan 's Foreign Ministry on whether al-Hussein is immune from the charges because she was formerly a U.N. employee , he said . Al-Hussein -- who writes for a newspaper and worked for the media department of the United Nations mission in Sudan -- resigned from her U.N. position to deliberately lose immunity and face the charges . She was "  disappointed " with the court 's decision to delay her trial , Adib said . "  She wanted to have her case tried in order to clear her name and have the law announced unconstitutional , " he said . Al-Hussein was arrested along with 18 other women on July 3 at a Khartoum restaurant after police burst in and checked women for their clothing . "  I do n't think she was targeted specifically , " Adib said . "  They attack public and private parties and groups . They are called ` morality police ' and she was just a victim of a round-up . " At the time of her arrest , al-Hussein said she was wearing pants that police deemed too tight , a blouse they said was too sheer . She said she was also wearing a hijab -- or headscarf . Protesters gathered outside the courtroom in Khartoum Tuesday to support al-Hussein , carrying banners and wearing headbands with the messages , "  No return to the dark ages " and "  No to suppressing women . " Others demanded an amendment to the country 's public order law which human rights activists say is vague on what constitutes indecent dress . Last week , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said he was deeply concerned about al-Hussein 's case . "  The United Nations will make every effort to ensure that the rights of its staff members are protected , " Ban said . "  The flogging is against the international human rights standards . I call on all parties to live up to their obligations under all relevant international instruments . " Al-Hussein told the British Broadcasting Corporation that she wants a public flogging to make a point about the treatment of women in Sudan . She even sent out 500 invitations to witness her lashings . "  I 'm not afraid from pain ... but flog is not pain , flog is  an  insult , insult to humans , insult to women , " al-Hussein told the BBC . "  This happened in Khartoum and under the eye ... of media and all over the world ... to girl from Khartoum for only wearing trousers and sit in a restaurant , " she said . "  I want people  to  imagine that . What can be happening to women in Darfur ? This is my message . " CNN 's Errol Barnett and Elham Nakhlawi contributed to this report .	Lubna al-Hussein faces a new trial date of September 7 Al-Hussein says she was arrested for wearing too-tight pants Judge delayed trial to check whether she was immune from charges
CNN  -- Pirates have hijacked two European-owned chemical tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past 24 hours , the European Union Maritime Security Center said Thursday . The 23,000-ton Norwegian-owned and Bahamian-registered M/V Bow-Asir was captured 250 miles east of the southern Somali city Kismayo on Thursday morning , the security center said in a release . The M/V Nipayia , a 9,000-ton Greek-owned and Panamanian-registered vessel with 19 crew members , was attacked approximately 450 miles east of Kismayo on Wednesday afternoon , the security center said . Officials have issued an alert site notifying all vessels in the area to be aware of the increase in pirate activity .	Pirates hijack two European-owned chemical tankers off the coast of Somalia 23,000-ton Norwegian-owned M/V Bow-Asir captured M/V Nipayia , a 9,000-ton Greek-owned vessel also seized
CNN  -- When I first heard of Justin.tv , I was insanely jealous . The idea was so brain-dead simple that a lot of people -- including me -- wondered how we had n't come up with it first . A self-admitted tech geek , Chris Pirillo is president of Lockergnome.com , a blogging network . Nowadays , Justin.tv is a bustling hub of streaming video channels broadcast and viewed by dozens of thousands . But at its humble beginning only a few short years ago , it was really just one guy  Justin Kan  walking around San Francisco with a webcam strapped to his head . It ran for 24 hours , seven days a week  barring technical difficulties  , whether he was being interviewed by NPR or chowing down on a salad . It was like the "  show about nothing " concept pitched by George Costanza and Jerry Seinfeld and made real -- and it took off instantly . I guess it 's like television or the rest of the Web : If someone is interested enough to do it , someone else will be interested enough to view it . One might wonder about the sort of people so easily drawn into following such an experiment , but there were tons of us . Yes , I say "  us " because I have to count myself among its first flock of fans . An unedited , human-eyed peek into the life of another person ? Color me fascinated ! It reminds me of how we 'd sit glued to MTV in the '80s because , even if we were n't interested in what was on at that very moment , we were constantly in suspense of what might come next . Even if you were n't all that interested in going round n ' round with Ratt , you might hang out for a while to watch Thomas Dolby get blinded with science . Anything could happen . But suspense is only part of the equation when trying to make sense of the phenomenon that is reality entertainment . I think part of the appeal is that it inspires us with the feeling that we , too , can create and participate . It 's an unscripted exercise ripe with the potential for adventure . You do n't have to be an award-winning playwright for a crack at having your voice heard by a sizeable audience . A tiny green fellow I once knew would be proud that it 's become more popular to "  do " than to "  not do " or -- worse -- "  try . " Ah , Kermit . I wonder what he 's up to these days ? Thus inspired , like many of you out there , I 'm one of those people who took the initiative and decided to give this "  lifecasting " thing a go . Much of my day is spent in front of a Web cam , interacting with my viewers in an IRC chat room . We throw ideas around  usually tech-related , but conversation can meander off into matters of pet care and the intricacies of quantum knitting . You just never know  and I try to help people solve the computer problems that make them go "  hmmm . " Over the years , I 've found that troubleshooting is something I 'm good at doing . Being available on the Web for hours every day lets me help more people than I would have been able to even just a few short years ago . Best of all ? I like to do it ! In another age , I could have been a black-lunged coal miner or a scurvy-withered prison ship navigator . Yeah , I think I 'll count my 21st-century blessings . My joy at having found a calling in the modern world must carry across to computer monitors around the globe , because I 'm constantly being asked by my viewers how they , too , can get their foot in the lifecasting door . The will 's way 's been paved ; technology has adapted along with lifecasting 's popularity and it 's actually easier than ever to get started . All you need is a webcam , a microphone , and an Internet connection . Many live streaming services are free for personal use , though do n't rule out pre-recording videos when you 're starting out to get the hang of things before making the plunge into 100 % live lifecasting . I 'm not trying to discourage anyone from jumping right in with both feet , but some people find comfort in cultivating their front-of-the-camera craft before going public , and that 's fine . Build your self-confidence and mind your mannerisms , but always expect the unexpected . You will get caught off guard now and again , regardless of how much preparation you think you 've done -- and that 's fine , too . It 'll thicken your skin . Interact with your viewers . This will thicken your skin even more , but you might be surprised at how supportive people can be if they like what you 're doing . Think about broadcasting social events , but always get permission . Do n't shove a camera in someone 's face if they 're not expecting it . If you 're not intimidated by any of this , then go ahead and give lifecasting a try . Have a reason to do it , even if it 's personal . Do n't be afraid to be yourself . Most important : Have fun , and do n't take yourself too seriously .	Tech enthusiast Chris Pirillo shares tips for "  lifecasting " your daily doings on the Web All you need is a webcam , a microphone , and an Internet connection Justin.tv began with a guy strapping a webcam to his head and streaming it live Consider pre-recording videos when you 're starting out to get the hang of things
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Borrowed place , borrowed time . That was the mantra in Hong Kong as the clock ticked down to the British colony being handed back to China in 1997 . And as the handover loomed , Hong Kongers were frantic to make money to get a passport before the communist mainland reclaimed the territory . They feared an end to the free-wheeling ways of capitalism where money brought power , prestige -- and if needed , an escape route . But there was a small , vocal minority who talked instead about the tail wagging the dog . Far from being subsumed by China 's political system , Hong Kong would in fact lead it towards democracy . Why ? Because , if this handover worked , it could lure a much bigger prize in the form of Taiwan . If democracy , prosperity and personal freedoms flourished in this territory , Taiwan could be induced to rejoin China after its seminal split in 1949 . Opinion : Why Beijing is courting trouble But events of the past week have been a watershed in Hong Kong 's political development . The ultimate goal of universal suffrage -- one person , one vote -- has been subverted . Yes , there will be one person , one vote , but Beijing has said they want to control who Hong Kong 's voters are allowed to vote for . China 's leadership has made it crystal clear that any form of democracy will only come attached to very powerful Chinese characteristics . Hong Kong 's first chief executive , Tung Chee-hwa , who stepped down early after massive protests against his leadership , this week called Beijing 's move towards democracy "  real and substantive . " It 's hard to see how . If anything , Beijing has slammed the door on a true democratic process , one that allows anyone to stand for election . Hong Kong 's pro-democracy politicians have said they will veto any proposal that does n't allow for full suffrage , leaving the Special Administrative Region back at square one . Muted reaction Yet Hong Kong has hardly exploded in anger or frustration . In fact the reaction has been almost muted . Occupy Central with Love and Peace , a protest group committed to true universal suffrage , had threatened a campaign of bringing business in downtown Hong Kong to a standstill if China did n't allow for a more democratic process . In June , it conducted an unofficial referendum on the issue . Nearly 800,000 people out of a population of seven million took part despite , or perhaps because of , repeated and sophisticated cyber-attacks and overt criticism from Beijing . But the strategy of trying to win concessions from Beijing failed . And in an extraordinary admission just after Beijing made its ruling on Sunday , a leader of the Occupy movement , Benny Tai , in an interview with Bloomberg , conceded support for their cause was sliding . "  The number of people joining us  for a long-planned sit-in protest  will not be as big as we expect , because of the very pragmatic thinking of Hong Kong people , " he admitted . In many ways it comes back that same mindset in the run-up to the handover . Pragmatism wins over idealism . Before 1997 , the pragmatists were doing what they could to have a Plan B -- a way of getting out of Hong Kong if they needed to -- or working hard to ingratiate themselves with Beijing . Game of ` chicken ' Today they are apparently not prepared to take on Beijing in an eyeball-to-eyeball standoff . As David Zweig , a professor of political science at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology , said , "  If this was a game of chicken , the mainland has said : ` we 'll drive straight through this ' and Occupy Central has pulled aside and replied , ` we are n't willing to destroy Hong Kong . ' " But it may not be over yet . Hong Kong street demonstrations have a habit of morphing into a general protest against a range of issues from politics to working conditions to environmental concerns . Economics remain a powerful driving force . If the economy starts to fade , if unemployment starts to rise , it can become a catalyst for a much broader range of protesters . And neither Beijing nor Hong Kong 's leadership can ill-afford to ignore them .	Beijing recently said no to Hong Kong voting for its leaders without approval One pro-democracy leader in Hong Kong admitted support for their campaign may be sliding In 1997 Hong Kongers were frantic to get a passport before China reclaimed the territory Others talked about Hong Kong helping to encourage democracy in the mainland
CNN  -- The White House asked Wednesday that a federal shield law be reintroduced in the Senate , a move that could affect the way the Justice Department conducts investigations into leaks of secret government information . Administration officials told CNN that the request was made to Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York . It comes two days after the Associated Press announced that the Justice Department had seized some of its phone records as part of a national security leak investigation . "  This kind of law would balance national security needs against the public 's right to the free flow of information , " Schumer said in a statement . "  At minimum , our bill would have ensured a fairer , more deliberate process in this case . " The records covered a two-month period beginning in May 2012 and included more than 20 AP lines , including personal phones and AP phone numbers in New York ; Hartford , Connecticut ; and Washington . "  A shield law would keep lazy prosecutors from going after reporters ' notes and phone records and compel them to actually conduct investigations that do not step all over the First Amendment , " Teri Hayt , the First Amendment chairwoman of the Associated Press Media Editors , said in a statement issued before the White House announcement . Federal shield legislation -- which would protect journalists from revealing their sources and beef up protections for reporters and their sources caught up in such probes -- passed the Judiciary Committee in 2009 but never advanced . The AP phone records controversy pits First Amendment advocates against an administration that has made unprecedented moves to end the leaking of government secrets in the name of national security . "  If there were a shield law and it said that the government has to let you know when it 's subpoenaing your phone records , your hotel records or any other records that you do n't have in your hands , that would have been a big help , " said Chuck Tobin , chairman of the media law department at the law firm of Holland & Knight in Washington , who has represented the AP and CNN in the past . His comments too were made before the White House announcement . Related : Justice Department defends itself in AP snooping scandal "  They kept that information from journalists and went to the phone company to prevent giving journalists the chance to fight in court , " Tobin said in a telephone interview . "  That kind of end-run could be prevented if there were a federal shield law that required notice when the government goes after records from third parties . " He added , "  It 's colossally troubling to everybody , and should be , that the government can come between journalists and their sources in this kind of an unfocused and unbridled fashion . " Typically , he said , the government negotiates with the news media to ensure that any subpoena is tailored as narrowly as possible . But in this instance , "  the government issued what appears to be an overbroad subpoena , " skipping the step of notifying the journalists ahead of time , which would have given them the opportunity to challenge it . "  And they did it on purpose , " he said . "  They did not want to give the journalists an opportunity to try to get this narrowed or quashed . " Justice Department regulations allow the government to seize records only in the case of "  a substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation , " Tobin said , adding that that did not appear to have been the case with the AP probe . "  It 's hard to imagine that there was a substantial threat to an investigation of past events that would warrant not giving AP a chance to go to court on this issue , " he said . "  That 's deeply troubling . " The wire service said the investigation into its records appears related to an AP story about a thwarted terrorist plot in Yemen to bomb an airplane bound for the United States . "  These records potentially reveal communications with confidential sources across all of the newsgathering activities undertaken by the AP during a two-month period , provide a road map to AP 's newsgathering operations , and disclose information about AP 's activities and operations that the government has no conceivable right to know , " said Gary Pruitt , AP 's president and CEO , in a letter of protest sent Monday to Attorney General Eric Holder . Pruitt said Tuesday in a statement that the news organization had taken extraordinary measures to placate federal authorities , delaying publication of the story , at their request , "  until the government assured us that the national security concerns had passed . " At the time of publication , the administration itself was preparing to announce that the bomb plot had been foiled , he said . "  The White House had said there was no credible threat to the American people in May of 2012 . The AP story suggested otherwise , and we felt that was important information and the public deserved to know it . " But Holder told reporters on Tuesday that the article that prompted the investigation was one of "  the top two or three most serious leaks that I 've ever seen . " He testified Wednesday to the House Judiciary Committee that he could not comment on the matter because he had recused himself from the case to avoid any appearance of conflict of interest and that the matter was being handled by a deputy . Forty states have passed shield laws and nine others have de facto shield laws created by court decisions  Wyoming is the outlier  , according to the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , which offers legal advice and other resources to journalists . But the state laws confer no protection from federal actions like the one reported by the wire service . In the past decade , Congress has come close to passing a federal shield law . But support for the measure shrank during the WikiLeaks scandal in which thousands of classified U.S. diplomatic cables were released . Such a law could keep federal authorities from employing what some media lawyers decry as overly aggressive tactics . The issue has been muddied as the Internet has blurred the line between journalist and private citizen . Under a federal shield law introduced in 2011 , the federal government would have had to prove to a judge that the information it was seeking outweighed the journalist 's need to keep confidential information , according to the Society of Professional Journalists . Two years later , it remains in a subcommittee . The Justice Department 's seizure of AP 's phone records appears to have been legal , said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  A lot of people think the First Amendment protects journalists from having to disclose this sort of information , " he said Monday . "  Not true . Especially under federal law . There is no privilege to protect this kind of information . " But administrations since the Nixon White House have exercised restraint , he said . "  They have said , ` Look , we will do whatever we can to avoid having to subpoena journalists . ' " President Obama had indicated he would follow suit . A day after he entered office , on January 21 , 2009 , Obama said that he would embrace openness . "  Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency , " he vowed . That promise has not been kept , legal analysts contend . The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act , which was passed in 1917 , to target suspected leakers in six cases , twice the number undertaken by all previous administrations combined . Toobin said the AP 's subpoena was particularly egregious . "  I have never heard of a subpoena this broad , " he said . "  The administration is not violating the First Amendment , but they are certainly doing more than has ever been done before in pursuing the private information of journalists , and we will see if there is any political check on them , because there does n't appear to be any legal check on what they 're doing . " Such seizures risk turning the news media 's news-gathering process into an investigative tool of the government , said Gene Policinski , senior vice president and executive director of the First Amendment Center . "  Reporters become effectively recorders of contacts and information for the prosecution , not at all what journalism is supposed to be . " But a former spokesman for the Department of Justice who worked as an aide to Holder defended the government 's actions . "  What they 're trying to find out through this investigation is what government official broke the oath that they signed to protect classified information , " said Matthew Miller , who left the Justice Department in 2011 and is now a public affairs consultant in private practice . "  There is no reporters ' privilege in law protecting their records . " The Justice Department could have been even more aggressive , forcing the reporters to testify and throwing them in jail had they refused , he said . Besides , federal authorities have an incentive to find out who leaked the story that goes beyond the case , he said . "  The government has to send a signal to its employees that these laws mean something , and they will investigate and prosecute you for violating them . " Whether a federal shield law would keep the Justice Department from carrying out such actions "  would totally depend on what the federal shield law looks like , " Miller said , noting that several versions have been proposed . Some would prevent reporters from ever being subpoenaed , others would allow judges to carve out exceptions in cases of national security . White House press secretary Jay Carney reiterated on Tuesday that the administration had no involvement in any criminal investigation by the Justice Department . Presidential historian Douglas Brinkley predicted that the move will have little long-term impact . "  It seems to be a kind of a strange , isolated case , " he said in a telephone interview . He predicted the Obama administration would back off rather than court further outrage . CNN 's Thom Patterson contributed to this report	Proposed federal shield law might have protected Associated Press from seizure of records The Obama administration has taken a hard line against government leakers "  A shield law would keep lazy prosecutors from going after reporters ' notes , " says AP editor
CNN  -- A spectacular "  kinetic cube " is lighting up Seoul 's district of Gangnam . Comprised of 576 clear LED poles that move up and down , the 36-square-meter matrix , named "  Brilliant Cube , " continuously flashes hypnotic , colorful patterns and images in one of the most crowded -- and now famous -- areas of Seoul . Korean media artist Jin-Yo Mok created the 3D matrix in collaboration with Seoul-based media artist group Jonpasang , and requested animation images from fellow media artists Jussi Angesleva and Alvaro Cassinelli . The full hypnotic effect , that uses up to 120 kilowatts per day , can be seen in this video . More than 50 people were involved in the four-month production process . "  It should have taken a lot longer actually , but the Korean work environment does n't allow this so we finished very quickly , " said Mok . Mok was also the creative mind behind the beautiful three-layer LED facade of another Seoul icon -- the Shinsegae Department Store -- as well as the dramatic kinetic landscape "  Hyper Matrix " exhibited at the Yeosu Expo last year . Hyundai Motor Company commissioned the $ 1.5 million work , with additional support from the Gangnam district government . Mok 's artwork -- infusing art with technology -- fit the image that Hyundai has been increasingly aiming to project , leading to the Korean conglomerate 's commissions of both "  Brilliant Cube " and "  Hyper Matrix . " This latest project was unveiled in October with much fanfare . It was planned to show until December , but the end date has been extended until March due to its popularity . "  It will probably be moved to the national museum of contemporary art in Seoul after March , " said Mok .	Gangnam 's new art fixture is a spectacular LED kinetic sculpture The installation will be shown at its current location until March Hyundai has been commissioning works blending art and technology
Washington  CNN  -- House Democrats are bracing for a rough election night next Tuesday , and top leaders are making a major push for rank and file members to open their wallets to help save those vulnerable Democrats who are in danger of losing their seats . House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi and Rep Steve Israel , D-New York , chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee , held a conference call Tuesday afternoon with House Democrats and told them it was time to pony up -- and gave them a Friday deadline . According to a source on the call , a dozen House members and two Democratic candidates pledged almost $ 500,000 during the session . Several Democratic sources told CNN that members are expecting Republicans to pick up some seats , but they still believe that many House Democrats in competitive districts are positioned to survive if they get support . The DCCC has invested heavily in field operations with 950 staff in 40 districts . But the surge of outside money from GOP groups on new television and radio spots , combined with contributions from several wealthy GOP candidates , has Democrats concerned . In a memo circulated to House Democrats , the DCCC chairman argued that the uptick in GOP spending by outside groups was something the committee was prepared to counter . Israel wrote that despite the effort by Republicans and their allies , "  not a single Democratic incumbent is out of contention . This is a stark contrast from 2010 , where many incumbents were already down and out despite our best efforts . " But Israel also said , "  This climate is incredibly challenging and only getting harder . " So , with seven days left before the midterms , the leaders stepped up the pressure on members to give now . The DCCC has consistently out-raised its GOP counterpart over the course of the 2014 election cycle . According to the Center for Responsive Politics , House Democrats have raised over $ 172 million for the midterms , while House Republicans have raised about $ 131 million . For Democrats , much of the money has been brought in by top leaders like Pelosi , Israel and Rep Steny Hoyer , the No. 2 House Democrat . The purpose of the call on Tuesday was to make it clear that they expect others , especially those who were given plum committee posts by their leaders , to lend a hand . There are always members in both parties who sit on money in their campaign accounts at the end of an election cycle . Some of these members might be considering a bid for the Senate or governor , or may be reluctant to share the cash with their colleagues . But the ones who spent hours hosting fundraisers and trekking over to the Democratic headquarters to dial donors for dollars are frustrated with colleagues who do n't reach their targets and do n't seem to suffer major repercussions . According to a DCCC dues sheet obtained by CNN , about 90 % of House Democrats have contributed to the campaign committee , but 77 -- less than half of the House Democratic caucus -- have paid the full amount of dues for the 2014 midterms . Leaders were expected to raise between $ 450,000 and $ 800,000 for this cycle , and data from the DCCC shows 37 House Democrats exceeded their goals . Democrats on key committees overseeing banks , telecommunications companies , and other industries who donate to campaigns are also expected to raise significant money -- between $ 200,000 and $ 500,000 per election cycle , depending on their committee and seniority . But the 2013-2014 dues sheet shows many of those committee leaders fell short on their fundraising goals . For example , Michigan Rep Sander Levin , who is the top Democrat on the tax writing committee , gave $ 525,000 -- more than his assigned $ 500,000 . But California Democratic Rep Henry Waxman , who is the most senior Democrat on the Energy and Commerce panel , and a close ally of Pelosi 's , has sent in $ 10,000 of his $ 500,000 in dues . Waxman 's office did not respond to an inquiry from CNN . Internal tallies of members ' campaign contributions are regularly shared among House Democrats . Making sure fellow Democrats see the spreadsheets that show who is paying up and who is n't is a tool leaders hope will shame those who have n't given significant amounts yet to write checks . But it 's also a list leaders keep in mind when they decide who gets to keep slots on powerful committees in the next Congress .	Democratic leaders seek campaign donations from rank and file representatives As midterm vote nears , Democrats want final push for incumbents in tight races Representatives are asked to give their extra funds to help in those races
CNN  -- The numbers keep stacking up for Sebastian Vettel . On Sunday he will start on pole position for the 36th time in the 100th race of his Formula One career , with the opportunity to become the sport 's youngest triple world champion . The 25-year-old will clinch his third successive title if he wins his sixth race this season and main rival Fernando Alonso finishes lower than fourth at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin , Texas . The Spaniard , who has a 10-point deficit to make up with two races to go , will start the U.S. Grand Prix in eighth place -- having been bumped up the grid after Lotus ' Romain Grosjean was dropped five spots for an illegal gearbox change during Saturday 's qualifying . if Vettel is second or third , then his Ferrari adversary needs to finish at least eighth or 10th to take the title race to the finale in Brazil . Latest F1 standings "  I still think we are going to reduce the gap to Sebastian , which is what counts , " said Alonso , himself a two-time world champion . "  He starts from pole and he has very strong pace , but the race will be long and let 's see if we can seize our opportunities . "  We 'll see how the start goes . If he wins the race and then wins again in Brazil he will be champion , and deservedly so . " Vettel was fastest in Friday 's practice sessions and his Red Bull 's speed was improved further by the arrival of a new front wing that night . "  We just need to look after ourselves , so we are very happy as we had no issues today , " the German said . "  The best strategy is to keep your head down , which was the target in qualifying . But we saw at the last race how quickly things can change , so we 'll focus on our race . " Vettel finished third in Abu Dhabi despite starting from the pit lane , but Red Bull could not clinch a third successive manufacturers ' title as Mark Webber failed to finish after being caught up in several scrapes . The Australian will start the season 's penultimate race third on the grid behind McLaren 's Lewis Hamilton . "  We have an eye on the constructors ' title , which we aim to put to bed , " Webber said . "  It will be a huge result for everyone at the factory in Milton Keynes and  engine supplier  Renault . " Hamilton , who has no hope of adding to his 2008 world title before next year 's move to Mercedes , is worried about starting on the dirty side of the new track . "  We 'll ask the authorities to clean that side so people get an equal start into turn one , where it 's so wide I do n't think much can go wrong , " he said . "  Obviously I do n't want to get in the way of Sebastian 's race , but I want to win so I will try my best to get through cleanly . " Hamilton 's teammate Jenson Button was down in 12th after a power failure , while his future colleague Nico Rosberg was 17th and the man the Englishman is replacing -- seven-time world champion Michael Schumacher -- will start fifth . Grosjean 's demotion from fourth meant his teammate Kimi Raikkonen will take that position on the grid as he seeks to follow up his Abu Dhabi win , while Alonso 's Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa will be sixth ahead of Force India 's Sauber-bound Nico Hulkenberg . Williams ' Pastor Maldonado rounded out the top 10 ahead of teammate Bruno Senna .	Championship leader Sebastian Vettel wins pole position for U.S. Grand Prix Title rival Fernando Alonso will start race eighth on grid after Romain Grosjean 's penalty Ferrari driver has 10-point deficit behind Vettel with two races remaining this season Vettel 's Red Bull team can clinch third successive constructors ' title on Sunday
The U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Friday in favor of a resolution to condemn violence in Yemen , where demonstrators , government forces and rival factions have been embroiled in months of unrest . The 15-0 vote demands that Yemen allow peaceful demonstrations to take place and to end government crackdowns on civilians . U.S. Ambassador Susan E. Rice said the "  Security Council sent a strong message to President  Ali Abdullah  Saleh that it is time to heed the legitimate calls of the Yemeni people for a peaceful and orderly transition toward a unified , stable , secure and democratic Yemen . " "  President Saleh has repeatedly pledged to sign the  Gulf Cooperation Council  initiative , " Rice said . "  Today , the Security Council made clear to President Saleh that his continued equivocation is weakening his country and imperiling a peaceful and democratic future for the people of Yemen . Friday 's resolution does not , however , sanction the embattled leader . The proposed deal , which Rice noted , referenced a GCC-brokered accord , backed by the United States and European Union , whereby Saleh could resign from power in exchange for immunity from prosecution . Peter Wittig , German ambassador to the United Nations , said the resolution was "  not ideal " but "  can make a difference . " "  We would have liked to express those messages that are in that resolution even in a stronger and more unequivocal form , especially the strong call to President Saleh to step down , " he said . Nobel Peace Prize winner Tawakkol Karman also weighed in Friday , calling the resolution "  not sufficient . " "  They have to discuss about the ousting of Ali Saleh and that he has to be handed over to the authorities immediately , " says the Yemeni activist who plans to stay in the United States "  until I am able to submit Ali Saleh 's case to the international tribunal . " "  But in general , " she said of the resolution , "  I would say it is good . " U.N. director at Human Rights Watch Philippe Bolopio said the group welcome 's "  the long overdue condemnation of Yemeni government abuses , " but Bolopio believes "  the Security Council should have more clearly distanced itself from the GCC impunity deal . " Earlier this week , several people were killed during clashes with Yemeni security forces after anti-government protests filled the streets of the country 's capital . Crowds had marched through downtown Sanaa , where government forces allegedly gunned down protesters . Hundreds of security forces attempted to restrict the protesters ' movements , and tear-gas canisters could be seen flying toward the crowd , said hospital director Mohammed Qubati . A senior U.S. official , speaking on condition on anonymity , said that Friday 's resolution , introduced by Germany and the United Kingdom , would send a strong signal of urgency for political transition . The official said that unanimity is an indication of greater consensus on the council . Russia and China issued a rare double veto of a resolution condemning the violence in Syria this month . Security Council members have said a political solution in Yemen should be based on a initiative put forward by the GCC , a political and economic union of Arab states .	U.S. Ambassador Susan E. Rice said Saleh 's "  continued equivocation " weakens his country Resolution does not sanction embattled President Ali Abdullah Saleh Yemen has been engulfed in months of unrest U.N. Security Council vote demands that Yemen allow peaceful protests
CNN  -- Questions about bruises on the body of actress Natalie Wood , whose body was found floating off Catalina Island in 1981 , led the Los Angeles County coroner 's office to change the cause of death from "  accidental drowning " to "  drowning and other undetermined factors . " "  With the presence of fresh bruises in the upper extremities in the right forearm/left wrist area and a small scratch in the anterior neck , this examiner is unable to exclude non-accidental mechanism causing these injuries , " wrote Dr. Lakshmanan Sathyavagiswaran , the chief medical examiner . "  The location of the bruises , the multiplicity of the bruises , lack of head trauma , or facial bruising support bruising having occurred prior to entry in the water . Since there are unanswered questions and limited additional evidence available for evaluation , it is opined by this medical examiner that the manner of death should be left as undetermined . " Read more : ` Accidental ' removed from Natalie Wood 's death certificate Based on a number of factors , including the lack of a life jacket , lack of a suicide note , "  this Medical Examiner is unable to exclude non-volitional , unplanned entry into the water , " the report says . "  How injury occurred will be listed as found floating in the ocean , " it adds . "  Circumstances not clearly established . " The change in the cause of death was made public last year , but the report outlining the reasons -- which was dated June 15 , 2012 -- was not made public until Monday . The case is "  open and ongoing ; nothing definitive has closed it , " said Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore . He said that Wood 's widower , actor Robert Wagner , is not a suspect . A security hold was placed on the report when it came out because of concern "  that the frenzy that 's surrounding this could contaminate the investigation , " Whitmore said . The hold was lifted last week and the report made public Monday after next of kin were notified . Homicide investigators decided to take a new look at one of Hollywood 's most enduring mysteries in November 2011 after they were contacted by people who said they had additional information about the actress 's death , the sheriff 's department said last summer . The announcement persuaded tipsters to come forward with additional "  intriguing " information , sheriff 's spokesman Whitmore told CNN last January . Investigators did not comment directly on statements made in news reports in November by Dennis Davern , the captain of a yacht owned by Wood and her husband . Davern offered a previously unreported account of how Wood 's death was reported , saying that Wagner waited hours to call the Coast Guard after Wood went missing off Catalina Island following an argument between the couple . Wood died on November 29 , 1981 , off the isthmus of Catalina Island . Dressed in a flannel nightgown , socks and a down jacket , her body was found floating about a mile from the yacht , according to police reports . The autopsy report showed the 43-year-old actress had two dozen bruises on her body , including a facial abrasion on her left cheek and bruises on her arms . "  My sister was not a swimmer and did not know how to swim , and she would never go to another boat or to shore dressed in a nightgown and socks , " said Lana Wood , referring to theories that the actress may have voluntarily jumped from the boat , last year . Although the county coroner 's office ruled at the time that Wood 's death was an accident , others said then that that made no sense . Read more : Mysterious celebrity deaths In 2010 , Lana Wood told CNN she believed an argument between her sister and Wagner on the yacht 's back deck preceded Wood 's drowning . She told CNN in 2011 that she did not suspect foul play . "  I just want the truth to come out , the real story , " she said . Davern , the former captain of the yacht Splendour , broke his silence with an account of that day in "  Goodbye Natalie , Goodbye Splendour , " a book he co-wrote that was published in 2009 . Davern has said he believes Wood 's death was a direct result of a fight with Wagner . In an interview with CNN in 2010 , Davern said he believed the investigation was incompetent and suggested there was a cover-up . He said he regretted misleading investigators by keeping quiet at Wagner 's request . Wood and Wagner married in 1957 , divorced in 1962 , then remarried in 1972 . They invited Wood 's "  Brainstorm " co-star , Christopher Walken , to join them on the Thanksgiving weekend sail that preceded her death . The Hollywood rumor mill was abuzz with speculation that Wagner was jealous of Walken , but authorities have said Walken witnessed only the events leading up to an argument between the couple . In his book . "  Pieces of My Heart , " also published in September 2009 , Wagner acknowledged being jealous and having fought with Wood . After Wagner then argued with Walken and broke a wine bottle , Wood left in disgust and went to her stateroom , Davern told CNN . Walken also retired to a guest room , Davern added , and Wagner followed his wife to their room . A few minutes later , Davern said , he could hear the couple fighting . Embarrassed , Davern said , he turned up the volume on his stereo . At one point , Davern recalled , he glanced out of the pilot house window and saw Wagner and Wood on the yacht 's aft deck . "  They 'd moved their fight outside ... you could tell from their animated gestures they were still arguing , " he said . A short time later , Wagner , appearing to be distraught , told Davern he could n't find Wood . Davern searched the boat but could n't find her . He noticed the rubber dinghy also was missing . Wagner shrugged and poured them both drinks , Davern said . He suggested his wife had probably gone off in a temper . Read more : Natalie Wood 's star power lasted for decades Wagner 's story , as told in his book , differs from Davern 's . He maintains that after the argument with Walken , Wood went to her room and prepared for bed while he and Walken sat on the deck , cooling off . Wagner writes that he went to check on Wood , but she was n't there . He maintains that he and Davern searched the boat and noticed the dinghy was missing . Wagner assumed his wife had gone ashore on her own , he wrote . He radioed the restaurant on shore where they 'd had dinner and called the harbor master to see if anyone had seen Wood . The dinghy was found about a mile from the yacht , and a mile from where Wood 's body was found . Wood 's first starring role was as a child in "  Miracle on 34th Street " in 1947 , and she played alongside some of Hollywood 's top leading men -- James Dean in "  Rebel Without a Cause " and Warren Beatty in "  Splendor in the Grass . " She was nominated for Oscars in both of those films , as well as for "  Love with the Proper Stranger "  1963  , according to IMDb . One of her more memorable roles was as Maria in "  West Side Story . " Wagner landed roles in dozens of films in the 1950s and '60s before he hit it big in television . He starred in two series , "  It Takes a Thief "  1968-70  and "  Hart to Hart "  1979-84  , and more recently as Number Two in the "  Austin Powers " spy spoofs . CNN 's Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	"  Found floating in the ocean ... Circumstances not clearly established , " report says The case is "  open and ongoing , " a sheriff 's spokesman says Wood 's widower , actor Robert Wagner , is not a suspect , spokesman Whitmore adds
AOL Autos  -- Collecting cars is an expensive hobby . Here 's a twist : Buy a new car today that will be worth a fortune as a collectible years from now . The Audi S5 is a slick coupe with solid credentials . Best of all , you do n't need to break the bank to buy a hot and value-appreciating ride . But you do have to be patient , since waiting is key . "  Many consumers could be driving a future collector car right now , " McKeel Hagerty , CEO of Hagerty , a specialty insurer of collector cars in the United States , and himself a respected collector car valuation expert . "  Our goal was to find cars that are currently on the road but may be considered nostalgic in 15 to 20 years . Each car on Hagerty 's Hot List possesses a ` buzz , ' a wow factor that resonates with consumers of all ages , many cars being daily drivers that turn heads already . " Why do some vehicles become tomorrow 's collector car ? Hagerty says it 's a combination of pop culture popularity , limited production numbers and the style of the next generation of collectors . Hagerty 's Hot List , the top 10 collector cars of the future : 1 . Cadillac XLR-V Roadster Under the hood sits a hand-built 4.4-liter V8 that 's been supercharged and puts out 443 horsepower . This is a serious domestic roadster that competes with the Mercedes SL-Class , Porsche 911 Cabriolet and Jaguar XKR , as well as the four-seat BMW M6 convertible . AOL Autos : Cadillac XLR Roadster 2 . Lotus Exige S Most practical people will find the Lotus Exige is a miserable little car -- that is if you are shopping for a grocery getter ! Research uncovered one anonymous review stating "  Bottom Line ... my heart beats faster when I think about this car ... it is that rewarding . " AOL Autos : Lotus Exige S 3 . Audi S5 A slick coupe with solid credentials . It provides good looks , impressive all-wheel-drive handling and an affordable price tag for this segment . AOL Autos : Audi S5 4 . Mustang Shelby GT 500 KR The new GT500 KR  King of the Road  takes the bare bones of a GT500 and turns it into a 540 horsepower muscle car that pays tribute to the legendary Carroll Shelby . Production is expected to be around 1,000 . AOL Autos : Mustang Shelby GT 500 KR 5 . Chevrolet Corvette Z06 The ferocious Z06 is a fixed-roof coupe with a 7.0-liter V8 that produces 505 horsepower . The last 50 years have proven that most Corvettes eventually become collectible . AOL Autos : Chevrolet Corvette Z06 6 . Smart At first look , the Smart seems too small to be practical . It 's not . Rather , it is a marvel of packaging efficiency . This is the first year they will be available en masse in the United States . 7 . Subaru Impreza WRX STi Some Subaru enthusiasts may not like the idea of being spotted in a hatchback , but this will make it more collectible down the road . 8 . Honda S2000 CR Less than 2,000 of the CR editions will be built . This is a high-performance version of the stock S2000 that is regarded as Honda 's only true sports car . 9 . Pontiac Solstice/Saturn Sky This pair of roadsters from GM have all the necessary ingredients : rear-wheel drive , a powerful engine , independent suspension and an impressive weight balance . 10 . Dodge Charger Super Bee It has a 6.1 liter HEMI V8 with 425 horsepower and 420 ft.-lbs . of torque . Need we say more for a family sedan ?	The right new car today could be worth a fortune as a collectible later Cadillac XLR-V Roadster can compete with the Mercedes SL-Class Less than 2,000 of the Honda S2000 CR editions will be built The hatchback will make the Subaru Impreza WRX STi a collectible later
CNN  -- A California husband and father became the first TSA officer killed in the line of duty in the agency 's 12-year history , the lone fatality in a frightful shooting at Los Angeles International Airport . Gerardo Hernandez would have celebrated his 40th birthday next week . Instead , he is being mourned as the first slain-on-duty officer at the Transportation Security Administration , a sometimes loathed but always vital agency that protects the country 's airports . "  I am truly devastated , " his widow Ana Hernandez said of the man she described as a "  wonderful husband , father , brother , son and friend . " "  We are all heartbroken and will miss him dearly . " Contradicting reports that Hernandez was a behavior detection officer , TSA Administrator John Pistole said he had other duties . TSA employees ' union and federal sources said Hernandez was working as a travel document checker at the time of the shooting . Union president J. David Cox Sr. said his group was "  sickened " by the shooting and expressed thanks to "  all our brave  transportation security officers  who put their lives on the line every day to keep the flying public safe . " The suspected gunman , 23-year-old Paul Anthony Ciancia , walked up to checkpoint at Terminal 3 where Hernandez was working , pulled a " .223 - caliber MP-15 assault rifle out of his bag and fired multiple rounds at point-blank range , " U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr. said Saturday . Ciancia , 23 , then went up an escalator near the checkpoint but then came back down "  to return and shoot the wounded officer again , " Birotte added . Deadly LAX shooting : Why did he do it ? Hernandez was shot in the chest and abdomen , and pronounced dead upon his arrival at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center , CNN affiliate KABC reported . He had been with the agency since 2010 , the affiliate said . Two other TSA officers were also shot , one in the leg , authorities said . Source : Angry , rambling texts "  I 'm shocked , the guy is a very nice guy , " one of Hernandez 's neighbors in the north Los Angeles community of Porter Ranch , Habib Bonakdar , told CNN affiliate KCAL-KCBS . Hernandez was married with children , another neighbor , Ken Wong , told the affiliate . "  It 's just tragic , " Wong said . "  What a terrible thing . Here 's a man who was trying to serve his country , do his job well and support his family , and this is a senseless thing that happened . It should n't have happened . " Chaos , terror unfold inside LAX Terminal 3 CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Greg Botelho contributed to this story .	"  Devastated " widow calls Gerardo Hernandez , 39 , "  wonderful husband , father " Hernandez was fatally wounded in the Los Angeles International Airport shooting Hernandez would have celebrated his 40th birthday next week
CNN  -- Federal regulators have fined Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus $ 7,000 for an accident during a show that left nine people injured , many seriously . The so-called "  human chandelier " stunt was performed May 4 at the Dunkin' Donuts Center in Providence , Rhode Island . Eight performers sustained serious injuries when the apparatus holding them failed , and they plummeted more than 15 feet . A ninth employee was hurt on the ground . An investigation by the Department of Labor 's Occupational Safety and Health Administration found the accident occurred because the carabiner -- a metal ring used as a connector -- supporting the performers was improperly loaded . OSHA cited the circus for one serious safety violation with a proposed penalty of $ 7,000 , the maximum allowed by law , regulators said in a statement Tuesday . "  This catastrophic failure by Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus clearly demonstrates that the circus industry needs a systematic design approach for the structures used in performances -- approaches that are developed , evaluated and inspected by professional engineers , " said Dr. David Michaels , assistant secretary of labor for occupational safety and health . "  While the $ 7,000 penalty is the maximum allowable by law , we can never put a price on the impact this event had on these workers and their families , " he said . A spokesman for the circus said the company has not yet made a decision about whether to appeal . It has 15 days to decide . "  We do not agree with the conclusion that they drew that the way the carabiner was loaded was the sole case of the accident , " said spokesman Steve Payne . "  But we 're going to make changes out of an abundance of caution . " The hair-hanging act is no longer in the show , and the circus does not have any plans at this point to bring such a stunt back , he said . "  The safety of our performers , our crew -- as well as our audience -- is our top priority , " said Payne . "  No one wants an accident like this to ever happen again . "	The accident happened May 4 in Providence , Rhode Island Nine people were injured , many seriously The circus says it 's making changed out of an abundance of caution
CNN  -- As a frequent visitor to Egypt , I have never seen the country as deeply polarized along ideological , social , and political lines as it is today -- horizontally and vertically . The current fight pits the Muslim Brothers and their Islamist allies against the military-backed government and a sizeable segment of Egyptians who rally around the flag and populism . Religious frame of reference is pitted against a deeply entrenched nationalist identity that is centuries-old . This fierce struggle over hegemony and the future identity of the Egyptian state has been invested with cultural and existential overtones . Both camps view their rivalry as life-and-death and are locked in a deadly confrontation , a clash that has killed more than 1,000 people , including dozens of members of the security forces and injured thousands . On Sunday the Egyptian government acknowledged that 36 Islamists died in its custody after an attempted breakout and a day later more than two dozen off-duty police recruits were killed by gunmen in the restive Sinai Peninsula . According to the Interior Ministry , the police recruits were returning from leave to their jobs in the border town of Rafah when militants ordered the recruits out of two minibuses and forced them to lie on the ground before shooting them . The recent bloodletting is the most violent episode in Egyptian modern history and shows an unraveling of its social fabric , a rupture with the past . In contrast to neighboring Arab countries , such as Iraq and Syria , with blood soaked history , Egypt is one of the least violent societies in the Middle East and Egyptians are the most peace-loving people . There is a real danger that bloodshed will beget more bloodshed and that unless checked Egypt will be engulfed in politically-driven violence . There are signs pointing to the military-backed government continuing its clampdown on the Brotherhood and possibly attempting a widespread purge , including banning the 85-year-old Islamist organization . Early Tuesday , Egyptian authorities arrested Muslim Brotherhood chief Mohamed Badie , escalating a crackdown that has seen the arrests of dozens of the group 's top leaders and more than 1,000 of its followers  in its prolonged confrontation with the Brotherhood , even the Mubarak regime refrained from arresting the top leader or general guide out of restraint  . Interim Prime Minister Hazem el-Beblawi even suggested outlawing the Brotherhood and told reporters over the weekend : "  There will be no reconciliation with those whose hands have been stained with blood and who turned weapons against the state and its institutions . " A decision to ban the Brotherhood that would have serious repercussions on Egypt 's future . It would pour gasoline on a raging fire and deepen and widen the ideological and social rift that already exists . It would represent a hard blow to the fragile democratic experience in Egypt , a severe setback to the institutionalization of democracy . The Brotherhood has millions of followers and can not be politically eradicated by a stroke of pen or the barrel of a gun . There will be no institutionalization of democracy without the Brotherhood , the biggest and oldest mainstream religiously based Islamist movement in the Middle East . Moreover , a persecuted Brotherhood whose leaders are either in prison or underground might tempt its young followers to take arms against state and society , as some supporters retaliated violently , following the 21 police stations and scores of Coptic churches burnt already last week . Unless steps are taken to defuse the escalating crisis , Egypt will likely descend into long-term bloodshed and perpetual instability . We may be in for a repeat of the violent insurgency seen in Egypt from 1992 until 1998 , an insurgency that killed and injured thousands of Egyptians . Priority must be given to ending the killing and bloodshed and beginning the healing and reconciliation process , a complex task given the country 's deepening and widening polarization and the absence of a credible , neutral third force . The international community 's role is pivotal , although excessive intervention by the Western powers would embolden the hardliners within the military-security apparatus and allow them to stirrup hyper nationalist sentiments . Beyond the legal and moral pressure that the international community could exert on Egyptian military rulers , there is an urgent need for mediation and stopping the country 's descent into all-out confrontation . Of all powers , the European Union , along with the United Nations , is the best equipped to assist the Egyptian people and to bridge the divide between the two warring camps . Unlike the United States which is deeply mistrusted by Egyptians of all walks of life because of its intimate ties with the military and Egyptian rulers , the EU is seen as neutral and trustworthy . Although its previous mission failed to produce a breakthrough , the recent escalation after Muslim Brotherhood camps were broken up , the EU , in coordination with the U.N. and the U.S. , must redouble its efforts and impress on the interim government to take concrete steps and confidence-building measures to defuse the crisis , such as stopping the arrests of Brotherhood leaders and releasing others . Political talks would follow on ways and means to assure the Islamists that they would not be excluded from participation in the transitional road map . There is no guarantee of success and a high probability of failure . Nevertheless , the world community can not afford to remain passive in the face of the unfolding bloodbath in Egypt and the inherent risks to regional stability and international peace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Fawaz Gerges .	Fawaz Gerges : Egypt is polarized along ideological , social , and political lines Government 's clampdown on Muslim Brotherhood will damage democracy , he says Gerges : Arrest of leaders could force young followers to take arms against state and society EU and U.N. are best equipped to assist Egypt , argues Gerges due to distrust of U.S.
CNN  -- He was just a young boy -- long before he became one of Africa 's all-time football greats and racked up trophies in Europe 's top competitions -- when Abedi Ayew first heard people comparing him with arguably the game 's best player -- Brazil 's Edson Arantes do Nascimento , also known as Pele . Yet , there was just one problem for the young Abedi , who grew up in a poor Ghanaian village and shared a home with his 18 siblings . He did n't know who Pele was . "  You imagine that we do n't have access to televisions , we do n't have lights in our villages ; we were closed in the very small village so we did n't have access to all these things , " he explains . "  So for me , playing behind our modest windows and any small places we would get , we tried to play football . And then you see people who are a little bit older than you saying , ` oh Pele , he plays like Pele . ' " That nickname followed the attacking midfielder all the way from the red dirt fields in Ghana to some of the world 's biggest football stages , including the 1993 Champions League final where he helped lead the French club Olympique de Marseille to its first ever European championship . Read this : Cameroon 's outspoken football star Like his namesake , the Ghanaian "  Pele " displayed a nimble athleticism on the pitch , dazzling defenders with his spectacular technique and blistering pace . He signed his first contract in 1978 with Ghana 's Real Tamale United but it was n't long before he attracted the attention of foreign scouts , becoming a pioneer for African football at a time when few players from his continent enjoyed major international careers . He spent several years honing his talent abroad -- including spells in teams in Qatar and Benin -- before heading to France to play in the country 's second division . In 1987 , he made his move to France 's top league after being signed by Marseille . But his first spell at the club in the south of France proved to be a short one as Ayew grew frustrated with the racial abuse he suffered from his teammates . "  I started playing with them and three weeks later I called my manager and told my manager ` look , I would like to change club because I was n't accepted by the players , " he reveals . "  Any time they see me passing , they spit on the ground ... -LSB- and say things like -RSB- ` go back to where you come from , go back to the bush . ' " Read this : Tiny town breeding champions The Ghanaian star left Marseille after just one year and began playing for rivals Lille . But his excellent performances in his new team made Marseille 's club president realize what he had lost and try to sign him back again . Ayew was initially reluctant to play again for his former club but was eventually convinced by his wife who urged him to "  go and prove to them that you are the best . " So in 1990 he rejoined Marseille , where he enjoyed three golden years , culminating in the 1993 Champions League triumph over mighty Italian giants AC Milan . "  I felt proud because every footballer 's dream is to win a Champions League , " says Ayew . "  Having the opportunity to be one of the first African players to win is huge and I think I was just happy . " A champion in Europe , Ayew was also the heart and soul of Ghana 's national team , which he captained for six years , starting in 1990 . During his 16-year career with the Black Stars , he scored 33 goals in 67 appearances and played in a record five Africa Cup of Nations . Read this : Teens shoot for U.S. glory Ayew , who 's seen three of his sons following his footsteps by playing professional football , ended his career with Al Ain the United Arab Emirates in 2000 . But his passion for football remains unquenched . These days , Ghana 's football legend spends his time and money coaching and mentoring young players . Beyond the fundamentals of sport , he also tries to prepare them to face some of the challenges he overcame . "  We just try to ... ensure that they have a better career but it 's not easy , " he says . "  It 's not everybody who is going to be a very good footballer or to have a professional career . "  So what we try to do is we teach them how to be in a society and that is very important -- even if you do n't succeed in the football pitches , outside you can live within the society and I think that needs a whole lot of respect and discipline . "	Abedi "  Pele " Ayew is a Ghanaian football legend His skills on the field garnered him the nickname of arguably the game 's greatest player He helped lead Olympique de Marseilles to its first ever European championship in 1993 The attacking midfielder was also captain of Ghana 's national team for six years
CNN  -- English FA Cup holders Chelsea secured their place in the last 16 of the competition with a 2-0 fourth-round victory over Preston at Deepdale on Saturday . Preston , managed by Darren Ferguson - son of Manchester United boss Alex Ferguson - produced a spirited performance but Carlo Ancelotti 's Premier League side possessed too much quality for their Championship opponents . Nicolas Anelka 's low strike put Chelsea ahead in the 37th minute before Daniel Sturridge slammed in a second just after the halftime interval to ease any nerves . Chelsea assistant first-team coach Ray Wilkins , who stepped in for manager Ancelotti at the post-match press conference , singled out Anelka 's performance for special praise . Wilkins said : "  From our perspective Nicolas is playing some outstanding football . He is a joy to have around the place . "  He enjoys his training , he is working extremely hard and he is getting the rewards from that . " In the day 's late kick-off League One Leeds United scored a dramatic injury time equalizer as they twice came from a goal down to earn a replay after a 2-2 draw with top-flight outfit Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane . Jermaine Beckford , who was the hero of Leeds ' shock FA Cup victory over Manchester United in the third round , again stole the limelight for Simon Grayson 's side as he grabbed both goals for the visitors . Spurs took the lead through Peter Crouch in the 42nd minute before Beckford levelled for Leeds seven minutes after the halftime break with a well-taken finish . Tottenham looked to have secured passage to the next round when Russian international Roman Pavlyuchenko stroked the ball home in the 75th minute but Leeds refused to throw in the towel and were awarded a penalty in the sixth minute of injury time when Michael Dawson fouled Beckford inside the box . The Leeds striker dusted himself down and emphatically despatched the resulting spot-kick past Spurs goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes and into the top corner to earn his side a replay . A late goal from Wigan Athletic 's Ben Watson denied League Two Notts Country a famous FA Cup win as Roberto Martinez 's side fought back from two goals down to draw 2-2 at Meadow Lane and force a replay . Birmingham 's recent good form continued as they recorded a 2-1 win over Everton at Goodison Park with goals from Christian Benitez and Barry Ferguson . Reading , who knocked out Liverpool in the third round , added another Premier League scalp as they clinched a 1-0 win over Burnley thanks to a goal from Gylfi Sigurdsson while Portsmouth ended a tough week off the pitch on a high with a 2-1 win over Sunderland at Fratton Park . Elsewhere , Wolves were held to a 2-2 home draw by Crystal Palace , Aston Villa survived an early scare to beat League One side Brighton 3-2 at Villa Park while Fulham ended the dreams of Accrington Stanley as they ran out 3-1 winners .	FA Cup holders Chelsea secured their place in the last 16 of the competition after they claimed a 2-0 victory over Preston . Nicolas Anelka 's low strike put Chelsea ahead before Daniel Sturridge slammed in a second just after halftime . Wigan needed a late Ben Watson goal to secure a replay against League Two Notts County after they were held to a 2-2 draw .
CNN  -- A videotape on a Russian Web site allegedly showing a State Department employee having sex with a prostitute is a "  smear campaign " meant to discredit the man , a State Department spokesman said Thursday . The State Department has said the tape allegedly showing an employee having sex with a prostitute is a fake . The employee , Brendan Kyle Hatcher , denied any encounter with a prostitute to his superiors at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow , another State Department official said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelly said the U.S. ambassador to Russia , John Beyrle , "  supports " Hatcher , who remains at his job at the embassy . Hatcher had previously worked in the sensitive area of religious and human rights in Russia , the spokesman said . "  Mr. Hatcher ... enjoys the full confidence of Ambassador Beyrle and fully intends to serve out the rest of his tour in Moscow , " Kelly said at an afternoon briefing at the State Department . The United States "  deplores this type of campaign and use of the Internet to smear a foreign service officer of good standing , " he added . Watch why the U.S. says the tape is doctored " Beyrle was unequivocal in expressing his support in an interview with ABC News . "  Kyle Hatcher has done nothing wrong , " he said . "  Clearly , the video we saw was a montage of lot of different clips , some of them which are clearly fabricated . " A senior State Department official said , "  It 's a doctored tape and a set-up designed to implicate someone working as a liaison with religious and human rights groups in Russia . " The official said Hatcher , who is married , "  was approached by Russians ; they tried to blackmail him , but he did everything correctly , " reporting the incident to his supervisors at the Embassy . The tape then appeared on the tabloid newspaper Web site Compromat.ru and was picked up by other outlets . Diplomatic sources who declined to be named said Compromat.ru has a history of ties to Russia 's security services . Russia 's Foreign Ministry had no comment when asked about the video . Another senior State Department official , who has seen the video , said "  it 's clear to me that it 's him , " referring to portions showing Hatcher alone in the hotel room . "  But then the lights go down , " and the footage from there on is faked , that official said . The video of Hatcher in the hotel room was taken last year , "  somewhere in Siberia , " said the senior State Department official who watched the video . It was shot in a hotel that Hatcher visited , the official said . When questioned about the possible motivation for creating the video , the official said it 's presumed "  it was done because of his human rights work , " in Russia . The official doubted the incident will have any effect on U.S.-Russian relations and noted that the Kremlin and the Russian Foreign Ministry have both been "  very cooperative " in the months since the footage came to light . "  The vast majority of people there are working toward better relations , " the official said . Another official said Hatcher is a "  great officer " who , until last summer , was a political reporting officer focusing on religious freedom issues in Russia . The assignment lasts two years : one year in that specialty and a year on the visa-issuing line at the embassy . Last year , this official said , Hatcher was the lead officer compiling the State Department 's Religious Freedom report and was given an award for his work by the ambassador . Another official confirmed that Hatcher received a meritorious honor award in 2009 and a group award in 2008 . Hatcher , one official said , worked with religious groups that are considered "  outside the mainstream " in Russia , such as Protestants and non-Christians . Such faiths often face official and unofficial discrimination in the largely Russian-Orthodox society . Another senior State Department official said , "  there is a lot of inertia " among some special security services in Russia . "  They are pretty much unreconstructed , " he said . The security services may have wanted to compromise Hatcher 's ability to work with religious groups , he says , "  or they may have wanted to throw a stick into the spokes " of the U.S.-Russia relationship . "  Some in Moscow , " he said , "  are looking to integrate with the West , and others are trying to stop that . " The officials asked not to be identified because they were not authorized to speak publicly about the matter . CNN 's Matthew Chance in Moscow and Paul Courson in Washington contributed to this report .	NEW : Russian officials are being "  very cooperative , " U.S. official says Russian site allegedly shows State Department employee having sex with prostitute U.S. ambassador says video clips "  clearly fabricated " Official : Tape meant to discredit employee working in religious and human rights
CNN  -- Dutchman Edgar Davids has lifted the European Champions League trophy , won league titles in Italy and the Netherlands and played in a World Cup semifinal against Brazil in 1998 . So why has a soccer star like Davids , who won 74 international caps for the Netherlands between 1994 and 2005 , decided to become joint head coach of Barnet , who are currently rock bottom of the lowest tier of professional in England . "  I 'm happy to explore my possibilities and share my knowledge and experience with Barnet Football Club , " the 39-year-old told the London club 's official website . "  I am very excited about the challenge ahead . " Blog : Does international soccer need a shake up ? After a playing career which spanned two decades and saw Davids strut his stuff at the San Siro and the Nou Camp , the one-time midfield dynamo will now be pacing the touchline of Barnet 's 6,000-capacity Underhill Stadium in north London . In addition to his coaching responsibilities , Davids also hopes to make a playing return for "  The Bees " as soon as possible . Barnet would be the third English team Davids -- who was nicknamed "  The Pitbull " in recognition of his fiesty playing style -- has turned out for following two years with Tottenham Hotspur between 2005 and 2007 and a brief spell with second-tier Crystal Palace in 2010 . A spell in English football 's lower reaches is in stark contrast to previous stages of Davids ' career , following stints with Ajax , AC Milan , Barcelona and Juventus . "  I am delighted to welcome Edgar to our club , " said Mark Robson , the current Barnet head coach who will now job share with Davids . "  His experience as a player throughout his illustrious career will be a massive benefit to all our players and I look forward to forming a strong partnership with him " . Davids is also known for the goggles he sports while playing , a necessity due to him suffering from the eye disease glaucoma . Barnet has spent the majority of its history at the lower end of English football , winning the Conference -- the division immediately below England 's top four professional leagues -- on two occasions .	Edgar Davids becomes joint head coach of English club Barnet London-based Barnet are currently bottom of the Fourth Division Nicknamed "  The Pitbull " , Davids has played for AC Milan , Juventus , Barcelona and Inter Milan Davids also intends to become a member of Barnet 's playing squad
CNN  -- Veteran character actor Ralph Waite -- who many knew best from his time on "  The Waltons , " though he also had regular roles in more recent series like "  Bones " and "  NCIS " -- has died . He was 85 . Waite died on Thursday afternoon at his Palm Desert , California , home , according to Steve Gordon , his family accountant . Jane Mead , a representative of the Spirit of the Desert Presbyterian Fellowship that Waite attended regularly , confirmed his death . According to IMDB.com , Waite was already a Hollywood veteran with parts in movies like "  Cool Hand Luke " and "  Five Easy Pieces , " plus TV series such as "  Bonanza " when he landed the role of John Walton Sr. . "  The Waltons " struck a chord with many viewers during its run from 1972 to 1981 , with Waite being a constant on that show as well as in several TV movies to follow . Waite was twice nominated for an Emmy , first in 1977 for supporting actor in a comedy or drama series for "  Roots " and the next year as lead actor in a drama for his Waltons ' role . Waite also tried his hand at politics , running unsuccessfully as a Democrat for a U.S. representative seat that includes Palm Springs -- narrowly losing in 1990 and again in 1998 to Mary Bono , the widow of former congressman and "  Sonny and Cher " star Sonny Bono . These forays did n't stop Waite from continuing his day job , however . He continued to score regular roles , for instance , on TV shows like "  The Mississippi , " "  Murder One , " "  Carnivale , " "  The Practice " and "  Grey 's Anatomy . " In fact , Waite was busy working right through last year playing recurring characters on not only "  Bones " and "  NCIS " but also "  Days of Our Lives . " Stephan Nathan , "  Bones " executive producer , remembered Waites as "  a wonderful man . " "  A big loss , " Nathan tweeted . "  RIP . " Pauley Perrette , part of the "  NCIS " cast , also tweeted condolences for the man she referred to as Papa Gibbs . "  We love him at NCIS SO much , " Perrette said . "  So so sad . " People we 've lost in 2014	Ralph Waite dies at his Palm Desert , California , home , two sources say He was a veteran Hollywood actor , having appeared in many movies and TV series He was best known as John Walton Sr. on the hit show "  The Waltons " Waite worked well into his 80s on shows like "  Bones " and "  NCIS "
CNN  -- Even though it 's symbolic and "  there 's no money involved , " Eric LeGrand told CNN over the weekend that he 's thrilled to be on the roster of an NFL team . The former Rutgers defensive tackle , who was partially paralyzed in 2010 when he injured his spinal cord during a game , was signed to the 90-man offseason roster of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers last week . "  This was a dream come true for me . I always wanted to go to the NFL -- that was my career goal in life , " LeGrand told CNN 's Don Lemon on Sunday . "  Circumstances dictated it differently , but I can at least say I 'm there now . I 'm on a team . I 'm on a roster . " The Bucs are coached by ex-Rutgers coach Greg Schian , who helped shepherd LeGrand through the dark days following his injury . "  He 's been there since day one making sure I had the best doctors , best surgeon , best hospital , best everything , " LeGrand said . "  Everything around me was just so positive and there was no negativity around me . That 's what kept me going in the beginning -- that first month -- when I really did n't know what was going on , what was happening in my life . " LeGrand , who collided with an Army kick returner while making a tackle on October 16 , 2010 , was initially paralyzed from the neck down . At the hospital , medical personnel told him he 'd be a quadriplegic and would need a respirator for the rest of his life . But LeGrand progressed , breathing on his own after five weeks . He operates a wheelchair , and he 's been able to stand upright with the help of a metal frame . With medical bills covered in part by donations to two foundations , including Rutgers ' Eric LeGrand Believe Fund , LeGrand says his ultimate goal is to walk again . "  Absolutely . No doubt , " he said confidently when asked if he 'll reach that goal . "  I believe in myself and I believe in the man above , " he said . "  I know everything in this world happens for a reason . " He told Sports Illustrated in November that he wanted to return to the spot on the field where he was injured , lie down , get up and walk away . He 's already returned to the Rutgers field in his wheelchair twice : on October 29 , leading his team onto the gridiron , and on November 19 for Senior Day festivities before the Scarlet Knights ' win against Cincinnati . When Tampa signed LeGrand , they presented him with a helmet and personalized Bucs jersey , adding some substance to his dream . "  It is pretty cool ... something you always dream about doing and I finally made it , " he gushed . There are plans for him to visit the team during offseason training and also attend a few games in the fall . But there 's still the nagging question of what might have been . It 's one he does n't focus on . "  I would n't have been able to touch this many people if I was playing football , " a bouyant LeGrand said . "  That 's why I know that there was something there for me to do in my life that can hopefully change the world . " CNN 's Jason Hanna contributed to this report Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Eric LeGrand injured his spinal cord while making a tackle in 2010 The injury left him partially paralyzed Tampa Bay signed him to the team 's offseason roster LeGrand says his goal is to walk again
The people who created YouTube are getting into the quickie-video app business ... with a twist . MixBit , like Vine and now Instagram , lets users upload short videos from their smartphones . But that 's just the beginning of what creators Steve Chen and Chad Hurley -- two of the three brains behind YouTube -- envision for the app , which went live on Thursday . MixBit lets users shoot video snippets up to 16 seconds in length -- more than Instagram  15 seconds  and Vine  6 seconds  . Once uploaded , all MixBit videos are fair game for other users to edit , splice and mix with their own , creating new videos up to an hour long . "  When we built YouTube , we wanted to help people share their videos with each other and the world ... , " Hurley wrote in a blog post . "  Today we want to remove the barriers to video creation . " READ : Vine , Instagram and the rise of the bite-sized video A Web version of MixBit and an app for Apple devices are now up and running . An Android version is expected to roll out before the end of September . With camera-equipped smartphones and tablets becoming nearly omnipresent , the past couple of years have seen a wave of quick video editing and uploading tools roll out . In addition to Twitter-owned Vine and Facebook 's Instagram , which start as photo-only , apps like Viddy and Socialcam have sought to entice users increasingly accustomed to being able to create and share on the go . The key for MixBit , creators say , is encouraging collaborative creation , often among complete strangers . The app features easy-to-use editing tools that let users link up video clips as short as one second long . Up to 256 clips can be used in a video , which can be up to an hour long . "  MixBit.com is a community of creators , " Hurley wrote . "  People who want to record and share pieces of their lives and the things they love -- concerts , favorite foods , trips to new places , or just hanging out with friends and family -- as well as filmmakers , citizen journalists and everyone in between . MixBit is also for people who enjoy playing with video in order to create something new and unexpected . " And , acknowledging a basic truth of the Internet , he adds that MixBit is also "  for people who like cat videos . " Chen and Hurley , along with Jawed Karim , were early PayPal employees who left to create YouTube in 2005 . The following year , YouTube was purchased by Google for more than $ 1.5 billion and went on to become the Web 's leading video site . It 's now estimated to be the third most-visited site on the Internet , behind Google and Facebook .	MixBit , released Thursday , lets users create and edit short videos It 's from two of the creators of YouTube Users can splice up to 256 videos together to create their own Web , Apple versions are out now , Android is coming next month
CNN  -- As long as there are postmen , life will have zest . So said philosopher William James , though younger generations may question the need for snail mail at all . But Louis Schlamowitz , for one , is grateful to postmen , who over the years have dropped thousands of envelopes into the mailbox of his cramped apartment in the Canarsie neighborhood of Brooklyn , where he has spent all his life . In that box came words and photographs from the famous -- and sometimes the infamous . Now , in his closet , he has three jackets hanging , lonely among the 60 photo albums stacked up from the floor and on the shelf . "  South America " contains Manuel Noriega . Fidel Castro . "  U.S. presidents " includes John F. Kennedy , Ronald Reagan , Barack Obama and Harry Truman , who started Schlamowitz on his unusual hobby . Then there 's the Middle East album , a veritable assortment of dictators , fallen and felled . Among the likes of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , Yasser Arafat and Hosni Mubarak is Moammar Gadhafi , whose ignoble death last month earned Schlamowitz himself a bit of instant fame . Schlamowitz 's collection -- he says he has more than 6,000 letters and autographed photos -- had been written about before , but after Gadhafi died , everyone became curious about why an 81-year-old American corresponded with the despot . To answer that question , Schlamowitz takes his questioners back to 1953 , when he was a young Army private in Korea . His buddy had a sole Christmas card left and Schlamowitz decided he would send it to Truman . "  He wo n't reply to me , " Schlamowitz thought . "  I 'm nobody special . " But his friend insisted he mail it . "  What do you have to lose ? " he said . His friend thought wisely , it turns out . A month and a half later , came the response , on presidential stationery . Schlamowitz was inspired . If Truman can write back , why not others ? Back in New York , he married , had a daughter , and worked for 35 years designing floral arrangements first at a Manhattan shop , then closer to home in Brooklyn . When he saw someone in the news , he looked up the person 's address and dropped a letter in the mail . He was especially fond of politicians and world leaders . He wrote to Gadhafi , then a young colonel who had usurped power in Libya in 1969 through a military coup . He asked for a signed photograph . "  I found his name in the papers , " Schlamowitz says , sitting at a cluttered table surrounded by metal folding chairs . "  I wished him well . " He got his photo and a letter that said : "  Your kind message to Col. Moammar Gadhafi , leader of the great first September revolution , has been received with great appreciation . " Schlamowitz , a devout Jew , even received a Christmas card from the Muslim Gadhafi . Gadhafi wrote several times more ; one letter attacked America for practicing terrorism with its support of Israel -- not what a Jewish man who also had letters from Israel 's Golda Meir , Yitzhak Rabin and Moshe Dayan would want to read . "  America practices terrorism against the Palestinian people through providing Israel with the planes and weapons for attacking the Palestinian camps . America 's countering of those people 's struggle is a crime against humanity and liberty , " Gadhafi wrote . Schlamowitz put the typewritten words into the album , alongside photos of Gadhafi , autographed in red ink . But he stopped writing to Gadhafi , he says , after the 1988 bombing over Lockerbie , Scotland . "  They were shooting down a plane killing innocent people , " he says . He did n't want to be "  mixed up with individuals who were committing crimes against humanity . " After the Libyan uprising was well under way , Schlamowitz felt an urge to write again . "  If you do n't do the right thing for your people and for your country , eventually your people will turn against you , " he told the dictator . The letter was returned to him , unopened . "  He should have stepped down like the president of Egypt , " Schlamowitz says . "  Maybe he would be alive today . But power , it 's not that easy to give it up . " If Schlamowitz 's correspondence has intrigued the public , it has certainly raised eyebrows in the halls of intelligence . He says he 's been visited by the CIA , FBI and Homeland Security a number of times . They told him his name keeps popping up in Washington . They wanted to know what his connection was to some of these men , considered enemies of America . Schlamowitz explained it was no big deal . That he just wanted to write to them and maybe get a photo to hang on his otherwise drab walls . "  You look like a clean-cut fellow , " a CIA agent once told him . "  It 's a hell of a hobby you have , Schlamowitz . " Schlamowitz has sold only a few of his prized possessions . Two letters from Marilyn Monroe fetched $ 500 . A Christmas card from Jackie and JFK , $ 50 . Someone once offered him $ 35,000 for the whole collection . He wanted to pay him $ 10,000 up front and the rest after an auction . The problem was the advance was a personal check . Schlamowitz was n't going to take that chance . Cash only , he says . Three years ago , a guy from Brooklyn offered him a dollar for each piece he owned . "  You must be sick , " Schlamowitz told him . "  And I am even sicker dealing with you . " Schlamowitz has no idea what his collection is worth , but he knew when he was getting ripped off . He 's thankful for his daughter and grandchildren . They are sure to take good care of his treasure trove after he is gone . Lately , he has n't been writing as much . His hand gives way , he says . Tough to keep it all going at his age . He does n't know why reporters called on him so much , though he certainly enjoys showing off his stuff . "  I 'm nobody special , " he says . "  I just want to be a part of history . " An ordinary guy with an extraordinary collection .	Louis Schlamowitz likes to correspond with world leaders Among them were Fidel Castro , Ayatollah Khomeini and Moammar Gadhafi Gadhafi 's death cast the spotlight on Schlamowitz He has over 6,000 letters and autographed photos in his Brooklyn apartment
CNN  -- The parents of a Texas toddler are struggling for answers days after their young son mysteriously disappeared from a house full of people . Sabrina Benitez , the 18-month-old 's mother , said she believes the boy was abducted -- insisting it would have been all but impossible for her boy to go outside . Even if he did , Benitez said , the toddler would have been smart enough to try to get back in or would have been spotted by now . But New Braunfels Police Lt. Michael Penshorn said as of Monday , it 's most likely that young Joshua Davis Jr. left the home without anyone noticing or taking him . "  The first scenario that we are looking at is that somehow the child was able to exit the house ... and basically disappear into the night , " he told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Monday . Benitez , also speaking on HLN , said she was watching "  Toy Story " with Joshua shortly before 8 p.m. Friday when he left the room , heading toward where six other adults and another child were . About 10 minutes later , when the boy had n't come back to watch the video or pick up a toy , Benitez asked the others about his whereabouts . But Joshua was nowhere to be found , neither inside nor outside the house . Within minutes , family members called police -- who investigated the scene and sent an alert to 2,500 nearby residents . One individual came in and out of the house between when Benitez last saw the toddler and reported him missing , but that person is not considered a suspect . Penshorn said police do n't think anyone at the house took the child . No Amber Alert has been issued for Joshua because such an alert typically requires solid evidence that an abduction took place . "  If for some reason somebody came and took that child , not only would  the people inside  have seen the child leave the residence , but they would have seen somebody come inside and take him , " Penshorn said . Still , Benitez said her toddler could n't have gotten outside himself , noting he was n't tall enough to turn a doorknob . "  The only way that the baby would have gotten out the door is  if  the front door  was  open , " she said . "  But we had the doors closed . " Ice covered the steps outside , leading Benitez to believe that there would be signs of Josh if he did get out . Still , as of Monday , police searches involving people , helicopters and dogs had n't led to any signs of the boy . "  They had scent dogs out here , and  they  said there was no scent of him leaving the yard , " the toddler 's father , Josh Davis Sr. , told CNN affiliate KENS . "  So I do n't see how he could have wandered off , or else they would have picked something up . "	Family members and Texas police are looking for 18-month-old Joshua Davis Jr. . Joshua 's mother says the boy went to another room and has n't been seen since She fears the toddler was abducted , while police say the boy most likely left unwittingly
CNN  -- A deputy U.S. marshal who had been with the service for just over a year was fatally shot while serving an arrest warrant Wednesday morning in West Virginia , according to a spokesman for the U.S. Marshals Service . Deputy U.S. Marshal Derek Hotsinpiller , 24 , of Bridgeport , W.Va. , was one of three deputies hit by a shotgun blast as they entered a residence in Elkins at about 8:30 a.m. , said spokesman Jeff Carter . Hotsinpiller was airlifted to Ruby Memorial Hospital in Morgantown , about 70 miles away , where he died , the Marshals Service said . Hotsinpiller had been serving with the Northern District of West Virginia office in Clarksburg since his graduation from the U.S. Marshals Academy , Carter said . The deputies , along with members of the West Virginia State Police and the Mountain State Fugitive Task Force , were serving an arrest warrant on Charles E. Smith , 50 , who was wanted on a charge related to possession of cocaine with the intent to distribute , as well as a felon in possession of a firearm charge , Carter said . iReporter shocked by shooting in his neighborhood Smith and the officers exchanged fire after the initial shot , and Smith was killed , Carter said . One deputy "  continues to recover from his injuries , " and the third has been treated at a nearby hospital and released , Carter added . The identities of the wounded deputies were not released . "  Every day , families of law enforcement officers live with the fact that their loved one may not return home following a shift of work , said Col. T.S. Pack , superintendent of the West Virginia State Police . "  Today , we are experiencing that sad reality here in West Virginia . " The state police and the FBI and are investigating the shooting , Carter said . The last U.S. marshal to die from gunfire occurred in Las Vegas on January 4 , 2010 , while the last marshal 's death in the line of duty took place in Idaho nearly two decades earlier .	One deputy U.S. marshal was killed in the shooting A second deputy "  continues to recover from his injuries " The third officer has been treated at nearby hospital and released Charles E. Smith and the officers exchanged fire , which left Smith dead
CNN  An Arizona police chief on Wednesday supported an officer 's decision to drive his car into an armed suspect , saying that although the move could have killed the suspect , deadly force was justified . Video of the incident , recorded February 19 by the dashboard cameras of two Marana police cars , shows one of the cars running into a suspect with who had a rifle in the city about a half hour from Tucson . The suspect , 36-year-old Mario Valencia , survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged . Marana police Chief Terry Rozema was asked Wednesday on CNN 's "  New Day " whether police were fortunate that Valencia did n't die . "  That very well may be ... that it 's luck that he is still alive . The fact of the matter remains , though , deadly force was authorized , " Rozema said . "  So if he ends up dying in that situation ,  then  he ends up dying , and that 's unfortunate ,  but  that 's not the desire of everybody , " the chief added . The footage has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used . In one of the dashcam videos , an officer who was tailing a walking Valencia at slow speed reports over the radio that the suspect has fired one round in the air with a rifle he is accused of stealing that morning from a Walmart . Another patrol car zooms past , runs into the man from behind , then hits a short cinder block wall next to a driveway . Video from Officer Michael Rapiejko 's camera shows Rapiejko 's vehicle running into Valencia , with the windshield smashing as the car hits the wall . Police in Marana justified Rapiejko 's actions . "  We do n't know that if  Rapiejko  lets him go for another 10 seconds ,  Valencia  does n't take somebody out in the parking lot , " Rozema said . "  And then we 're answering some completely different questions : ` Why did n't you act sooner ? ... This guy had a gun ... Why did n't you stop this guy before he shot my wife , before he shot my husband , before he shot my child ? ' " The video has stirred debate about what type of force police should have used to detain the man . Valencia 's attorney , Michelle Cohen-Metzger , told CNN on Tuesday that "  it is miraculous that my client is n't dead . " "  Everything in the video seems to point towards an obvious excessive use of force , Cohen-Metzger said . Tucson Police Sgt. Pete Dugan told CNN that Valencia was involved in several incidents there the day he was struck . At 6:45 a.m. on February 19 , Valencia allegedly robbed a 7-Eleven in Tucson with a metal object in his hand . Authorities said he was dressed only in his underwear . He was charged with theft . A little more than an hour later , police said , Valencia set a fire at a church for which he was charged with arson of an occupied structure . Just after that he entered a home and stole a car , police said . Authorities said he drove to a Walmart in Marana , where he allegedly stole a .30 -30 rifle and ammunition . He fled the store with Walmart employees in pursuit . Police encountered him in a business park walking down the road . An officer told him several times to drop the rifle , Lt. Tim Brunenkant with Marana police said in an email containing a timeline of events . Valencia , police said , walked away from the officer , turned a corner and stopped . Valencia pointed the rifle at the officer then walked away again toward a Coca-Cola bottling plant and another business . "  As Mario Valencia briskly walked towards Sargent Controls  local manufacturer  , Officer Michael Rapiejko uses his marked police car to stop the dangerous situation Mario Valencia created , " Brunenkant wrote . Brunenkant also said by phone that before Rapiejko 's encounter with Valencia , the suspect had pointed the rifle at his head multiple times and threatened suicide before fleeing . Rozema said that Valencia 's firing of the weapon , his refusal to obey the first officer 's commands to drop the gun and the pointing of the gun at the officer were key . "  And so you have another officer who sees and seizes an opportunity to end the threat and put an end to the situation , " the chief said . Cohen-Metzger criticized the fact that Rapiejko hit Valencia from behind . "  My client 's back was turned and the officer drove right into him , " she said . "  It is n't that dissimilar to a police officer shooting a fleeing suspect in the back . " CNN affiliate KOLD reported Valencia was in serious condition when he was taken to the hospital and was released into police custody two days later . Valencia faces 15 charges , including three counts of aggravated assault , three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor . Cohen-Metzger said he had a prior record . His next court appearance is May 18 . He is in the Pima County Jail . Authorities said no charges have been brought against the officer . CNN 's Tony Marco contributed to this report .	Chief tells CNN that deadly force was warranted Chief : If suspect ended up shooting people , police would be answering different questions Incident happened February 19 in town near Tucson , Arizona
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Pledging to take "  the air out of golden parachutes , " President Obama announced Wednesday that executives of companies receiving federal bailout money will have their pay capped at $ 500,000 under a revised financial compensation plan . $ 500,000 will be the limit on executive salaries at companies receiving tax dollars , President Obama says . Last year 's "  shameful " handout of $ 18 billion in Wall Street bonuses "  is exactly the kind of disregard for the costs and consequences of their actions that brought about this crisis : a culture of narrow self-interest and short-term gain at the expense of everything else , " Obama said to reporters at the White House . "  For top executives to award themselves these kinds of compensation packages in the midst of this economic crisis is n't just bad taste -- it 's a bad strategy -- and I will not tolerate it . We 're going to be demanding some restraint in exchange for federal aid -- so that when firms seek new federal dollars , we wo n't find them up to the same old tricks , " the president added . Under Obama 's plan , companies that want to pay their executives more than $ 500,000 will have to do so through stocks that can not be sold until the companies pay back the money they borrow from the government . The rules will be implemented by the Treasury Department and do not need to be approved by Congress . The restrictions will most affect large companies that receive "  exceptional assistance , " such as Citigroup . The struggling banking giant has taken about $ 45 billion from the government 's Troubled Asset Relief Program . The new rules also will mandate that shareholders of banks have a greater say about the salaries paid to company heads . The measures will put in place greater transparency for costs such as holiday parties and office renovations . Obama also pledged further reforms in the future , promising that the administration will "  examine the ways in which the means and manner of executive compensation have contributed to a reckless culture and quarter-by-quarter mentality that in turn have wrought havoc in our financial system . " Watch Obama talk about limiting executive salaries " "  We 're going to be taking a look at broader reforms so that executives are compensated for sound risk management and rewarded for growth measured over years , not just days or weeks , " Obama said . CNN 's Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	NEW : Pay for executives at companies that take bailout money capped at $ 500,000 NEW : Obama pledges further rules on compensation Compensation over $ 500,000 will have to be in stocks with sales limit The plan will affect companies getting "  exceptional assistance , " like Citigroup
CNN  -- Andrea Jaime was a student in Georgetown University 's School of Nursing and Health Sciences . Yet before she could graduate and help others , she became a patient herself . And on Tuesday , Jaime died from what the Washington school said was "  apparent meningitis . " Her loss rattled many in the Georgetown community . While stating "  proper medical precautions have been taken and members of the campus community do not need to take additional action at this time " to guard against meningitis , the school advised students on how and where they could get medical help . It also offered counseling for those grieving the loss of a fellow student and friend . "  God gained an angel today I 'm going to miss you so much , " wrote one such friend on Jaime 's Twitter page . That comment was underneath a message that appeared Friday on Jaime 's Twitter feed : "  This is what dying must feel like . " Responding later that day to someone 's question , Jaime wrote "  105 fever I think I 'm dying . " School officials have not disclosed when , where or how Jaime got sick , including whether it might have had anything to do with her education at Georgetown . She was due to graduate in 2017 from the Nursing and Health Studies school , where she was a human science major , before she died Tuesday at MedStar Georgetown University Hospital . "  Andrea died from apparent meningitis , " Georgetown said in its lone , brief explanation . "  We are awaiting test results to confirm the exact cause  of death  . " In a statement earlier Tuesday , the school noted that "  vaccination prevents against most cases of bacterial meningitis , " one of five types of meningitis identified by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The school added : "  Student Health Services are encouraging members of the university to pay increased attention to personal hygienic practices , including washing hands with soap and water or using alcohol-based hand sanitizers regularly . To limit the spread of the illness , you should avoid sharing cups , cosmetics , toothbrushes , smoking materials or anything that comes in contact with the mouth . " There are about 4,100 cases of bacterial meningitis annually in the United States , according to the CDC . Roughly 500 of those end in death . And while babies and others with susceptible immune systems face especially high risks , no one -- even healthy young adults -- is entirely safe . What to know about meningitis As the CDC notes , "  Infectious diseases tend to spread more quickly where larger groups of people gather together . College freshmen living in residence halls and military personnel are at increased risk for meningococcal meningitis  caused by Neisseria meningitidis  . " Two U.S. universities have dealt with meningitis outbreaks recently . There have been eight cases of the disease at Princeton University in New Jersey since March 2013 , according to the CDC . The University of California , Santa Barbara , has had four confirmed cases since November 2013 . There have been extensive vaccination campaign at both universities in the wake of these reports . California students may get Princeton vaccine CNN 's Leslie Bentz contributed to this report .	Andrea Jaime was a student at Georgetown 's Nursing and Health Studies school She posted to Twitter late last week that she had a high fever , "  I think I 'm dying " Jamie dies of what officials believe is meningitis ; tests are being done to confirm Meningitis outbreaks have been reported at universities in New Jersey , California
CNN  -- Sebastian Vettel adapted to "  tricky " and blustery conditions at the Circuit of Americas to pip his Red Bull teammate Mark Webber to pole position Saturday at the United States Grand Prix in Texas . There was simply no stopping the four-time world champion , who will be bidding for a record eighth straight Grand Prix victory and his 12th of the season when the race proper gets underway in Austin Sunday afternoon . Vettel looked to be second best to Webber until pulling out all the stops for a one minute 36.338 second clocking , just 0.103 seconds better than the Australian on his final run . It was Red Bull 's fifth one-two on the grid this season and Vettel 's 44th career pole . It served as the perfect 40th birthday present for team chief Christian Horner . "  Happy birthday to Christian , " said Vettel . "  It 's a good result to have both cars on the front row . It was a tricky session as the wind picked up quite a lot from this morning . It 's not that easy round the high-speed corners . "  It was a good battle with Mark , he has got closer and closer as the weekend has gone on , " he told the official F1 website . Webber was disappointed to miss out first place on the grid , looking to end his F1 career with a victory in one of the final two rounds . "  Today I let pole slip through my fingers . Well done to Seb . He put three sectors together and I put two-and-a-half together . It 's not satisfying when you do that , " he said . Romain Grosjean was third fastest for Lotus , with Kimi Raikkonen 's replacement Heikki Kovalainen an excellent eighth , coming in at short notice for his fellow Finn who has undergone back surgery . Valtteri Bottas was also impressive for Williams to make the top 10 shootout and took ninth . Behind the top three , Nico Hulkenberg of Sauber and last year 's winner , Lewis Hamilton of Mercedes , were fourth and fifth . Hamilton 's teammate Nico Rosberg struggled in the windy conditions and with unresponsive tires to be back in 14th . Fernando Alonso was sixth for Ferrari and the departing Sergio Perez seventh for McLaren , out qualifying his teammate Jenson Button of Britain , who will start on the seventh row with Rosberg .	Sebastian Vettel claims pole position for United States GP Pips Red Bull teammate Mark Webber on final qualifying run in Austin Bidding for eighth straight win of dominant season Romain Grosjean third fastest for Lotus
CNN  -- Congolese rebels seized a major military camp and a spacious gorilla park in a renewed bout of heavy fighting that sent thousands fleeing , according to the United Nations and park officials . Young gorillas play in Congo 's Virunga Park , which was taken over Sunday by rebels fighting army forces . The fighting comes after a tenuous week-old U.N. brokered cease-fire between rebels and government forces fell apart Sunday . Fighting between the rebels under renegade Gen. Laurent Nkunda and Congolese army regulars in the eastern province of North Kivu of the Democratic Republic of the Congo displaced thousands of civilians , according to U.N. spokesman Michele Bonnardeaux . The rebels also seized the headquarters of Virunga National Park in eastern Congo after intense fighting with the Congolese army , according to a statement by park officials . The rebels have used Virunga Park as a base but have never seized its headquarters before . The 3,000 square mile  7,800 square kilometer  park has a gorilla facility and is home to 200 of the 700 endangered mountain gorillas in existence . "  Over 50 rangers were forced to flee into the forests and abandon the park station , in fear of their lives , " the park statement said . "  They have seized the entire gigantic infrastructure -LSB- of the park headquarters -RSB- which is stategically very close to the main road heading north into Goma , " said park spokeswoman Samantha Newport by phone from Goma , about 40 kilometers from the fighting . "  The situation is eastern Congo is very dangerous , " she said . "  It 's the first time they 've -LSB- rebels -RSB- ever had the audacity " to take over the park . Watch as park ranger describes the violence as it explodes behind him " Newport said the rebels have set up roadblocks so the rangers are making their way through woods south to safety . She said the gorillas and other wildlife in the park are in danger of getting caught in the crossfire . A park ranger described the takeover . "  When the rebels started approaching the park station we thought we were all going to be killed , " said Park Ranger Bareke Sekibibi , 29 , who spoke by cell phone from the forest earlier as he fled , according to the park statement . " We are not military combatants , we are park rangers protecting Virunga 's wildlife . " Although the civil war in the Congo officially ended in 2003 , recent fighting in eastern Congo between government forces and rebels has caused tens of thousands to flee their homes The conflict and humanitarian crisis in Congo have taken the lives of some 5.4 million people since 1998 , and that 45,000 people continue to die there every month , according to an International Rescue Committee report in January .	Congolese rebels seize military camp and Virunga Park 's gorilla sanctuary Fighting breaks week-old cease-fire between rebels and government forces 50 park rangers fled for their lives ; very rare mountain gorillas in danger Congo 's war has taken 5.4 million lives since 1998 ; 45,000 people die every month
CNN  -- Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia on Thursday in the "  worst number of attacks " in one day in many years , an international maritime watchdog said . An image of the Burum Ocean -- a suspected pirate mother ship in the Gulf of Aden . "  Four attacks in two days , ships being hijacked and crews being taken , and large ransoms being demanded is completely unacceptable , " said Capt. Pottengal Mukudan of the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors shipping crime . Pirates fired at a ship sailing under an Iranian flag and boarded it about 5:20 a.m. local time Thursday  10:20 p.m. ET Wednesday  , said Noel Chong , head of the International Chamber of Commerce 's Piracy Reporting Centre , a multinational coalition naval task force that monitors the region They hijacked a ship operating under a Japanese flag a few minutes later , he said . A German ship was hijacked about 8 a.m. local time , Mukudan said . He said the pirates are still on board the German vessel , but he had few details . Pirate attacks are frequent in the waters off Somalia , a notoriously unsafe area for unescorted vessels . Canada announced this month that it was dispatching a warship to the area to protect U.N. aid ships after more than two dozen reported pirate attacks in the region this year . "  This is the worst number of attacks that we have seen in a short period of time for years , " Mukudan said , calling on CTF-150 to "  give piracy a much higher priority to bring this under control . There have been seven vessels -LSB- hijacked -RSB- since the 20th of July . " Thursday 's spate of attacks in the Gulf of Aden came two days after pirates boarded a Malaysian tanker off the coast of Somalia . They continue to hold it , Chong said . The IMB monitors shipping crime and reported Thursday 's incidents to CTF-150 , which is based in Djibouti , and the task force is "  monitoring the situation , " Mukudan said . "  They have some of their vessels , which are tracking some of these hijacked ships , but the problem is it 's very difficult to take action once the hijackers are on board , " he said . "  The lives of the hostages is at risk . " He said he understood that the task force was busy with the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan but noted that the IMB would like to see the task force do more to respond to the problem before the hijackings occur . The IMB said in April that 49 pirate attacks on ships were reported in the first three months of 2008 , compared with 41 for the same period last year . It recorded 263 pirates attacks last year , up from 239 the year before and the first increase in three years . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report	Pirates hijacked three ships off the coast of Somalia in one day Attacks are the latest of several to generate international concern Iranian , German and Japanese-flagged vessels all boarded
Authorities in Newtown , Connecticut , put together more pieces of the puzzle Saturday to explain what happened inside Sandy Hook Elementary School , one day after a gunman opened fire there , killing 20 students and six adults . All the victims died from gunshot wounds and were struck more than once , according to H. Wayne Carver II , chief medical examiner for the state of Connecticut . Their deaths were classified as homicides . "  I 've been at this for a third of a century . My sensibilities may not be the average man , but this probably is the worst I have seen or the worst that I know of any of my colleagues having seen , " Carver told reporters . The deadly school shooting shattered the quiet of this southern New England town and left a nation reeling over the number of lives , particularly young lives lost . It also reignited the perennial debate about gun laws in America . President Barack Obama spoke tearfully about the massacre on Friday and is scheduled to travel to Newtown on Sunday to meet with families of the victims . He will deliver remarks during an evening vigil . Law enforcement officials have identified the gunman as 20-year-old Adam Lanza . He apparently took his own life , after taking that of his mother and the 26 people at the school . Lanza was found dead next to three guns , a semi-automatic .223 - caliber Bushmaster rifle and two pistols made by Glock and Sig Sauer , a law enforcement source told CNN . All belonged to his mother . Carver , who performed autopsies on seven of the victims , said the wounds he knew about were caused by a "  long weapon . " Asked by a reporter whether the rifle was the primary weapon , he responded , "  Yes . " He spoke as police released a list of the names of ages of the victims . Twelve girls and eight boys were killed , all either 6 or 7 years old . The adults ranged in ages from 27 to 56 , and included the school 's principal , psychologist and at least two teachers . Among those killed was Emilie Parker , 6 . "  As the deep pain begins to settle into our hearts , we find comfort reflecting on the incredible person that Emilie was and how many lives that she was able to touch in her short time here on Earth , " her father , Robbie Parker , told reporters , struggling to speak through tears . He described his daughter as bright , creative and loving . She loved to draw pictures and try new things . "  Emilie 's laughter was infectious and all those who had the pleasure to meet her would agree that this world is a better place because she has been in it , " her father said . Also killed were Dawn Hochsprung , the school 's beloved principal , school psychologist Mary Sherlach , Vicki Soto , a first-grade teacher , and substitute teacher Lauren Rousseau . Searching for answers in their deaths , major crime investigators police were combing "  every crack and crevice " of the school . They said they 're finding some "  very good evidence " there , and at the home of the shooter . Lanza 's mother , Nancy , was killed at that house , authorities said . "  The detectives will certainly analyze everything and put a complete picture together of the evidence that they did obtain , and we 're hopeful -- we 're hopeful -- that it will paint a complete picture as to how and why this entire unfortunate incidence occurred , " said Lt. J. Paul Vance , a spokesman for the Connecticut State Police . Authorities , meanwhile , in Hoboken , New Jersey , were questioning Ryan Lanza , the suspected gunman 's older brother , law enforcement sources said , though they did not label him a suspect . Lanza 's father , Peter , who lives in Connecticut , was similarly questioned , one of the law enforcement officials said . Peter Lanza released a statement Saturday expressing condolences to the families of victims . "  Our family is grieving along with all those who have been affected by this enormous tragedy . No words can truly express how heartbroken we are . We are in a state of disbelief and trying to find whatever answers we can , " said the statement . Two law enforcement sources said Adam Lanza lived with his mother . Contrary to early reports , they said , Nancy Lanza was not a teacher at Sandy Hook Elementary . Nancy Lanza was a gun collector and recently showed off a newly bought rifle to fellow Newtown resident Dan Holmes , who owns a landscaping business in the town . Besides the three weapons found at the school , Adam Lanza also had access to at least three more guns , a law enforcement source said . Investigators recovered a .45 - caliber Henry Repeating Rifle , a .22 - caliber Marlin Rifle and a .30 - caliber Enfield Rifle , though it 's unclear where they were found , the source said . Investigators believe Lanza killed his mother and then took her guns and made his way to the elementary school wearing black fatigues and a military vest , according to a law enforcement official . According to Vance , Lanza forced his way into the school though he would n't say how or whether Lanza used weapons to do it . Authorities said it 's also not clear whether Lanza entered before or after 9:30 a.m. , the time each day when the school would lock its doors as part of a security system introduced this year . Authorities say the first emergency call about the shooting came in at "  approximately " 9:30 a.m. Friday . Within minutes , 26 people had been killed with chilling efficiency , leaving only the one wounded survivor . The survivor , an adult , has not been named . "  She has been treated and she 'll be instrumental in this investigation , as I 'm sure you can understand , " Vance said . The massacre in Newtown is the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history , behind the 2007 Virginia Tech mass shooting that left 32 dead . "  Stuff like this does not happen in Newtown , " said Renee Burn , a teacher at another school in the town , which is roughly 75 miles northeast of New York City . Until Friday , only one homicide in the past 10 years had been reported in the upscale community of expansive homes surrounded by woods , where many residents commute to jobs in Manhattan and the nearby Connecticut cities of Stamford and Hartford . Flags were lowered to half-staff in a number of states , and vigils were held at houses of worship and at schools amid a national outpouring of grief . What really makes schools safer ? School shooting : Shattering the sense of safety 10 ways to put brakes on mass shootings in schools People are sharing their concern and sadness over the Newtown school shooting . What are your thoughts ? Share them with CNN iReport .	President Barack Obama will travel to Newtown , Connecticut . on Sunday The father of a young victim remembers his daughter as bright , creative and loving 12 girls and eights boys were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School Six adults were also murdered , in addition to the mother of the suspected shooter
CNN  -- Nine months after a Justice Department investigation castigated Puerto Rico 's police department , another exhaustive report , this one by the American Civil Liberties Union , discloses evidence of widespread abuses and violations of civil rights . The Puerto Rico Police Department , the second-largest police department in the United States , was the object of a scathing report by the ACLU that concluded things have not changed since the government issued its own report . The 17,000-strong department "  is a dysfunctional and recalcitrant police force that has run amok for years , " the report said . The organization found routine use of excessive force and incidents of civil and human rights violations , especially against low-income people , Puerto Ricans of African descent and Dominican immigrants . "  These abuses do not represent isolated incidents or aberrant behavior by a few rogue officers . Such police brutality is pervasive and systemic , island-wide and ongoing , " the new report states . Puerto Rico 's secretary of state called the ACLU report a "  rehash " of what the federal government had already found , and said that changes are already under way . Millions of dollars have been spent on retraining , new equipment and salary raises to improve morale , Secretary of State Kenneth McClintock said . The Justice Department 's own report included more than 100 recommendations that had been drafted and implemented by the Puerto Rican government itself , he said . "  We are already changing the police force and changing it dramatically , " he said . Government officials of the U.S. commonwealth admit that there are some problems with its police force , but it is not correct to call it pervasive , he said . "  For some agents it was something ingrained , in some members of the force , " McClintock said . The Puerto Rican government has raised more than $ 50 million to spend on its police force , much of that going to police raises and training . When the Justice Department released its report last year , it noted that amid the allegations of abuse , Puerto Rico was grappling with a record-number of homicides in 2010 . The ACLU report updates the figure , saying that with 1,130 murders in 2011 , last year set a record for homicides . Over a five-year period from 2005 to 2010 , more than 1,700 officers -- or about 10 % of the total police force -- were arrested for criminal activity such as assault , theft , domestic violence , drug trafficking and even murder , the report says . The ACLU says that incidents of abuse or impropriety have been reported as recently as May of this year . "  You do n't have a dramatic transformation overnight , " McClintock said . According to the ACLU , the Puerto Rico Police Department has used unreasonable force in at least some of the 28 deaths of civilians that it said came at the hands of the police . The most recent killing happened in April of this year , the report states . On April 27 , two brothers got into a dispute with a police officer after he stopped their sister for speeding . At one point , one of the brothers took the officer 's nightstick and hit him with it , and the other hit him with a pipe , police have said . The officer responded by firing 14 times , killing Saul Medina Figueroa and critically injuring Adrian Medina Figuaroa , the report states . The sister disputes that the officer acted in self-defense , raising questions about the justification of the officer 's use of force , the ACLU report says . The ACLU based its findings on interviews conducted in Puerto Rico between March and September , 2011 . Puerto Rico : A forgotten front in America 's drug war ? KKK wants ACLU help to adopt highway CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	The ACLU says it found a pattern of civil rights violations by Puerto Rican police A government investigation had a similar conclusion last year Puerto Rico says it is already working to fix the problems
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords is "  recovering well " after skull surgery Wednesday , officials at Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center in Houston said . The Arizona Democrat had a cranioplasty procedure , officials said . Doctors will discuss the procedure and Giffords ' next step in rehabilitation at a Thursday morning press briefing . Jared Lee Loughner is accused of opening fire outside a Tucson , Arizona , supermarket where Giffords was meeting with constituents in January . Six people -- including a federal judge -- were killed and 13 others were wounded in the attack . After the shooting , surgeons in Arizona cut a hole in Giffords ' skull to give her brain space to temporarily swell . The congresswoman later was transported to Houston for further treatment and rehab . Dr. Dong Kim told CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen before the surgery he would implant a piece of synthetic bone made specially for the congresswoman . "  More than just getting the bone back , it is a marker for where we are " in Giffords ' recovery , the neurosurgeon said . Kim told Cohen that a shunt may have to be inserted to carry excess fluids from the brain to the abdominal cavity .	The Arizona Democrat has an operation on her skull Surgeons implanted a piece of synthetic bone Gabrielle Giffords was shot in January in Tucson , Arizona
CNN  -- Pre-tournament favorites the Ivory Coast qualified for the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations with a 3-1 victory against Ghana in Angola on Friday night , despite having Emmanuel Eboue sent off . The Elephants have four points from two games , leaving Ghana and Burkina Faso to fight for the other place from Group B , with Togo having withdrawn following the deadly gun attack on their team bus . Ghana 's Black Stars will need to show more penetration next Tuesday than they did on a boggy-looking , cut up pitch in Cabinda , with Burkina Faso needing just a draw to go through . Injury-hit Ghana , four-time winners of the tournament , started with captain Michael Essien on the bench as he was deemed not ready to play due to the hamstring problem that delayed his arrival from England . And while his side made it a bright start , it was the Ivorians who took the lead in the 23rd minute after a swift counter-attack , with Barcelona midfielder Yaya Toure threading a slide-rule pass behind the defense to Salomon Kalou which allowed the Chelsea striker to square a simple chance for Gervinho to knock into the net . Kalou 's clubmate Essien came on at halftime for Mousse Narry and gave his team more presence in midfield , but it was the Ivory Coast who were left to rue strongarm tactics when Arsenal 's Eboue was red-carded for a dreadful two-footed lunge on Agyeman Opoku in the 55th minute . Mathew Amoah almost made the Ivorians pay immediately , but his left-foot shot hit the base of the post with goalkeeper Boubacar Barry well beaten . But Ghana paid for their lack of finishing when Siaka Tiene fired in a superb free-kick in the 67th minute , with his dipping left-foot effort from the right-hand side of the pitch clearing the wall and beating keeper Richard Kingson at his near post . Kalou was stretchered off soon after following a collision with a teammate , but the Ivory Coast were comfortable and added a third goal in the final minute of regulation time when his replacement Kader Keita did well to deliver a cross which captain Didier Drogba powerfully headed home at the far post . Ghana were given a consolation penalty in time added on when halftime substitute Asamoah Gyan went down under a 50-50 challenge from Soulemane Bamba , and the Rennes striker got up to slot the goal .	Ivory Coast reach last eight of Africa Cup of Nations with 3-1 win over Ghana in Angola The Elephants go through despite having Arsenal 's Emmanuel Eboue sent off Ghana face Burkina Faso on Tuesday needing a win to qualify in second place Group B was reduced to three teams after Togo withdrew following deadly gun attack
CNN  -- That Australia is once again defending itself against claims of racism is not surprising . Harry Connick Jr. gave the comedy skit a zero mark . That the cause of the furor is a childish , inappropriate racial ` joke ' is even less of a surprise . Australian popular culture has a long held an often embarrassing tradition of wrapping racism in supposed humor . Movie star and singer Harry Connick Jr. condemned on air an Australian television skit featuring a group of performers who wore blackface to impersonate the late pop star Michael Jackson and his brothers . Connick was a judge on the Australian variety show "  Hey Hey It 's Saturday , " when the blackface group "  Jackson Jive " performed "  Can You Feel It " wearing huge black wigs , blackface and one spangled glove each . The Michael Jackson impersonator wore whiteface . In the 1950s a popular song lampooned a ` misfit ' Aborigine whose ` boomerang wo n't come back . ' Popular entertainer Rolf Harris was even less sensitive in a verse of his song "  Tie me kangaroo down sport " proclaiming that on his death one of his friends could free his captive Aborigines : "  Let my Abos go loose , they 're of no further use , so let my Abos go loose . " A famous Australian illustrator known as Joliffe made his fame and fortune in a long-running cartoon depicting Aborigines as dim-witted , thick browed , naked , creatures from the stone age . It is not just indigenous Australians who have borne the brunt of these so-called jokes . Watch Connick 's reaction to the ` blackface Jacksons ' " After World War II a new wave of immigrants arrived from southern Europe . Australians unused to such foreigners with odd sounding languages and strange smelling food quickly labeled the new comers ` wogs . ' In the 1960s a popular film "  They 're A Weird Mob " mocked one of these immigrants for his poor English and strange customs . He finally wins approval by marrying his boss ' daughter , a good Anglo Aussie , learning to swear and drink copious beers . There are just a few quick examples -- there are many , many others -- of how Australians use mockery and humor to disguise their discomfort with so-called ` outsiders . ' The use of humor for a long time reflected official government policy that also scorned foreigners and Aborigines . Australian settlement in the 18th century was rooted in racism . Indigenous Australians were deemed not even to exist . British law proclaimed the continent Terra Nullius or empty land , extinguishing in an instant tens of thousands of years of Aboriginal occupation and ownership . Aborigines were dispossessed , often violently , and basic human freedoms , and rights to equal education , employment and welfare benefits denied . It was not until 1967 -- almost 200 years after European settlement -- that the law was changed to officially count Aborigines in the census as human beings and no longer included amongst the flora and fauna ! For most of the last century Australia pursued a ` White Australia Policy . ' It was designed to limit immigration only to those of white skin . In the first half of the century nearly 80 percent of all immigrants came from the United Kingdom . Despite being geographically in Asia , Australians generally viewed Asian people with suspicion dubbing them the ` yellow peril . ' In the words of one of the prime ministers of the time Harold Holt "  Australia must be kept preponderantly British in its institutions and compositions of its people . " Immigrants , Holt conceded , "  offered much " and in return they must simply "  become Australian . " For many that too often meant being forced to laugh along with jokes at their own expense . Times though , thankfully , have changed . The ` White Australia Policy ' has long been consigned to history . Aborigines have struggled for and won a measure of equality of law and opportunity . Prime Minister Kevin Rudd last year apologized to Indigenous Australians for past mistreatment and injustice . Humor too has changed . A new generation of Australian comics from China , Vietnam , Italy , Greece and Lebanon have turned the tables ; laughing at themselves and ` Anglo Aussies . ' Comedian Joe Dolce scored a worldwide hit with his song ` Shaddap-a-your-face ' a ditty spoofing his Italian broken English . A Greek-Australian comedy group filled theatres throughout the country with its play ` Wogs Out of Work . ' Humor can be a great leveler . One of Australia 's prouder traditions is egalitarianism , a nation where princes and paupers can on a simple human level meet each other as equals . Humor , in the right spirit pricks our pomposity , makes a virtue of our differences and reveals our common humanity . The ham-fisted ` Jackson Jive ' routine achieved none of that . Appearing in blackface belongs in Australia 's own dark past , back there , with the ` White Australia Policy ' , silly songs about Aborigines and Joliffe cartoons . Connick was right to give the comedy skit a zero . Connick 's homeland America , is itself not free of racial issues , but in this case it took an American to tell those Australians who still find such offensive skits funny : "  The Joke is on you ! "	Australian has a history of wrapping racism in supposed humor Racial humor for a long time reflected official government policy Harry Connick Jr. right to slam ` blackface Jacksons ' act on Australian TV To those Australians who still find such offensive skits funny : "  The Joke is on you ! "
CNN  -- As Sen. John McCain prepares to promote free trade during a high-profile trip to Colombia and Mexico , a poll out Tuesday suggests the issue may be a political hurdle as the general election campaign heats up . Sen. John McCain 's free trade stance could pose a problem in November , according to a new poll . According to the CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll , 51 percent of Americans view foreign trade as a threat to the economy -- the first time in a CNN poll that a majority of Americans report holding negative views on free trade . That compares with only 35 percent of Americans who felt free trade posed a threat to the economy in 2000 , and 48 percent who felt it was a threat in 2006 . Now , only four in 10 Americans say free trade presents an opportunity for economic growth , a sentiment that clearly makes the issue a challenge for McCain , especially in the crucial Rust Belt states most affected by the loss of manufacturing jobs over the last decade . "  It 's possible that John McCain 's decision to highlight his free trade position may wind up losing him some votes among Americans who feel threatened economically by competition from other countries , " CNN polling director Keating Holland said . "  Recent polls in states like Pennsylvania and Michigan have shown McCain well behind Barack Obama . Calling attention to his stand on an issue like trade may be a part of the problems he apparently faces in those Midwestern states . " The poll also shows that some of the key voting blocs McCain is courting are most against free trade . Women , older Americans and lower-income voters report feeling the biggest threat from unfettered trade . Many of these voters were particularly receptive to Sen. Hillary Clinton in key states during the Democratic primary as she increasingly developed an anti-trade stance . The survey results come as McCain , who is a strong supporter of the North American Free Trade Agreement , heads to Colombia and Mexico to promote the advantages off a free trade policy and economic cooperation . He made a similar trip to Canada earlier this month . Campaigning Monday through Pennsylvania -- one of the crucial political battleground states most affected by the loss of manufacturing jobs -- the presumptive Republican presidential nominee acknowledged many voters disagree with him on the issue . "  I understand it 's very tough . But for me to give up my advocacy of free trade would be a betrayal of trust , " he told reporters Tuesday . "  And the most precious commodity I have with the American people is that they trust me . " In another challenge for McCain , the new CNN survey indicates Americans continue to rank the economy as the most important issue in deciding their vote for president . Nearly six in 10 voters say the country 's poor economic conditions will be extremely important -- ranking the economy as the No. 1 issue in this campaign out of 15 issues tested in the poll . That finding represents a clear change from the beginning of this year , when the war in Iraq and the economy were tied as the top campaign issues . Now , the economy is eight points ahead of Iraq -- a fact that could pose a threat to McCain , who has admitted he is more comfortable discussing foreign policy issues than economic ones . Rising gas prices are also among voters ' concerns , with nearly 50 percent saying the issue will play an important role in their vote for president . That number is just behind those that say the economy and Iraq are important , a clear sign that higher prices for gasoline are the primary reason for voters ' economic worries , though not the only one . "  It also means that a significant number of voters are concerned about other economic woes , like the stock market or unemployment , rather than gas prices , " Holland said . "  Unless there is a noticeable upturn in the country 's economy between now and November , this election is likely to be dominated by economic concerns . " The poll , conducted June 26-29 , surveyed 906 registered voters and carries a margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points .	New CNN/Opinion Research Corp. . Poll released Tuesday It suggests the free trade issue may pose a problem for McCain Poll : 51 percent of Americans view foreign trade as a threat to the economy
CNN  -- Two Syrian jets fired three rockets that hit empty buildings near the Lebanese town of Arsal near the Syrian border Monday , a local source said . There were no injuries , according to the source . Also , Lebanese state-run news agency NNA reported that Syrian warplanes attacked sites in northern Lebanon . The government 's use of fighter jets to fire rockets into Lebanon is a "  significant escalation , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Monday . The French Foreign Ministry in Lebanon issued a statement condemning the attacks . "  The aerial bombing carried out today by the armed forces of the Syrian regime on Lebanese territory , in the region of Ersal , is a new and serious violation of Lebanon 's sovereignty , " the statement said . "  France strongly condemns this escalation and reiterates its commitment to Lebanon 's sovereignty and the inviolability of its borders . " This latest violence comes as the Syrian conflict enters its third year . The unrest started in March 2011 when President Bashar al-Assad 's government launched a fierce crackdown on protesters . The discontent evolved into a full-blown civil war that has left more than 70,000 dead and more than 1 million refugees . Syria 's first lady makes rare appearance One result of the warfare is the spillover of fighting and refugee displacement into neighboring countries such as Lebanon , Turkey , Jordan and Iraq . As for Lebanon , the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency also reported border flareups . Syrian armed forces and border guards have thwarted "  armed terrorist " infiltrators attempting to get into the Homs countryside from Lebanon , SANA said , citing a development first reported last week . The news outlet also reported gunshots fired at Syrian border checkpoints from Lebanon . Syria 's Foreign and Expatriates Ministry accused the alleged terrorists of receiving "  clear logistic support from inside the Lebanese lands " and ferrying their wounded and dead in ambulances across the Lebanese border . SANA quotes a source saying that security forces have killed and wounded fighters and forced them to retreat to Lebanon . Last Thursday , the U.N. Security Council voiced "  grave concern over repeated incidents of cross-border fire which caused death and injury among the Lebanese population , incursions , abductions and arms trafficking across the Lebanese-Syrian border , as well as other border violations . " The declaration followed a briefing by officials on how the conflict in Syria has spilled into Lebanon . Other violence raged in Syria on Monday , with the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria recording at least 53 deaths . Arming the opposition The United States and Western allies have staunchly opposed the Assad government , but it has balked at arming Syria 's rebels , who have been getting weapons from some Arab nations and seizing or buying them from Syrian soldiers . As the carnage continues , however , the West is taking a different tone . Secretary of State John Kerry said Monday that the United States would not hamper the arming of Syrian rebels by allies . "  President Obama has made it clear that the United States does not stand in the way of other countries that have made a decision to provide arms , " he said . His comments , made at the State Department , come as Britain and France urge the European Union to lift the weapons embargo in order to arm moderate Syrian rebels . Kerry acknowledged the need to change the military "  imbalance " on the ground in order to change al-Assad 's "  calculus . " "  Right now , President Assad is receiving help from the Iranians , he 's receiving help from al Qaeda-related , some elements , he 's receiving help from Hezbollah , and obviously some help is coming in through the Russians . If he believes he can shoot it out , Syrians and the region have a problem and the world has a problem , " he said . Last week , Syrian rebels told CNN that the United States is helping organize training for Syrian rebels in Jordan in the use of anti-tank and anti-aircraft weapons . Opposition selects leader A Syrian opposition umbrella group , meeting in Istanbul , Turkey , has chosen a U.S.-educated Kurdish businessman to head its provisional government , an opposition activist who attended the vote said Monday . Ghassan Hitto , an information technology executive who went to college in Indiana and lived for many years in Dallas was elected Monday to lead a government whose specific role may be spelled out at a planned news conference Tuesday . Hitto was born in Damascus and is a member of the board of the Syrian American Council , the council said in a news release after the vote . The group said the decision should assuage the Obama administration 's concerns about who would lead Syria should President Bashar al-Assad be deposed . "  This question has now been answered , " the council 's statement said . CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh , Joe Sterling , Elise Labott , Jason Hanna , Raja Razek , Yousuf Basil and Jim Kavanagh contributed to this report .	NEW : Rebels elect U.S.-educated Kurd to lead provisional government We wo n't stand in the way of arming the opposition , the U.S. secretary of state says Syrian state news reports a thwarted "  terrorist " infiltration Lebanese state-run news agency NNA reports an attack
CNN  -- As an estimated one billion people around the globe take part in events to mark the 42nd Earth Day , Paolo Nespoli 's images provide a striking reminder of our planet 's awe-inspiring beauty and fragility as an eco-system . During a six-month mission to the International Space Station  ISS  last year , the Italian astronaut snapped around 26,000 images , posting daily updates on Twitter . "  I really tried to capture what I was seeing . I was amazed by the response from people . It was very fulfilling for me . I was doing something which was very interesting for me , but it made me more happy that I could share the images , " Nespoli said . Nespoli explained to CNN what it 's like to see the world "  turning around your feet " and the unique perspective space travel provides on our planet and humans ' collective impact on it . Describe the view of Earth from space ? Paolo Nespoli : "  It 's a most unreal view you have from up there . It 's look as though it 's painted . One of the things you gain up there is an appreciation of planet Earth as a kind of ship . It looks like a ship flying in space . "  A lot of the time you 're up there you are working so you do n't have a lot of time to look out of the window . When you do , most of the time you see oceans and clouds -- which is really nice . "  But it really takes a little bit of time before you acquire a perception of where you are and what you are looking at and how to look at it in the best way . "  After a month , a month and a half , something strange happens -- you look out of the window and you know where you are . You might be over Australia , Africa , you just know . It 's amazing how you just develop this . " How high does the ISS orbit ? PN : We are 400 kilometers  248 miles  above the Earth and fly at a velocity of 20,000 kilometers-per-hour  12,400 mph  -- the equivalent of about 7.7 kilometers-per-second  4.8 miles-per-second  . How did traveling to space change your outlook on Earth ? PN : "  I felt like a human being , a terrestrial guy -- not an Italian or a European . I felt like an earthling . "  You get an appreciation of how delicate the planet is . You see the atmosphere which covers the Earth like a blanket . It looked like if I would blow on it too hard it would float away . We know if that get 's corrupted in a certain way that 's the end . " How do you think humans are affecting the planet ? PN : "  The impact we are having on this planet is surely microscopic when we look at one single event , but when you look at it and you repeat these events all over - a few miles across here , a few miles across there , a river here , a river there , a city here , a city there -- and it 's clear we are a major force in shaping the crust of this planet and its clear we have the capability of imparting changes . "  I can not say we are bad , or that we are causing the planet to go hot or cold . We do n't have enough data . But it 's clear that we are doing things that have a huge potential of making changes . We need to understand more . It 's a risky situation with a very delicate eco-system balance which can be dramatically skewed . " Thoughts on the future of space travel ? PN : "  I think space travel will become successful as a tourism activity . I wish everybody could go up there and see the world from a different point of view , with different eyes . "  I would , for sure , send up the politicians  some of them we should leave there !  to change the way they think , but I would also send up philosophers , journalists and theologians . "	Italian astronaut captures amazing images of Earth from International Space Station Paolo Nespoli used Twitter to send images back to Earth during a six-month mission which ended in 2011 The ISS orbits 400 kilometers above Earth traveling at a speed of 20,000 kilometers-per-hour April 22 marks the 42nd Earth Day with events being held all over the world
CNN  -- Like the other American who volunteered to help others in Africa and ended up with Ebola , Nancy Writebol is driven first and foremost by her fervent faith . Still , that does n't mean she does n't need -- or deserve -- a pick-me-up . So , after arriving at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital from Liberia , Nancy Writebol asked for -- and received -- coffee from Starbucks . That was a definite plus about being back in her home country , though her husband acknowledges she has a long way to go to beat the deadly disease . "  I do n't believe we can say she is in the clear ,  but  I would say she is in very good hands , " her husband , David Writebol , said Friday . " ... I am praying like never before . " ` Unassuming ' woman of faith thrust into spotlight On the same day he spoke about his wife 's illness , the other infected American , who is being treated at the same Atlanta hospital , spoke publicly for the first time . Dr. Kent Brantly said in a statement that he is receiving "  the very best care possible " and "  growing stronger every day . " Brantly and the Writebols talked about what led them to Liberia , where they thrust themselves into the midst of poverty and disease with a mission focusing on those in need . They also spoke about their struggles now to overcome Ebola . Brantly , 33 , went to Liberia with his wife and two children last year to serve a two-year fellowship through a Samaritan 's Purse post-residency program to practice general medicine . Infected U.S. doctor long drawn to mission work But everything changed when Ebola started to sweep through West Africa . Brantly got a new role as medical director for the Samaritan 's Purse Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia . "  I held the hands of countless individuals as this terrible disease took their lives away from them , " he said Friday . "  I witnessed the horror firsthand and I can still remember every face and name . " It was in Monrovia where Brantly said he "  immediately isolated " himself after first feeling ill . Three days later , his Ebola diagnosis was confirmed , though it did n't trigger the emotional response one might expect . "  When the result was positive , I remember a deep sense of peace that was beyond all understanding , " he said . "  God was reminding me of what he had taught me years ago , that he will give me everything I need to be faithful to him . " Two weeks after that diagnosis , Brantly said , "  My focus ... remains the same -- to follow God . " WHO : Ebola an international health emergency That strong Christian faith also echoed throughout David Writebol 's comments about his wife . Married for 40 years , the Writebols have traveled the globe focused on their faith and their desire to help others . They are an ocean apart now , though plans are in the works to bring David Writebol from Liberia to be with his wife in Atlanta . When they do reunite , David said , "  I would give her a kiss . Hold her . " After that , the couple would n't necessarily go back to the comforts of America and more coffee from Starbucks . Ebola might have derailed them , but it has n't changed their purpose in life . "  We are n't going to stop our ministry , " David Writebol said . "  We believe we can serve wherever God sends us . " Ebola virus : 9 things to know about the killer disease Experimental drug likely saved Ebola patients 9 questions about this new Ebola drug	Nancy Writebol and Dr. Kent Brantly contracted Ebola while helping others in Liberia Both were flown home to the U.S. and are being treated at Emory University Hospital Nancy Writebol 's husband says she 's not yet in the clear but "  in very good hands " Kent Brantly says his "  focus ... remains the same -- to follow God "
Washington  CNN  -- With Herman Cain 's departure from the 2012 field of candidates seeking the Republican presidential nomination , several contenders have sought to claim the "  tea party candidate " mantle . But for those entrenched in the movement , none of the remaining candidates have a legitimate claim to the title . Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann founded the tea party caucus in the House in 2010 and was designated one of the top 10 most conservative members of the chamber by Heritage Action , sister organization to the Heritage Foundation , an esteemed conservative think tank . She declared the tea party would "  come home " to her campaign the day after Cain suspended his bid for the White House earlier this month . But Bachmann must jockey with other candidates for that title . Texas Rep. Ron Paul claimed the tea party was started with his 2008 presidential campaign . He first ran for Congress in 1976 with the platform of Constitution-based policy . Twelve terms later , Paul has announced he will retire after serving . His philosophy jibes with the tea party value of crafting policy close to constitutional standards . Ron Paul : I 'm the ` flavor of the decade ' Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has also entered the fray of tea party-professing candidates , with some help from across the aisle . The Democratic National Committee released an ad painting Gingrich as the "  original tea partier . " With a balanced budget on his resume , achieved during President Clinton 's second term , Gingrich has embraced the tea party movement from its beginning in 2009 . So which of the three actually fit the mold ? "  I do n't think anybody has a claim to that title , " said Mark Meckler , co-founder and national coordinator of the Tea Party Patriots . "  What we 're looking for is for all candidates to try their best to articulate and reflect tea party values , and I think that we 've been very successful in pushing the debate so that they 're all required to do so , " Meckler said . Tea Party Express chairman Amy Kremer agreed . "  I do n't think that there 's any one candidate that can say that they 're the real tea party  candidate  , " she said . Neither the Tea Party Patriots nor the Tea Party Express have endorsed a candidate from the field of seven , which includes Bachmann , Paul , Gingrich , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum , former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman , Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney . Judson Phillips , founder and CEO of the Tea Party Nation , endorsed Gingrich in September , but no candidate has yet received the bulk of party support . Christine O'Donnell , a former Senate candidate from Delaware and a tea party darling , endorsed Romney on Tuesday and decried tea partiers who have been "  flocking " to Gingrich 's campaign . Romney has been both panned and praised within the tea party movement , but when it comes to conservative chops , Meckler and Kramer say Bachmann , Paul and Gingrich all have something to boast about . Meckler described Bachmann and Paul as having long-term records that are "  consistent " with tea party values , but cautioned that the tea party caucus founded by Bachmann was assembled with the understanding that "  they did n't speak for us , they did n't have any influence over us , " and "  they do n't represent us . " Instead , Meckler says the caucus was intended as a "  listening mechanism , not a representative mechanism . " Bachmann has only picked up three endorsements from the caucus , but Kremer said that should n't have bearing on the way tea party supporters vote . "  While I respect the tea party caucus and a lot of those members that are a part of that Congress , the American people do n't want a congressman or congresswoman or a senator to tell them that they should vote for a certain person , " she said . Kremer touted Bachmann 's "  loud voice for the tea party dating back to the early days of the movement , " but she balked at Paul 's credentials . "  I never knew who Ron Paul was before this tea party movement started , " she said . Kremer stated the longtime congressman has n't been involved with the Tea Party Express and cited his absence during the bus tour leading up to the CNN/Tea Party Republican Presidential Debate in September . "  I think it 's interesting that they claim that he 's the godfather of the tea party movement , but yet he does n't interact with the tea party movement whatsoever , " she said . Conversely , for Kremer , Gingrich can be credited with a long , tea party history . "  The other interesting candidate out there is Newt Gingrich because  he  has been involved in the tea party movement from the very beginning , " she said , crediting his organization American Solutions as being one of the original sponsoring organizations of the 2009 Tax Day Tea Party and his staff members with reaching out to work with tea party groups across the country . "  With Newt , one of the things that people like is that he was able to balance the budget when President Clinton was in office ... He understands the importance of the conservative moment , " Kremer said . "  He 's been building that relationship . " But CNN contributor and conservative columnist Rich Galen questions whether there is a tea party to be the candidate of . "  Those kinds of groups need enemies to be successful . They need to have someone they can point to , rail against and raise money to defeat . Then , when you win , you 're out of enemies so the vigor of the organization tends to dissipate , if not the organization itself , " he said . "  To that degree , that 's what has happened to the tea party . " An NBC News/Wall Street Journal survey released earlier this week indicated that 27 % of Republican primary voters nationwide consider themselves tea party supporters -- up two percentage points from November -- but 65 % say they do not . Galen noted 2010 U.S. Senate losses of tea party backed candidates O'Donnell in Delaware and Sharron Angle in Nevada as lessons for the movement that prove endorsements may be too risky to gamble . "  They went out of their way to nominate somebody that they liked and ended up losing the seat , " he said . "  Presidential politics in America is different than any other level â $ " the president is our version of royalty . It 's a far different and more thoughtful , more consuming thought as to who you 're going to vote for for president . " But tea party-backed candidates also posted big wins -- including four seats in the Senate , the governor 's mansion in South Carolina and seats in the House . Admitting that she 'd thought the Tea Party Express would have made an endorsement by now , Kremer credited the volatility of the GOP race as a reason it has not and suggested efforts may be better directed elsewhere . "  I thought we would 've made  an endorsement  by Iowa , but the movement really needs to coalesce behind somebody before we get involved , " she said . "  And because everybody is all over the place , I think it 's smart to focus on the U.S. Senate , because regardless of if -LSB- President Barack -RSB- Obama is re-elected or not , we need to have control of that Senate . " The movement has not solidified around one candidate , due in part to the diversity of its supporters and an awareness that electability is a critical factor in securing the GOP nomination . Kremer acknowledged it "  could be an issue . " "  These people in this movement , it 's not like they 're a bunch of idiots out there holding up signs and protesting the government . These people are doing their research ... and they 're making their decisions based upon what they 're learning . " The NBC News/WSJ poll found that while 40 % of GOP primary voters back Gingrich compared with 23 % who back Romney , in a hypothetical general election matchup , Obama would defeat the former House speaker 51 % -40 % . Romney comes closer , trailing 47 % -45 % . Paul placed third , but received 9 % support and has n't cracked the top two in national polls since announcing his candidacy . And although Bachmann won the critical Ames straw poll in Iowa in August , she placed fourth in the survey and has consistently received single digit support . Gingrich and Romney may top polls measuring national support for the Republican candidates , but Meckler hesitated in speculating on whether the nomination will be duked out between the two . "  Trying to make these kinds of predictions is foolhardy , " he said . Kremer stated Romney still has bigger problems to face . "  The thing that he 's going to have to reconcile with this grassroots movement is that at the end of the day , people do n't want a mandate for health care . It does n't matter if it 's a state mandate , they do n't want a mandate coming from state or federal government , " alluding to the health care plan Romney ushered in as Massachusetts ' governor . Both Kremer and Meckler are confident that , despite heavy-handed criticism of both frontrunners , the tea party movement will mobilize behind any candidate that is the nominee and prioritize Obama 's defeat over tea party ideals . When asked whether tea party stalwarts will resist voting for a GOP nominee not in line with their values , Meckler said , "  There certainly may be some that will do that  but  I do n't think that 's the majority of people in the movement . " "  There are very few people that have said that there 's no one that they can support , " Kremer said . "  Gingrich might not be everyone 's first choice and Romney might not be everyone 's first choice , but Obama is everyone 's last choice , " Galen said . "  A lot of those guys understand that . "	After Herman Cain 's exit , several contenders have sought to claim the "  tea party candidate " mantle Neither the Tea Party Patriots nor the Tea Party Express has endorsed a candidate Mitt Romney has been both panned and praised within the tea party movement CNN contributor Rich Galen questions whether there is a tea party to be the candidate of
Mental Floss  -- Investigators are trying to figure out whether the financial fraud allegedly perpetrated by Bernard L. Madoff was , in fact , the largest Ponzi scheme in history . The alleged scam , which cost investors $ 50 billion , sounds like a classic Ponzi racket . The New York home of Bernard Madoff , who 's accused in a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme . But what is a Ponzi scheme ? And why does it bear this name ? First , you need to know a little bit about its namesake , Charles Ponzi . Anyone can work a simple swindle , but you have to be a special kind of con man to have your name become synonymous with "  fraud . " Ponzi pulled it off , though . After arriving in the U.S. from Italy in 1903 , Ponzi knocked around in a variety of unskilled jobs that usually ended when he got into trouble for theft or cheating customers . A few years later , he moved to Canada , where he spent a hitch in prison for passing a forged check . When he eventually drifted back down to the U.S. , he needed a way to make some quick cash . Watch how a Ponzi scheme works " Making money via mail Ponzi eventually found his way to get rich quick using a vagary of the postal system . At the time , it was common for letters abroad to include an international reply coupon -- a voucher that could be exchanged for minimum postage back to the country from which the letter was sent . Thus , if you sent your buddy in France a letter , you could include a coupon so he could respond .  This practice still exists but is less common .  As exchange and postal rates fluctuated , though , there was an opportunity to make a profit . You only had to purchase postal reply coupons cheaply in some foreign country , send them back to the U.S. to swap them out for American stamps of a higher value , then sell these stamps . This arrangement was perfectly legal ; it was just cleverly gaming the system . Ponzi started buying and selling postal reply coupons using agents in his native Italy , and he was making a good living doing it . Unfortunately , whatever defect made Ponzi steal from his employers and pass bad checks prompted him to get greedy here , too . He started to recruit investors into his system with the promise of 50 percent returns in just a few days . Investors would pay their cash in , and sure enough , Ponzi would get them the promised return . Everyone was happy with the results , and word started to spread about this Italian financial wizard . Within two years , he had employees all over the country recruiting new takers for this foolproof investment strategy . Ponzi was pocketing millions , and he enjoyed a sumptuous life outside of Boston . At his peak , Ponzi was raking in $ 250,000 a day , which enabled him to collect such necessities as gold-handled canes . He became a celebrity investor , almost like the Warren Buffett of his day . The scheme Why is it hard to think of Ponzi 's name without affixing "  scheme " to the end of it , then ? Ponzi 's underlying "  business " -- the arbitrage on the postal coupons -- was n't actually as sound as he claimed . In fact , there was n't even really a business . However , since so much money was flowing in from new investors , he could just pay off the returns for the old ones from the new cash . In fact , Ponzi did n't even need to pay off the old investors , since many of them wanted to reinvest their returns in this wonderful business . Ponzi 's charms made it easy for him to placate any worried customers , and his con looked unstoppable . Mental Floss : 4 very big paychecks for very little work Fuzzy math Eventually , though , smarter financial heads started looking at Ponzi 's business . Clarence Barron , owner of the Wall Street Journal and founder of the financial magazine that bears his name , realized Ponzi must have been a huckster and went on the offensive . While Barron conceded that there probably was a way for a person to make a small amount of quick cash on the postal reply coupon scheme , he figured that Ponzi would have to be moving 160 million coupons around to raise the cash he needed to support the business . Since there were only 27,000 postal reply coupons circulating in the world , Ponzi 's story did n't check out .  Things only got worse when the Postal Service reported that there was n't a huge flow of the coupons from one country to the other . On top of that , Barron noted that Ponzi told newspapers he invested his own cash in real estate , stocks , and bonds like any normal investor . Barron pointed out the obvious question here : if Ponzi had this failsafe scheme in which he could make a 50 percent profit , why was he putting his own money into plain old investment instruments that would give him  maybe  a 5 percent return ? Those certainly did n't sound like the actions of a financial genius . Barron 's conclusions ran as front-page news in the Boston Post in July 1920 , which would have been damning for most cons . Ponzi was such a charismatic force of nature , though , that many people chose not to believe the paper 's report . Few believed that their hero , the man who had "  tripled " their life savings , was anything less than 100 percent legitimate . In fact , the morning that the Post ran Barron 's report , investors lined up around the block outside of his office in an attempt to give him more money -- even after they 'd been told that they 'd been scammed . Ponzi later boasted that he 'd taken in a million dollars in new investments the day the report ran . Mental Floss : 5 of history 's worst perpetrators of corruption The unraveling Things were starting to look less rosy for the scammer , though . Although he 'd largely placated his investors after Barron 's report , Ponzi must have realized his window of opportunity was closing . He hired a publicist , William McMasters , but the PR man saw through Ponzi 's lies and renounced his client in the press . James Walsh reprints part of McMasters ' slam of Ponzi in his book , "  You Ca n't Cheat An Honest Man . " Of Ponzi , McMasters said , "  The man is a financial idiot . He can hardly add ... He sits with his feet on the desk smoking expensive cigars in a diamond holder and talking complete gibberish about postal coupons . " The next month , regulators raided Ponzi 's office and discovered that he did n't have a huge quantity of postal reply coupons . Since Ponzi had used the mail to notify his marks of how their "  investments " were performing , he faced serious mail fraud charges ; in total , the government brought 86 charges against him in two separate indictments . Ponzi pled guilty to one of these charges in exchange for a light sentence of five years . He served around three and a half years , then got his release to face state charges , for which he received a sentence of nine more years . But before he could go back to jail , he jumped bail and tried to start new scams in Florida and Texas .  You 'd think the government would have learned their lesson about trusting this guy .  Eventually , though , his time on the lam ran out , and he served his whole sentence . Upon his release , Ponzi was deported to Italy and spent the rest of his life in poverty before dying in 1949 in Rio de Janeiro , where he 's buried in a pauper 's grave . Mental Floss : 10 things your body can do after you die For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Charles Ponzi was a real person who swindled investors in a postal scam Ponzi pocketed millions and enjoyed life but a publisher was suspicious Wall Street Journal 's Clarence Barron printed front page story slamming Ponzi Ponzi served time , was deported and died in 1949 -- buried in a pauper 's grave
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A protest march against U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan , led by former cricket star turned politician Imran Khan , came to a halt on Sunday when authorities blocked access to the demonstration 's final destination in the tribal region , officials told CNN . Authorities used steel shipping containers and security forces to seal off the road entering South Waziristan , where protesters had planned to hold a rally on Sunday , local government official Shahid Ullah said . When confronted with the roadblock , Khan directed protesters to turn back , saying the march had achieved its goal of drawing attention to the controversial U.S. drone strikes . Khan has been a fierce critic of U.S. policy in Pakistan and the use of drone strikes , calling them a violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and a strategy that fuels militant anger towards Washington . "  We will not cause any trouble if the government does n't want us to enter South Waziristan , " Khan told reporters . "  We just want to direct the attention of the entire world to these illegal and immoral drone attacks in Waziristan that have left many innocent people dead . " In recent years Washington has sharply stepped up the use of drone attacks in Pakistan 's mostly ungoverned tribal region , widely believed to be a safe haven for militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan . U.S. officials say the drone strikes are an effective strategy against militant groups and insist civilian casualties are rare . The anti-drone march set out in a convoy of more than 100 vehicles from the capital , Islamabad , on Saturday and reached the border of South Waziristan on Sunday afternoon , where it was turned back . The U.S.-based anti-war group Code Pink was part of the procession . Throughout the journey the pink-clad peace activists regularly chanted anti-drone slogans in Pakistan 's native language of Urdu . "  Stop them ! Stop them ! Stop the drone attacks , " the protesters shouted in Urdu . Pakistani authorities had earlier warned that the demonstration would not be allowed to enter South Waziristan for security reasons . "  The situation in the tribal areas is comparatively good but not suitable for any gathering there , " Tashfeen Khan , a government official , said on Saturday . Journalist Aamir Iqbal contributed to this report .	Authorities block road into South Waziristan , ending protest march Leader says the march still achieved its goal of drawing attention to drone strikes Officials say demonstrators were kept out of South Waziristan for security reasons March was led by former cricket star turned politician Imran Khan
CNN  -- Director Oliver Stone was recently a speaker at a JFK assassination conference in Pittsburgh , and he was left wondering why the symposium was n't getting a lot of love . After all , it had assembled experts renowned in the field , including forensic pathologist Cyril Wecht and investigator Josiah "  Tink " Thompson  "  who did the original bullet work "  . "  I 'm here in Pittsburgh with 50 experts who really have done a lifetime of free work on this , " Stone told CNN . "  It was in the paper here , but it should be front page news throughout the United States . I wish people would come here and cover this . " Stone , along with the rest of America , is revisiting President John F. Kennedy 's assassination on the 50th anniversary , which is why he 's just rereleased "  JFK " on DVD and in select theaters . Ever since the film 's release in 1991 , Stone says more evidence has been made available that reinforces his work , such as the report by the Assassination Records Review Board  ARRB  , "  which if anything , widens some of the loopholes found by the Warren Commission , " and makes him more certain of the scenario presented in "  JFK . " "  There 's nothing in the movie that I would go back on , " he said . Alternatively , he dismisses works such as Gerald Posner 's "  Case Closed , " which he said was discredited . Stone : We 're not all conspiracy theorists In the film "  JFK , " Stone tears apart the Warren Commission 's report that a single shooter -- Lee Harvey Oswald -- fired three shots from the sixth floor of the nearby book depository . This is referred to as the "  magic bullet " theory because of the time frame and trajectory required for a bullet to make the path and wounds that transpired . Instead of Oswald as a shooter acting alone , a number of direct and indirect co-conspirators at the highest levels of government are posited in "  JFK . " They include the CIA , the FBI , the Secret Service , then-Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson , as well as the mafia and the military-industrial complex , for a variety of combined motives . Despite his scholarly approach , Stone feels he and like-minded others are lumped together and dismissed as "  conspiracy theorists , " when now , more than ever , "  we 've since learned as Americans that the government lies , extensively , " he said , citing the lead-up to the war in Iraq , revelations of U.S. government secrets via WikiLeaks and the Edward Snowden/NSA scandal . "  Suddenly the trust in government has receded considerably . " One JFK conspiracy theory that could be true Yet when it comes to the JFK assassination , he says some people "  always dismiss the stuff as ` conspiracy theorizing , ' without ever knowing about it . A lot of the media who criticize these films , or criticize me , they 've never read anything , any of the countermaterial . " If people knew about those loopholes , Stone said , the single-shooter theory and the "  magic bullet " theory "  fall apart , if anybody in their right mind looks at it , " Stone said . "  It angers me sometimes , to think of the degree of stupidity about Oswald and the Mannlicher-Carcano  rifle  on the sixth floor making these shots . It 's almost as if we do n't believe what we see with our own eyes in the Zapruder film . " Eyewitnesses who 've come forward in recent years also provide evidence that shots came from more than one location or angle . One such eyewitness , a Parkland Hospital surgeon who spoke at the conference , has become vocal about the wounds to Kennedy 's head . Robert McClelland "  came out , finally , after being frightened all these years , " Stone said , "  and said that the bigger wound was to the rear , to the right , and the cerebellum was practically falling out . " In addition to McClelland , Stone said "  the ARRB deposed 10 witnesses to this massive head wound . A lot of people are coming out and saying , ' I was there . I stared into his brain , which was spilling out the back of his head . ' This is so obvious , that it 's from more than one side . " Stone makes link to Cold War policies Part of Stone 's "  Untold History of the United States " series , also recently released on DVD , provides historical context in the chapter on JFK . "  My best answer to people who would criticize anything we say in the ` JFK ' movie is to look at Chapter Six of ` Untold History , ' ` JFK : To the Brink , ' to understand the man , and the big picture of events , " Stone said . "  We look for the big changes that happen after his death . What did he achieve ? And what is the difference between him and Lyndon Johnson , who followed him , and the man who preceded him , Dwight Eisenhower ? You may not agree with some of our conclusions , but the facts are solid . We did n't make it up . " Amanpour : We are ` quite rightly obsessed ' with JFK , says historian Stone explained that after Harry Truman and Eisenhower , Kennedy was the third president of a national security state with a Cold War mentality , and when his policy shifted away from that , he was "  removed . " "  A president gets killed in Dallas , and we go back to a Cold War mindset , we go back to a military-industrial reaction in all situations , " Stone said . "  It was certainly a reassertion of policies that existed after WWII , " and even after the decline of the Soviet Union  "  the reason for the national security state "  , the policies continue and "  even accelerate , to where we are now . And we are now locked into a system where we do n't seem to be able to break out of , where we 're the global security . We 're in charge of this empire , or whatever they call it . " This chain of events , described in "  Untold History , " is a "  tragedy , " Stone said .  This chapter is also included in the "  JFK " reissue . Most of the Kennedy clan keeps its distance Because "  JFK " was "  such a controversial film , Stone said most of the extended Kennedy clan "  wanted to stay away from it . "  I think they 've been very circumspect about this , because they lost two brothers , Robert and John , and it was very painful for them . " However , John F. Kennedy Jr. did approach the director to discuss the film and Stone 's theories , he said . "  I did speak with him many years ago , before he died , " the director said . "  He came to see me . He was interested in what happened , in my thoughts about what happened , " which resulted in a piece for the conspiracy issue of "  George " magazine back in 1998 . "  I think conspiracies go on all the time , " Stone said . "  I think accidents do , too . Random accidents and conspiracies have existed side by side for centuries , definitely . It 's part of life . I 'm not an innocent in that regard . " But ask him about non-JFK conspiracies of recent times , and he hesitates . "  I 'm not really into that kind of thinking . But the biggest conspiracy of all for me is the one I grew up under , which was sprouted by my father , a Republican conservative , and the entire establishment of this country , which was , ` Hey , the Chinese and the Russians are in a conspiracy to take over the world ! ' McCarthy added to the conspiracy , but they were saying , ` They 're in our schools . They 're in our police force . They 're in our government . They 're your back-door neighbor . ' " "  That 's a conspiracy , OK ? George W. Bush was involved in a conspiracy that Iraq was involved in 9/11 . Come on ! And he sold that conspiracy idea to all these big-shot news organizations . Who 's kidding who ? Conspiracies exist if you can see them . People make up stories . They make the enemy bigger than they are . " Although Stone entertained the conspiracy talk with the anniversary and reissues , he did note that the one story about himself that he 'd like to see die is the one that makes him out to be the go-to conspiracy guy . "  If you look at my body of work , every film is different . It 's confining if you 're always judging me by , ` Oh , is there a conspiracy in it ? ' That 's ridiculous ! " For one thing , the film he had hoped to make but went to someone else was "  Evita . " As he laughed , "  events conspired against me . " Now-tea party congressman one of last to shake JFK 's hand	Oliver Stone made a splash in 1991 with his film "  JFK " The director is rereleasing the movie on the 50th anniversary of the assassination Stone stands by the theories in "  JFK , " saying even more evidence supports his case now
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Police say they are investigating the disappearance of more than $ 400,000 worth of jewelry from a photo shoot involving Lindsay Lohan in London on June 6 . Jewels are missing from an Elle magazine photo shoot of Lindsay Lohan . "  Items of jewelry went missing from an Elle photoshoot ... and the matter is now being investigated by the police , " the fashion magazine said in a statement to CNN . "  Elle has no reason to believe that Lindsay Lohan was in any way responsible and has no further comment to make . " Lohan 's representative told CNN the actress was "  happy to cooperate , " and that "  No one has contacted Lindsay " about the investigation . The magazine would not say whether the 22-year-old actress wore the jewelry in the photo shoot , and could not say when the photos would be published . "  The theft was reported to a central London police station on 8 June 2009 after earrings and a necklace , believed to be diamond and estimated to be worth in the region of # 250,000 -LSB- $ 410,000 -RSB- , were found to be missing approximately two days earlier , " London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement . No arrests have been made , the police said . Big Sky Studios in London , where the shoot took place , refused to comment . CNN 's Nicola Goulding , Max Foster , Laura Perez Maestro and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	Police are investigating disappearance of jewelry from Lindsay Lohan photo shoot Lohan was doing photo spread for Elle magazine Magazine : "  No reason to believe that Lindsay Lohan was in any way responsible " Lohan 's representative told CNN the actress was "  happy to cooperate "
NEW YORK  CNN  -- At least nine protesters were arrested in a pro-Palestinian rally Sunday afternoon in New York that injured seven police officers , authorities said . Seven police officers were injured Sunday in New York City during a pro-Palestinian rally . The extent of injuries varied from minor to serious , New York police said . Two officers sustained head injuries . Detective Cheryl Crispin said the protesters taken into custody faced charges ranging from disorderly conduct to reckless endangerment . In a statement , the NYPD said the officers were injured when trying to break up a fight between two demonstrators . "  While attempting to separate the males , several others joined in and began to assault the officers , " the statement said . The demonstrators had gathered on Manhattan 's West Side on Sunday afternoon to protest the Israeli incursion in Gaza . The rally began peacefully , but skirmishes between police and demonstrators eventually broke out , witnesses said . iReport.com : Hundreds march , shout at rally Steve Sherman , coordinator of security for United for Peace and Justice and a demonstrator at the rally , said police maced demonstrators . "  The police pushed us out onto the avenue , and as we were walking down the avenue ... they charged with horses on the sidewalks and they charged with their own bodies and pushed in , and a riot started , " he said . Mike Eilenfeldt , another demonstrator , said confrontations between the police and protesters appeared to escalate after a police officer had fallen to the ground . "  He 's laying on the street , and from that point on it 's a police riot where they start attacking the young people , " Eilenfeldt told CNN . Police denied the allegations of mace being used on protesters .	Seven police officers hurt ; injuries range from minor to serious At least nine protesters in Manhattan 's Upper West Side arrested NYPD says officers hurt trying to break up fight between demonstrators Coordinator of security for rally says officers maced protesters ; police deny allegation
CNN  -- He is in that landing pattern that middle-aged heartthrobs finally come to : time for home and family and a woman who is worthy of keeping his love . The 50-plus Oscar winner , producer and political activist George Clooney is apparently engaged to be married . He 's at a particularly pivotal age . Forget about the 50s being the new 40s -- the 50s are really very specific . Even the most youthful people will start thinking about the meaning of life as the years no longer stretch out in a fantasy of infinity . Those years between 50 and 60 do seem to be a particularly poignant age for men , especially the kind of man who has trouble giving up motorcycles . Sometime in this period , the thrill seekers and lust lovers get their whiff of mortality  perhaps because of their latest motorcycle accident  and they turn to love with a new sense of its gravitas . With a nod to the motivation most of us mortals have , they are ready for an emotional legacy .  Hint : watch for children It might irk Clooney to be seen as so predictable . He 's a gifted , idiosyncratic , goes-his-own-way , irreverent kind of guy . But he has been practicing for this life transition in full view . In his films , he has played lost middle-aged men , lost in their careers , lost in neglected marriages , lost because of a lack of connection to something important -- "  Up in the Air , " "  The Descendents , " "  Michael Clayton , " among others . Many of these men reshuffle their lives , readjust their principles or at least find some self knowledge they sorely lacked . What we know about Amal Alamuddin If the reports of his engagement are true , this is kind of what Clooney has done , and what a lot of professionally single men ultimately come to do , especially about love . His apparent fiancee , Amal Alamuddin , is an accomplished and wordly lawyer . Clooney 's doing that middle-aged love choice . He 's picking a woman of substance as well as beauty -- the kind of woman you would want as friend and counselor , the kind of woman who would have the genes to be the mother of your children -- and it 's now , because it suddenly dawns on you that you have no time to lose . In this scenario of the chastened older Lothario , the candidate is young enough to lust after and smart enough for impregnation . It 's not that women , especially stars , do n't come to the same point as Clooney and end up in the same position . But biology forces them to make the comparable choice at least a decade or so earlier . Unlike a woman his age , Clooney can do the whole settling-down gambit at almost any age . But he probably understood some ages are better for this than others . I know this is n't very romantic , but the timing is -- whether the 50-something group knows it or not -- guided by the Grim Reaper . If that sounds bad , it 's not . Middle age is an important time for reassessment and course correction . No matter how bright your star , you know that only so much time is left to have a profound relationship and , perhaps , a family . This is the real anchor of middle-aged love : It 's time to stop fooling around .	Pepper Schwartz : George Clooney is allegedly engaged in his 50s , a pivotal age Schwartz : "  Lust lovers " get a sense of mortality in their 50s and start taking love seriously Clooney has played lost , unconnected middle-aged men in his films , she says Schwartz : Middle age is at time for reassessment and correcting your life 's course
CNN  -- There is no reason to believe a little girl spotted in India is Madeleine McCann , the British girl who has been missing for more than four years , a family spokesman said Thursday . Reports of the spotting of a girl bearing a resemblance to the child who disappeared while on vacation with her parents in Portugal sparked a frenzy on Twitter . But Clarence Mitchell , a spokesman for her parents , Kate and Gerry , said the latest reports were no more credible than other tips that proved incorrect over the years . "  They have learnt not to take these reports seriously , " Mitchell said of the parents , adding : "  There is nothing to suggest that this is a breakthrough . " He said he was not aware of any requests for DNA to match with the girl seen in Leh , northern India . A regional police chief in India said he knew nothing about the sighting , the report of which which seems to have originated in an Indian newspaper . "  We have not recovered any girl from Leh , " said Abdul Gani Mir , deputy inspector general of police for central Kashmir and Leh . "  There is no question of carrying out DNA when you do n't have the girl . I checked and re-checked from my officers on ground in Leh and they have categorically told me they have not recovered the girl , " Mir told CNN . Madeleine McCann was 4 years old when she disappeared from a condo at a resort in Portugal while her parents dined at a restaurant nearby . Journalist Mukhtar Ahmad in Srinagar contributed to this report .	Reports of a sighting of the missing girl spark an online frenzy A spokesman for her family says there 's no reason to think this is a breakthrough Police in India say they do not have a girl to test
Entertainment Weekly  -- Usually , when characters in a movie are one-dimensional , that 's not a good thing . But in "  Night at the Museum : Battle of the Smithsonian , " the waxworks figures who come to life after sundown are n't crassly sketchy or dramatically lacking . They 're one-dimensional , all right , but knowingly , delightfully so . Ben Stiller and Amy Adams size up a bobble-head Albert Einstein in the "  Night at the Museum " sequel . Even at their most pop-up brash , they 're true to the way that kids see history . They 're like characters out of a cool yet innocent mischief-at-midnight children 's book -- a "  Where the Wild Things Are " of global story-time kitsch . And they give you a lift . The movie , make no mistake , is clownishly silly , a lark as light as balsa wood . If anything , though , it 's a faster , wittier spin on the formula of its predecessor . Released in 2006 , "  Night at the Museum " was a family popcorn extravaganza that touched a chord even its producers may not have anticipated . In the sequel , Ben Stiller , as the former night guard Larry Daley  he 's now a successful entrepreneur ... of flashlights !  , spends one long night infiltrating the galleries of the Smithsonian Institution , where he attempts to rescue the exhibits he first got to know at the American Museum of Natural History .  He 's trying to get his hands on the magical Egyptian tablet that brings them to life . The T.rex , the capuchin monkeys , Attila the Hun -- all have been shipped to the archives of the Smithsonian . And all are as feisty as ever . But "  Battle of the Smithsonian " tilts away from the zoological . The film is a history-of-the-world burlesque in which such drolly self-centered icons as General Custer  Bill Hader  , Ivan the Terrible  Christopher Guest  , and Kahmunrah  Hank Azaria  -- a made-up pharoah who lisps with the enthusiasm of Boris Karloff on his own reality show -- collide happily with a living army of Albert Einstein bobblehead dolls , plus stone-carved angels who sing "  More Than a Woman " and "  The Thinker " come to life as a Brooklyn deadbeat . This is what you call a wholesome kiddie movie on drugs . It all works because Stiller , with his eager-to-please anxiety and his incredulous double takes , is the perfect addled straight man for a hellzapoppin history show . And it works because Amy Adams , as Amelia Earhart , has the breathless , daffy-sexy vivacity of a '30s screwball heroine , her eyes lit with fire , her delivery as sharp as cut glass as she rat-a-tats out lines like "  You have n't been able to take your cheaters off my chassis since we met ! " "  Battle of the Smithsonian " has plenty of life . But it 's Adams who gives it zing . EW Grade : B + CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	EW : "  Night at the Museum " sequel lighthearted , enjoyable Movie moves action to Smithsonian , where Ben Stiller character follows exhibits Standout of film is Amy Adams as screwball Amelia Earhart
CNN  -- It started because Ryan Gosling gave someone a ride home . When the actor was given the script for "  Drive , " he was also given the option to choose the director . "  Whether I did it or not depended on who was going to direct it , " Gosling said . Having seen the films of Nicolas Winding Refn  "  Bronson , " "  Valhalla Rising "  , he thought the Danish director might be the right guy . But then they had an "  awful meeting , " probably because Winding Refn had the flu , and Gosling wanted to get out of there as quickly as possible . One catch : Winding Refn could n't drive and needed a lift . Gosling reluctantly obliged . "  On the ride home , we were just playing music and driving , " Gosling said from a New York hotel suite with his director nearby , eating his lunch of soup and hard-boiled eggs . Looking back at that meeting , he said , they had "  an epiphany " when the REO Speedwagon song "  Ca n't Fight This Feeling " came on the radio and Gosling started singing along . "  I think we both saw the movie in that moment . Conversation was n't really part of that moment . It was n't conceptual . It was n't based on ideas . It was based on this experience , this quick experience . It was only 10 minutes in the car , but it was a feeling that was a relatable experience , and we thought , ` Why not make a movie about driving that 's really about driving ? Not stunts ? ' It came to us in a flash , and we both had that as a benchmark . " "  Drive " was the first time Gosling got to pick a director for one of his movies and take charge . It was the first time since 2002 's "  Murder by Numbers " that he 'd made a "  really violent film , a gory film . " It sparked a daredevil streak in his career , which is reaching a new height  or low , according to some critics  with his latest Winding Refn collaboration . The controversial and ultraviolent "  Only God Forgives " features a lot of limbs and other body parts getting lopped off , drenched in blood and red light . One act of violence begets another in an elliptical and relentless revenge cycle that includes a man sticking his hand inside a dead woman 's body , perhaps to reclaim her womb . But for Gosling , it was one way to put an end to any idea that he was just a Hollywood heartthrob  or sexy Internet meme  , his pretty-boy face as bruised and beaten up as possible on the film 's poster , a trademark of Winding Refn 's . Gosling 's career , which started as on the "  Mickey Mouse Club "  along with Mouseketeers Britney Spears , Justin Timberlake , Christina Aguilera and Keri Russell  , gained traction in 2004 with the tearjerker romance "  The Notebook , " which won him such accolades as Best Kiss at the MTV Movie Awards . See more kid stars all grown up But it was n't until "  Half Nelson " in 2006  which got him an Oscar nomination  and "  Lars and the Real Girl " in 2007  which got him his first Golden Globe nomination  that he was taken seriously by the critics . He could have had his pick of projects , but instead he took a break for a few years , until he found a handful of films by auteur-type directors that would break convention and would mean something to him : "  Blue Valentine , " with director Derek Cianfrance  with whom he reteamed on this year 's "  The Place Beyond the Pines "  , and "  Drive . " Winding Refn , like Gosling , was placed in a prime position to do "  more of a Hollywood film " after the critical acclaim and commercial success of "  Drive . " He chose not to . "  I admire that , " Gosling said . "  He makes films for personal reasons , and that was an experience I wanted to have , to keep having . It 's contagious . " When he worked with a revolving door of directors on Hollywood films , Gosling said , it was n't satisfying . "  I just feel , after a while , like it 's serial dating , " he said . "  And at a certain point , you want to settle down and see what 's really there . It takes more than one film to do that , because you waste a lot of time on a film getting to know somebody , being polite , getting to see how the other person works . It 's nice to have a history with someone , so you can keep in touch with each other , so you can trust what they 're saying to you . " Gosling knew that "  Only God Forgives " would be a "  difficult film " that would "  divide people "  and divide them it has ; the festival audience booed the film at Cannes  . Still , he plunged into it headfirst , even though , he admitted , he did n't know what it was . "  Nic makes his movies chronologically , " he said . "  You find it while you 're making it . You have to just follow your intuition , and there 's really no other experience making a film quite like that . It 's like taking a drug . You go on a trip . " Since his job was to have the same deadpan expression no matter what happened , Gosling calls "  Only God Forgives " "  basically a silent film . " "  We 're so accustomed to words , " Winding Refn said . "  Turning down the sound on a television is an alien concept . " With little conversation between them , the characters become ciphers , inscrutable  save for Kristin Scott Thomas as Gosling 's psycho of a mother , who has a lot to say , often in the crudest terms possible  . Without words , most of the communication is physical and symbolic . Gosling holds out his hands , either to examine them , to reach for a prostitute he wants to pretend is his girlfriend or to punch the cop who killed his brother . He leaves the amputations to other characters , but Gosling is n't tentative about violence onscreen .  He counts "  Rambo : First Blood " and "  Blue Velvet " as some of his childhood favorites . Some critics objected to the lack of dialogue , lack of character motivation and style over substance in "  Only God Forgives , " but Winding Refn enjoys the criticism . "  If everyone loves it , we 're not different , " he said . "  How can we all love and hate the same things ? If people love it for the exact same reason other people hate it , it penetrates . Your penetration has been successful . " And it 's this lesson that Gosling has absorbed for his first film as a director , "  How to Catch a Monster , " which he 's currently editing . On the set of that film , which includes his "  Drive " co-star Christina Hendricks , he practiced the most peaceful , nonviolent thing he ever saw Winding Refn do : listen to his own instincts first but listen to everyone else involved in the project as well . "  There was a guy auditioning for a stunt role , like Guy No. 15 , who gets his head chopped off , " Gosling said . "  Nic talked to him for like two hours : what he thought of the story , what he thought about the film . He just really engages everybody and collects their ideas , and I think it 's a really smart way to work . All these people come to you with an entire history and they can offer a perspective to what you 're doing , whether you like it or not . It seems strange now to work in a situation where people are closed off to everything but their own ideas . " Sounds like Gosling wo n't be going back to that anytime soon .	Ryan Gosling 's film "  Only God Forgives " hits theaters Friday Gosling reteamed with "  Drive " director Nicolas Winding Refn The ultraviolent movie is dividing critics "  If everyone loves it , we 're not different , " the director said
CNN  -- When TWA Flight 800 exploded off Long Island in 1996 , it took more than a year to recover the bodies of all 230 passengers and crew . After suicide hijackers destroyed the World Trade Center in 2001 , it took a decade or more for investigators to identify the fragmentary remains of some of those killed . Some have never been identified . And when the drill rig Deepwater Horizon burned and sank off Louisiana in 2010 , the bodies of 11 men were never found . At a memorial service two months later , each family was presented with a bronze hardhat to represent their loss . Now , it 's the loved ones of the 239 people aboard Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 who face what one expert called the "  unspeakable challenge " of grieving for someone whose final resting place may never be found . They "  will have to reconcile what is for most of us unimaginable , " said Ken Druck , a psychologist who specializes in aiding disaster survivors . "  They will have to somehow find a way to put their minds at peace , to let go of the idea that the body of their loved one is going to be recovered , " he said . "  Or there may be bits and pieces of things that are recovered , but there is a chance that they may not . And it may not ever be enough or satisfying , and they 're going to have to find peace in some other way . " Heidi Snow , whose fiance was killed on the TWA jet , said one of the hardest moments for her was when authorities closed the center that assisted families before the body of her fiance , Michel Breistroff , had been found . China treads carefully amid anger and grief of relatives "  I had to go home and go back to life as normal , but it was not normal , " Snow told CNN 's "  New Day . " "  You kind of have to start all over again , and also start again with the grieving process without really having hope to hold on to , but also not really having concrete evidence either that they 're gone , " she said . "  So there 's still that moment of fluctuating back and forth , and still holding out some hope . " Snow is now the head of AirCraft Casualty Emotional Support Services , or ACCESS , which offers counseling and help to the surviving relatives of crash victims . Authorities are now combing thousands of square miles of the Indian Ocean in search of the wreckage of Flight 370 . The Boeing 777 has been missing since the early-morning hours of March 8 , and Malaysian authorities declared Monday that it had most likely been lost with all aboard in the remote sea far off Australia . Best lead yet ? Satellite spots possible debris Most of the passengers on the Kuala Lumpur-to-Beijing flight were Chinese , some sole sons or daughters under China 's longstanding one-child policy . Others were mothers and fathers themselves . Cheng Li Ping , whose husband interrupted a vacation in Malaysia to return to Beijing for business , said she has n't been able to bring herself to tell her two young sons that daddy may not come home . Mystery surfaces pain of 1977 tragedy "  I have no courage , " she said . "  Every day , I am scared to call my sons because once I call them , they will cry out "  Daddy , Mummy , " and my heart ca n't handle it . I do n't want to hurt my children . " Judy Ho , a clinical psychiatrist , said the families had been asked to keep their hopes up before Monday -- "  and even as the confirmation came , there is no definitive evidence . " "  That 's even harder for the families to put an end point to this journey for themselves , " Ho said . Text fail when delivering tragic news Druck said families of Flight 370 are stuck in a state he called a "  living loss , " trying to make sense of the few bits of information that are now known . "  It is grieving , except it 's even more torturous in some ways , because we do n't know whether they 've died , " he said . "  Our minds are like computers going wild in search mode , and yet we do n't know what happened . But at the same time , they 're coming to some degree of resignation that they will most likely have to go on and spend the rest of their lives without someone they love . " Druck founded a grief-counseling group , the Jenna Druck Foundation , after his daughter was killed in a 1996 bus crash in India . He worked with the families of the TWA crash and the September 11 , 2001 , al Qaeda attack that brought down the World Trade Center , killing more than 2,700 . Between 5 % and 10 % of the families the foundation has helped have had loved ones disappear , he said . And until the sea gives up its secrets , the families of Flight 370 will be facing the same woes . "  They will have to find a way to hold their loved ones in their hearts , good thoughts and prayers and allow that to be enough , " Druck said . "  That 's no easy task . But that is a challenge -- the unspeakable challenge -- that people who 've had to endure this kind of loss must face , and it is attainable . " Your questions answered CNN Correspondent Sara Sidner contributed to this report .	"  It is grieving , except it 's even more torturous in some ways , " psychologist says "  I have no courage , " wife of missing passenger says "  There 's still that moment of fluctuating back and forth , " TWA victim 's fiancee tells CNN
A fire at a food packaging plant in eastern China has killed at least 18 people , state-run media reported Monday . The blaze hit a carrot packaging facility late Sunday in Shouguang City , Shandong province , China 's state news agency Xinhua reported , citing local authorities . Thirteen people injured in the fire are being treated in the hospital , the news agency said . The plant belongs to Longyuan Food Co. , according to Xinhua . Company managers "  have been put under police control , " it said , without giving further details . The cause of the blaze , which began around 7 p.m. and was extinguished by around 9:30 p.m. , is still being investigated . Staff at the local police station declined to provide further information on the fire when contacted by phone Monday . Longyuan Food Co. was n't immediately available for comment . Deadly fires and explosions are not uncommon at Chinese factories , where international labor organizations regularly criticize safety conditions . A blast at a fireworks factory in Hunan province killed 14 people in September , according to state media . A day later in the same province , a blaze at a chemical plant killed five people . An explosion at a wheel-hub-polishing facility in Jiangsu province killed at least 75 people in August . And authorities said a fire at a shoe factory in Zhejiang province killed 16 people in January .	The blaze hit a carrot packaging facility in Shandong province Thirteen people are injured in the fire , which broke out late Sunday Managers of the company that runs the plant are "  under police control , " Xinhua says
Washington  CNN  -- In what have become known as the "  Jesus pencil " and "  candy cane " cases , the Supreme Court refused Monday to consider appeals from the families of elementary school students over distribution of religious-themed gifts on campus . At issue was whether school officials can be sued for violating the First Amendment rights of what the students claimed was their "  private , non-curricular speech based solely upon its religious viewpoint . " A federal appeals court had ruled in favor of school officials in Plano , Texas , on the liability question , and the justices without comment let that decision stand . The full 16-judge panel from the New Orleans-based court last September concluded while the constitutional rights of the students were violated , school administrators could not be sued under the "  qualified immunity " legal standard . The litigation continues on other aspects of two separate incidents nine years ago , both involving schools at the Plano Independent School District in the Dallas suburb . "  Educators should not suffer personal monetary liability for making a mistake in this area of the law , " said the appeals judges . In one instance , the principal of Thomas Elementary School blocked then-third-grader Jonathan Morgan from handing out "  goody bags " at a winter party . The bags included a decorative pen in the shape of a candy cane with a Christian message that read in part : "  Every time you see a candy cane , remember the message of the candy maker : Jesus is the Christ ! " Parents had met with Principal Lynn Swanson , who offered a compromise : the laminated "  Legend of the Candy Cane " pens would not be allowed at the classroom party , but could be distributed separately at a table in the school library . School district officials later clarified , saying students in general were not allowed to pass out "  any written material , tapes , or other media " to classmates , whatever the message . The boy 's mother and father nevertheless brought the pens to the party , and the principal then announced to the school by loudspeaker that all "  outside materials " were banned from classroom distribution . The family claims Jonathan was the only student subsequently banned from distributing his "  goody bags . " A month later at Rasor Elementary School , the parents of then-second-grader Stephanie Versher complained the girl was forbidden from handing out tickets to a passion play , which was being performed at a local church , depicting the crucifixion of Jesus Christ . The student expressed her "  sincere " religious conviction she "  should share her beliefs with her friends . " Days later , Stephanie was then stopped from distributing brownies at a party with two pencils attached , one of which was inscribed , "  Jesus loves me this I know from the Bible . " The other pencil had the word "  Moon " on it . Her mother then angrily confronted school officials , including Principal Jackie Bomchill . Sherrie Versher later testified she left the school offices emotionally upset , and "  she thought out loud to herself , ` Satan is in the building , ' " according to the court transcript . It was unclear to whom she was referring . A disagreement developed over whether the school had given permission for the student to give the "  Jesus " pencils after classes that day , outside the school building on the sidewalk . A legal question developed whether that distribution was on school property or nearby , and whether authorities would then have power to stop the pencils from being given away . The appeals court noted the difficulty government officials have ensuring schools and other public facilities remain free of religious proselytizing . "  When educators encounter student religious speech in schools , they must balance broad constitutional imperatives from three areas of First Amendment jurisprudence : the Supreme Court 's school-speech precedents , the general prohibition on viewpoint discrimination , and the murky waters of the Establishment Clause . " said the judges . "  They must maintain the delicate constitutional balance between students ' free-speech rights and the Establishment Clause imperative to avoid endorsing religion . " The court concluded the principals were entitled to qualified immunity "  because clearly established law did not put the constitutionality of their actions beyond debate . " School officials had said they are entrusted by parents with the education of children , and retain complete control over all aspects of a student 's time and communications -- including parties and hallway discussions . The Constitution 's First Amendment bars any government from passing laws "  respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof . " The high court in the past has typically dealt with such church-state disputes by allowing Ten Commandment displays in public buildings ; the mention of "  God " on currency and in the Pledge of Allegiance ; manger and menorah displays in public parks ; and school and legislature prayer . A Texas-based legal group had represented the Versher and Morgan families in their appeals . "  We are disappointed the Supreme Court denied review of this case , " said Hiram Sasser , director of litigation of Liberty Institute . "  We were hoping to finally put this issue to rest : that government school officials should be held accountable when they violate the law and students ' First Amendment rights . No student should be subjected to religious discrimination by the government . " While the students ' "  speech " in these cases involved a religious message , the high court has also established important precedent on the larger free speech issue . In the famous "  Tinker " case from 1969 , the Supreme Court ruled two Iowa high school students could continue wearing anti-Vietnam War armbands . The high court said students do not "  shed their constitutional rights when they enter the schoolhouse door . " But school administrators do retain the authority to restrict any activity that would cause a "  substantial disruption " of the school 's educational mission . The current cases are Morgan v. Swanson  11-804  , and Swanson v. Morgan  11-941  .	Texas school officials stopped distribution by students of religious-themed gifts on campus Parents of the students said the school officials violated their children 's constitutional rights An appeals court ruled in favor of the school officials The Supreme Court refused Monday to consider appeals on behalf of the parents
The election of Danilo Medina as president of the Dominican Republic signals a continuation of the policies that many experts say have helped the country grow during the past eight years . Medina hails from the same centrist party as outgoing President Leonel Fernandez . His election suggests a public content with the way things are going on the island . Medina 's vice president will be Margarita Cedeno de Fernandez , Leonel Fernandez 's wife and outgoing first lady . Former President Hipolito Mejia , Medina 's closest challenger , conceded Tuesday evening . He said the election results had been manipulated , pledged to push for reforms as the leader of the opposition and called on Dominicans to unite . In an interview with CNN en Español , Medina said his top priority was to make sure opportunities are made available to all Dominicans . He said he would work to create opportunity for young people . "  I want to build a middle-class society . That is my main goal -- to have a population that is able to go shopping , to have the capacity to consume , " he said . Medina said he wants to "  create a society of inclusion that promotes opportunities for all . " "  This is a country that has created a lot of wealth in recent years . My job is to make sure that wealth trickles down , " he said . It is an ambitious goal for a country that has seen some growth , but a number of ingrained obstacles . "  The Dominican Republic is one the country 's that before the economic downfall had high rates of growth , " said Johanna Mendelson Forman , a senior associate for the Americas Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . But challenges include high costs of energy on the island , and the difficulties of sharing an island with the more fragile Haiti , she said . Health issues in Haiti , like a cholera outbreak , can easily cross the border in the Dominican Republic . Overall , the country had a good eight years under Fernandez , and one can expect to see the investments he made continue under Medina , Mendelson Forman said . Medina has been by Fernandez 's side for quite a while , and "  he knows where all the ghosts are buried , " which can be a good thing , she said . Medina is the first of eight children , and has a long history in politics in the Dominican Republic . He was elected to Congress in 1986 , 1990 and 1994 . During that final term , he was elected president of the Dominican House . He served as the spokesman for his political party and was a member of the Latin American Parliament . Medina was secretary of state twice , both under the leadership of Fernandez . As president , Medina said he would focus on education , too . On the campaign trail , he promised to spend 4 % of GDP on education , and said he intends to see that through . A key to lifting people out of poverty , and the country as a whole , he said , is to have an educated workforce . Although he said his country will continue to have a close relationship to Hugo Chavez , whose country provides oil , he sees Brazil 's recent success as the path to emulate . People are "  expecting significant changes , " he said . He also addressed the issue of drug legalization , saying it does not matter whether Latin America legalizes or not . For legalization to have any impact , the conversation has to happen in the United States , where the demand is , not in Latin America where the supply is , he said . "  The problem of narcotrafficking is the market . If you limit the market , the drug trafficking falls . "	Former President Hipolito Mejia concedes Danilo Medina has claimed victory in the presidential elections Victory is seen as endorsement of the policies of current President Leonel Fernandez The two worked closely together
CNN  -- True confession . On the first day of school this year , I got swept up in all the back-to-school cuteness and violated my family 's policy of not sharing pictures and videos of our girls online . I could n't resist . I had to post one picture on Facebook , but I figured a shot of my daughters from behind carrying backpacks nearly their size would be OK . That decision -- to share or not to share -- is a bit of a conundrum for anyone with kids . On the one hand , many parents want their friends and family , and sometimes a larger audience , to see how fabulous their kids are . On the other hand , there are concerns about a child 's privacy and safety online . There is always that chance , as remote as it might seem , that what you post will be seen by millions . That 's what happened to Blake Wilson , a father of four in Roswell , Georgia , who , on a whim , bought a "  Batman " mask , and started creating hilarious Vine videos , where he appears as "  BatDad , " stepping in to solve modern parenting woes . "  It was a total fluke , " said Wilson from his home , where he has been fielding interview requests from outlets around the world . "  I was n't thinking about going viral . " Now that he has -- with millions of hits on YouTube and national exposure including on the "  TODAY " show -- I wondered if Wilson had any second thoughts about sharing videos of his children that have now been seen worldwide . How to cut your kids ' cell phone addiction "  Not yet because I do n't think any of it 's inappropriate , " said Wilson , who added that he and his wife scrutinize every Vine video they make before posting . "  If I were doing something that was embarrassing  the kids  and making them feel bad and I put it on the Internet , then yeah , I would feel pretty bad about myself and regret doing that . But I really do n't think that I 've done anything to put them in any kind of future harm or jeopardy at this point and I do n't plan on it , either . " David DeVore posted a video in 2009 of his son , also named David , who was still woozy after dental surgery . The video has now been seen more than 121 million times . "  That first week , it was kind of shocking and we were trying to navigate , ` Well , what is going on here ? Are they criticizing David , or are they making fun of him ? ' " DeVore said , recalling the moment the video became a sensation . "  That was really the only time we thought ` Well , maybe we should take it down ' ... not realizing like we do now that once it 's out , it 's kind of out . " In conversations with parents across the country , it 's clear how seriously families like Wilson 's and DeVore 's take the issue of what they share about their children , and how every household has its own set of rules about what 's acceptable and what 's not . A fine line not to cross Sharon Rowley , founder of the blog Mom of 6 , said her children may appear in some pictures and videos on her blog , but she said she 'll never share anything about their personal lives . "  I do n't feel that their personal life is really my story to tell , " said Rowley , who said she would never post anything controversial about her kids . "  Nothing ever that I think they would cringe and say , ` Why would you tell people that ? ' You are not talking to your neighbor across the fence . You are talking to strangers when you write about it like that . " Emily , a blogger in coastal North Carolina who only wanted to use her first name , said she tries to paint a really "  abstract " picture of her 18-month-old online , which means putting up pictures on her blog that obscure her daughter 's face a bit and being cautious about the stories she tells . "  When I write about her , I like to make sure that I do n't share any details that she 'll later on take offense at because she 's a person and I think that that 's something I have to remember a lot , " she said with a laugh . "  I do n't want her to feel hindered by the way I portrayed her on the Internet when she was a child . " Opinion : ` Facebook parenting ' is destroying our children 's privacy No longer sharing Jennifer Bosse , who blogs about motherhood and marriage , shares pictures and videos of her two boys mostly on Facebook because her family lives far away . "  I really try to make sure that the security on ... my Facebook is down  pat  . I know it 's not going to be foolproof but I do take certain precautions to protect their privacy as well as my own , " she added . "  I try to keep the number of friends that I have to a minimum . " Bosse said she has always been choosy about what photos of her children she shares on her blog , but said she became even more selective after reading a story on BlogHer about a blogger who shared photos of her children during potty training . She later found out the photos were used on a child pornography site . "  It just got me really , really nervous because I had already posted all these pictures and granted they 're just regular pictures that you would see around my house , kids smiling , kids playing on bikes , " Bosse said . "  I really do try to watch everything that I put out there for the fear that it might end up in the wrong hands . " Parents should definitely consider the "  icky factor , " according to Larry Magid , co-director of ConnectSafely.org and founder of SafeKids.com , both nonprofit Internet safety organizations . He spoke of a friend who posts pictures of her 3-year-old running around in her underwear . "  We have pictures like that of our own children but we do n't post them on the Internet for the public to look at because even though they are taken with the best intentions and shared with the best intentions , there are creeps out there who are going to get the wrong idea , " he said . Never too early to teach the kids Nicole Feliciano , founder and editor of the style blog Mom Trends , said she sticks out from a lot of her fellow bloggers because she never shares photos and videos of her girls , ages 5 and 8 . As her older daughter starts to do more things online , Feliciano has been using social media to help explain why she and her husband are so adamant that the children not be showcased on her site . The secret life of my sixth grader "  I show her how a screenshot works , " Feliciano said . "  I said , ` Let 's show this picture up on Mom Trends and then I 'm going to take the screenshot . If I take this post down , this screenshot still exists and I can send it to all of my friends , and I can put it up on Twitter . I can put it on Facebook and even though you 've deleted it , it still exists . ' " "  We 're trying to use social media education for them as well ... so they know about permanence and about being very responsible with every image that you put up . " Online ` eraser ' button The lives of modern parents are more complicated by having to add social media training to the list of things we need to do to keep our children safe , Feliciano said . So what 's a parent to do ? Magid , the Internet safety expert , said parents should check their privacy settings for any online service they use to make sure something they only want to share with friends is not being seen by the general public . He also said parents need to keep reiterating one message to their kids : "  Not to put anything online that you would n't want your grandmother or future love interest or future employer  or a future college administrator  to know . " But beyond that , he said parents ca n't really rely on themselves , software companies or even the government to keep children safe online . Opinion : Oops ! Button lets kids erase posts they regret For instance , a new California law went into effect last week , the first law of its kind in the nation , that will allow kids under 18 to have the power to delete something they posted . The problem , said Magid and other parents , is that if someone shares something your child posted that your child now wants to delete , your kid is out of luck . Also , the new law does n't protect childlren from any photos or posts that their friends or enemies post about them . "  The danger is not even so much what you 've taken and shown the world , but it 's what other people have tagged you in or stupid things you did  and  you did n't even know anyone had a camera , " Rowley said . "  So it really comes down to parents . We really have to teach morals , ethics , how to live your life with integrity . " Emily , the mom and blogger from North Carolina , put it another way . "  You have to parent online , " she said . "  You have to sit down with your kids and explain what they 're getting into . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Parents face tough decision on whether to share about their kids online "  BatDad " never expected his videos would go viral and be seen by millions Experts say parents should review privacy settings on any service they use Social media training is now a part of parenting , some moms say
HOLLYWOOD , California  CNN  -- Singer Christina Aguilera joins fellow Grammy Award winners Alicia Keys and John Legend for "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute , " airing Thanksgiving night on CNN . Christina Aguilera performed her hit single "  Beautiful " at "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " The show , taped before an audience of more than 2,000 at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood , pays tribute to the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 . Liz McCartney , dedicated to helping survivors of Hurricane Katrina rebuild their homes , has been named the 2008 CNN Hero of the Year . McCartney , of St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana , received the honor at Saturday night 's taping of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute . " The telecast airs at 9 p.m. ET/PT on Thanksgiving on the global networks of CNN . McCartney , who will receive $ 100,000 to continue her work just outside New Orleans , was selected from among the top 10 CNN Heroes after six weeks of online voting at CNN.com . More than 1 million votes were cast . "  To the country and the world , I ask you to please join us , " McCartney said . "  Together we can continue to rebuild families ' homes and lives . ... If you join us , we 'll be unstoppable . " Hosted by CNN 's Anderson Cooper , "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " features moving musical performances by Aguilera , Keys and Legend . Watch a preview of the show , including Aguilera 's performance " Aguilera performed her hit single "  Beautiful . " Legend , backed by the world-renowned Agape Choir , brought the audience of more than 2,000 to their feet with his powerful call to personal action , "  If You 're Out There , " from his just-released album , "  Evolver . " Keys sang "  Superwoman , " her tribute to women around the world , from her hit album "  As I Am . " All three performances echoed the spirit of the CNN Heroes campaign , which salutes everyday people accomplishing extraordinary things in their communities and beyond . "  In this time of economic turmoil , it is such a relief to know that there are people like these heroes , people who care more for others than they do for themselves , " Cooper said . The top 10 CNN Heroes , chosen by a blue-ribbon panel from an initial pool of more than 3,700 viewer nominations , were each honored with a documentary tribute and introduced by a celebrity presenter . Each of the top 10 Heroes receives $ 25,000 . Watch a close-up look at the CNN Hero Award " Actors Cameron Diaz , Salma Hayek , John Krasinski , Forest Whitaker , Meg Ryan , Terrence Howard , Lucy Liu , Jessica Biel , Kate Beckinsale and Selena Gomez were among the stars joining in CNN 's tribute to the top 10 . See photos of the presenters " In addition , actor Hugh Jackman presented People magazine 's 2008 Heroes Among Us award to six recipients honored by the magazine . Award-winning producer-director Joel Gallen returned to executive produce this year 's program . Among his credits , Gallen produced telethon events supporting victims of the September 11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina , winning an Emmy Award and a Peabody Award for "  America : A Tribute to Heroes . " The Kodak Theatre is best known as the first permanent home of the Academy Awards . In addition to its airing on CNN , the second annual "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will air simultaneously on CNN International and CNN en Español at 9 p.m. ET Thursday  0200 GMT Friday  . In alphabetical order , the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2008 as chosen by the blue-ribbon panel are : Watch the members of the blue ribbon panel " Tad Agoglia , Houston , Texas : Agoglia 's First Response Team provides immediate help to areas hit by natural disasters . In a little over a year , he and his crew have helped thousands of victims at more than 15 sites across the United States , free of charge . Yohannes Gebregeorgis , Addis Ababa , Ethiopia : Moved by the lack of children 's books and literacy in his native Ethiopia , Gebregeorgis established Ethiopia Reads , bringing free public libraries and literacy programs to thousands of Ethiopian children . Carolyn LeCroy , Norfolk , Virginia : After serving time in prison , LeCroy started the Messages Project to help children stay connected with their incarcerated parents . She and volunteer camera crews have taped roughly 3,000 messages from inmates to their children . Anne Mahlum , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : On her daily morning jogs , Mahlum used to run past homeless men . Today , she 's helping to transform lives by running with them , and others as part of her Back On My Feet program . Liz McCartney , St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana : McCartney moved to New Orleans to dedicate herself to helping Hurricane Katrina survivors move back into their homes . Her nonprofit , St. Bernard Project , has rebuilt the homes of more than 120 families for free . Phymean Noun , Toronto , Ontario : Growing up in Cambodia , Noun struggled to complete high school . Today , she offers hundreds of Cambodian children who work in Phnom Penh 's trash dump a way out through free schooling and job training . David Puckett , Savannah , Georgia : Puckett started PIPO Missions to bring ongoing prosthetic and orthotic care to those in need . Since November 2000 , he has helped more than 420 people in southeastern Mexico , free of charge . Maria Ruiz , El Paso , Texas : Several times a week , Ruiz crosses the border into Juarez , Mexico , bringing food , clothing and toys to hundreds of impoverished children and their families . Marie Da Silva , Los Angeles , California : Having lost 14 family members to AIDS , the nanny funds a school in her native Malawi , where half a million children have been orphaned by the disease . Viola Vaughn , Kaolack , Senegal : The Detroit , Michigan , native moved to Senegal to retire . Instead , a group of failing schoolchildren asked her to help them pass their classes . Today , her 10,000 Girls program is helping hundreds of girls succeed in school and run their own businesses .	2008 CNN Hero of the Year is Liz McCartney of St. Bernard Parish , Louisiana Grammy winners Christine Aguilera , Alicia Keys and John Legend perform The show honors the top 10 CNN Heroes as selected by a distinguished panel It airs globally at 9 p.m. ET November 27  0200 GMT November 28
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- California first lady Maria Shriver on Sunday endorsed Sen. Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination for president , becoming the latest member of the Kennedy clan to line up behind the senator from Illinois . Shriver , the wife of California Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , told supporters at an Obama rally in Los Angeles that the state was "  at the epicenter of change . " California 's primary is the largest of about two dozen contests scheduled for this week 's Super Tuesday contest . "  I would ask you to go out , to follow your heart , to be proud that you 're doing that , and remember that so goes California , so goes the nation , " she said . Shriver is the niece of Massachusetts Sen. Edward Kennedy and President Kennedy . Both his daughter , Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg , and the Massachusetts senator have endorsed Obama in the past week . During Sunday 's event , Schlossberg appeared with Shriver , Obama 's wife , Michelle , and talk-show host Oprah Winfrey . Watch Shriver describe Obama " "  I 'm proud to be standing here not just with these women , but with all of you -- different races , different age groups I 'm sure , Democrats and independents alike -- because you believe , " she said . "  You believe in each and every one of yourselves , most importantly . And you believe that you have found someone who believes in you . " Members of the Kennedy clan are split in the race between Obama and Hillary Clinton , the New York senator and former first lady who leads published polls in California . Former Maryland Lt. Gov. Kathleen Kennedy Townsend , the daughter of Robert Kennedy , and her brother Bobby and sister Kerry are backing Clinton . On Thursday , Schwarzenegger announced he is endorsing Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain . E-mail to a friend	Shriver is third member of Kennedy clan to back Obama in a week California first lady spoke at rally with Caroline Kennedy Schlossberg , Oprah Winfrey Three other members of Kennedy family are backing Clinton
CNN  -- A Massachusetts teen was convicted Wednesday of homicide as a result of texting while driving and will serve one year in prison . In a landmark case for the state , Aaron Deveau , 18 , was found guilty on charges of vehicular homicide , texting while driving and negligent operation of a motor vehicle in a 2011 crash that fatally injured Donald Bowley , 55 , of Danville , New Hampshire , and seriously injured a passenger in Bowley 's car . "  I made a mistake , " Deveau said Wednesday after his mother told the district court in Haverhill , Massachusetts he would not intentionally hurt anyone . "  If I could take it back , I would take it back . " Judge Stephen Abany sentenced the teen to two and a half years on the vehicular homicide charge and two years on the texting and causing injury charge . He will serve one year concurrently on both charges and the balance of both charges is suspended for five years . His license will be suspended for 15 years . "  There are no winners today , " Essex County District Attorney Jonathan Blodgett said in a statement . "  A beloved grandfather is dead . A once active woman can no longer work and is still racked with pain from her injuries and a young man is going to jail . When we get behind the wheel of a car , we are obligated to drive with care . ... As we saw in this case , in a split second , many lives are forever changed . " The risks of texting while driving In the February 20 , 2011 , accident , prosecutors said , Deveau 's car crossed the center line on a street in Haverhill , which is in northeast Massachusetts near New Hampshire , and hit the vehicle Bowley was driving . Bowley 's girlfriend , Luz Roman , 59 , was in his car with him and suffered serious injuries . Haverhill Detective Thomas Howell testified the impact left the two "  almost folded into the floorboards . " Bowley died March 10 , 2011 , after he was taken off life support . "  My brother received such head trauma that ... there was no hope for him , " Bowley 's sister , Donna Burleigh , said in court . Roman talked about the incident 's continued impact . "  Loss of sleeping , loss of my boyfriend . So many losses , I ca n't tell you how many , " she told the judge . Essex Assistant District Attorney Ashlee Logan argued that Deveau may have erased some of his texts or lied to police after the accident about when he was texting . Deveau said after the crash in a taped interview with police , which was played in court , "  I was tired . I was distracted . When I looked away for one quick second , I came too close to her and I was trying to hit my brakes . " His defense lawyer said authorities set out from the beginning to link texting to the crash , a cause-and-effect relationship that he contends is not valid . Some 38 states ban text messaging for all drivers , while 31 prohibit all cell phone use by "  novice drivers , " according to the Governor 's Highway Safety Association . 2011 : NTSB urges ban on use of phones while driving	Defendant says he wishes he could take back "  mistake " Aaron Deveau is sentenced to serve a year in prison on charges Deveau , 18 , denied texting at the time of the crash The crash fatally injured Donald Bowley , 55 , and injured Bowley 's girlfriend
