Editor 's note : You can follow the Bilsons ' progress on CNN American Morning 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. through February 4 . Mary Bilson tries to contain her autistic daughter Marissa 's tantrum , as Marissa 's brother Brendan looks on . Seal Beach , CALIFORNIA  CNN  -- The Bilson family is like many other families : three kids , a cat , and a small , lovely home with lots of family photos and carved wooden wall signs with sayings like "  Live , Laugh , Love . " But step inside their house after 4 p.m. most weekdays and you 'll want to cover your ears because of the noise -- the screaming , to be exact . These are not the shouts of sibling rivalry or parental annoyance . This is the high-pitched , ear-shattering sound of a 13-year-old girl . More accurately , it is the sound of a frustrated , irritated , very loud teenager with autism . Marissa , the middle Bilson child , was diagnosed with autism when she was a toddler . Her mother , Mary , a nurse , knew something was n't right early on , when young Marissa 's tantrums were off the charts and seemingly unwarranted . But during the first few years , doctors told Mary Bilson that her daughter was fine and this behavior would eventually pass . They were wrong on both counts . Marissa 's behavior has not passed ; it has , in fact , become worse . According to Bilson , Marissa and her tantrums rule the household . "  I do n't want to hear her screaming and tantruming , so we pretty much let her do what she wants , " Bilson says . "  We " means Mary , her husband , John , and their two other children , Brittany , 15 , and 6-year-old Brendan . Keeping the peace means that , when it comes to Marissa , the rules are different . She is allowed unlimited time on the one family computer . She is allowed access to her siblings ' rooms and possessions . She is allowed to eat dinner at the computer instead of the family table . Watch part one of the Bilsons ' journey " But before you sit in judgment of the Bilsons , and suggest they just need a firm hand to keep their middle child in line , consider one thing : They are trying to cope with a child with severely impaired social sensibilities . "  Do you think people who do n't have children with autism know how tough it is to deal with them ? " CNN 's senior medical correspondent , Elizabeth Cohen , asked Marissa 's mom in a recent interview . "  No , " Mary Bilson replied . "  And I do n't see how they could . " She 's right -- we ca n't , because many of us have never seen autism in action , day in and day out . Learn more about autism " Autism is described on the National Institutes of Health Web site as a "  developmental disorder that appears in the first three years of life , and affects the brain 's normal development of social and communication skills . " According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , autism and related disorders affect about one out of every 150 babies born each year . Autism manifests itself in many different ways . Although there are some common threads , like language issues , repetitive movements and difficulties connecting to others , specific behavioral patterns are largely unique to the individual . "  Children with autism are all different ; they are like snowflakes , " explains Dr. Ronald Leaf , co-director of the group Autism Partnership . The one thing that Leaf believes they all have in common is that "  they are not expected to do enough . " Leaf insists we have set the bar too low for what we think children and adults with autism can do . "  They are highly teachable , " he says . "  You just have to have a good teacher . " A good teacher is exactly what Bilson was looking for to help her with Marissa . The family had already tried various programs , starting when Marissa was a toddler -- but nothing completely worked for her . And as Marissa entered her teen years , her behavior grew worse . Mary knew that her daughter needed to be reined in , and it needed to be done now . "  She is getting older . She 's 13 and her tantrums are louder and longer than they used to be . It 's just so inappropriate . It was OK when she was much younger , but now that she 's going to be an adult soon , she ca n't be behaving this way , " Bilson says with tired resignation . But what could the Bilsons do ? This family does n't have a lot of extra money , and most programs either are n't covered by insurance or have long waiting lists . The costs are staggering , according to the Web site FightingAutism.org . Families with autistic children can expect to spend $ 30,000 annually to provide proper medical , educational and other assistance necessary for dealing with an autistic child . Watch part two of the Bilsons ' journey " Enter Autism Partnership , or AP . This group , founded in 1994 , offers extensive therapeutic services to children and adults with the disorder . One of its most unique programs is an intensive one-on-one , at-home intervention service that is similar in scope to what happens on the television show "  Nanny 911 . " It 's not cheap -- about $ 2,500 per day , typically for a five-day period  with additional days on an "  as needed " basis  . Most of AP 's work is grounded in a behavior modification technique known as Applied Behavioral Analysis or ABA . Essentially , the method breaks down behavior patterns , rewarding proper behavior while being careful not to encourage improper responses . And that is exactly how AP therapist Rick Schroeder hopes to reshape Marissa Bilson 's worst behavior . The group , which met Marissa while working in her school , offered the Bilson family a free week-long intervention with the proviso that CNN be allowed to record the process . The week started off with a day of observation -- a day with lots and lots of screaming and tantrums , that left Schroeder stunned . He had observed Marissa at school where , he says , she was much less demonstrative . But Schroeder is still eager and ready to tackle the challenge . "  I think the family is starting to realize something needs to change , and that 's very good , " he says after his day of observation . "  As far as Marissa 's behavior goes -- and the level that she is capable of going to -- she 's pretty much out of control , for sure . "	CDC : Autism and related disorders affect one out of every 150 children Each autistic child is unique in his or her behavior , but there are common threads Social skills , communication are common problem areas Marissa screams , throws tantrums -- behavior her family hopes to change
An architect of the Obama administration 's "  reset " policy with Russia says he will step down as the American ambassador to the country later this month . Michael McFaul , U.S. ambassador to Russia since January 2012 , announced Tuesday he 'll leave the post shortly after the Winter Olympics conclude in the southern Russian resort town of Sochi . McFaul has been a controversial figure in Russia , with some state-run media viewing him with suspicion for his outspoken support of pro-democracy groups . But in his online journal , McFaul said Tuesday that he would miss the job , stressing he was leaving for family considerations . McFaul said his wife and two sons moved back to California last summer because his oldest son wanted to be home for the last few years of high school . "  We tried to make a 9,000 kilometer commute work for our family . But after seven months of separation , I simply need to be with my family again , " McFaul wrote . "  I will leave Russia reluctantly , " he said . "  I love this job . It is a tremendous honor to represent my country here . I will miss interacting with my partners in the Russian government and with Russians from all sectors of society . " As a Stanford University political science professor , McFaul became one of the best-known American experts on Russia . After advising then-Sen . Barack Obama on Russia during the 2008 presidential campaign , McFaul took a leave from Stanford to become senior director for Russia and Eurasian affairs at the National Security Council . He helped develop the U.S. "  reset " policy with Russia , after which the countries signed the New START arms control deal and agreed on a transit treaty allowing the United States and NATO to use a route through Russia into Afghanistan . On his arrival in Moscow as ambassador in 2012 , he got a rough reception from government-controlled media . An analyst on a government network said McFaul was a "  specialist purely in the promotion of democracy " and suggested his agenda was dedicated to supporting opposition leaders in the country . That criticism came as protesters in Moscow were rallying against then-Prime Minister Vladimir Putin , who was running again for president . Putin , who went on to win the presidency , accused the U.S. State Department of stirring things up . McFaul 's ambassadorship came at a time of strained relations between the two countries , with quarrels over , among other things , Syria 's civil war and the arrival in Moscow of admitted National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden . U.S. Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said Tuesday that President Obama "  is deeply grateful for Ambassador McFaul 's extraordinary service over the last five years . " "  From the White House to Spaso House  the U.S. Embassy in Moscow  , Mike helped shape policies that advanced America 's interest -- from the New START treaty , to resupplying our troops in Afghanistan ; from sustaining U.S.-Russian cooperation on negotiations with Iran , to deepening trade and commercial ties , " Rhodes said . CNN first learned of McFaul 's planned departure on Twitter .	Michael McFaul became U.S. ambassador to Russia in 2012 Russia expert McFaul took leave from Stanford to serve Obama administration in 2009 McFaul helped develop Obama administration 's first-term "  reset " policy with Russia State-run media criticized McFaul for outspoken support of pro-democracy groups
CNN  -- A major snowstorm slammed the East Coast and snarled the busy holiday travel season Saturday as airports shut down runways , rail service slowed and bus routes were suspended on the last weekend before Christmas . Record snowfall totals were reported Saturday afternoon at Washington Dulles and Reagan National airports -- and snow was still falling . Accumulation at Dulles reached 16 inches , breaking the old record of 10.6 inches set December , 12 , 1964 ; 13.3 inches was reported at Reagan . The old record there was 11.5 inches set December 17 , 1932 . Three deaths in Virginia were blamed on the storm , state officials said . One person was killed late Friday in a single-car crash . Two other deaths were reported Saturday as more heavy snow was expected . Virginia Gov. Timothy Kaine authorized up to 1,000 National Guardsmen to assist in responding to the storm , which dumped more than 20 inches of snow in parts of the state by Saturday evening . Virginia State Police had responded to nearly 3,000 accidents or disabled vehicles since Friday night , the governor 's office said . The storm stretched from Tennessee and North Carolina to the southern New England states , blanketing the mid-Atlantic region and the heavily populated I-95 corridor . The forecast called for 12 to 22 inches of snow in some areas . See current flight delay information on the FAA Web site CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis said the storm -- known as a nor'easter -- could rival the Knickerbocker blizzard of 1922 , which dropped between 28 and 33 inches of snow in the D.C. area . "  I do n't know that it will be a record-breaker , but this is significant , " she said . "  This is a really bad storm right now . " The foul weather prompted an emergency declaration in the nation 's capital , stranded hundreds of motorists , shut down airports , caused power outages , and threatened to keep hordes of Christmas shoppers indoors . The weather delayed start times for two National Football League games Sunday . The Chicago Bears-Baltimore Ravens and the San Francisco 49ers-Philadelphia Eagles games will be played at 4:15 p.m. instead of 1 p.m. Chicago Bears players and staff were scheduled to arrive in Baltimore via a charter late Saturday night , after a single runway was opened at BWI-Thurgood Marshall Airport . That runway is expected to remain open for all flights , a spokesman for the Maryland Aviation Airport Authority said . A winter storm warning was in effect for the Washington area until 6 a.m. Sunday . Blizzard warnings were issued for New York 's Long Island and parts of southern New England with forecasters predicting whiteout conditions due to high winds . Is winter weather affecting you ? Share stories , photos and videos "  I strongly urge everyone to stay at home and off the roads , " said Michael Cline , state coordinator for the Virginia Department of Emergency Management . "  There are hundreds of vehicles abandoned or stuck on roads . There is already one to two feet of snow on the roads , and snow is still falling . " Similar warnings were issued by state officials up and down the East Coast . Parts of U.S. 29 , I-77 and I-81 were closed and hundreds of bus passengers were stranded at a terminal in Washington as nearly 300 routes were canceled from New England to Jacksonville , Florida , Greyhound Bus Lines spokeswoman Maureen Richmond said . Travelers stuck at Greyhound terminals are being made comfortable with assistance from the Red Cross and Salvation Army , Richmond said . See traffic and road closure information on the U.S. DOT Web site The storm also affected rail service . Passengers aboard an Amtrak train that originated in New Orleans on Friday morning sat outside Alexandria , Virginia , for more than five hours Saturday afternoon . The train had full power , and passengers were being given food and drinks throughout the ordeal , Amtrak spokeswoman Vernae Graham said . She expected the train to pull into Washington Saturday night . Trains were running 30 to 60 minutes behind schedule early Saturday , and 60 to 90 minutes later in the day . Meanwhile , more than 400 people hunkered down in 20 shelters across Virginia . A Virginia National Guard spokesman said it is working with other agencies to transport stranded motorists to shelters , and is getting food and water to people stuck in their vehicles . As snow continued to fall in the mid-Atlantic states , folks in western North Carolina were digging out Saturday from the powerful storm . More than 50,000 were without power in Asheville 's Buncombe County after more than a foot of snow fell in the mountains . Crews were traveling from Kentucky and South Carolina to help restore power , a spokeswoman for Progress Energy told CNN affiliate WLOS . In Washington , Mayor Adrian M. Fenty said the storm is "  perhaps the biggest we 've seen in several years . " "  We are going to throw everything we have at it to keep the district open for business on this busy pre-holiday weekend , " Fenty said when he announced the snow emergency . But , he also urged residents to stay in their homes . "  This snow should end early tomorrow morning with a 24-hour cleanup . We should have a lot of streets ready to go by rush hour Monday . And , hopefully , all of it done between Monday and Wednesday . " Nine people were taken to a hospital after a bus and a city snow plow collided , a D.C. fire official said . The injuries are not considered serious . The storm also halted above-ground Metrorail operations in the district because of heavy snowfall covering the electrified third rail , the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority said . Trains were shifted to underground travel , and the underground Metrorail stations will remain open until 3 a.m. , the normal closing time for a Saturday night . In West Virginia , Gov. Joe Manchin on Saturday declared a state of emergency and "  authorized the use of the National Guard to assist with snow removal and emergency assistance and operations . " West Virginia is working to help stranded motorists , clear roadways , and restore power outages , Manchin said in a statement . In Massachusetts , Boston Mayor Thomas Menino declared a snow emergency beginning at 10 p.m. Forecasters are predicting up to 15 inches of snow with 30 mph winds between Saturday night and late Sunday morning . Crews were standing by with snow removal equipment and salt , and the city 's emergency homeless shelters will be open "  throughout the day and evening . " While the storm caused chaos for weekend travelers and shoppers , UPS spokesman Norman Black on Friday said shipped packages should n't be delayed . "  The good thing for us and our competitors is that this is happening on a weekend , " Black said . He said that packages set for Monday delivery were on planes that landed and offloaded Friday night . UPS never has packages in motion on a Sunday , even the Sunday before Christmas . And because Saturday volume is usually light -- because delivering on Saturday is a premium service -- Black expected few problems . That is , unless the roads are still a mess and airports are n't cleaned by Monday .	Nor'easter blankets heavily populated Interstate 95 corridor from Tennessee to New England Weather strands air and rail passengers , snarls roads , delays football games With up to 22 inches of snow expected in some areas , storm could rival 1922 Knickerbocker blizzard Three deaths in Virginia blamed on massive storm
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel on Friday outlined actions -- some under way , some in the works -- to revamp the U.S. nuclear program , following reviews he had ordered that "  found evidence of systemic problems . " "  We must address all of the underlying problems , " Hagel said , pointing to "  sometimes insufficient resources and manpower , " among many other issues . An internal review pointed to a host of problems , from "  inadequate " and "  aging " equipment and facilities to "  a culture of excessive inspections " to the blurring of the lines between accountability and perfection in the Air Force , " according to a summary released by the Defense Department . This report , and a separate external review , pointed to "  a nuclear workforce that was dedicated , capable , and performing well in spite of challenges resulting from being understaffed , under-resourced , and reliant on an aging and fragile supporting infrastructure in an over-inspected and overly risk-averse environment , " the Defense Department summary said . "  Both reports identified serious issues with potential real world consequences if not addressed -- some of which require long term and permanent cultural and structural changes , " the Defense Department added . Hagel ordered the review in January following revelations of misconduct involving officers who played a role in the nuclear program . The incidents included the disciplining of a general with nuclear oversight responsibilities ; his misbehavior involving alcohol and women on an overseas trip got him into hot water . There was also the disclosure that nearly three dozen Air Force officers at a nuclear missile base in Montana were involved in cheating on a proficiency test . In his remarks Friday , Hagel noted that while President Barack Obama 's administration is moving away from reliance on nuclear weapons , that arsenal remains a key part of the U.S. military . "  It 's  the Department of Defense 's  highest-priority mission , " Hagel said . "  No other capability we have is more important . " Military nuke officers beset by recent scandals Together , the two reviews identified over 100 recommendations to improve the nation 's nuclear deterrent forces ranging for acquisition investments to leadership challenges . In one instance , the review panels discovered a situation where crews working on the missile fleet relied on Fed-Ex to deliver the copy of one wrench , needed to attach warheads to missiles , to be shared among three bases . Hagel called the situation "  indicative of a system that 's been allowed to kind of slowly back downhill , " but also noted the "  creative and innovative " nature of the solution . "  We now have a wrench for each location , " Hagel said . "  We 're going to have two wrenches for each location soon . " While the reviews concluded that the nation 's nuclear facilities can fulfill their overall mission , significant changes will be required in the system to ensure the safety , security and overall effectiveness of the force in the future . "  The bottom line is that the forces are meeting the demands of the mission with dedication and determination but with such increasing difficulty that any margin of capability to meet the demands has been consumed by the Sailors , Airmen , and Marines are paying an unsustainable price , " Air Force Gen. Larry Welch  Ret .  and Navy Admiral John Harvey , Jr.  Ret .  wrote in a letter to Hagel in a letter accompanying their external review report . Regarding personnel at nuclear facilities , the report found issues with accountability , morale and recognition , as well as a rapidly aging civilian workforce in some areas , and a lack of promotion opportunities for nuclear officers in the Air Force . The reports also found that as the nuclear infrastructure continues to age , it will be increasingly more time-consuming and expensive to sustain without additional investments . In his remarks , Hagel said he expected the need for a 10 percent increase for the nation 's nuclear infrastructure in the next five budget requests each fiscal year . Currently , the Pentagon spends in the range of $ 15-16 billion dollars a year Hagel said . Both reports call for a clarification of the leadership structure within the nuclear enterprise to reduce administrative burdens imposed on the forces , as well as a change in the "  culture of micromanagement , " and improving the manner in which training and inspections are conducted . They come in the wake of a string of scandals over the past few years . In January , dozens of Air Force officers at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana charged with maintaining nuclear missiles , were accused of cheating or turning a blind eye to cheating on a competency test . That incident followed an October 2013 incident where a U.S. general who oversaw nuclear weapons being relieved of his position following revelations of public intoxication and disrespecting his hosts during an official visit to Russia . In another 2013 incident , 17 officers at Minot Air Force Base were stripped of their authority to control and launch nuclear missiles after their unit performed poorly on an inspection , with one officer investigated for potential compromise of nuclear launch codes . Secretary Hagel flew to Minot on Friday to visit with troops and crews and explain the findings of the reports . Hagel also announced he has granted the Air Force the authority to elevate it 's Global Strike Command to be headed by a four-star general and to allow a three-star general to oversee the strategic deterrence and nuclear integration staff . That was a recommendation made by Air Force Secretary Deborah James , along with members of Congress earlier this year , who said the missions deserved higher level of leadership . "  We must restore the prestige that attracted the brightest minds of the Cold War era , so our most talented young men and women see the nuclear pathway as promising in value , " Hagel said . "  They will no longer be outranked by their non-nuclear counterparts , giving the nuclear Air Force the second-to-none leadership it deserves . "	Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered a review of the U.S. nuclear program This came after misconduct involving officers who were part of the program An internal review points to a host of problems
As Sony Pictures struggles to recover from one blow after another related to the devastating cyber attack , one may overlook the fact that its parent company in Japan has been a popular target of hackers for years . Three years ago , in April 2011 , Sony 's PlayStation network was shut down for nearly a month when hackers stole the personal information of an estimated 77 million people . That same year , in June , hackers released 150,000 Sony Pictures records including usernames and passwords and claimed to have compromised the private information of more than one million people . In October 2012 , hacker group "  The Three Musketeers " released a security key that allowed PS3 users to run pirated games . Despite those incidents , a group with suspected ties to North Korea calling itself "  Guardians of Peace " was able to infiltrate Sony 's computer system , steal an incredible amount of data , and use it to launch the most vicious cyber-attack in history on an American corporation . Former Sony employees are suing the company for failing to protect their privacy . Many are asking what lessons -- if any -- Sony learned from those previous hacks . Asia Strategist Keith Henry says Sony was taken by complete surprise last month when the cyber-terrorists successfully stole massive amounts of data and used it to devastate the company . "  They can inflict damage . Immense amount of damage to corporate America , " Henry says . They posted personal information like addresses and social security numbers , private emails that contained embarrassing revelations about top executives and Hollywood stars , insider information about the studio 's tactics , and they even posted five Sony movies on file-sharing websites . Tokyo-based cyber security firm LAC is the only line of defense for about 850 clients . It has a confidential list of private companies and government agencies . "  The hackers are always getting more advanced , " says LAC Chief Technology Officer Itsuro Nishimoto . And they are sometimes too far ahead of those trying to keep up . Nishimoto says a devastating hack like the one on Sony Pictures can penetrate even the best cyber-defense . He says the Sony network may be more vulnerable because of the large amount of users with varying degrees of access . Sony appears to be trying to avoid further provoking North Korea , the prime hacking suspect , telling CNN simply "  the investigation is ongoing . " The Japanese government is also distancing itself . A spokesperson for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs tells CNN the hack is a "  United States issue . " Henry says the world is coming to terms with the new reality of cyber-terrorism . "  One of the reasons nobody is willing to make a statement is because they do n't know what to say , " Henry says . Jeff Kingston , a professor of Asian Studies at Temple University in Tokyo says the attack reveals lax cyber-security among Sony 's ranks . But he suspects it is a more widespread problem in Japan . "  I think this is a wake-up call for Japan that this is a problem . This is a huge vulnerability . And they 're not really managing this risk very well or very aggressively , " Kingston said . "  It does suggest a certain level of corporate complacency . " Defector : North Korea has vast hacker network 5 lessons from the Sony hack	Sony in Japan has been a popular target of hackers for years PlayStation network was shut down in April 2011 when hackers stole information of 77M people Former Sony employees are suing the company for failing to protect their privacy Analyst says attack reveals lax cyber-security among Sony 's ranks
CNN  -- Jennifer Schuett did n't know it , but the DNA of the man suspected of attacking her in 1990 was sitting in an FBI database for at least 13 years , just waiting for a connection to be made . Dennis Earl Bradford , a 40-year-old welder , was arrested after DNA allegedly tied him to the crime . She was 8 and had been abducted from her room , raped and left for dead in a field . All she knew about the man who kidnapped her was that he called himself Dennis . His DNA was found on underwear left behind , but the sample was too small at the time to get a match . Schuett helped police create a detailed sketch of the man who attacked her . CNN normally does not identify victims of sexual assaults . But Schuett decided to go public with her story and her name to increase the chances of finding and prosecuting her attacker . For nearly two decades , there were no answers . But with technological advances , authorities were able to retest the small sample of the attacker 's DNA last year . With those results , a suspect would be found -- and it would all be because he was convicted for an eerily similar crime . Dennis Earl Bradford , 40 , was arrested Tuesday in connection with Schuett 's abduction and attempted murder . Authorities believe he was the man who kidnapped Schuett from her Dickinson , Texas , home , choked her , dragged her from his car and slashed her throat in 1990 . Watch the sketch artist 's memories of Schuett at 8 " Years later , Bradford was arrested for a similar crime , court records show . On April 16 , 1996 , Bradford walked into Gator 's Bar in Garland County , Arkansas , and offered to buy a woman a beer . They played pool for a while until she was ready to leave , and he offered her a ride . He wanted to spend more time with her , so he asked if she wanted to ride around in his car for a while and listen to an Ozzy Osbourne tape , the woman told police , the documents show . About 20 to 30 minutes later , he said he wanted to show her some property . According to the court documents , he stopped the car , began choking her and beat her in the head . "  He dragged her from the car into the woods and threw her to the ground , " according to the court documents . They go on to say that he beat her and choked her again , at one point knocking her unconscious , she told police . He stripped her naked and put a knife to her throat . Bradford told her "  he was going to kill her , that he was going to put the knife in her eye and was going to cut her jugular , " court documents show . Then , according to the documents , he raped her . He ordered her to stay still , gave her a towel to clean herself up and took her to a nearby creek and helped her finish bathing , court documents said . As they got back into the car and drove toward the Oaklawn Race Track , he said again that he had planned to kill her , the court documents show . This time , she asked him why he did n't . She told police he said he got scared . Bradford began apologizing repeatedly , the victim said , until he stopped the car at the track and let her out . That 's when she turned and saw his license plate as he drove off into the distance . When Bradford was arrested in 1996 , police took his DNA , which was entered into the FBI database . It remained there for years , until technology would catch up . A Garland County Circuit Court jury found Bradford guilty of kidnapping but was not able reach a verdict on the rape charges . Arkansas corrections officials said Bradford entered prison in march 1997 , facing a 12-year-sentence , and was paroled in February 2000 . In March 2008 , in Houston , Texas , FBI Special Agent Richard Rennison , Dickinson Police Department Detective Tim Cromie and a Galveston sheriff 's deputy met to discuss Schuett 's 1990 case . Cromie asked if the FBI could see if new methods of DNA testing might help find a match for Schuett 's attacker . In July 2008 , the evidence from Schuett 's attack was sent for analysis , and on September 22 , 2009 , authorities say they received word there was a match . The FBI lab informed them that the DNA in the attacker 's underwear matched Bradford 's DNA profile . Bradford was arrested Tuesday morning on his way to work in Arkansas . He appeared in court in Little Rock on Wednesday and waived extradition to Texas . Attorney Mark Jesse , who represented Bradford at the hearing , said plans were in place to fly him to Texas later in the day . Earlier , the FBI said Bradford would arrive in Texas as early as Wednesday night and no later than Friday . Though it may have taken 19 years to find a suspect , Schuett 's story came full circle this week with Bradford 's arrest . "  I hope that my case will remain as a reminder to all victims of violent crime to never give up hope ... " she said . "  With determination and by using your voice to speak out , you are capable of anything . "	DNA from suspect in 1996 case leads to arrest in 1990 rape case Dennis Earl Bradford arrested for rape , attempted murder of Jennifer Schuett Bradford convicted of kidnapping , slashing woman in 1996 in similar manner Bradford 's DNA sat in database for 13 years before connection was made
CNN  -- Peanut butter makers not affected by the deadly salmonella outbreak linked to a Georgia peanut plant are trying to get consumers to keep buying peanut butter . It could be an uphill battle . J.M. Smucker Co. wants to assure consumers that its Jif brand of peanut butter is safe to eat . Companies such as ConAgra Foods Inc. and J.M. Smucker Co. have started running ads and offering coupons , trying to lure peanut butter customers as sales have plunged at least 20 percent since the salmonella outbreak . Eight people have died and nearly 600 have been sickened in the outbreak . The original peanut butter recall launched weeks ago has expanded to include more than 1,000 products . On ConAgra 's Web site , a letter assures customers that the company 's peanut butter is safe . "  ConAgra Foods , the maker of Peter Pan Peanut Butter , has confirmed that none of the ingredients used to make Peter Pan Peanut Butter come from Peanut Corporation of America , the company linked to the government 's current salmonella investigation , " the letter says . "  We are extremely confident in the safety protocols . " J.M. Smucker , maker of Jif peanut butter , had a similar message for customers . "  Our Smucker 's peanut butter brand and peanut butter products are safe for consumption . The J.M. Smucker Company does not purchase peanuts or any ingredients from Peanut Corporation of America , " its Web site says . The Peanut Corporation of America is under investigation by the Food and Drug Administration , and the FBI searched its Blakely , Georgia , plant on Monday , CNN affiliate WALB-TV in Albany , Georgia , reported . Americans have shied away from peanut butter despite the FDA 's assurances that major-label peanut butter in grocery stores is safe . Watch a senator express outrage at the outbreak " "  With eight dead and almost 600 sick , it 's a time to be prudent , " said Dr. Douglas Powell , an associate professor of food safety at Kansas State University , which is the home of the International Food Safety Network . There 's another problem , Powell said : "  None of these companies are really coming out and saying this is what we do to ensure safety . They say , ` Yeah , we test for salmonella . ' But are those tests public ? They 're not . " Shoppers are wary because they do n't know which products are safe , he said . Tainted peanut butter and peanut paste were shipped by Peanut Corporation of America to institutions such as schools , nursing homes and prisons , not to grocery stores . But that is n't preventing consumers from playing it safe . Powell said he understands . "  If you 're a parent packing a lunch and you have all the hectic things going on in the morning , is it really realistic to say , hey , before you put that peanut snack cracker individually wrapped item into your kid 's lunch , you 're going to go onto the Internet and check a Web site ? I think that 's a bit much . I think it 's prudent to avoid this stuff until we see where this is going , " he said .	Makers of Peter Pan and Jif distance firms from salmonella contamination Companies assure public they do n't use products from suspect plant Retail peanut butter sales have dropped 20 percent since salmonella outbreak
For such a small country -- it ranks 109th in the world for total area , right behind Iceland -- South Korea sure is in the news a lot . Occasionally that news is grim -- something to do with a troublesome cousin across the border . Sometimes it 's pure mainstream pop -- a bunch of cute singers taking down Lady Gaga on the world stage . Sometimes it 's just plain astonishing -- no one throws out the first pitch at a baseball game with as much panache as South Koreans . From the weird to the wonderful to sci-fi stuff from a Samsung galaxy far , far away , here are things South Korea pulls off more spectacularly than anywhere else . More : 40 most beautiful places in South Korea 1 . Wired culture Want to see what the future looks like ? Book a ticket to the country with a worldwide high 82.7 % Internet penetration and where 78.5 % of the entire population is on smartphones  as of 2013  . Among 18 to 24 year olds , smartphone penetration is 97.7 % . While they 're chatting away on emoticon-ridden messenger apps such as Naver Line or Kakao Talk , South Koreans also use their smartphones to pay at shops , watch TV  not Youtube but real-time channels  on the subway and scan QR codes at the world 's first virtual supermarket . Hyundai plans on rolling out a car that starts with your smartphone in 2015 . Samsung in the meantime has been designing a curved phone . Crazy displays of technology already in place but not yet distributed can be seen  by appointment  at T.um , Korea 's largest telecom company SK Telecom 's future technology museum . T.um , Jung-gu , Euljiro 2-ga 11 , Seoul ; +82 2 6100 0601 More : 50 reasons why Seoul is the world 's greatest city 2 . Whipping out the plastic South Koreans became the world 's top users of credit cards two years ago , according to data from the Bank of Korea . While Americans made 77.9 credit card transactions per person in 2011 and Canadians made 89.6 , South Koreans made 129.7 . It 's technically illegal for any merchant in the country to refuse credit cards , no matter how low the price , and all cabs have credit card machines . All that flying plastic makes Seoul one of our top shopping cities in the world . More : 10 things Italy does better than anywhere else 3 . Workaholics South Koreans are so used to studying -- the country has the highest education level in Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD  countries , with 98 % of the population completing secondary education and 63 % with a college education -- they ca n't get out of the habit once they reach the work force . According to this quirky map from thedoghousediaries , Brazil sets the standard for FIFA World Cup titles and North Korea leads in "  censorship , " but South Korea takes the crown for workaholics . You can see it in any Korean city , where lights in buildings blaze into the late hours as workers slave away . According to 2012 data from South Korea 's Ministry of Strategy and Finance , South Koreans work 44.6 hours per week , compared with the OECD average of 32.8 . And according to a study released in August 2014 , along with Tokyo residents , Seoulites get the least amount of sleep of any residents of major cities in the world , just less than six hours a night . More : 10 things the U.S. does better than anywhere else 4 . Business boozing When they 're not working , Koreans are celebrating their latest deals or drowning their sorrows in soju . While many leading companies are trying to curb the working/drinking culture , there are still plenty of bosses who drag their teams out for way too many rounds of soju/beer/whiskey "  bombs . " More : Business traveler 's guide to surviving a Korean drinking session Those who opt out are considered rude or hopelessly boring . Yes , Japan and a few other countries can stake reasonable claims to this title , but South Korea has stats to back up the barroom brag . Jinro soju was the world 's best-selling liquor last year , for the eleventh year in a row , with its home country accounting for most of the sales . The South Korean distilled rice liquor manufacturer outsold Smirnoff vodka , which came in second by 37.48 million cases . More : 50 beautiful places to visit in South Korea Innovative cosmetics When it comes to makeup and cosmetics , South Koreans ca n't stop experimenting with ingredients or methods of application . Snail creams  moisturizers made from snail guts  are so 2011 . Now it 's all about Korean ingredients such as Innisfree 's Jeju Island volcanic clay mask and fermented soybean moisturizer . At VDL , Korea 's latest trendy cosmetics line , products change monthly . Right now , they 're pushing "  hair shockers " -- neon tints for hair -- and nail polish with real flowers in it . Just as Korean men are less wary of going under the plastic surgery knife  see point 10  than their foreign counterparts , they also snap up skincare products and , yes , even makeup , namely foundation in the form of BB cream . South Korea is by far the largest market for men 's cosmetics , with Korean men buying a quarter of the world 's men 's cosmetics -- around $ 900 million a year , according to Euromonitor . More : Complete Korean cosmetics shopping guide 6 . Female golfers The Economist posed a million-dollar question in 2013 . "  Why are Korean women so good at golf ? " The rankings were staggering . Of the top 100 female golfers in the world , 38 were Korean . Of the current top 25 , 9 are Korean  10 if you count Seoul-born Lydia Ko , who calls New Zealand home  . Inbee Park , 25 , is the second-ranked player in women 's golf and was the youngest player to win the U.S. Women 's Open . In January , Ko , 14 , set the record for the youngest woman to ever win a professional golf tournament . Chalk it up to crazy Korean competitiveness or to the Tiger Mom/Dad theory  golfer Se-Ri Pak 's father is infamous for making her sleep alone in a cemetery every night to steel her nerves  , but the phenomenon certainly begs study . Widely thought to be a response to Korean domination of the sport , the U.S.-based LPGA passed a requirement in 2008 mandating that its members must learn to speak English , or face suspension . 7 . Starcraft One country 's hopeless nerds are among another 's highest earning celebrities . Starcraft is actually a legitimate career in South Korea , with pro gamers raking in hundreds of thousands of dollars in earnings in addition to endorsements . Since the game launched in 1998 , nearly half of all games have been sold in South Korea , where boys , girls , men and women drop by for a night of gaming in giant video game parlors . There are cable channels devoted solely to the games , and the culture has led to approximately 14 % of Koreans between ages 9 and 12 suffering from Internet addiction , according to the National Information Agency . To try to crack down , the government passed a ban dubbed the "  shutdown law " or "  Cinderella law " two years ago , prohibiting anyone 16 and younger from game websites . The ban has been widely ignored . More : How to be a Seoul local : 10 tips on faking it 8 . Flight attendants Flight attendants from airlines around the world come to Korean airlines ' training centers to learn proper airborne charm . Ask anyone who 's ever flown a Korean airline and dare them to say the service is n't the best they 've ever had . It 's not just the sweet smiles that greet every little request , but the almost comical looks of suicidal despair when they somehow run out of bibimbap in the row before yours . More : 10 things India does better than anywhere else 9 . Blind dates "  When 's your next sogeting  blind date  ? " That 's one of the most frequently asked questions of any Korean single . The standard answer is the epic horror story that was the last blind date , often involving a crippling Oedipus complex or intolerable physical flaw . Followed immediately by a chirpy , "  Why , do you know someone you can set me up with ? " Due to the high volume of blind dates , when Korean make up their minds , they move quickly . According to data compiled by South Korea 's largest matchmaking company , Duo , the average length of time of a relationship from the  blind  first date to marriage is approximately 10.2 months for working people , with an average of 62 dates per couple . In a survey conducted by Duo , working singles interested in marriage say they typically go on two blind dates a week . They should know . Of the top four matchmaking companies in Korea  there are 2,500 companies in the country  , Duo has a 63.2 % marketshare . More : The real Gangnam Style : Beauty Belt , wedding town , 24-hour culture 10 . Plastic surgery Whether it 's a lantern jaw , wide forehead or long teeth , there 's no feature doctors ca n't beautify in the Asian capital for cosmetic surgery . Russians , Chinese , Mongolians and Japanese flock to South Korea on plastic surgery "  medical tours , " not only for the skill of the surgeons , but for the good deals . "  An average -- not excellent -- face-lift in the United States will set you back about $ 10,000 , " Seoul National University Hospital plastic surgeon Kwon Seung-taik told CNN . "  But in Korea you can get the same service for $ 2,000 or $ 3,000 . "	Crazy competitiveness leads to surprising superlatives South Koreans are devoted to cramming for tests , overworking , drinking and Starcraft It 's a plastic surgery mecca Most made-up men ? You 'll find them in South Korea
CNN  -- Dallas has long been a sociological curiosity . With its mix of sweeping ranches and high-end shopping , it 's sort of a "  country meets culture " destination . And you do n't have to drive all over the metroplex  as the locals call the Dallas-Fort Worth area  to have a good time . All the food , fun and fanciness can be found in the 1.5-mile radius of downtown . While the core of downtown Dallas has always been a thriving business district , it only recently began to attract visitors after 5 p.m. Dinner and a museum Take restaurants , for example . Drive down any downtown street and it 's clear that food is definitely a big part of Big D. "  Dallas has more restaurants per capita than New York City , " says John Crawford , president and CEO of DowntownDallas , a private organization that serves as downtown Dallas ' leading advocate . He says that in the downtown area alone , there are 250 places to dine , ranging from the elegant French Room  1321 Commerce St.  in the grand Adolphus hotel to family-friendly pizza joint Campisi 's  1520 Elm St. , Suite . 111  . The fare is versatile , too : Sure , Dallas does Tex-Mex well , but the town also boasts plenty of places that offer twists on the basic burrito . Fuse  1512 Commerce St. , Suite 100  , a hip eatery that opened in 2006 , serves up dishes like brisket pot stickers in a style they refer to as "  TexAsian . " The only thing that rivals the restaurant scene in downtown Dallas is the arts scene . It 's true . "  We 've got the largest urban arts district in the country , " says Crawford . "  It stretches across 17 continuous square blocks . " This includes the renowned Dallas Museum of Art  1717 N. Harwood  and the Nasher Sculpture Center  2001 Flora St.  . Visitors often overlook the Crow Collection of Asian Art  2010 Flora St.  , and it 's free . For music there 's the Meyerson Symphony Center  2301 Flora St.  , and theater buffs can see plays , musicals and big-name comedy acts like Jay Leno at the Majestic  1925 Elm St.  . Downtown 's revival While the core of downtown Dallas has always been a thriving business district , it only recently began to attract visitors after 5 p.m. Like most cities , Dallas felt the effects of suburban sprawl in the early '90s . In fact , as recently as 1996 , only 200 people called the central business district home , according to Crawford . Now he estimates that in the next 18 months , there will be more than 7,000 residents just in the core of downtown . Crawford and his colleagues believe people are migrating downtown partly because of revitalization efforts and partly because of environmental concerns related to long commutes . Whatever the reason , visitors to downtown Dallas are certainly benefiting from all of this migration . "  As you get more residential , you get a number of supporting services , and that 's probably the reason for the number of restaurants that we have and the level of activity that 's occurring , " Crawford says . Shopping and bar hopping Included in that hustle and bustle is Dallas ' favorite pastime -- shopping . First , there 's downtown 's flagship store , Neiman Marcus  1618 Main St.  , which is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year . The Dallas-born department store paved the way for other retailers to set up shop downtown , including national chains like high-end men 's clothing store Jos. A. Bank  1508 Commerce St.  and smaller , stylish boutiques like edgy and sophisticated Crimson in the City  1514 Commerce St.  . After a day of downtown shopping , you 'll probably be inclined to check out the Dallas nightlife .  Where else are you going to show off your purchases ?  Again , there 's no need to leave the downtown area : You could hit the historic West End , where the preserved 19th-century buildings now house 21st-century attractions like restaurants and bars . It 's got its share of obvious places like TGI Friday 's , but also unusual eateries like Y.O. Ranch Steakhouse , which features an extensive wild game menu . For the opposite take on the city , go to the opposite side of downtown . On the east end , you 'll find funky Deep Ellum , where the vibe is young , artsy and eclectic . The area is known for its live music scene with bars like Club Dada  2720 Elm St.  featuring up-and-coming and even well-known acts . Even dinner can be offbeat if you check out Monica 's Aca Y Alla  2914 Main St.  . Folks come for the unique Mexican dishes as well as to sneak a peek at Monica , the restaurant 's transgender owner . Uptown holds the newest side of downtown -- Victory Park . The highlight of this area is the posh W Hotel  2440 Victory Park Lane  which boasts the trendy Ghostbar on its 33rd floor . Discriminating tastes will also appreciate N9NE Steakhouse . And just when Victory Park starts to feel like a mini-Vegas , you 'll spot the colossal American Airlines Center  2500 Victory Ave.  , home to the Dallas Mavericks and the Dallas Stars  just another reminder that even among all of this Victory Park privilege , you 're still in sports-loving Texas  . Family favorites Do n't forget the kids ; there 's plenty for them downtown , too . The Dallas World Aquarium  1801 N. Griffin St.  offers marine life from around the globe in its 85,000 gallons of water . Plus , the rainforest section of the venue has non-sea creatures from South America like monkeys and toucans . For some history , families can visit The Sixth Floor Museum at Dealey Plaza  411 Elm St.  in the West End . The National Historic Landmark District is the site of the assassination of President John F. Kennedy . The permanent exhibit focuses on the days leading up to the tragedy as well as the impact it had on the world . Mild Texas temperatures allow visitors to be outdoors throughout all four seasons . And since there are more than 200 events every year , there 's sure to be some sort of festival or parade going on , no matter when you visit . So pack your shopping shoes , your love of art and your appetite and head to Big D  cowboy hat optional  . E-mail to a friend	Dallas has more restaurants per capita than New York City , officials say The city 's arts district stretches across 17 continuous square blocks Businesses are housed in preserved 19th-century buildings in the West End
CNN  -- Like other Saudi women , she 's not allowed to drive or move around freely . But Somayya Jabarti will soon be setting the news agenda for thousands of readers in the Middle Eastern kingdom . In what appears to be a first for male-dominated Saudi Arabia , Jabarti has been appointed editor of a major newspaper , the English-language Saudi Gazette . She will take over as editor-in-chief from her longtime mentor , Khaled Al Maeena , the outgoing editor said in an article published Sunday on the newspaper 's website . "  I 've had the goal almost as long of wanting to see a Saudi woman enter the male-dominated bastion of editors-in chief , " Al Maeena wrote . "  It was not a question of gender but of merit that decided and earned her this opportunity . " Jabarti 's appointment has generated praise on social media . But it remains to be seen how it will be received by the larger public in the conservative kingdom , where religious interpretations impose a de facto ban on females driving , among other restrictions involving women . "  This is a totally new step for Saudi Arabia , " Saudi journalist Essam Al Ghalib told CNN . "  She is very qualified and it 's about time . But how will people react , we 'll have to wait and see . " "  The biggest challenge she may face is being accepted by the male-dominated circle of journalists , " he said . Jabarti told CNN that she is unfazed . "  It is a male-dominated field , like many media in the world , " she said . "  There will be challenges , but there is ground to be broken . This is just the starting point . " Jabarti began her career in journalism in 2003 as a reporter and translator for the Arab News , then headed by Al Maeena . She eventually rose to deputy editor-in-chief at the newspaper in 2011 before joining the Saudi Gazette with Al Maeena . The Saudi Gazette has a circulation of about 47,000 , Al Maeena told Al Arabiya News in September . Jabarti will take over the newspaper amid significant challenges to press freedom in Saudi Arabia . Reporters Without Borders recently said Saudi Arabia ranks near the bottom of countries around the world in press freedom . The organization cited the arrests and punishment of journalists who wrote about sensitive issues in Saudi Arabia , including religion and the ban on women driving . On Sunday , the Saudi Gazette also carried a story citing a spokesman for the Ministry of Culture and Information threatening to shut down online news sites that "  publish offensive material about Islam , the country , or traditions . " CNN 's Leone Lakhani reported and wrote in Abu Dhabi . Michael Pearson wrote in Atlanta .	Longtime deputy of outgoing Saudi Gazette editor-in-chief will take over Somayya Jabarti is believed to be the first woman to head major Saudi newspaper "  This is just the starting point , " Jabarti tells CNN "  This is a totally new step for Saudi Arabia , " another journalist says
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- The world knows her as the daring nanny who , clutching a 2-year-old boy , pushed past the havoc in a terrorized Mumbai and risked her life to keep the toddler safe . Sandra Samuel bravely saved the life of Moshe Holtzberg , 2 , but says she sees no heroism in her actions . But Sandra Samuel sees no heroism in her actions amid last week 's terror attacks on India 's financial capital that killed nearly 180 people -- including baby Moshe 's parents , Rabbi Gavriel Holtzberg and his wife , Rivka . She only wishes she could have done more . "  Even today , I am thinking I should have sent the baby and done something for the rabbi and his wife , " Samuel told CNN in an exclusive television interview in Israel , where she now lives . Samuel and Moshe were among the few to make it out of the Chabad House alive after gunmen stormed the Jewish center , killing the Holtzbergs and four others . Israel 's Chabad movement has set up a fund to provide for Moshe 's care . He is being looked after by members of the community , although who will serve as his guardian has not yet been established . The nanny says she came face to face with a gunman late Wednesday , the first night of the siege . "  I saw one man was shooting at me -- he shot at me . " Watch CNN 's Paula Hancocks talk with Samuel " She slammed a door and hid in a first-floor storage room and attempted to reach the rabbi and the others on the second floor . Overnight , Samuel frantically tried to call for help as gunfire and grenade blasts shook the Chabad House . Samuel says she emerged early the next afternoon , when she heard Moshe calling for her . She found the child crying as he stood between his parents , who she says appeared unconscious but still alive . Based on the marks on Moshe 's back , she believes he was struck so hard by a gunman that he fell unconscious at some point as well . "  First thing is that a baby is very important for me and this baby is something very precious to me and that 's what made me just not think anything -- just pick up the baby and run , " Samuel said . "  When I hear gunshot , it 's not one or 20 . It 's like a hundred gunshots , " she added . "  Even I 'm a mother of two children so I just pick up the baby and run . Does anyone think of dying at the moment when there 's a small , precious baby ? " Watch Samuel describe the escape " Outside , chaos flooded the streets as people tried to make sense of the massacre that killed at least 179 people and wounded 300 others . Ultimately , she and Moshe reached safety at the home of an Israeli consul before arriving in Israel , where she is considered a hero . In the aftermath of the attacks , Moshe asked for his mother continuously , Samuel says , and he is learning to play again -- though he likes the nanny close by . And while she still has nightmares of the horrific siege that took hold of Mumbai , Samuel , a non-Jew and native of India , said she will stay in Israel for as long as Moshe needs her . Watch as Samuel describes boy asking for his mother " "  Yes , yes , they said it is important I am here , " she said . "  Me , I just take care of the baby . "	Sandra Samuel , who saved toddler 's life , sees no heroism in her actions Why she faced gunfire : "  This baby is something very precious to me " Samuel : "  When I hear gunshot , it 's not one or 20 . It 's like a hundred gunshots " For now , she will stay in Israel helping take care of orphan toddler that she saved
CNN  -- I watched the steady hand of my first officer , Jim , advance the thrust levers of our Boeing 777 . With the assistance of 115,000 ponds of thrust from each of two GE engines , the airplane began its lumbered roll down the center line of Runway 22 Left at JFK . We accelerated toward a rotation speed of 153 knots . At rotation speed , Jim applied gentle pressure to the control yoke , lifting the nose of our 602,000-pound airplane skyward . This would be one of the most critical phases of our flight to London . The immediate threat at that moment was the possibility that one of the GE engines would fail or tear itself apart internally at the most vulnerable time , an event we 'd practiced for repeatedly on flight simulators -- an event controllable through mechanical design and good old fashioned pilot skills . As airline pilots , this is one of the many eventualities we prepare for on every trip . As a result of September 11 , we also prepare for terrorism . And now it appears that we will be adding missile evasion to the list . It is almost inconceivable that tragedy would strike the same struggling airline twice in such a short period , but the truth speaks for itself . From over 800 flights traversing Ukranian airspace during the week before the crash of Malaysia Flight 17 it was the only airplane targeted by a missile . The crews aboard the four ill-fated flights on September 11 all had one expectation at the end of their trip assignments . They would come home to their loved ones , kiss their wife or husband , pet the dog , and listen to their children talk about the day at school . This was the expectation of the crew aboard Malaysia Fight 370 last March , and the crew of Malaysia Flight 17 last week . None of these crews went to work with the expectation that they had the potential to be casualties of war , nor did their passengers . For a relatively small air carrier it is the equivalent of losing family members , an emotionally devastating event . And like most airline crews , those at Malaysia Airlines will continue to serve at their professional best despite the circumstances . They must do this while defending themselves against criticism that the airline or the pilots could have prevented the catastrophe had they taken a different route than the one through Ukranian airspace . This begins the blame game and is a typical reaction to an unimaginable event , especially an airplane crash with such large loss of life . But the fact of the matter is that the route is assigned by air traffic control , as it is by air traffic control systems all over the world . The flight crew was simply complying with that clearance . Pilots do n't have the authority to change an assigned route on their own unless an emergency takes precedence . And even in an emergency certain guidelines must be followed . As an example , on the North Atlantic track system , which defines the routes between North America and Europe , the requirement to offset from an assigned route by 15 miles in an emergency is crucial to preventing conflict with other traffic . As for the airline dispatchers , they are responsible for filing route requests that serve the airline safely , comfortably and economically . But they have to plan their flights within the confines of air traffic control guidelines and restrictions and may not have many choices in certain areas other than to select a given altitude . If the dispatcher is aware of restrictions , the requested route that he or she files will reflect that . In the case of MH17 , and with many other airlines transiting the Donetsk region of Ukraine where MH17 was downed , such safety restrictions had caused the plane to fly at a higher-than-usual altitude : 33,000 feet  Ukrainian officials had raised the minimum altitude requirement to 32,000 feet  . Lockerbie relative : Grieve MH17 through love , not revenge In the United States , airspace is blotted all over the country with restricted areas that are primarily for military use . Routes filed by civilian airplanes have to avoid these areas . Pilots do not stray into restricted airspace without air traffic control permission . Some of these areas are "  hot " continuously and others are hot only at certain times , and at certain altitudes . Yes , if it is determined that a war zone on the ground could pose a threat , an option is to use a route that circumnavigates the airspace . But the war zone overflown by MH17 was never considered a definitive threat to civilian airplanes . Threat information is only as good as the intelligence supplied by air traffic control and its cooperating governments . So how is a missile attack thwarted on an airliner ? The answer , unfortunately , is not very well . In 2003 , an event reported in the back page of the newspapers involved a DHL Airlines cargo A300 that was struck by a surface-to-air MANPAD missile just after departure from the Baghdad International Airport . Ironically , the crew was executing a rapid climb maneuver to limit their exposure to just such an occurrence . The left wing sustained serious damage . All three hydraulic systems lost pressure because of a rapid fluid leak . The loss of hydraulic fluid also meant the loss of pressure to the primary flight controls . Through the innovative piloting skills of the three-man crew , the airplane completed a successful landing by using differential power . The DHL Airbus A300 was fortunate to have encountered a missile of limited capabilities . If the reported circumstances of MH17 's crash are accurate , for an airliner to have evaded a high-speed radar-guided missile would have been beyond its maneuvering capacity . Years back , when the MANPAD  stands for man-portable air defense system  threat was becoming a major topic of discussion as the next terrorist scenario , my airline considered installation of an automatic missile warning and detection system . With FAA approval , through a company that designed such things , three of our B767 's were outfitted with the system . To use a bad pun , it never got off the ground . Cost , of course , was an issue . And from a practical standpoint , being alerted to a missile was a great tool , but an airliner 's inability to quickly maneuver away from the danger still made the outcome inevitable . And with warfare technology becoming more sophisticated and deadly , an airline missile detection system may have been outdated on the day it was installed . Ultimately the truth surrounding the fate of Malaysia Flight 17 must be determined , lest we jump to inaccurate conclusions . The destruction of Korean Airlines Flight 007 in 1983 is just such an example . Although indeed a Russian fighter jet fired upon the Boeing 747 , it was later determined that the pilots had allowed the airplane to drift into Soviet airspace by not selecting the appropriate navigational mode on the autopilot . The airspace involved was an area that U.S. airplanes ,  some of them military versions of airliners like the 707  traversed nearby to toy with the Russians . The role of professional accident investigation is to find the cause of such tragedies regardless of their origin . We can only hope that the investigation is not further impeded by extraneous situations .	Les Abend : Pilots prepare for emergencies . 9/11 added terror , MH17 added missile evasion Some say plane could have avoided region , but he says crew followed air traffic control He says pilots ca n't just change route , they follow regulations . Plane already at higher altitude Abend : Airplanes not able to dodge missiles . Such technology would be quickly obsolete
CNN  A Florida man arrested in the United Arab Emirates for comments he posted on Facebook said he 's sorry for his remarks . "  I said some pretty derogatory things that I do regret saying , " Ryan Pate said . Pate , who is a helicopter mechanic for Global Aerospace Logistics , an aerospace company based in Abu Dhabi , was on vacation in Florida when he was notified by the company that there would be "  steps taken against  him  due to a medical condition . " The 30-year-old said he was on Facebook when he got the news that his pay would be suspended , so he immediately expressed his anger there . "  I did slam them verbally , " he said . "  I called them backstabbers . " Pate 's fiancee , Jillian Cardoza , said it was the "  perceived lack of sympathy from his company " that "  embodied his comments that he made on Facebook . " When Pate returned to the UAE in February , he was was arrested for "  cyber slander against the UAE and his employers , " U.S. Rep. David Jolly , R-Florida , said in a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry . "  The U.S. Embassy in Abu Dhabi is in contact with  Pate  and providing all possible consular assistance , " State Department spokesperson Marie Harf said . Harf confirmed Pate was arrested on February 16 and was released on bail on February 24 . Pate said he did not insult the UAE , the culture or Islam , but Cardoza said she understands her fiance 's comments were still "  offensive to not only the company he made them at , but in a larger sense the Arab population . " "  What I said was very wrong , " Pate said , "  I apologize for it . " Pate said the prosecutor has told him that he faces a fine , possible prison time and deportation if convicted . "  It really all rests on what the judge wants to do with with situation , " Pate said . Pate 's next court appearance is scheduled for March 17 . CNN 's Samira Said and Nick Salter contributed to this report .	Florida man arrested in UAE for "  cyberslander " after Facebook comments Ryan Pate , 30 , was in Florida when he made the remarks Pate said he regrets calling his employers "  backstabbers "
CNN  -- Two different terror attacks by two different sets of Islamic extremists in two different democracies . But the difference in people 's responses is what 's key , and exemplifies why America truly is exceptional . I 'm referring to the bombing in Boston , Massachusetts , on April 15 and the attack on a British soldier on a London street on May 22 . After the Boston attack , which claimed the lives of three people and injured more than 250 others , a minor anti-Muslim backlash was reported . The most notable : A Bangladeshi man in New York City was allegedly beaten and a Muslim woman in Boston was struck in the shoulder and called a terrorist . And sure the professional Islamophobes , who make their living spewing hate , came out to sell their rancid goods of division and distrust . However , thankfully , and unsurprisingly , Americans were n't buying it . But in England , the backlash against British Muslims has been alarming . Since the terror attack on May 22 , there have been 193 anti-Muslim incidents in England , that 's 15 times the average number . These hate crimes ranged from vandalizing mosques to pulling off women 's headscarves , to threats of violence against Muslims and to minor assaults . One of the most serious incidents happened Sunday night when three firebombs were thrown at the Grimsby Islamic Cultural Center in Lincolnshire , while worshipers were inside in the mosque . Luckily no one was killed . According to British media reports , this wave of anti-Muslim fever was not spontaneous . It has been an organized campaign of hate led by the right-wing group English Defence League , which held protests on the streets of London and Newcastle this past weekend . At its London event , EDL 's leader Tommy Robinson told supporters : "  They 've had their Arab spring . This is time for the English spring . " Of course , the terrorists who killed the British soldier were of Nigerian heritage , not Arab . But then again , bigots are n't the brightest , whether they 're English or American . Obviously , the anti-Muslim attacks and rallies orchestrated by the EDL do n't represent mainstream British society . In fact , an anti-racism rally was held in London to counter the EDL 's march . And comedian and actor Russell Brand wrote a heartfelt column for the UK 's popular The Sun tabloid , imploring his fellow Brits to remain tolerant and not blame all Muslims for the sins of two madmen . Another bright spot : At a smaller EDL protest in York , Muslims invited the protesters into their mosque and found some common ground in a properly British way , with tea and cookies and an impromptu game of soccer . But why did n't we see an angry anti-Muslim backlash in the United States after the Boston bombings killed and injured so many more people ? A few reasons . Not only did the American-Muslim community quickly denounce the Boston bombing , but people of other faiths publicly stood with American-Muslims , including Jewish and Christian leaders in the Boston area . Do n't get me wrong , I 'm not saying all Americans love Muslims . But there 's a difference between not feeling too warmly about a minority group and actually advocating discrimination and hatred and committing violence against them . But the bigger reason we did n't see a backlash like the one in England has to do with who we are as Americans . Our nation 's DNA can be found on the words affixed to the seal of the United States of America : "  E Pluribus Unum " which means "  Out of many , one . " To most Americans , Republicans and Democrats both , these words are more than rhetoric . It 's the promise our Founding Fathers offered , to welcome people from all different backgrounds to become one with us as Americans . America was , and still remains , a melting pot . And since its creation , that melting pot has grown ; it has become bigger , more colorful and more vibrant . Sure , some are troubled by our increasing diversity . We see it in the angry rhetoric from those on the far right toward those who do n't look , pray or act like them . And we regrettably see it in the hate crimes perpetrated against people simply because they are different . We need to look no further than New York City , the "  bluest " city in the "  bluest state , " to see a spike in reports of hate crimes against gays , with 29 so far this year compared with 14 last year . Mark Carson , a gay man , was killed on May 18 while he was walking the streets of Greenwich Village . Carson was murdered simply because of his sexual orientation . We may never be able to end all hate crimes in a nation of more than 300 million people . But we must remain vigilant in countering the voices of intolerance and hatred . The reaction to the Boston bombings , in such marked contrast to England 's reaction to the killing of the soldier , shows we are on the right path . By staying on this path , we will ensure that the United States remains truly exceptional . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : Anti-Muslim backlash in England was severe after a soldier was slain In comparison , he says , the backlash in the U.S. after the Boston bombings was minor He says American Muslims denounced the act and other faiths stood with them Also , he says , the melting pot and "  out of many , one " make up our identity
After the holiday leftovers have disguised themselves in countless sandwich renditions , it 'll be time to put 2013 behind us and look to a new year . Along with 2014 comes a new year for innovation , and where else to look for smart design than the budding projects on Kickstarter ? We browsed some techie Kickstarter projects and picked our favorites that are nearing funding or were just recently funded . Most will begin delivery in early 2014 , but many of these projects are slated to deliver later in December as well . So , if you still have names to cross off on your gift list , take a look at some of these gadgets for your tech-oriented friends . From controlling the temperature of your house with a swipe of your hand to coding a website by simply drawing a design , 2014 is starting to look like a futuristic year already . 1 . Peg - Organizational Board Sometimes it only takes a simple idea to get your life organized . Peg is an aluminum , perforated board that can hold anything you want . The board comes with smaller pegs that you can customize and put on the Peg board to hold your belongings , such as a smartphone , keys or jewelry . It can also act as a stand for your mobile devices . Funding for the project is over , but Peg 's creators will be taking pre-orders soon . 2 . FlyKly Smart Wheel - Electronic Bicycle Wheel Install the Smart Wheel onto your bike and you 'll ride effortlessly wherever you go . The motorized wheel turns on when you start pedaling . The wheel syncs to a native app , and you can even set the top speed of the Smart Wheel , up to 20 mph . You can also lock the wheel from the app , which can track your bike if it gets stolen . The Smart Wheel also comes with the Smart Light , which is not only a bike light but also a phone holder and charger . You can pre-order the Smart Wheel for $ 590 for delivery in mid-2014 . 3 . MiStand - Phone and Tablet Stand Unlike other tablet stands , the aluminum MiStand has fluid 3D rotation that allows you to orient your tablet or phone however you want . The stand has micro-suction pads that easily attach to your tablet and allow for easy removal . The MiStand is perfect for browsing , displaying and gaming , and the 3D rotation turns your tablet into a flexible device . You can pre-order the MiStand for delivery in late 2013 or early 2014 . 4 . Ninja Sphere - Device Tracker The Ninja Sphere allows you to control your environment and keep track of the things in your life . You can connect devices and pet trackers to the sphere so that it tracks them in your house . The sphere can also monitor temperature , lighting and energy usage so you can turn appliances off when not in use . With a synced app , you 'll also receive notifications when someone moves your valuables within your house . You can control the sphere with gestures for a more natural way to interact with your environment . Finally , Ninja Blocks , the creators behind the device , hope to make the entire system open source so that users can write and share their own drivers . The Ninja Sphere is fully funded , but the Kickstarter still has until January . 5 . Touch Board - Interactive Sensor Board The Touch Board is a control center to make anything interactive and responsive . The board has touch and distance sensing , works with conductive material and is Arduino-compatible . It also has MIDI device and MicroSD card sockets so you can change out the sounds as you like . With the Touch Board , you can make touch sensors , interactive books , musical instruments and many other possibilities . The board is open source , so you can do your own programming , but it 's also friendly for non-programmers . The project recently received full funding , but you can now pre-order your own board . 6 . Macaw - Visual Web Design Tool You do n't need to know code to build a website . Macaw is a visual web design tool that lets you code without actually typing out code . The app has an image editor and a design-to-code engine so that you can "  draw " out your site layout and the app will do the coding for you . The layout is fluid as well , so you can move your elements around as you please . Macaw also makes it easy to make responsive designs and add interactivity to your site . The project is already fully funded on Kickstarter , so keep an eye out for the official launch . 7 . Fuse - Car App Fuse connects you to the data within your car . A small device connects to your car 's diagnostics outlet and syncs with an app that gives you all of your car 's data , such as location and fuel level . With this information , you can organize carpools more easily , track your trips for stops and costs , and even keep tabs on your teen driver . The app can also track your fuel usage and will let you know when your car needs maintenance . The app transmits the data into secure cloud storage so you can keep track of your car 's information . The project is already fully funded , but you can pre-order Fuse . 8 . Micron - Timelapse Device Micron makes timelapses easy for any skill-level . The device plugs into your camera and syncs to a native app . Once you attach the device to your camera , you can program the timelapse using the app . There 's an auto setting for beginners , but advanced users can also customize settings for interval ramping , bulb ramping and HDR bracketing . You can also use Micron for stop motion and photo-stitching . The project is fully funded , but the Kickstarter will end later in December . 9 . Drone - Portable Gaming Controller If you 're an avid gamer , the Drone portable gaming controller might come in handy . The size of a smartphone , the controller is small enough to fit into your pocket , allowing you to bring it anywhere . The best part is that the controller can connect to any number of Bluetooth devices , including smartphones , tablets and laptops . The Kickstarter is fully funded , but you can pre-order the Drone gaming controller . 10 . Neptune Pine - Smartwatch The Neptune Pine claims to be a standalone device so that the smartwatch will be the only device you 'll need -- without any attachment to a smartphone . From Pine , you can conduct voice calls and video chat , take pictures , use a built-in GPS , and text via a full keyboard . You can even browse the web with 3G and WiFi . Pine also has built-in trackers , such as a pedometer and accelerometer , so that you can use it to track your steps and get analytics . The watch face is easily removable so you can attach it to other objects and devices . The project is already fully funded , but the Kickstarter will end later in December . 11 . Slate - Portable Laptop Desk The Slate Mobile AirDesk is an ergonomic way to use your laptop wherever you go . The desk is made from lightweight , eco-friendly bamboo and has both a built-in mousepad and a display dock for your phone or tablet . Along with holes for air ventilation , it 's an easy solution to the age-old problem of heat burn from your laptop . The project is fully funded , but the Kickstarter will be end later in December . 12 . Dartstrip - Magnetic Display Tape Dartstrip makes it simple for you to put up a display system anywhere . The strip is magnetic on one side and sticky on the other . You can rip off a desired length of Dartstrip and stick it on any material . The package also comes with a set of magnets so you can put up whatever you want , from photos to posters . Funding for the project is over , but you can pre-order your own disc of Dartstrip over at Dartstrip.com . 13 . Infoactive - Infographics Web App As more and more people start to use infographics for storytelling , it 's important to display information accurately and in a useful way . Infoactive is a web app that allows anyone to build interactive , dynamic and responsive infographics , without any prior knowledge . You can upload a dataset and the app will intelligently determine a useful , graphical way to present the data , from charts to maps . The infographic also updates with live datasets . While the Kickstarter still has a couple of days left , the project is already completely funded . 14 . Python Cords - MacBook Charger Protection If you 're tired of paying for your third MacBook charger , maybe it 's time to invest in a Python Cord . The small contraption made of silicone fastens on to the joint of your charger and spreads the stress over a greater mass , so there 's a lesser chance of your charger cord breaking . The best part is that the first few batches of Python Cords are only going for $ 8 each . While the funding period for the project is over , you can check out Python Cords at PythonCords.com .	It has been a great year of crowdfunded projects on Kickstarter 2014 is already promising to bring plenty of exciting gadgets We take a look at some of the best projects that will be vying for your attention in the coming year
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Several hundred protesters were gathered in the center of Tunisia 's capital Sunday as riot police stood guard . Members of the Army and military vehicles were also deployed on the main street outside the country 's interior ministry . After police fired occasional tear gas canisters into the crowd , groups of young protesters fled and then returned . Some younger protesters threw stones at police , but older men gathered among the group urged them to calm down . On Saturday authorities imposed an overnight curfew in the capital and surrounding areas following a weekend of protests against the interim government and security forces , state media reported . The latest protests come amid growing concerns among Tunisians that their demands for democratic rule are not being met . Protesters are calling for the continuation of the democratization process , fundamental reforms , and a return to the ideals of the Tunisian revolution . On Saturday protesters called for the resignation of the interior minister as they chanted , "  The people call for a new revolution " and "  No fear or terror , power belongs to the people , " Agence Tunis Afrique Presse reported . Authorities said the curfew , which will run nightly from 9 p.m to 5 a.m. , will prevent looting and protect citizens , the government said . Protests in Arab countries started in Tunisia when an unemployed college graduate set himself on fire after police confiscated his fruit cart and cutting off his source of income . The act sparked massive demonstrations over high unemployment , government corruption and political repression , and led autocratic President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali to leave the country in January . CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	NEW : Police fire occasional tear gas canisters into the crowd , protesters throw stones Police and military are deployed in Tunis as protesters gather Authorities impose an overnight curfew on Tunis and surrounding areas Protests in Arab nations started in Tunisia after a fruit cart vendor set himself on fire
CNN  -- Hundreds turned out in two Saudi Arabian cities Friday to protest on what had been billed as a "  day of rage , " according to activists , though a planned demonstration in the Middle Eastern nation 's capital failed to materialize . The protests -- both made up largely of Shiite Muslims calling for the release of Shiite prisoners -- occurred despite a Saudi government ban on all kinds of public demonstrations . Demonstrators in Hofuf , a city about 300 kilometers  185 miles  east of the Saudi capital of Riyadh , began their march after Friday prayers , two activists told CNN . They asked not to be identified because of security concerns and fear of reprisals . Three demonstrators were arrested by Saudi security forces , the activists said . The streets of Qatif , a predominantly Shiite city in eastern Saudi Arabia where several protests have taken place in recent days , were quiet early Friday . Ibrahim al-Mugaiteeb , a Saudi human rights activist , told CNN that he saw "  no people in the streets and virtually no security presence . " But by Friday night , about 200 people were out demonstrating near Qatif , according to a Shiite activist . Saudi security forces were out and observed them , but there were no apparent arrests as the march ended peacefully . In the Saudi capital , Mohammed al-Qahtani , who heads the Saudi Civil and Political Rights Association , told CNN that authorities had set up checkpoints on roads leading to the planned staging ground north of Riyadh near a courthouse . "  So far , I 'm seeing no protesters out there , " he said earlier Friday . These demonstrations came a day after more than 100 people had gathered in Qatif , according to two witnesses and an activist . At some point , the witnesses said , Saudi security forces shot to disperse the crowd . It was unknown if the forces fired rubber bullets or more lethal ammunition . Those injured were taken to Qatif Central Hospital for treatment , the activist and witnesses said . A human rights group in Saudi Arabia condemned the action , calling the use of force by police "  deplorable . " "  The group  condemns , with the loudest and clearest words , the use of all kinds of force to disperse demonstrators particularly when live ammunition was used last night against the demonstrators in Qatif , " the Human Rights First Society said in a statement released Friday . Last week , about 24 protesters were detained in Qatif as they denounced "  the prolonged detention " of nine Shiite prisoners held without trial for more than 14 years , Amnesty International said . The protests in Saudi Arabia come as unrest brews in parts of the Middle East and North Africa and has caused major changes in places like Egypt and Tunisia . Some in the majority Sunni kingdom have followed similar demands across the Arab world for more freedom and democracy . Still , one expert said he would be surprised if the demonstrations gained traction among the Saudi majority , noting that there does not appear to a high level of animosity toward the nation 's rulers as there are in other countries . "  The big difference is that people in Saudi Arabia do n't want a revolution to happen -- they just want more reforms and liberalization , " said Christopher Boucek , a Saudi expert with the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace think tank . "  I really think the vast majority of the people there , no matter what they think of the government , they probably like the King , " he added . "  King Abdullah is still very popular . " CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	NEW : Scores of people protest in Hofuf and 3 are arrested , two activists say NEW : Another protest takes place in the eastern city of Qatif , an activist says The protests came a day after three people were hurt in other demonstrations An analyst says the Saudi king is still popular and he does n't expect a revolt
CNN  -- The CEO of a top research firm did n't mince words about Apple in a new blog post . "  Apple will decline in the post Steve Jobs era , " wrote George Colony , CEO of Forrester Research . "  Here 's why . " The iPhone and iPad maker will coast for two to four years on its current momentum , Colony said ; but Jobs , who died in October , left a void because his successor , Apple CEO Tim Cook , does n't possess his star power . " -LSB- W -RSB- ithout the arrival of a new charismatic leader it will move from being a great company to being a good company , with a commensurate step down in revenue growth and product innovation , " Colony wrote . An Apple spokesman declined to comment for this story . The fade Colony describes does n't appear to be on the immediate horizon . This week , Apple reported doubling its profits in the first three months of the year , largely on the strength of the 35.1 million iPhones it sold  a number that far exceeded predictions  . The company said it also sold 4 million Mac computers , 11.8 million iPads and 7.7 million iPods during the quarter . Colony predicted that Apple 's long-term fate will mirror that of onetime industry leaders like Sony and Kodak when they lost enigmatic leaders , or Disney in the 20 years after Walt Disney 's death . In his post Wednesday , Colony described Apple in almost religious terms . "  Charismatic organizations are run by people with ` the gift of grace , ' " he wrote , citing sociologist Max Weber . But when that leader is gone , shifting to a more bureaucratic leader  which works for some organizations  does n't translate well , he wrote . "  In charismatic organizations , the magical leader must be succeeded by another charismatic -- the emotional connection of employees and  in the case of Apple  customers demands it , " Colony said . "  Apple has chosen a proven and competent executive to succeed Jobs . But his legal/bureaucratic approach will prove to be a mismatch for an organization that feeds off the gift of grace . " Colony pointed to Apple executives Jon Ive and Scott Forstall as being better suited to run the company , saying they appear to possess the charisma and design sense to "  legitimately " lead Apple . Forrester is a global technology research company founded by Colony in 1983 and is considered a leader in analyzing the technology industry .	Forrester CEO says Apple needs a charismatic leader like Steve Jobs Company will coast two to four years on its momentum , then fade , he wrote He says shifting to a more bureaucratic leader wo n't work well for Apple
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo has claimed the referee "  did n't let " his Real Madrid team win Tuesday 's European Champions League semifinal second leg against archrivals Barcelona . Real could only draw 1-1 at the Camp Nou , losing 3-1 on aggregate after last week 's controversial 2-0 defeat to Barca in Madrid which left both clubs facing charges from ruling body UEFA . It was the two teams ' fourth meeting in 18 days -- clashes known as "  El Clasico " -- and tensions between the clubs have become strained in that period , with allegations of foul play and racism being made . There was further controversy on Tuesday , when Real saw a 48th-minute goal from Argentina forward Gonzalo Higuain ruled out by referee Frank de Bleeckere after Ronaldo was adjudged to have fouled Javier Mascherano . Barca held but go through to Champions League final "  Once again it was the referee that did n't allow us to dictate the outcome , " Ronaldo , who became the world 's most expensive player when he moved to the Bernabeu from Manchester United in 2009 , told Real 's official website . "  We knew we could beat Barca , but the referee did n't let us . Higuain 's goal was good . Pique pushed me and I landed on Mascherano . He did n't used to fall to the ground in England , but he 's picked up the bad habit of doing it here like everyone else . " Josep Guardiola 's Barca took the lead on the night when Spain forward Pedro coolly converted after a pass from compatriot Andres Iniesta on 54 minutes . Real , without head coach Jose Mourinho after he was sent to the stands in the first leg , equalized through Brazil 's Marcelo in the 65th minute following a shot from Angel Di Maria that rattled the post . Los Blancos were left frustrated after last week 's first leg , when they felt Portugal defender Pepe was wrongly dismissed for a challenge on Dani Alves . Has the time arrived for change in football ? "  The referee in the first match took away our chances of playing the final , " Pepe 's fellow Portugal international Ronaldo said . "  Whoever knows anything about football knows that Barcelona get preferential treatment . We knew something would happen . We knew that if we scored a goal that everything would be done to keep us from going through . "  This is n't good for football . We should just stay home and allow Barcelona to play alone if things do n't change . " Guardiola has guided the Catalan club to the second final in Europe 's premier club competition under his stewardship and a third in five years . Barca secured the first of three Champions League triumphs at London 's Wembley Stadium in 1992 , a match Guardiola played in , and will return to the rebuilt venue for the May 28 showpiece . "  Taking into account what these players have come through , it 's incredible , " the 40-year-old told UEFA 's website . "  They just keep going and going . I give my thanks to every one of them ; what they have achieved is beyond definition . We won our first European Cup in Wembley and now we are going in search of our fourth . " Barca look likely to face Manchester United in a repeat of the 2009 final in Rome , after the English Premier League leaders defeated German outfit Schalke 2-0 in their semifinal first-leg tie on April 26 . The two teams meet again at United 's Old Trafford on Wednesday . "  I 'm not sure who we will face but I imagine it will be Manchester United , " Guardiola said . "  I think Alex Ferguson is always there , in the Champions League or Premier League , competing for titles . It would be an honor for me , a young coach , to reach the final against him . "	Cristiano Ronaldo says referee did not let Real Madrid beat Barcelona Real lost 3-1 on aggregate to Barca in Champions League semifinal after 1-1 draw Madrid had a goal disallowed after Ronaldo was ruled to have fouled in the build-up Barca coach Josep Guardiola thanks his players for victory over their rivals
Washington  CNN  -- Ralph Nader floated the idea this week that a primary challenge to President Obama will help the president and the country . He is flat-out wrong . His views are based on a faulty premise and a myth . We will start with the faulty premise and get to the myth later . Remember back to 2000 , when Nader himself ran as a third-party candidate ? He 's not proposing that here -- at least not yet -- but it 's important to remember what happens when Nader gets involved in challenging a Democrat . In 2000 , he siphoned enough votes from Al Gore in Florida to swing the election to President Bush . It gave us eight years of Bush-Cheney politics and policies . If Nader were being honest with himself , he 'd look to 2000 as an example of what the consequences can be for the country and progressive causes when progressives do n't stick together . A primary challenge could further divide the party and possibly dampen Democratic enthusiasm . These races could erode our ability to reach swing voters , who are crucial to electoral viability , by forcing candidates to draw a sharper contrast on issues than necessary to win an election . On most issues , Nader agrees with the Democrats more than the Republicans . By running as an independent and drawing votes in Florida that might otherwise have gone to Gore , Nader helped usher in eight of the worst years our country has ever seen . Bush ignored or trampled on Nader 's major concerns . Look at the record : Bush took President Clinton 's budget surplus and squandered it . He used part of the surplus to offset the costs of his tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans . He used the rest to begin funding an elective war in Iraq . Bush policies allowed predatory lenders to dupe families seeking mortgages for homes . Wall Street bankers got the green light to play by their own rules . Bush created the bubble that burst and continues to rain on us . Bush policies cost millions of Americans their jobs . Middle class workers watched as their wages stagnated . They looked on helplessly as corporate executives reaped obese compensation . Obama took over an economy that was shedding 750,000 jobs every month . He came into office with the nation in two wars and with crumbling bridges and superhighways , a health insurance system financially crippling middle class families , plus multiple other domestic maladies . We will be dealing with the repercussions of Bush 's eight years for generations . And Nader thinks a primary challenge is a good idea ? The question is for whom ? Primary challenges against moderates or centrist candidates work both ways . Does Nader suppose the primary challenges in November that wiped out veteran moderate Republican legislators and left the national GOP where it is today -- with energized extreme right-wing purists almost in control -- was good ? Does he really want to be the Democratic Party 's equivalent of a tea party purist ? Nader knows there is another progressive activist : Cornel West , who also seeks to stir a primary challenge against Obama . West has honest but debatable differences with President Obama . He rightly should challenge every politician to wage a battle against poverty and injustice in the United States . I see no reason for West to go beyond his rhetorical challenge to the president to address these issues and hold every elected official more accountable to the middle class and working poor . Here 's "  the myth " : Nader 's and West 's advocacy of primary challenges is based on the premise that Obama neither speaks to nor fights for progressive ideals . They 're wrong . Look at what Obama has done , with pit bull opposition fighting him inch by inch . Obama repeatedly called for a tax system in which all people pay their fair share , including the wealthiest Americans . The steep deficit cut Obama proposed this week mandates even-handed taxing and closes the tax loopholes that CEOs use to slide by with paying taxes at lower rates than their own secretaries do . Our country witnessed the end of "  do n't ask , do n't tell " this week . That finally allows brave men and women to serve openly and proudly in our armed forces , regardless of their sexual orientation . In less than 30 months , the president signed health insurance reform that expanded everyone 's access to quality , affordable health care . He outlawed the use of those so-called pre-existing conditions that forced many Americans to go without health insurance or pay exorbitant premiums . He signed the Fair Pay Act to end workplace discrimination and to ensure that women receive equal pay for equal work . He appointed two highly qualified women , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan , to the Supreme Court . For the first time in our history , there are three female justices . The question facing progressives is not whether Obama should have a primary challenger . Rather , it is : Do they want to return to the disastrous economic and social policies advocated by the tea party and the Republican presidential candidates today ? As Gore 's former campaign manager , no one knows more than I do what the consequences are of efforts like Nader 's . If he and West care about the progressive causes they purport to hold dear , they wo n't , still once again , risk putting another Republican -- and perhaps another swashbuckling governor from Texas -- in the White House . America can not afford to go backward . It 's time progressives unite for change we all believe in . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Ralph Nader suggested Obama should face primary challenge Donna Brazile says Nader should beware creating Democratic disunity She says his candidacy in 2000 took key votes away from Al Gore Brazile : Progressives should unite to prevent GOP victory in 2012
CNN  -- Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad looks more isolated with each passing day as his regime continues a bloody eight-month crackdown on pro-democracy protests . His Arab neighbors signaled their displeasure with him this week by suspending Syria from the Arab League , a stinging blow for a nation that sees itself at the heart of Arab concerns . Jordan 's King Abdullah went a step further , telling the BBC he would step down if he were al-Assad , an unusually blunt assessment that followed Western calls for al-Assad to go . And Turkey , formerly an important ally and trading partner , threatened to cut off electricity supplies to Syria as the European Union moved this week to extend sanctions against more members of al-Assad 's circle . This week , the conflict inside Syria entered a new era when army defectors attacked pro-government targets . That ratcheted up the pressure even more -- the Russian foreign minister was widely quoted as saying attacks on government buildings in Syria resembled "  civil war . " So can al-Assad cling to power ? Or will he become the fourth leader forced from office in the Arab Spring , following in the footsteps of ousted leaders of Egypt , Libya and Tunisia ? Analysts say that the odds are stacked against Syria 's president . Steven A. Cook , Hasib J. Sabbagh senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations , said it is hard to predict what might come next for al-Assad -- but the pressure is on . "  The kind of traditional support he had externally is clearly crumbling , " Cook said . "  His prospects this week are worse than they were last week . " Emile Hokayem , senior fellow for regional security at the Bahrain office of the International Institute for Strategic Studies , thinks it highly unlikely al-Assad will hang on to power . Three main factors will likely contribute to the downfall of Syria 's president after 11 years in power , he said . One is that he has lost legitimacy in the eyes of his own people . "  It 's hard to see how he would recover his legitimacy after killing almost 4,000 of his countrymen , " said Hokayem . The United Nations puts the toll of deaths at well over 3,500 since protests began . Second is the economy , as sanctions imposed by the West and Turkey start to bite . This matters , said Hokayem , because al-Assad may struggle to keep the support of the country 's urban and business elites in Damascus and Aleppo if the economy is failing . The third factor is security , despite al-Assad 's mobilization of the military . Unlike previous challenges to the al-Assad regime , "  this time it 's the Syrian people leading it and very clearly regime change is their goal and they are not going to accept anything less , " Hokayem said . Shashank Joshi , an associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security Studies  RUSI  , also doubts al-Assad will survive -- but says it is far from clear what might follow . The Arab League 's decision to suspend Syria , after Damascus failed to abide by a peace deal that had been brokered earlier with the 22-nation league , signals a shift in views that would have looked extremely unlikely even a month ago , he says . The regime 's military is also increasingly over-extended as those fighting against it find footholds in Lebanese and Turkish soil , he said . Turkey might also choose to intervene more directly , perhaps by creating a buffer zone along its long border with Syria or providing weapons to the rebels , he said . At this point , descent into civil war could be as likely a scenario as a clean change of regime at the top , he said . Nonetheless , Joshi cautioned against thinking the 46-year-old 's grip on power will be loosened immediately , pointing to the example of Iraq 's former dictator , Saddam Hussein . In 1991 , he said , Hussein had just lost a major war , had two no-fly zones , U.N. sanctions and an oil embargo imposed on his country , was facing an enormous Shia uprising in the south , and endured overwhelming diplomatic isolation . "  And yet he survived for 12 years , " Joshi said . "  Regimes that are used to being isolated , that are used to being under sanctions and under pressure , can be extremely resilient . " Joshi also points out that while al-Assad may well be forced out , that does n't necessarily mean the regime will fall with him . Bashar al-Assad is not as well entrenched as was his father , the late President Hafez al-Assad , who ruled with an iron fist for three decades -- and it 's possible other members of his ruling Alawite sect might decide to throw their hat in with his brother Maher , an army commander , or parts of the military instead , Joshi said . "  They might even decide to get rid of Bashar al-Assad to save themselves , and portray it as a concession , or compromise , " he said . He cites the example of Egypt , where the Arab Spring uprising may have forced President Hosni Mubarak from power in February but the military leadership has not yet handed over power to a democratically elected government . Salman Shaikh , director of the Brookings Doha Center , also predicts that al-Assad will eventually go -- but that his regime will cling on for as long as possible , with Syria following the example of Libya rather than that of Tunisia , where ousted President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali fled to Saudi Arabia . Shaikh sees "  the makings of a very powerful coalition " lined up against al-Assad , uniting the Arab nations , Turkey , the United States and Europe , which could move "  quite forcefully " to sanctions . And al-Assad has few friends to whom he can turn for help . One key question is how long Syria can still count on the support of Russia , a historic ally and a major arms supplier to Damascus . Moscow , which sold $ 3.8 billion of weapons to Syria last year -- 10 % of its total arms sales , is "  giving a lifeline " to al-Assad at the moment , said Shaikh , largely by delaying international action . If Moscow opposes efforts to impose U.N. Security Council sanctions on Syria , as anticipated , international efforts to present a unified stance -- as on NATO action to protect civilians in Libya -- will be thwarted . "  The same action can be viewed as a just war or an act of imperial aggression depending on whether Russia allows a U.N. resolution to be passed , " Joshi said . Germany , France and Britain will hand in a draft U.N. resolution Thursday condemning the Syrian government 's actions , a German diplomatic spokesman in New York told CNN on Wednesday . Diplomats from Arab countries are considering co-sponsoring the resolution . An attempt this week by a Syrian opposition group to persuade Russian officials to shift their position and demand al-Assad 's resignation appears to have gone nowhere , with Moscow instead reiterating a call for peaceful dialogue to resolve the situation . China also has a history of opposing U.N action but appears at the moment to be hedging its bets on Syria , probably in the interests of stability in the region , Joshi added . Iran has in the past few days given a strong statement of support for al-Assad , Shaikh of the Brookings Doha Center said , but Tehran may still in the end be pragmatic and seek to build ties with the Syrian opposition . Perhaps the biggest danger ahead , the analysts say , is that whether al-Assad goes or not , Syria is teetering on the brink of civil war , as opposition elements such as the Free Syrian army turn to arms to combat pro-government forces . Such violence lessens the chance of a peaceful resolution to the uprising and smooth shift to democracy -- and will undoubtedly lead to greater loss of life . "  We are entering into a new phase now in the Syrian situation , " said Shaikh . "  We are seeing a greater militarization . "  I think the window for an orderly transition is over and now it will be a mixture of international pressure and whatever support is given to these protesters and even those fighting against the regime . "  The main game for the foreseeable future will focus on the protection of civilians , and measures to ensure that , as we saw in the Libyan case . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	The Arab Spring has forced three leaders from power so far Syria 's president could go , too , some analysts say Unrest that has roiled Syria for months took a turn this week Syria 's Arab neighbors have joined the West in criticizing the Syrian leader
CNN  -- A fire at a karaoke bar and discotheque in Medan , in Indonesia 's North Sumatra province , killed at least 20 people Friday night , according to a hospital . At least two people survived , according to Aida Sofiati of the Pringadi Hospital in Medan . Sofiati said 20 people were killed . Mohammad Zein , a fire official , said the blaze started around 10 p.m. , but firefighters were able to extinguish it within a half-hour . He said the cause of the fire was not known .	Blaze hits karaoke bar and discotheque in Medan , in North Sumatra province Medan hospital official says at least two people survived Fire official : Fire started around 10 p.m. , was extinguished within half-hour ; cause is n't known
CNN  -- China spoke out strongly Sunday against a meeting between U.S. President Barack Obama and the Dalai Lama , saying it "  hurt the feelings of the Chinese people and harmed Sino-U.S. relations . " "  This action seriously interfered with China 's internal affairs , " said Ma Zhaoxu , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry , in a statement , adding that officials have lodged formal complaints with their U.S. counterparts in Beijing and Washington . Obama met with the Dalai Lama on Saturday in Washington , commending the Tibetan spiritual leader on his commitment to nonviolence and pursuit of the "  Middle Way " approach with China , the White House said in a statement . During the closed-door visit at the White House , Obama stressed the U.S. policy that "  Tibet is a part of the People 's Republic of China and the United States does not support independence for Tibet , " the White House said . In the nearly 45-minute meeting , the president voiced support for "  direct dialogue " between China and Tibet as a way to peace , the statement said . "  The Dalai Lama stated that he is not seeking independence for Tibet and hopes that dialogue between his representatives and the Chinese government can soon resume , " the White House said . American support of the Dalai Lama has long been a subject of contention in U.S.-China relations . Chinese officials view the religious leader as a separatist . The issue of Tibet is one that "  involves China 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said in a statement released before the meeting . "  We oppose foreign leaders meeting with the Dalai Lama in any format . " The strong objection to the meeting continued after it was over . "  By allowing the Dalai Lama to visit the U.S. and arranging the top leader to meet him , the United States has seriously violated basic principles of international relations and its own repeated solemn pledges , and harmed Sino-U.S. relations , " Ma 's statement said . "  China therefore expresses its strong indignation and firm opposition . " The statement concluded by calling on the U.S. "  to take China 's solemn and just stance seriously , and adopt immediate measures to eliminate adverse consequences . " The president last met with his fellow Nobel Peace laureate in February 2010 . The Dalai Lama expressed hopes that his relationship with China can improve , with U.S. help . The current Dalai Lama is also known by the name Tenzin Gyatso . He was born in 1935 in modern-day Qinghai , China . The term "  Dalai Lama " is a Buddhist religious title . In traditional Tibetan belief , the title is given to those who are the reincarnations of a line of revered religious teachers . The current Dalai Lama is considered the 14th in this line . The Dalai Lama has been in Washington on an 11-day visit . He has conducted a mass ritual for Buddhists and met with several lawmakers on Capitol Hill . CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This action seriously interfered with China 's internal affairs , " spokesman says Obama pushes for ` direct dialogue ' between Dalai Lama , Chinese U.S. does not support independence for Tibet , White House says Dalal Lama is visiting U.S. lawmakers in Washington on an 11-day trip
Honoring the legacy of a former president he 's barely mentioned previously , President Barack Obama on Thursday cast Lyndon B. Johnson 's push to end legal segregation as a factor in his own ascension to the White House . Obama joined three other living presidents in marking the 50th anniversary of the Civil Rights Act , and the movement that spurred its signing , at Johnson 's presidential library in Austin . The landmark measure , signed in 1964 , made it illegal to discriminate based on race , outlawing for the first time segregation at lunch counters , buses , and other public spots . "  Because of the Civil Rights movement , because of the laws President Johnson signed , new doors of opportunity and education swung open for everybody , " Obama said . "  They swung open for you , and they swung open for me . And that 's why I 'm standing here today -- because of those efforts , because of that legacy . " Johnson , the nation 's 36th president , became an unlikely hero to the civil rights movement by using his stores of political capital to pressure lawmakers to pass the legislation -- an effort initiated by President John F. Kennedy and continued by Johnson after Kennedy 's assassination . Johnson was n't above horse trading and flattery to achieve his goals , Obama said . "  Passing laws was what Lyndon Baines Johnson knew how to do , " Obama said . "  No one knew politics and no one loved legislating more than President Johnson . " Johnson 's descendants hope to turn his legacy toward that of a civil rights pioneer , rather than the President who presided over the Vietnam War . The fight was personal for Johnson , who 'd grown up in the Southwest amid racial inequality . The four-day Civil Rights Summit in Austin was meant partly to change shift Johnson 's legacy toward civil rights . Legends of the movement like Rep. John Lewis and singer Mavis Staples appeared directly ahead of Obama . Music played before the event -- Bob Dylan , Sam Cooke , Crosby , Stills , Nash and Young -- evoked the tumult of the era . Obama has said as the first African-American president that he 's indebted to civil rights leaders , though during his time in office he has not spoken frequently about his place in the movement 's history . He 's spoken even less about Johnson 's legacy . Thursday 's speech marked one of the first times he 's even made reference to a predecessor who had a long career in the Senate and served in the White House from 1963 to 1969 . Other predecessors -- including Republicans Ronald Reagan and Richard Nixon -- have all been used in speeches more often . That changed during Obama 's remarks , which effusively praised a man whose major pieces of legislation -- including the Civil Rights Act , the Voting Rights Act , and the laws that created Medicare and Medicaid -- reflect a staunchly liberal agenda Obama himself has attempted to emulate . "  What President Johnson understood was that equality required more than the absence of oppression . It required the presence of economic opportunity , " Obama said , co-opting a phrase he 's taken as a rallying cry during his second term . "  A decent job . Decent wages . Health care . Those too were civil rights worth fighting for . " In the last year , Obama has begun speaking more often about race , though the topic is by no means a frequent part of his speeches and remarks . He addressed the issue in deeply personal terms following a jury 's acquittal of the man accused of killing black teenager Trayvon Martin , and earlier this year the President spoke about the challenges that young men of color face in today 's society . Many suspect Obama will use his post-presidential years to focus on the issue . While race is n't a common theme for Obama , combating inequality has become the central tenant of his second term agenda , through his push to close the gap between rich and poor and his efforts in closing the wage gap between men and women . He also makes regular references to ending discrimination against gays and lesbians , and has come out in support of same-sex marriage . Facing a Republican-controlled House of Representatives , his legislative efforts on those issues have thus far come up short -- leading to some negative comparisons between Obama and Johnson , the so-called "  master of the Senate . " Those comparisons ignore Johnson 's later tenure , Obama claimed last year in an interview with The New Yorker . "  When he lost that historic majority , and the glow of that landslide victory faded , he had the same problems with Congress that most presidents at one point or another have , " Obama told the magazine 's editor , David Remnick . "  I say that not to suggest that I 'm a master wheeler-dealer but , rather , to suggest that there are some structural institutional realities to our political system that do n't have much to do with schmoozing . " That historical reflection was absent in Thursday 's speech , though Obama did contend the debate in which Johnson was embroiled still raged . "  Today we remain locked in this same great debate about equality and opportunity , and the role of government in ensuring each , " he said , declaring the government , and the presidency , were meant to try and affect change in peoples ' lives . Obama said in remarks at the Civil Rights Summit that Johnson possessed a unique grasp of the power of government to bring about change , and used his office and his enormous legislative skills to get what he wanted . Obama said Johnson "  fought for " and "  bullied " and "  persuaded " until the Civil Rights Act was signed into law . "  And he did n't stop there , " he said , using the legislation as a springboard for other sweeping changes . Many doubt 1964 Civil Rights Act could pass today Has the Roberts court placed landmark 1964 civil rights law on a hit list ? Column : Lessons from my father , LBJ	Obama honors the Civil Rights Act , a measure that helped pave his way to the White House . He was joined by 3 other living presidents to commemorate the act and Civil Rights Movement Over the past year or so , Obama has begun to speak out more on race ; inequality Obama 's legislative efforts on those issues have come up short in GOP-controlled House
CNN  -- The Yankee soldier , who had meager possessions , must have been proud of his ring and its distinctive diamond-shaped centerpiece . Somehow , the size-11 ring was lost , discarded or left behind , only to be swallowed by the earth on a rise near Millen , Georgia . Untouched by human hands for nearly 150 years , the ring recently was discovered by archaeology students who have unearthed more artifacts at the site of Camp Lawton , a Civil War stockade and prison . The Georgia Southern University team is finding personal items that will help tell the desperate story of Union soldiers who tried to stay alive while food was scarce and disease rampant . "  The camp is as rich in information as we thought it was , " said Kevin Chapman , a graduate student who last spring found the first of what promises to be an astounding yield of artifacts . The university in Statesboro Thursday unveiled more than a dozen of the 60 to 70 items uncovered last month . The school 's museum also has acquired what 's believed to be the only surviving letter from a prisoner at the short-lived camp . The recent finds include a pocketknife , buckle , a Michigan-made token used for trading and a couple of keys . The man 's ring and a uniform or cap badge were found within 10 feet of each other , according to Chapman . The badge also includes a diamond feature . The Georgia Southern team believes the diamonds may represent the Union 's III Corps , which saw action in numerous battles , including Fredericksburg and Gettysburg , before a reorganization in March 1864 saw it merged with other units . The corps used a diamond on its flags and insignia . "  They were so proud of their service they wore badges long after it disbanded , " Chapman said of the III Corps veterans . Chapman says if that portion of the camp is shown to have housed veterans of the III Corps , descendants may one day be able to gaze at the precise spot where an ancestor lived . "  You can touch that ground and connect to 150 years before , " he told CNN . Chapman found the precise location of the slave-built stockade last year and , in the soil beneath tall pine trees , the first of nearly 300 artifacts recovered at the site of the Confederacy 's largest prison . The first find was detailed this time last year by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , the Georgia Department of Natural Resources and Georgia Southern University . The prisoner artifacts were located on federal property -- the Bo Ginn National Fish Hatchery . The camp 's location also extends into state property , the adjoining Magnolia Springs State Park , where the Confederate commissary , hospital and commander quarters existed . Only archaeologists and other officials are allowed on the fenced-in dig site on the hatchery grounds . This discovery of so many Civil War-era items -- including a smoking pipe , uniform buttons , a picture frame , coins , utensils , bullets and objects fashioned by Union prisoners -- is unparalleled for many reasons , archaeologists said . Civil War prisoner 's letter : ` Hopeing the scene may soon change ' With the exception of a farmer 's plow 100 years ago , the 42 acres about 80 miles northwest of Savannah have been largely untouched . That includes being missed by relic hunters and looters who , federal officials say , "  are both thieves of time . " Over the years , people have picked clean known Civil War sites , including the notorious Andersonville prison site in west-central Georgia . Camp Lawton was built to help ease Andersonville 's overcrowding . The site 's remote location and maps describing it as brushy and overgrown likely saved it from relic hunters , archaeologists said . Some of the artifacts are on display at the Georgia Southern University Museum in Statesboro , about 40 miles south of the camp . The university museum recently purchased a letter written by Cpl. Charles H. Knox to his wife in Schroon Lake , New York . Knox , a member of the 1st Connecticut Cavalry , wrote it only eight days before the camp was evacuated when Union forces approached . Knox expresses hope that he will be part of a prisoner exchange between Union and Confederate forces and advises his wife , Frances , to consider selling the family cow to raise money . "  I am here & shall get out some time & hope that will be soon , but do n't know , " Knox wrote . The horseman was shipped back to Andersonville and not paroled until late February 1865 , near war 's end . Using modern technology along with shovels , prisoner drawings and topographic maps , Chapman pinpointed the prisoner site and found a U.S. cent of a type that was last manufactured in 1858 , six years before Camp Lawton opened . Nails and other items showed that the sloped camp was the living area for nearly 10,000 men who built shelters and lean-tos near Magnolia Springs . Having just survived the scorching 1864 summer , they dug into the earth to shelter them from a cold winter , which included a November snowfall . Then , suddenly , in late November 1864 , the camp was abandoned . The prisoners were taken to other camps , including back to Andersonville , as the Yankees approached during the famous March to the Sea . Archaeologists think that prisoners may have been taken to the depot in Millen in the middle of the night , and were forced to leave behind their camp belongings and thousands of keepsakes from their homes up north . Between 725 and 1,330 men died at the prison camp in the six weeks it existed . Officials said they know the "  general vicinity " of soldier graves , but have no plans to disturb them . Conditions in Northern POW camps often were n't much better . About 3,000 imprisoned Confederates , for example , died in Elmira , New York . "  Some of the saddest part of our history was the handling of prisoners on both sides , " John Derden , professor emeritus of history at East Georgia College in Swainsboro , told CNN last year . There are no known photos of Camp Lawton and few details of the stockade , but a Union mapmaker painted watercolors of the prison . He also kept a 5,000-page journal that included descriptions of the misery at the camp . "  The weather has been rainy and cold at nights , " Pvt. Robert Knox Sneden , who was previously imprisoned at Andersonville , wrote in his diary on November 1 . "  Many prisoners have died from exposure , as not more than half of us have any shelter but a blanket propped upon sticks . ... Our rations have grown smaller in bulk too , and we have the same hunger as of old . " The land slipped into obscurity for about 70 years , when some of it became part of Magnolia Springs State Park . Until last year , a few entrenchments were the only signs of Camp Lawton . That began to change in late June 2010 , when federal officials erected a locked and guarded fence to safeguard the artifacts found at its hatchery . They are working with their Georgia counterparts to ensure the site is not touch by unauthorized individuals . Some coins , tokens and other objects that have been found were made in Europe , and indicate Union regiments made up of soldiers with Irish and German ancestry , Chapman , 37 , said last year . Chapman said the team wants to learn about daily life for Union prisoners and their Confederate keepers . "  Right now we are estimating the limits of the encampment and the prisoner occupation area , " he said Wednesday . "  We are going to continue exploring the Confederate side . " He estimated less than 1 % of the site occupied by prisoners has been surveyed . "  We are just getting our feet in the door , " said Chapman . "  This is once in a lifetime . "	Nearly 300 artifacts have been found in early archaeological investigations The site is unusual in that it has not been picked over by relic hunters Some of the items are on display at Georgia Southern University in Statesboro
CNN  -- Al-Shabaab , an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Somalia , claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at Kenyan mall in September 2013 . Here is a Q and A that looks at this group : What is Al-Shabaab and what are its aims ? Al-Shabaab is a Somali group that was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government in March 2008 . It is seeking to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations , which published a backgrounder on the group in July . The group is believed to be responsible for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers . It has struck abroad , too . It was responsible for the July 2010 suicide bombings in Kampala , Uganda , that killed more than 70 people , including a U.S. citizen , as they gathered to watch a World Cup final soccer match . How big is it ? The total size of the group is not clear . A U.S. official who declined to be identified because of the sensitivity of the information said in 2011 that Al-Shabaab was estimated to control up to 1,000 fighters in the country . A U.N. report identifies one insurgent leader who is "  believed to command an estimated force of between 200 and 500 fighters , " most of them Kenyans . And it has links to other groups . In February 2012 , the group 's leader , Ahmed Abdi aw-Mohamed , and al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri released a video announcing the alliance of the two organizations . Though Al-Shabaab 's size may be in doubt , its potential for sowing terror is not . "  I would say that the greatest risks right now in East Africa are Al-Shabaab and the violent extremists that they represent , " said Gen. Carter Ham in 2011 , when he was commander of the U.S. Africa Command . CNN security analyst : Kenya , Westerners high on Al-Shabaab 's list Al-Shabaab 's origins Decades of weak government amid grinding poverty have long made Somalia a target for radical Islamist groups . Al-Shabaab 's predecessor was al-Ittihad al-Islami  AIAI  , which worked to create an Islamist emirate in Somalia . It was , in part , funded by former al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . AIAI , which the U.S. State Department designated as a terrorist organization , strengthened after the fall in 1991 of Siad Barre 's military regime and amid the years of lawlessness that ensued . In 2003 , a rift erupted between IAIA 's old guard -- who were seeking to establish a new political front -- and its younger members  Al-Shabaab , which means "  the youth "  , who were seeking to establish fundamental Islamic rule . That led the latter to ally with a group of sharia courts -- the Islamic Courts Union  ICU  -- that was seeking to impose order over a landscape marked by feuding warlords in the capital city . Working together , the ICU and Al-Shabaab succeeded in 2006 in gaining control of Mogadishu . That sparked fears in neighboring Ethiopia that violence would spill over there , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . Those fears -- combined with a request from Somalia 's transitional government -- led Ethiopian forces to enter Somalia in December 2006 and to remove the ICU from power . That move proved to be a turning point , one that radicalized Al-Shabaab , which attacked Ethiopian forces and gained control of parts of central and southern Somalia , according to a 2011 case study by Rob Wise , who was then with the Counterterrorism Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . What is Al-Shabaab 's relationship with Kenya ? In 2011 , the Kenyan government ordered a cross-border incursion intended to create a security buffer zone in southern Somalia after attacks on tourist destinations in northern Kenya that it blamed on Al-Shabaab . More recently , Ethiopian troops crossed the border and expelled Al-Shabaab from Baidoa , a strategic town midway between the Ethiopian border and Mogadishu . The group then targeted African Union soldiers and government buildings in the capital in suicide attacks . A suicide bombing in March 2012 killed five people at the Presidential Palace . Analysts say tension appears to have been growing within Al-Shabaab between Somalis and foreign fighters , several hundred of whom are thought to have entered Somalia in recent years to join the group . There may also have been disagreement within the group about the announcement in February 2012 of an alliance between Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda and about the group 's ban on foreign aid organizations working in Somalia to save millions threatened by famine . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex Nairobi attack How and from where does it recruit ? The organization has a sophisticated public relations arm that includes a Twitter account and video production abilities . "  Remember Mumbai ? " one tweet asked Saturday , as gunfire was erupting from Westgate mall in Nairobi . The comment was an apparent reference to the 2008 attack in which 10 Pakistani men associated with the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba stormed several buildings in Mumbai , India , killing 164 people over a three-day period . "  Some youngsters resist death even when told not to be taken alive . It 's going to be a long ordeal , " Saturday 's tweet said . Soon after , it announced it was responsible for Saturday 's attack in Nairobi , Kenya . "  Alshabab confirms its behind the #Westgate spectacle , " it said . A 2009 Al-Shabaab video is as slickly produced as a reality TV show , complete with a hip-hop jihad voice and a startling message . "  Mortar by mortar , shell by shell , only going to stop when I send them to hell , " an unidentified voice raps on the video in American English . The video shows a man reported to have been Abu Mansoor al-Amriki , a U.S. citizen from Alabama . "  Away from your family , away from our friends , away from ice , candy bars , all those things is because we 're waiting to meet the enemy , " he says . But enemies -- and alliances -- can shift . Al-Amriki , whose real name is Omar Hammami , said last year in a video posted online that he had had a fallout with Al-Shabaab "  regarding matters of the sharia and matters of strategy " and feared for his life . He was reported last week to have been killed in Somalia by Al-Shabaab . CNN is not able to confirm the report . Finding replacements may not be hard . Sheikh Ahmed Matan , a member of Britain 's Somali community , said he knows of hundreds of young Somali men living in the West who returned to Somalia for terrorist training . How is it funded ? The once ragtag Somalia-based al Qaeda affiliate has grown into an economic powerhouse , raising tens of millions of dollars in cash from schemes that have involved extortion , illegal taxation and other "  fees , " according to the 2011 United Nations report . The United States believed then that the group was coordinating with al Qaeda groups in Yemen and might have been plotting attacks in the region and abroad . In 2011 , it was generating "  between $ 70 million and $ 100 million per year , from duties and fees levied at airports and seaports , taxes on goods and services , taxes in kind on domestic produce , ` jihad contributions , ' checkpoints and various forms of extortion justified in terms of religious obligation , " according to the report from the U.N. Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea . How have Somalis been affected ? Years of lawlessness and poverty have exacted a toll that Al-Shabaab has not helped . In 2011 , the United Nations declared a famine in the southern Somalia regions of Bakool and Lower Shabelle , and Al-Shabaab reversed an earlier pledge to allow aid agencies to provide food in famine-stricken areas . That year , the U.N. Interagency Group for Child Mortality Estimation announced that Somalia had the highest mortality rate for children 4 and younger in the world . In May , a report jointly commissioned by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization and the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network reported that 258,000 Somalis had died in the famine between October 2010 and April 2012 and that half of the victims were younger than five . What is the United States doing ? The United States has supported U.N.-backed African forces fighting Al-Shabaab and strengthened its counterterrorism efforts against the group . It has also donated millions in aid . The U.S. State Department said this week that Somali security forces , aided by the African Union Mission in Somalia , have driven Al-Shabaab out of major cities and towns , creating "  a window of opportunity to fundamentally change Somalia 's trajectory . What is the status of Somalia 's government today ? In September 2012 , Somali parliament members selected Hassan Sheikh Mohamud as the new president in a vote that marked a milestone for the nation , which had not had a stable central government since Barre 's overthrow 21 years before . That did not mean Al-Shabaab was calling it quits . In January , French forces attempted to rescue a French intelligence commando held hostage in Somalia by the group . The raid left the soldier dead , another soldier missing and 17 Islamist fighters dead . But there has been political progress there . In January , for the first time in more than two decades , the United States granted official recognition to the Somali government . Want to know more about Somalia ? Get the fast facts CNN 's Tim Lister , Barbara Starr , Paula Newton , David McKenzie and Elise Labott contributed to this report	Tweet : "  Alshabab confirms its behind the #Westgate spectacle " It was once allied with sharia courts , which tried to impose order on the lawless country Ethiopia 's invasion in 2006 proved to be a turning point in radicalizing "  the youth "
CNN  -- Treasure hunter Christian Hanisch told CNN Thursday that the hunt for Nazi Gold and possibly the legendary Amber Room will end Friday after the two men leading the expedition had a disagreement . Treasure hunters began drilling again Tuesday to try to locate the lost Nazi gold . Heinz-Peter Haustein , the other treasure hunter , told Germany 's Bild newspaper that geophysicists will now re-evaluate the situation and that digging may resume in two weeks . CNN has so far not been able to reach Haustein for confirmation . "  Haustein told me to get out of here immediately , " an angry Hanisch told CNN in a telephone interview . He said Haustein , who is also the mayor of the village Deutschneudorf , where the digging is taking place , told him he wanted to make the expedition more credible by calling in the scientists . See photos from hunt for lost Nazi gold " "  It ca n't get any more credible than now , " said Hanisch , whose measurements had allegedly pinpointed the treasure . He said the drilling taking place at the site never focused on the exact coordinates he had provided . "  They just always dug around there , but never at the exact location where I wanted them to dig , " he said . The two treasure hunters had said geological surveying had revealed an underground cave holding large amounts of precious metal . They said it could be a holding area dug by the Nazis who used it to stash valuables in World War II . Haustein said he also believes the legendary Amber Room , an interior made of gold and amber that the Nazis had looted from a palace in St. Petersburg , after Adolf Hitler 's forces invaded the Soviet Union in 1941 , was also hidden somewhere in the mountains around Deutschneudorf -- and that finding a stash of gold could give clues as to the whereabouts of the Amber Room . Now Hanisch says he never believed in the Amber Room theory . "  I never talked about finding the Amber Room anywhere here , that was all Haustein 's idea , " he said . Hanisch said that his father was one of the soldiers who helped transport gold and other valuables to the area around Deutschneudorf near the end of the Second World War and that when he died he left behind coordinates allegedly leading to a cave holding gold and other valuables . Haustein has been paying for the excavation . Watch hunt for Nazi gold at German mountain " Earlier this week , Haustein said digging at the site was stopped more than a week ago amid safety concerns , as German authorities and the treasure hunters feared that the shaft dug so far might collapse , and that the alleged cave may be rigged with explosives or poisonous booby traps . Deutschneudorf is in Germany 's Ore Mountains , and the mountain where the treasure hunters were looking was a copper mine until the 19th century . Though the mine was shut down in 1882 , geologists have found evidence that soldiers from Hitler 's Wehrmacht -- the German armed forces -- had been there : machine guns , parts of uniforms and explosives that are on display at the town 's museum . E-mail to a friend	Digging in search of lost Nazi gold to be called off , one treasure hunter says Second hunter tells Bild it may resume in two weeks The dig is in the mountains around Deutschneudorf , Germany Treasure hunters hope to find valuables looted from Russia during World War II
CNN  -- Like most stories that end up with a man mowing his friend 's lawn in a dress , it started out innocently enough . Craig Harrell takes a quick break for the camera while fulfilling his end of the bargain . Not long after Robert Klein began working on his man cave , his friend Craig Harrell paid Klein a compliment . He noticed Klein was looking trimmer since they 'd last met . As Klein continued to slim down , they made a bet : Whoever could get down to 200 pounds first would be the winner , and the loser would have to mow the winner 's yard -- in a dress . Klein started building his man cave in Pasadena , Maryland , so he could have the bar of his dreams and a home theater . He worked on his basement for more than a year and ended up losing 65 pounds in the process -- more than enough to win his bet with Harrell . CNN.com and iReport.com got an overwhelming response when we asked readers to send in photos and stories of their man caves : spaces that foster men 's hobbies , decorating skills and technological needs . Some of their stories were so outrageous that we decided to profile a few of them . Klein 's man cave , however , was the only one to combine dramatic weight loss and cross-dressing , so we had to give him a call to find out more . Klein said his friends wanted to talk about two things while he was building his man cave : how his amazing bar was coming along and how they thought Harrell would lose the bet . The bet was popular with everyone Klein and Harrell knew . Their wives even started a dress committee , to make sure the loser was appropriately attired , and their kids delighted in the prospect of seeing Dad in a dress . To lose weight , Klein said Harrell played golf and cut out chips , while he adopted a balanced , calorie-restricted diet , and spent at least six hours a day on the man cave , which took most of his free time . Klein did all the electric wiring himself , worked on the framing and put three coats of paint on all the walls and ceilings . He attributes his weight loss success to replacing TV-watching with hard work . "  I lost at least 10 pounds on the painting alone , " he said . "  My neck was sore for weeks . " Klein knew he could n't build the kind of man cave he wanted all by himself , so he contracted out some of the big jobs , like cutting a hole in the foundation to add 6-foot-tall French doors to the side of the house in place of a window well , and finding someone to do the woodwork on a custom bar he designed . Although he started out with a carefully planned budget , Klein quickly found he needed to spend more money to make his dreams a reality . The hardest part , he said , was finding someone who could build his bar for a price he could afford . After some disheartening estimates  one was $ 65,000  , Klein found Lyle Delfosse , a local furniture maker who had built libraries in the Watergate Hotel in Washington D.C. , and constructed a chair for a U.S. Supreme Court justice over his long career . Now 76 and retired , Delfosse told Klein , "  I can build anything out of wood . " Klein said Delfosse was true to his word , and they did n't go over the initial estimate of $ 19,000 , although he said Delfosse told him "  if he had it to do all over again , he 'd have charged double . " Klein calls the bar "  magnificent , " and said that when people come over to see it , they feel underdressed . Convinced he 'd saved money by doing a lot of the work himself , Klein splurged on a new sprinkler system . The bet he 'd made earlier in the year was on his mind , and he wanted to ensure that the grass in his front yard would be nice and green once the weigh-in arrived . At the height of summer , Klein 's man cave was finished , and he decided it was time to step on the scales . Harrell was 208 pounds , and Klein was 195 . At the party Klein threw to show off his new bar and theater , Harrell was ready . With some help from the dress committee , Harrell became Klein 's newly acquired , frock-sporting landscaper . The wives had sewn two pink , strapless dresses together to fit Harrell , and then layered on accessories like a bow-topped headband and a corsage . All decked out , Harrell graciously mowed Klein 's front yard , with 80 people cheering him on . Somehow , as Harrell was mowing , Klein 's new sprinkler system went off , soaking Harrell and his dress . In a phone interview , Klein was coy about who the perpetrator might have been . These days , Harrell has his own man cave , complete with bar . Klein points out that his bar is nicer , but says he 's got his buddy 's back : Harrell 's wife thinks a dishwasher would be a practical addition to the man cave , but Klein is trying to convince her that the keg refrigerator Harrell wants is a good idea . E-mail to a friend	Man builds man cave , loses 65 pounds in the process Of all the man cave tales submitted to iReport.com , this is first to include a dress Bar of man 's dreams is "  magnificent " Dress committee sews two dresses together to fit the loser of the bet
CNN  Ryan Reynolds gave us a sneak peek at his new costume last week , and followed it up with a first look on video . The actor posed on a bearskin rug to show off how he looks as masked Marvel character Deadpool in a post that quickly got positive responses from fans on social media . The photo is a parody of Burt Reynolds ' famous nude image from a 1972 issue of Cosmopolitan and is very much in keeping with Deadpool 's wisecracking , tongue-in-cheek persona . Here 's the original , in case you were born after 1972 or chose to delete the image from your mind . Deadpool 's costume , a favorite among comic book fans and convention cosplayers , includes a mask that covers the entire face , so we might not see the face of 2010 's sexiest man for much of the movie . Reynolds played Deadpool in 2009 's "  X-Men Origins : Wolverine , " but he never wore the famous red and black attire . Instead , he wore an unremarkable black suit bearing none of the hallmarks of the costume worn in the comics . As the vanity shot indicates , Reynolds will be fully suited when returns to the role in first the feature-length "  Deadpool , " scheduled for release in 2016 . In response to skepticism online who was beneath the mask , screenwriter Rhett Reese confirmed via Twitter that Reynolds was indeed in the suit . Then as a special treat for April Fools ' Day , Reynolds was "  interviewed " by "  Extra " host Mario Lopez , about the debate over whether the movie should be rated PG-13 or R . The ultraviolent Deadpool would seem to lend himself to an R rating , but Reynolds settled all that in memorable fashion , "  killing " Lopez in the process .	Ryan Reynolds debuts first look at his Deadpool costume Not to be outdone , Hugh Jackman announced he is retiring the Wolverine character
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- The Vatican had praise Saturday for this week 's announcement that scientists had created the world 's first synthetic cell , calling it an "  interesting result " that could help cure disease . In an article Saturday , the Vatican newspaper L'Osservatore Romano called it "  important research " and "  the work of high-quality genetic engineering . " But it said the scientists who created the cell had not created life , just "  replaced one of its motors . " The response may appear to mark a turn for the Vatican , but in fact the church does not officially oppose genetic engineering as long as the science avoids embryonic stem cells , cloning or anything else that fiddles too much with the re-creation of human life . "  Genetic engineering can do good : It is enough to think that it could heal chromosome-related diseases , " the article said . However , scientists must "  join courage with caution , " it said . "  They touch a very fragile territory where the environment and manipulation play a role that can not be underestimated , " the article said . Genetics pioneer J. Craig Venter , who runs an eponymous U.S. institute for genomic research , announced Thursday that he and his team had created artificial life for the first time . Using sequences of genetic code created on a computer , the team assembled a complete DNA of a bacterium and inserted it into a cell of bacteria . The new cell was self-replicating , controlled only by the synthetic genome . "  The weight of the DNA is great , and great are the expectations of genetic science , " L'Osservatore Romano said . "  Nevertheless , the DNA , even though it is an excellent engine , is not life . " Venter said his team had not created life . "  We created a new cell . It 's alive . But we did n't create life from scratch , " he said . Venter said the discovery would help give science new tools for a range of applications , from converting carbon dioxide into fuel and creating new food substances to creating new vaccines to treat diseases . The breakthrough will stimulate discussion about the possibilities , Venter told CNN . He said his next step would be to "  see if we can create some of these cures for the planet . " CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	J. Craig Venter says he and his team created artificial life for the first time Vatican praises announcement , says it could help cure diseases Church does not oppose genetic engineering that avoids embryonic stem cells , cloning "  We created a new cell . It 's alive . But we did n't create life from scratch , " Venter says
CNN  Warning : This article contains offensive language . Slut , ho , hussy , heifer , bitch -- long before I ever heard those words flow in a rap song , I heard them first in my own home , my own neighborhood . And too many times , they were directed toward me or one of my grade-school girlfriends . You see , for generations , black girls have been so conditioned to being called these over-sexualized names -- first by our slave masters , then our mothers , sisters , friends and eventually the world -- that today many times we do n't even take offense . We deny our pain or hurt feelings . We even make excuses for the name-callers because it 's difficult to decipher , especially for young girls , when the offender means it in a tough love , sisterly kind of way or a "  he did n't mean it in that kind of way , " as Little League standout Mo ` ne Davis said on ESPN 's SportsCenter on Monday . She was explaining why she had forgiven Bloomsburg University baseball player Joey Casselberry recently . Davis emailed the university to ask for Casselberry to be reinstated . Here 's what he had tweeted after hearing that Disney plans to produce a movie based on Davis ' life titled : "  Throw Like Mo " : "  WHAT A JOKE . That slut got rocked by Nevada . " Ugly , jealous , hateful words meant to intimidate and objectify a 13-year-old girl . But Davis was quick to respond with a class beyond her years : "  Everyone makes mistakes and everyone deserves a second chance , " she told ESPN . " ... I know right now he 's really hurt and I know how hard he worked to get where he is . I mean , I was pretty hurt on my part but I know he 's hurting even more , " said Davis , the first girl in Little League World Series history to earn a win and pitch a shutout . Bloomsburg immediately kicked Casselberry off the team but now says it will review the matter . I hope the school sticks to its decision . It was the right call and the university 's action spoke volumes about its integrity -- and how it values women and girls . Surely , Bloomsburg University believes that sports are meant to teach more than simply how to hit , catch and run . We talk about using sports to build character , leadership and respect for others . Casselberry seems to have missed those lessons , or maybe he just thinks they do n't apply to women . His promising college baseball career does n't have to end over this mistake . Let the school review the situation next season ; see then if Casselberry has had time to truly understand his actions . Good for Davis , for rising above the hateful remark -- and also above the outrage on social media , where millions rose to her defense -- to offer such a gracious response . But it should go without saying : It 's never OK or excusable to attack a successful 13-year-old girl with such a chauvinist remark . Neither little girls , no matter their ethnicity , nor grown women are open targets for sexist , ignorant public attacks . The incident provides a good opportunity , however , for we in the black community to consider how we value our daughters . And we must take note that our sons are watching closely as they try to navigate what it means to respect a young woman today . Men who grow up to disrespect women do not only learn those lessons by watching TV or playing video games . And though it may be convenient to blame pop culture , rap music is not responsible for teaching men to disrespect women . We parents own much of the blame . Overworked , frustrated mothers and fathers often can not find the words or the courage to have a conversation about sex with their children who are not even teens yet . But that 's when the questions start for most kids . Just about every day in my old neighborhood , a playmate would get called out of her name for violating an unspoken rule about how a 9-year-old girl should behave : "  Get your trifflin ' ass in the house , you little hussy . Why are you dressed like a little slut ? " an angry mom would yell down the street . Every little girl I knew heard that rant , including myself . And as kids do , it was n't long before we were all giggling and calling one another those very same names . I do n't really know how other mothers talk to their young daughters , or at least I did n't back then , but in my black neighborhood , often the conversation between mothers and daughters was not pretty . You had two choices : develop a tough skin or believe the ugly words and let your innocence be destroyed by their cruelty , even if unintended . Too many of my friends were destroyed as they struggled with the confusing messages and lack of forthright explanation and support on sexuality . It led to young teenage pregnancies , abusive boyfriends and destructive behavior . Who knows what those beautiful girls , once so full of ambition and curiosity about the world , would have become if they 'd been called : beautiful , strong and smart . Maybe they would have been just like Mo ' .	Roxanne Jones : Ballplayer called Mo ` ne Davis slut in a tweet . She graciously asked his college to reinstate him after he was kicked from team Jones : Black girls conditioned from young age by culture and even family to accept being called over-sexualized names She says it 's hurtful , confusing , can have long-term effect . Community should recognize the harm this does to young , smart , strong girls
CNN  -- Australian spin legend Shane Warne has retired from all forms of cricket after playing his final match for Indian Premier League side  IPL  Rajasthan Royals . The 41-year-old , one of the greatest players in the history of the sport , ended his career on a high note , captaining the Rajasthan Royals to a 10-wicket win over the Mumbai Indians , taking one wicket for 30 runs in the process . "  It 's been a privilege and a pleasure to captain the Royals , " Warne said after the match . "  Hopefully , I 've helped Indian cricket . " Warne fined $ 50K ahead of retirement The colorful Warne has been popular with his teammates and supporters alike during this IPL campaign despite struggling for form and being involved in some off-field controversies . Even this week , Warne was fined $ 50,000 following a row with Rajasthan Cricket Association secretary Sanjay Dixit over a choice of wicket . Indian batsman Sachin Tendulkar paid tribute to Warne , telling reporters : "  He is a true champion , a wonderful friend . I have not been privileged to play with him in the same team , but it 's been a real treat to play against him . " Warne retired from international cricket in 2007 after becoming the first player in history to take 700 wickets . The leg-spinner always proved as controversial off the field as he was brilliant on it , surviving drug and betting scandals , as well as a much-publicized private life , during his career . His retirement is expected to include more TV commentating , charity work and coaching . "  I 'm going to be 42 this year , I 'm in a great place in life , both personally and from the business point of view , I just want to thank everyone who supported me , " Warne told reporters .	Shane Warne has retired from all forms of cricket after playing his final match Warne captained Rajasthan Royals to a 10-wicket win over the Mumbai Indians 41-year-old quit international cricket in 2007 after taking 700 Test wickets
CNN  -- They are tall , powerful and capable of serving a tennis ball at over 150 mph  241 kph  . They are the rocket men of tennis , and they 're getting faster . Leading the race is Ivo Karlovic , the 6 ft 10 in Croatian they call the "  King of Aces , " who was clocked at 156 mph  251 kph  during a Davis Cup tie in Zagreb last month . The 32-year-old 's world record is unlikely to go unchallenged for long . Andy Roddick has twice hit the 155 mph  249 kph  mark , and 20-year-old Canadian Milos Raonic is already firing at 153 mph  246 kph  . But as serves continue to get faster , tennis is staring down a difficult problem -- what to do when rallies become a rarity , and every other point is an ace . "  Players like Raonic and Karlovic combine great technique with height and long arms to generate racket speed , " said former Wimbledon champion Pat Cash , of CNN 's Open Court . "  It seems the only way to slow the serves down is to limit the size of players , cut some of their arms off , or make them stand in a hole . " But there may be an alternative . In 2002 , the International Tennis Federation  ITF  included a new , larger tennis ball in its official rules . While its primary purpose is for recreational players and use at high altitude , the Type 3 ball is also intended to "  help curb where necessary the dominance of the serve and corresponding lack of rallies in the professional game . " The graphic above demonstrates how . The 6 % increase in diameter means the ball travels more slowly due to greater drag , and also bounces higher . Put simply , it makes the game easier . "  That 's why we 've got them . We 're waiting in the wings for a time when there are too many aces in professional tournaments , " said Jamie Capel-Davies , Senior Project Technologist at the ITF . "  For the moment our research suggests reaction times are keeping up with the increases in serve speed , because the number of aces has not really increased since 2002 . But when we see evidence that aces are going up , that 's when the bigger balls will come into play . " ITF research suggests it 's a matter of when , and not if . The mean average of men 's serving speed in the four grand slams rose from 130 mph  209 kph  to 137 mph  221 kph  , between 2002 and 2010 . The world record stood at Greg Rusedski 's mark of 149 mph  240 kph  in 2001 . Just 10 years later , and the 160 mph  257 kph  barrier is very much within reach . Bigger , stronger players , along with advancements in racket technology , are pushing the envelope . But if the rocket men keep serving faster , they might not like what 's coming next . "  The U.S. seniors used those bigger balls for a couple of years , and they were soundly voted down . Not one player like them , " Cash said . "  It was impossible to hit a winning volley and the ball dipped severely -- making it easier to keep the ball in court . "  Introducing them would be a move in the wrong direction . Tennis is becoming like a video game as it is , with the lack of variety on the shot-making front . Taking the volley out of the game with larger balls will ruin the game . Bring your caffeine pills to keep you awake . " Capel-Davies admits the bigger balls wo n't be to everyone 's liking : "  Players will feel like they have to hit the ball harder to gain the same power with their shots , and some of our research suggests they could tire more easily . " When the alternative could be a sport where the giant serve is all-powerful , and matches could effectively be over in half the time , the ITF may be left with little choice . Reaction times have a ceiling , and when that 's reached a glut of aces will likely prompt the ITF to act . Forget "  New balls , please " -- the call for the next generation could well be , "  Bigger balls , please . "	Ivo Karlovic broke the world record for the fastest serve in a Davis Cup match in March The Croat was clocked at 155 mph  251 kph  to beat Andy Roddick 's previous mark Type 3 tennis balls were introduced by the ITF in 2002 , and are 6 % bigger in diameter They are seen as a potential solution if the number of aces begins to increase
At least 118 people were killed Tuesday in twin blasts at a market in the central Nigerian city of Jos , an official said , warning the toll could climb . The explosions , which targeted Terminus market , went off some 20 to 30 minutes apart , setting fire to the entire venue . "  The death toll stands at 118 . This is the number of victims recovered from the scene of the explosions , but we are still searching through the smoldering debris for more bodies , " said Mohammed Abdulsalam , coordinator for the National Emergency Management Agency in the city . "  The figure may rise when the search is over , " Abdulsalam said . A journalist on the scene of the first explosion called it "  massive . " People were screaming and running , some covered in blood . Some had to be carried away , the journalist said . An ambulance driver who asked not to be identified said he saw at least 15 bodies and about 30 injured . Plateau State Commissioner Chris Olakpe described the blasts as "  terrorist activities , " but refused to speculate on who might be responsible . He said the first blast was a suicide car bomb , while the second was caused by an improvised explosive device in a separate car . Olakpe said 46 people were killed in the blasts and that 45 were injured , disputing the higher death toll provided by Abdulsalam . It is not uncommon for authorities to report conflicting death tolls in the immediate aftermath of attacks . "  Terrorists usually want to cause fear and trepidation , " said Olakpe . "  By tomorrow , we will get on top of the matter . " In a statement , President Goodluck Jonathan condemned the bombings as a "  tragic assault on human freedom " and described those behind them as "  cruel and evil . " "  President Jonathan assures all Nigerians that government remains fully committed to winning the war against terror , and this administration will not be cowed by the atrocities of enemies of human progress and civilization , " the statement said , adding that Nigeria was committed to implementing anti-terrorism measures and resolutions put forth at a recent summit in Paris . When CNN tried to speak with a nurse at a local hospital by phone , she was unable to hear because of victims ' cries and screams . CNN had previously reported three blasts at two markets -- Terminus and Abuja . Terminus market is also known as the New Abuja market . A possible third blast may have been a gas canister ignited by the first bomb . Late Sunday , a bomb in the northern Nigerian city of Kano killed at least four people , according to local police . The blast occurred at a busy intersection in a predominantly Christian area of the city and left several cars burning , Kano police spokesman Rabilu Ringim said . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for the attack , the spokesman said . Terrorism in Nigeria has been in the spotlight recently since more than 200 schoolgirls were kidnapped by the militant group Boko Haram . The terror group abducted 276 girls on April 14 from a boarding school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 girls are still missing . In his statement Tuesday , Jonathan reaffirmed his government 's commitment to take "  every necessary measure " to find the girls and cooperate with other countries in the region to combat the "  Boko Haram menace . " The president also said Nigeria was determined to ensure safety and security in schools in Borno state and other parts of the country and to rebuild the school in Chibok . ` War on Boko Haram ' : African , Western nations unify in hunt for Nigerian girls Opinion : Media turns Boko Haram into ` superstar monsters ' Witness to terror : Nigeria 's missing schoolgirls	Twin explosions strike a market in the city of Jos "  Terrorists usually want to cause fear and trepidation , " says one official Another official warns the death toll could go higher
CNN  -- It 's the stuff of movies . Bad movies . But movies . The kind you watch when it 's a Friday night , you 're feeling lazy , and , oh look ! A bucket of hummus ! That kind of movie . A ship . Lost at sea . Abandoned by all humans . Floating untethered into the fog . Infested with hundreds of cannibal rats . Slowly and perilously drifting toward shore . But , you see , this is n't a movie . This is really happening . Maybe . The big fear is that this completely real ghost ship could actually be ready to hit land and unleash rat-feces-palooza on the people of Ireland or the UK , who are , no doubt , just innocently going about their day , doing whatever it is those people do . Like building pretty stone fences and arguing with sheep . By the way : If Rat-Feces-Palooza is n't already a huge concert event , it should be . Tweet your pick for headlining band with #RatFecesPalooza . So , here 's what happened . Back in 1976 , a 4,200-ton cruise ship called the Lyubov Orlova was built in Yugoslavia and was specially designed to sail Russia 's elite travelers around the coldest regions on Earth . Because , you know ... Russia . Why go to the Greek Islands when you can spend seven days floating next to an iceberg covered in seal turds ? Eventually , though , the private owners of the ship racked up too much debt , and , in 2010 , Canadian authorities seized the vessel , which had been docked in St. John 's , Newfoundland where it was , presumably , quite bored . Two years later , the Canadians sold it for scrap and began hauling the old girl down to the Dominican Republic so it could be dismantled and possibly turned into steel drums . But then , only one day after leaving port , the towline snapped in heavy seas , and the Lyubov Orlova decided to piss off across the Atlantic . As one does when you have nothing better to do and you 're a boat . "  Sigh  I would like to have seen Montana . " Eventually , another Canadian ship was sent out to corral the wayward vessel in what can only be described as the slowest , crappiest , worst-attended rodeo of all time . But once captured , the Lyubov Orlova was safely hauled farther out to sea , away from Canadian oil rigs . And then they just sort of cut it loose in international waters . Because , hey , what 's the worst that could happen ? Transport Canada , the government department responsible for roads and planes and trains and SHIPS YOU JUST LET WANDER OFF INTO THE OCEAN , assured its citizens that the Lyubov Orlova "  no longer poses a threat to the safety of -LSB- Canadian -RSB- offshore oil installations , their personnel , or the marine environment . " As for everyone else and the hundreds of diseased cannibal rats floating around the Atlantic ? "  Soory ` boot that , eh . " And , so , the 295-foot ship goes sliding by . Free ! But then , in March 2013 , two lifeboats suddenly fell off the ship and landed in the water . This automatically triggered warning signals that alerted authorities that , holy crap , this thing had floated two-thirds of the way across the Atlantic and was heading straight toward Britain and Ireland . So , radar operators and pilots went looking for the ship . And they could n't find it . And , now , months later , several news agencies are reporting that the Lyubov Orlova might actually still be intact and getting closer to land . Probably with rats . Canada 's National Post explained that the vessel pretty much sat on it 's fat , metal butt in that dock in Newfoundland for over two years , "  virtually guaranteeing " that the ship is infested with hundreds of these little bastards . And since there 's no food on board , the rats have likely turned on each other . "  Damnit , Reggie ! " "  Soorry . " The big fear , now , is that a monster storm might give the ship the extra push it needs to finally make landfall . However , people are still hopeful that they can corral it at sea long before that actually happens . In which case , scrap haulers will have to climb on board and deal with the rats . Which sounds like a lovely way to spend an afternoon . But it 's also possible that none of this will happen . The Irish Coast Guard recently released a statement saying : "  There is no further action required by Ireland and there are no reports and sightings . " And the UK Maritime and Coastguard Agency pointed out : "  We have received no reported sightings of the vessel since April last year . " Helping to calm fears even more , the BBC reports that maritime analyst Richard Hurley believes the vessel has probably capsized and is now resting at the bottom of the ocean . Where , I 'm told , rats can not live . "  There was a report of a EPIRB signal from her , " Hurley said . "  That 's an emergency beacon that normally only activates when the ship has actually sunk . " And if you 're still concerned , just know that the official spokesman for British Prime Minister , David Cameron , says that this threat is n't a government priority . When asked if the Navy should intervene , he simply said , "  Gosh , we 're almost in a B-movie script development meeting here . " Pass the hummus . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter .	The Lyubov Orlova was built in 1976 as an arctic cruise ship for elite Russian travelers In 2012 , the abandoned ship was accidentally lost at sea and believed to be infested with cannibal rats Recently , media publications have warned that the ship might actually strike the coast of Ireland or the UK
What comes in a white cardboard box , weighs little more than a kilogram and can be purchased in a few clicks from Amazon ? Few people would guess a drone -- a term that conjures up stealth strikes and spy movies . But that 's the point for DJI , a Chinese company that dominates the young but growing market for personal and commercial drones . It wants to make the airborne gadgets , if not soft and cuddly , at least unremarkable . "  It 's made of white plastic . It 's not scary . It 's pretty accessible to most people , " says Eric Cheng , DJI 's director of aerial imaging . The company 's ready-to-fly Phantom photography drone makes it a "  global leader , " in small unmanned aerial systems according to Frost & Sullivan , a research group . DJI believes drones like the Phantom will soon become another "  camera in your bag , " allowing photography enthusiasts to embrace "  dronies " with same fervor as "  selfies . " "  It 's sort of an extension of the selfie stick really , " says Cheng . "  It 's an unlocking of the third dimension for camera positioning . " Their latest four-propeller drone is equipped with a high-definition camera and a wi-fi transmitter lets pilots watch the video streamed live to their smartphone that attaches to the controller . Mounted on a three-axis gimbal or stabilizer , the camera can be rotated while the drone hovers in place enabling it to capture stunning aerial images such as close-ups of a volcano . Transition The company was founded in 2006 by engineer and remote control helicopter enthusiast Frank Wang , who started out making kits for hobbyists before launching the Phantom range in 2013 . It has expanded quickly , growing from 20 employees in 2009 to 2,500 , who are mainly based at company headquarters in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen . Operating at the cutting edge of a new technology is rare for Chinese companies , which are typically regarded as manufacturers of ideas and designs hatched in Silicon Valley and elsewhere . It 's the kind of company that China needs more of if it wants to make the transition from world 's factory floor to a home for innovative companies with global reach . Cheng says Shenzhen marries the best of China 's manufacturing prowess with a rich pool of design and engineering talent . "  You do n't have to wait eight days for a prototype to come back in . " Confusing regulation ? Its early lead puts it at the heart of the debate over regulation of the drone industry , which has been dogged by red tape , privacy concerns and a poor reputation . Many fear drones landing in backyards and peering in windows . Cheng says the policy environment is confusing for most users . In the U.S. , amateur drone users ca n't go above 400 feet  120 meters  , and the devices can only be used by hobbyists . The Federal Aviation Administration is working on clearing commercial unmanned aerial vehicles and details are expected by the end of the year . Other jurisdictions such as Australia and New Zealand allow wider use , says Cheng , and the company 's drones are used in fields ranging from mining and agriculture , to nature conservancy and real estate . As drones catch on in the mainstream , the company has built in features to help first-time pilots . The device is programmed to avoid airports and automatically returns to a home point if it flies out of range . "  Most people are successful with the product and consider it easy to fly , " says Cheng . "  That said , it 's still a flying machine so it has the potential to hit things and crash . " Just do n't call it a drone In an hour-long interview , Cheng only uses the word "  drone " when pressed and says the industry is struggling with the terminology . But with "  I want a drone " now reportedly one of the top recurring search terms based on Google autofill data and the word widespread in the media , the company says it 's now focused on changing what drone means to people and regulators . "  It 's really heartening -- once people use them , it 's not a struggle to get them to think of the drone as a generic thing rather than  something  scary . "	DJI wants to make aerial photography drones mainstream Says drones nothing to be scared of ; allow creative photography Regulation over use of drones confusing , especially in U.S.
CNN  -- Do comedy writers share notes or do they just think alike ? On the day "  Tonight Show " host Jay Leno announced he was passing the baton to Jimmy Fallon , he and an old rival shared nearly identical jokes on their late night shows . In his opening monologue on Wednesday , Leno said it had been a tough day for him . "  Had a really awkward day today , " the late night host said in mock anguish . "  Had to call David Letterman and tell him he did n't get ` The Tonight Show ' ... again . " At nearly the same instant on the "  Late Show , " Letterman addressed his rival 's impending retirement . "  I got a call from my mom today , she says , ` Well , David , I see you did n't get the ` Tonight Show ' again , ' " Letterman said with a shrug . "  What are you going to do , mom ? " he asked . A bit of comedy serendipity ? Maybe it was just too tempting to pass up . Many expected Letterman would take over "  The Tonight Show " when former host Johnny Carson retired in 1992 , but the gig instead went to Leno . Letterman jumped networks to start "  The Late Show " on CBS , which airs opposite Leno on NBC . How Twitter helped Fallon get Leno 's job Emotional Fallon Fallon bounded onto his "  Late Night " set , full of energy , if a bit manic , after word of his new job . "  Hello ! Welcome ! This is ` Late Night with Jimmy Fallon , ' for now , " he said to chuckles . "  You guys probably heard the news -- I 'm going to be taking over ` The Tonight Show ' next February ! "  But do n't worry , until February , our focus is right here on whatever this show is called . " Later , Fallon 's voice cracked as he paused and struggled for words at times . "  I want to thank everyone here at ` Late Night . ' The staff , the crew and , of course , The Roots , " he said , referring to his late night band . "  I have to say thanks to Jay Leno for being so gracious . It means so much to me to have his support . " An hour earlier , Leno congratulated Fallon in his opening monologue , while taking another swipe at the NBC executives that are showing him the door . "  I just have one request of Jimmy . We 've all fought , kicked and scratched to get this network up to fifth place , okay ? Now we have to keep it there , " he deadpanned . "  Jimmy do n't let it slip into sixth . We 're counting on you . " Leno will wrap up his 22-year run as host in spring 2014 , with Fallon officially signing on as his replacement . On his Twitter account , Fallon said , "  Today was one of the most exciting days of my life . " Rumors have been swirling The expectation that Leno would leave NBC 's legendary late-night program has been building recently , and Fallon 's appointment is n't surprising in the least . He 's had a swift rise to "  Tonight 's " chair , having hosted "  Late Night " for just four years , but Fallon 's transition was treated as such a near certainty that both hosts worked the headlines into their nightly routines . While Fallon initially downplayed the rumors , Leno went after his employer on a regular basis . He compared NBC executives to snakes , joked about the network 's sagging ratings and kidded that the rumored late-night shuffle was like NBC 's version of March Madness . Monologue : Leno congratulates Fallon Just two days before the big announcement , Fallon and Leno again made light of the reports with a parody of the song "  Tonight " from the musical "  West Side Story . " With Leno 's contract set to expire in fall 2014 , industry observers said the move was only a matter of time . And this , says media reporter Bill Carter , was the right time . "  Jay told me that really the difference with this was he went along with it , " said Carter , a New York Times reporter who wrote "  The War for Late Night : When Leno Went Early and Television Went Crazy " -- a book that chronicles the last time Leno left "  Tonight . " "  He agrees with this . He 's on board with this . " This has happened before Leno first exited "  Tonight " in 2009 after 17 years as host , passing the torch to Conan O'Brien , who was then the host of "  Late Night . " Leno was moved to prime time with his own program , "  The Jay Leno Show , " that fall . But when that brought dismal ratings , NBC decided to put Leno back in charge of "  Tonight " at the start of 2010 , leaving O'Brien without a job . Despite his short stint on "  Tonight , " O'Brien wished Fallon well . "  I want to congratulate Jimmy . That is a really fun gig . You laugh , but it really is , " O'Brien said , trying to reassure the audience he was n't being sarcastic . "  Jimmy is the perfect guy to do it . He 's going to do a fantastic job . " After getting the boot from "  Tonight , " the flame-haired comedian eventually moved to TBS to host his own show , "  Conan , " in the 11 p.m. hour , but the entire scenario generated ill will toward Leno and NBC .  TBS shares a parent company with CNN . Yet as the years went on , Leno has proved to be resilient . As NBC 's prime-time ratings suffered , Leno 's "  Tonight Show " was still able to rise above the rest in its time slot . At the end of March , "  The Tonight Show " hit a seven-week high in total viewers , with 3.52 million watching . However , NBC was said to be concerned about losing younger viewers to ABC 's Jimmy Kimmel , whose "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " was moved up to compete with Leno and David Letterman 's "  Late Show " at the beginning of 2013 . "  The more time Jimmy Kimmel is in that slot , the more the young audience goes that way , the harder it is for  Fallon  to keep that audience , " one source familiar with the network 's thought process told The Hollywood Reporter in March . Changing states of comedy With the change in hosts comes a change in locales . According to a statement from NBC , "  As part of the transition , ` The Tonight Show ' will be returning to its original home in 30 Rock in New York " from Leno 's base of Los Angeles . New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo praised the move , saying in a statement "  on behalf of all New Yorkers " that he 's "  pleased to welcome ` The Tonight Show ' back to its first home . " When it began in 1954 , the "  original ` Tonight Show ' ushered in the modern era of television , " Cuomo continued . "  It is only fitting that as ` The Tonight Show ' returns to our state , it will be headlined by New York 's own native son and resident , Jimmy Fallon . " Out with the old At 62 years old , Leno represents a more traditional form of hosting , as he 's known for his "  Las Vegas-style comedy , " said The New York Times . Fallon , 38 , regularly incorporates the Web and social media into his act , offering "  a more contemporary and varied brand of entertainment , " the Times said . This changing of the guard is one of the most closely watched exercises in pop culture , especially as it takes place at one of TV 's mainstay productions . Even with its decline in ratings over the years , it remains a solid profit center for NBC , making between $ 25 million and $ 40 million for the network , according to The New York Times . Although it 's been on the air for almost 60 years , "  The Tonight Show " has had just a handful of regular hosts : Steve Allen , Jack Paar , Johnny Carson , Leno and O'Brien . "  The Tonight Show " is n't what it was during the long tenure of Carson , who hosted the show from 1962 until 1992 . In those three-network times , Carson dominated late-night TV like nobody before or since . He dominated the ratings and routinely sat down challengers like so many duck targets at a carnival shooting gallery . Joey Bishop , Dick Cavett , Joan Rivers , Pat Sajak -- they all tried to dethrone the king , and they all came up short . Carson sat behind "  Tonight 's " desk for 30 years before passing the torch to Leno , and "  Johnny " is still the model against whom all are measured . "  Late Night " producer Lorne Michaels , who 's now executive producer of "  The Tonight Show , " has called Fallon "  the closest thing " this generation has to Carson . It appears it 's now time for Fallon to show and prove . CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	NEW : New York Times media reporter Bill Carter says Leno was "  on board with this " Fallon will replace Leno in spring 2014 Leno first left the show in 2009 but returned after his new show failed The new "  Tonight Show " will also return to New York
Abidjan , Ivory Coast  CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton praised the leader of Ivory Coast for progress made toward peace Tuesday but urged greater dialogue with the opposition to heal the wounds of a deadly political crisis . It 's a "  historic moment " for the Ivory Coast , Clinton said during a press conference with President Alassane Ouattara , who welcomed her to the presidential palace in the nation 's commercial capital , Abidjan . Clinton 's visit -- the first by a U.S. secretary of state to the west African nation in a quarter of a century -- comes just over a year after contested presidential polls , which led to widespread violence . The former French colony was gripped by a post-election crisis from December 2010 to April 2011 after former President Laurent Gbagbo refused to step down after his defeat in the presidential election of November 2010 . The United States was , along with France and the United Nations , a key ally of Ouattara in his conflict with Gbagbo . Gbagbo is now in The Hague , Netherlands , where he is accused of four counts of crimes against humanity for his role in attacks by forces loyal to him on those believed to be supporters of Ouattara , who was recognized internationally as the winner of the 2010 election . Prosecutors say more than 3,000 people died in the post-election violence . Parliamentary elections held in Ivory Coast in December were calm , but Gbagbo 's Front Populaire Ivoirien boycotted the vote , saying Ouattara 's government was fostering a climate of terror . Speaking alongside Ouattara , Clinton expressed her "  admiration for the progress achieved and gradual return to normality , which is a bearer of hope for peace and security . " But she also struck a warning note , saying reconciliation is needed . "  Securing these gains for democracy , prosperity and security -- for people around here and for your neighbors -- will require much work , " she said . "  It will be particularly important to include all voices , including those that are discordant , for the purpose of the political dialogue . " "  We trust , President  Barack  Obama and myself , that the Ivory Coast may be again the engine of economic growth for Ivorian people , but also for the entire region , " the secretary of state added . Rights group Amnesty International has said that crimes were committed by forces loyal to both sides in the post-election conflict , and has urged Ouattara 's government not to allow a culture of impunity . "  Amnesty International has repeatedly called upon the Ivorian authorities and the  International Criminal Court  prosecutor to investigate all crimes under international law committed by all parties , " the right group said in a statement in November . "  The organization has documented crimes against humanity , as well as war crimes , including murder , enforced disappearances , torture and crimes of sexual violence committed in the country , in particular between 2002 and May 2011 . " In Abidjan Tuesday , Ouattara spoke of his government 's "  firm determination to build a rule of law , impartial justice with respect for human rights . " Ouattara said Ivory Coast would carry out reforms to the cocoa producing sector , in which the United States has a big stake , by the end of the month . Ivory Coast is the world 's leading cocoa producer . Ouattara said he and Clinton had held a "  full discussion " on international diplomatic issues , as well as the position of the African continent on the world stage . Addressing Clinton , he said , "  You , and we , believe that peace is essential for the Ivory Coast to the African continent and the world . " While the Ivory Coast now enjoys peace , he said , building a strong relationship with the United States would help it meet the many challenges still ahead . Ouattara was welcomed by Obama at the White House in July 2011 , along with the presidents of Niger , Guinea and Benin , in recognition of democratic processes in those countries . Clinton was in Liberia on Monday , where she attended the inauguration of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf . She left the Ivory Coast early Tuesday afternoon to conclude her mini-tour in Togo and Cape Verde . The first U.S. secretary of state to visit Togo , Clinton met with President Faure Gnassingbe in Lome "  to demonstrate U.S. support for Togo 's democratic progress and economic reforms , " the State Department said . Togo was elected a non-permanent member of the Security Council of the United Nations last year . Journalist Eric Biantuadi contributed to this report .	Clinton visits Ivory Coast as part of a four-country tour of West Africa She praises the progress made but urges greater efforts toward reconciliation Ivory Coast was torn by post-election violence from December 2010 to April 2011 Former President Laurent Gbagbo now faces four counts of crimes against humanity
CNN  -- The police beating of a California homeless man has spawned a civil lawsuit in which a bar doorman claims he was fired after he cooperated with investigators and claimed his manager made a false report to police about the homeless man 's activities . Michael Reeves , who also worked as a security guard , is suing his former employer , the Slidebar Rock-N-Roll Kitchen in Fullerton , California , for more than $ 4 million , according to the lawsuit . Eric Dubin , attorney for Slidebar and its owner Jeremy Popoff , said Reeves ' claims are "  completely false and fabricated . " Reeves "  was simply fired for getting confrontational with a manager after he let girls in a side door , " Dubin said in an e-mail to CNN . "  He never mentioned any of these alleged claims to  the  DA when interviewed , during his sworn employment hearings for unemployment , nor in his signed termination papers last year . " Popoff , who 's also a guitarist and singer in the rock band Lit , is about to release an album , and the "  bogus " lawsuit was timed to that release , Dubin charged . "  We will fight this with everything we have , " Dubin said . According to the suit , Reeves ' manager called police on July 5 , 2011 , to falsely report that "  Kelly Thomas is in the parking lot breaking into cars . " Councilmen face recall over alleged beating death in California Thomas , 37 , a homeless man with schizophrenia , was severely beaten by Fullerton police and he later died in the hospital . In connection with his death , Officer Manuel Ramos , 37 , is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , and Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli , 39 , is charged with involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force . They have pleaded not guilty . On Wednesday , Reeves issued a statement in which he stated that "  a Slidebar manager called Fullerton Police and I heard her report that Kelly Thomas was in the parking lot breaking into cars . "  I knew her report to be false . I complained about that false report that night to my manager and continued to complain about the false report until the date I was terminated , on September 23 , 2011 , " said Reeves , who was hired in March 2010 . Reeves said in the lawsuit that Thomas was n't breaking into cars but rather was in a parking lot picking up cigarette butts . Reeves refused to adopt his employer 's "  false mantra that ` Slidebar had nothing to do with Kelly Thomas ' death , ' " said the lawsuit , filed last week . When managers realized "  that they , too , could face legal consequences for their involvement , not to mention the harm it would cause to Slidebar 's and  its owners '  images , they decided to terminate Mr. Reeves to keep him and law enforcement investigators as far away from Slidebar as possible , " the lawsuit said . Reeves was terminated two days after prosecutors announced they were pursuing criminal charges against Fullerton police officers , the lawsuit said . According to a review of the Thomas incident by an independent consultant hired by the Fullerton City Council , police received a call from a woman who referred to Thomas as "  Kelly " and said he was "  roaming the parking lot , " "  looking in cars , " "  pulling on handles , " and "  pacing through the cars and between each car , " the consultant 's report said . The Orange County District Attorney 's office was n't commenting Wednesday on the civil suit 's accusation of a false police report , a spokeswoman said . "  Just in general , we do n't comment on investigations , " chief of staff Susan Kang Schroeder of the district attorney 's office told CNN . The Slidebar website says the independently owned and operated establishment offers food , drinks and live music . "  We pride ourselves in offering a cool environment , free from idiots . So do n't act like one , or you will be asked to leave -- very politely of course . Have fun , rock on , be yourself ... just be cool , " the website says . City pays $ 1 million to mother of homeless man beaten to death by police ` Daddy , help ! They 're killing me ! ' CNN 's Casey Wian and Lindy Hall contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawsuit is "  bogus " and "  completely false and fabricated , " defense attorney says Michael Reeves is a doorman at Slidebar Rock-N-Rock Kitchen in Fullerton , California He alleges his manager made a false report about a homeless man "  breaking into cars " Kelly Thomas , the homeless man , was just picking up cigarette butts in a parking lot , Reeves claims
CNN  -- After three weeks of punishing losses to its currency the lira , Turkey 's central bank has taken what is being viewed as decisive action to reverse negative sentiment . At an emergency meeting Tuesday , the country 's main interest rate was raised by 4.25 percent to 12 percent . "  A hike in interest rates was necessary . And it needed to be decisive and credible and it was , " explains Marios Maratheftis , Global Head of Macro Research for Standard Chartered Bank . "  The decision exceeded market expectations and in my opinion it absolutely had to . " Central bankers in the most vulnerable emerging market economies are being forced into action . The Reserve Bank of India raised the country 's key interest rate by a quarter percentage point to 8 percent this week . South Africa 's central bank followed suit Wednesday . Their actions come as the U.S. Federal Reserve 's policy making group will decide this week whether to trim another $ 10 billion in bond purchases as it continues to unwind stimulus support . The initial response was positive : investors pushed up equity markets and emerging market currencies Wednesday , starting in southeast Asia . The interest rate hikes by the bigger emerging markets are seen as an effort to plug severe leaks in a monetary dike which threatened to drain reserves that were being used to defend their currencies . Economist Nouriel Roubini , speaking at the CNN emerging market roundtable at the World Economic Forum in Davos last week , described what we are witnessing as a perfect mini-storm which is being driven by the Federal Reserve , rising inflation , a slowdown in China 's manufacturing sector and large current account deficits in a handful of developing countries . Argentina was the trigger point last week due to high spending and a sudden lifting of currency controls . Now investors have moved on to focus their attention on what Morgan Stanley has called the Fragile Five : Brazil , Indonesia , India , South Africa and Turkey . They share a common economic DNA of large deficits , slowing growth and vulnerable currencies . South Africa 's finance minister Pravin Gordhan told me during a recent interview that the investment bank certainly has not done these economies any favors by marking them out last autumn . After a decade of blistering growth , emerging markets have had a severe , albeit delayed , fall from grace after the western-led global financial crisis that started in 2008 . Brazil is growing at less than a third of its 2010 rate of 7.5 percent , Russia at less than half and the same for Turkey . As the global sell-off triggered by Argentina unfolded last Friday , Ali Babacan , Turkey 's Deputy Prime Minister in charge of economic policy said : "  What 's happening in Turkey mostly is a repricing process not only just because of the U.S. Fed 's tapering but also recent political events have triggered some market volatility . " 2014 will be a challenging year on the political front . There are elections in each of the Fragile Five countries , which will just add to uncertainty . As a result , concerns remain that governments will try to resist taking any action that will curtail growth as voters prepare to go to the polls . Ongoing protests in Ukraine and Thailand have only added to a heightened sense of fragility in the developing world , where the rising middle classes in the developing world do not hesitate to take to the streets in their calls for change or solutions to their problems . A great deal has changed from the past financial crises in Asia and Latin America during the past two decades . With a couple of glaring exceptions , notably Argentina and Venezuela , most emerging market governments are trying to exercise greater discipline on macro economic policy and limiting their exposure to short term , dollar-denominated debt . Let 's see if market takes that into account as the U.S. central bank continues to change course .	Central bankers in vulnerable emerging market economies are taking action Rises seen as an effort to plug severe leaks which threaten to drain reserves Brazil , Indonesia , India , South Africa and Turkey are the focus of investor attention
CNN  -- Some house important corporate meetings ; others are family homes . Some are gearing up to welcome top athletes while others open their doors to school children each day . But all these buildings have one thing in common : This year they have won coveted architecture awards for innovative design and construction methods and for promoting sustainability . CNN puts the global spotlight on a handful of buildings that have been recognized not only for their good looks but for their green credentials too . Casa Locarno -- Locarno , Switzerland Overlooking Lago Maggiore in Switzerland , Casa Locarno was designed by Designyougo and insulated to low energy standards . Instead of using conventional heating , solar collectors on the roof provide energy for the low temperature under-floor heating , as well as for hot water during most months of the year . Award : Green Good Design 2011 Swarovski Headquarters -- Lake Zurich , Switzerland Located on the eastern shore of the Lake Zurich in Switzerland , the transparent building houses some 500 staff of crystal manufacturer Swarovski . The low-energy , horseshoe-shaped structure uses water from the nearby lake for heating and cooling . Award : Green Good Design 2011 OS House -- Racine , Wisconsin , United States This LEED Platinum-certified family house , located in the town of Racine on the edge of Lake Michigan , was built by Johnsen Schmaling Architects to achieve maximum natural cross-ventilation and make the most of its solar exposure . It features a compact structured plumbing system with low-flow fixtures on taps and shower heads and an on-demand hot water circulating pump . Award : AIA 2011 COTE Top Ten Green Projects Velodrome -- London , United Kingdom Sitting at the north of London 's Olympic Park , the Velodrome will open its doors this summer to welcome thousands of track cycling fans during the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games . Designed by Hopkins Architects and built to be lightweight and efficient to reflect the design of a bicycle , it is is one of the most sustainable Olympic Park venues . Strategically positioned roof lights allow the use of abundant daylight , while openings in the venue 's external timber cladding help to achieve natural ventilation . Award : RIBA FUSMH -- Madison , Wisconsin , United States The First Unitarian Society Meeting House was designed by the Kubala Washatko Architects and is a 20,000-square-foot addition to the historic Meeting House in Madison , Wisconsin . The LEED-Gold certified building is about 40 % more efficient than a comparable building that does n't contain the same innovations . Carbon dioxide sensors trigger a ventilation system that provides energy savings when spaces are not occupied , while more than 90 % of regularly-occupied areas are daylit . Award : AIA 2011 COTE Top Ten Green Projects House in Shimogamo -- Kyoto , Japan "  To be able to see green from every room . " This was the request made to designers , Edward Suzuki Associates , of this two-storied building , in the northern part of Kyoto , Japan . The modern house features a circular screen of frosted glass , behind of which there is a green zone that strikes a pleasant contrast to the industrialized material . Award : Green Good Design 2011 Sandal Magna School -- Wakefield , United Kingdom This community primary school in Wakefield is one of the most carbon-efficient schools in the United Kingdom . Inside , all services and building elements are visible and make the school itself a valuable tool for teaching about sustainability . Sarah Wigglesworth Architects made sure that ecological features include completely natural ventilation through wind towers and on-site energy generation for heating and cooling . Award : RIBA Livestrong Foundation -- Austin , Texas , United States This 1950s-era warehouse , which previously had no windows , was "  adaptively reused " by Lake | Flato Architects and transformed into a LEED Gold-certified building . Nearly 90 % of the materials from the demolition of the old building were recycled and used in the new structure . As part of the changes , the workers put windows in the roof that harvest Texas ' ample daylight for the main workspace . Award : AIA 2011 COTE Top Ten Green Projects Ixsir Winery -- Basbina , Lebanon Overlooking Basbina in northern Lebanon , this winery combines a restored 400-year-old feudal house with a modern-built , green-skinned  walls or roof of any building that have green capability e.g. they could have plants growing in them  structure . Designed by Raed Abillama Architects , its cellar spaces are buried within the ground as a thermal sponge , creating the needed equilibrium of temperature and humidity . Award : Green Good Design 2011 Park Hotel Hyderabad -- Hyderabad , India This five-star luxury boutique hotel in Hyderabad , India , achieved the first LEED Gold certification for a hotel in India in 2010 and was designed by SOM . The project is distinctive for its implementation of sustainable design strategies , with special focus on daylighting : Perforated and embossed metal screens over a high-performance glazing system allow ample diffused daylight to enter the interior spaces . Award : Green Good Design 2011 Cherokee Studios -- Los Angeles , United States This mixed-use housing project in LA was designed by Brooks + Scarpa Architects to make the most of the the mild local climate with passive cooling strategies of cross-ventilation and thermal convection . The entire regularly-occupied building area is daylit and can also be ventilated with operable windows . Award : AIA 2011 COTE Top Ten Green Projects Marco Polo Tower -- Hamburg , Germany Designed by Behnisch Architeckten , the Marco Polo Tower brings together a high-end residential project with a holistic ecological building concept . The recessed facades are protected from direct sun by the carefully designed projecting balconies , vacuum collectors on the roof using a heat exchanger turn heat into a cooling system for the apartments . Solar collectors on the roof provide the necessary energy to warm water for the apartments and the communal fitness area . Photograph by Roland Halbe . Award : Green Good Design 2011	CNN presents a selection of eco-friendly buildings that were honored this year Eco-friendly buildings include schools , homes , sports arenas and office buildings Awarded by Royal Institute of British Architects and American Institute of Architects among others
The Mexican Senate has just passed , 72-2 , an 8 % tax on candy , chips and other high-calorie foods . It continues to debate a special additional tax of about 8 cents per liter on sugary soda . You can understand why Mexican leaders are worried about their nation 's eating habits . Mexicans consume more sugary soft drinks per person than any other people on earth . Mexico suffers the highest incidence of diabetes among the 34 countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development . Mexicans are more likely to be obese even than Americans , the next runner-up . Taxes on junk foods constitute just a part of a vast fiscal reform proposed by Mexico 's new president , Enrique Pea Nieto . The overall plan aims to rationalize tax collections , curtail tax evasion and shift Mexico away from dependence on oil revenues . That 's all a topic for another day . The question for today is : Will fat taxes work ? There 's reason for pessimism . In 2011 , Denmark became the first country to impose a tax on fatty foods . Less than a year later , it became the first country to abolish the tax . In the words of the Danish tax ministry : "  The fat tax and the extension of the chocolate tax , the so-called sugar tax , has been criticized for increasing prices for consumers , increasing companies ' administrative costs and putting Danish jobs at risk . At the same time it is believed that the fat tax has , to a lesser extent , contributed to Danes traveling across the border to make purchases . " Economists doubt that the moderate tax increases imposed in Denmark or proposed for Mexico will suffice to alter behavior . Adjusting for inflation , soda prices have declined by nearly 40 % in the last three decades , and soda consumption was already disturbingly high in 1980 . To counteract such a price drop would require very large tax increases . But high soda taxes would likely encourage smuggling , tax evasion and other efforts to game the system . It might work better to pay people to eat better , rather than tax them for making unhealthy choices . Britain 's Daily Telegraph reported in 2012 on a study at Northwestern University in which participants were offered cash if they ate more fruits and vegetables and exercised more . Researchers were surprised to see that the participants kept up their new good habits even after the payments stopped , according the study 's lead author , Bonnie Spring . "  We thought they 'd do it while we were paying them , but the minute we stopped they 'd go back to their bad habits . But they continued to maintain a large improvement in their health behaviors . " The Mexican fat-tax experiment is n't bolstered by payouts of pesos . But it 's probably still worth a try , and for three reasons : First , the Danish failure is not dispositive . Denmark is a small place with a lively tradition of cross-border shopping . From Copenhagen , it is an easy 35-minute drive to Malmo , Sweden 's third-largest city . Southern Denmark conveniently adjoins shopping in northern Germany . Mexico 's population is concentrated in and around the capital city , far from any border . Second , while incentives may work better than penalties in controlled experiments , it seems administratively unfeasible to operate such schemes on any large scale . It 's one thing to weigh and pay 204 people , a very different thing to weigh and pay millions of them . Finally Mexico 's obesity problem is much worse than Denmark 's -- and trending fast in the wrong direction . Even marginal improvements are worth pursuing there . In particular , simply reducing Mexican soda consumption could yield substantial benefits . When things are bad enough , policymakers have more reason to say : "  What the heck , it 's worth a try . " There 's one last thing that needs to be said about Mexico 's emerging experiment with fat taxes . When Americans talk about immigration from Mexico , there exists a tendency to speak of Mexico as a nation of desperate poverty , a kind of Somalia on the Caribbean , from which people naturally wish to flee by any means possible . In fact , by any global standard , Mexico is a reasonably successful country . Mexico is not especially poor : Gross domestic product per capita is well above the global median . Within the Americas , Mexico is poorer than Chile and Argentina , but richer than Brazil and oil-producing Venezuela . Mexico 's election system is fairer , more impartial and more reliable than that of the United States . Mexico is a country of free speech and free exercise of religion . It scores poorly on international rankings of social mobility . But so does the United States , and the indications are that Mexicans who migrate to the United States face particularly poor opportunities here . There is one respect , however , in which Mexico has historically done poorly : providing enough work for all its people . Mexico 's economy is slowed by a wasteful and expensive public sector and by rules biased toward monopoly and oligopoly in the private sector . Mexican elites have historically preferred to address their employment problems by encouraging the discontented to migrate northward . Almost one in 10 of people born in Mexico now live in the United States , mostly illegally . This migration has helped Mexico avoid reckoning with its domestic problems , by the simple device of transferring the people disadvantaged by those problems to another jurisdiction . Very understandably , Mexicans want jobs and higher wages . Aware that powerful interest groups in the United States have paralyzed the enforcement of immigration laws , many ambitious Mexicans have ignored U.S. law to seek those jobs and higher wages north of the border . That migration has had real costs for Americans , however . And when it is suggested that those who migrated illegally be pressed to return home , immigration advocates respond with horror : How can any decent person propose such a thing ? Return these destitute people home to starve ? But as the Mexican Senate acknowledges , Mexicans are not fleeing starvation . Just the opposite . Americans should pay Mexico the respect of acknowledging its success and advances -- and expect in return that Mexican authorities will respect American law and cooperate in its enforcement .	David Frum : Mexican Senate passed junk food tax and is mulling a tax on sugary soda He says tax on junk foods is part of Mexican president 's fiscal reform Frum says such a tax failed in Denmark , but Mexico 's problem is worse and worth try anyway Frum : Problem raises issue of whether illegal immigrants to U.S. are really fleeing starvation
CNN  -- Two people were killed and several others injured in a shooting at a barbershop in Detroit on Wednesday , said police spokeswoman Kelly Miner . It was not immediately clear whether there was one shooter or more , she said . An investigation is under way . Miner was not aware of any arrests . The shooting took place at a barber shop on the city 's east side , she said . "  What happened was somebody at the barber shop heard all this commotion , opened the door . And then shots were fired into the barber shop , " Miner told CNN affiliate WXYZ . Eight people were wounded and were rushed to hospitals , the affiliate reported . CNN 's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report .	New : CNN affiliate reports that 8 people were injured She is not aware of any arrests It was not immediately clear whether there was one shooter or more
Milan , Italy  CNN  -- Actor George Clooney and soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo could be called as witnesses in the trial of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on charges of sex with an underage prostitute , the court announced Wednesday . Prosecutors allege Berlusconi paid for sex repeatedly with an underage prostitute and later tried to pull strings to get her out of jail when she was arrested for theft . Berlusconi resigned earlier this month over his country 's debt crisis , bringing to an apparent end an 18-year era in which he dominated Italian politics . Prosecutors say Berlusconi had sex 13 times with underage dancer Karima el Mahroug , nicknamed "  Ruby the heart-stealer . " They allege the prime minister abused his position when he intervened in May 2010 to get her released from the jail where she was being held on charges of theft . El Mahroug has said she never had sex with Berlusconi and that she lied to him about her age , telling him she was 24 . Clooney and Ronaldo are being called because they attended parties at Berlusconi 's house , the former prime minister 's lawyer said . "  They will say what really happened at Berlusconi 's house , " Niccolo Ghedini said . The lawyer also complained about the number of hearings Berlusconi has to attend . He 's facing separate trials on corruption charges in addition to the Ruby trial , and has been in court all week , Ghedini said . "  We have 40 hearings from now to May , " Ghedini said . Journalist Livia Borghese contributed to this report .	NEW : Berlusconi 's lawyer complains about the number of trials the ex-PM has to attend Prosecutors allege Berlusconi paid for sex repeatedly with an underage prostitute They say he tried to pull strings to get her out of jail Berlusconi resigned earlier this month
CNN  Katherine Patrick was 14 years old when Massachusetts legalized same-sex marriage . Now 25 , the "  first daughter " of the first state to legalize same-sex marriage is engaged to be married , her father , Gov. Deval Patrick , has announced . "  The Governor and Mrs. Patrick joyfully announce the engagement of their daughter Katherine Wintersmith Patrick to Alisha Marie Lemieux of New Bedford , " read a statement released by the outgoing governor 's office . Patrick , a doctoral student studying psychology , and Lemieux , a 21-year-old undergraduate , live in the San Francisco Bay area . Patrick , who was elected three years after the state 's landmark ruling , said he 's considering running for president one day . His two-term tenure as governor comes to an end Thursday with the inauguration of Republican Charlie Baker .	Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick announces daughter 's engagement Katherine Patrick , 25 , will marry partner Alisha Lemieux , 21 Massachusetts became first state to legalize same-sex marriage in 2003
CNN  -- Once again , the streets are electric with anger after a white police officer evades charges for fatally shooting a black man . Sirens screech and wood batons push back marchers protesting from Missouri to New York to Los Angeles . This time the cadence of "  No Justice , No Peace " has been replaced with "  Hand 's Up . Do n't Shoot . " But there was another sign raised above the crowd in a recent protest in New York : "  Doing Nothing with Saying Nothing . Changes Nothing . " The mathematics of this one are clear . Something 's got ta give . A loose network led by African Americans in the film and arts world has emerged from the fog of tear gas to call for a quiet riot in response : a boycott of Black Friday shopping . Ryan Coogler , who directed the 2013 film about police brutality called "  Fruitvale Station , " told us he was confounded by the eruptions of "  human rights violations committed by public servants . " "  There are three ways you can express yourself , " Coogler said . "  You can vote . You can protest . You can choose how you spend your money that goes to America 's corporations that hold a lot of power . " "  We 've got to fight the powers that be ! " proclaimed Public Enemy 's Chuck D in 1989 . With the embers of Ferguson still smoldering , it is clear that the struggle continues . But by taking their purchasing power away on retailers ' favorite day of the year , the voice of blacks in America , and their allies , may echo more loudly in its absence from shopping malls and big box stores . Earning less than whites and unemployed at more than double the national average , African Americans still have $ 1 trillion in buying power , according to Nielsen . They spend more on media , watch more television , shop more frequently off and online and spend more on beauty products than any other ethnic group in the country . That is serious sway . People who make movies also have sway -- people such as Ava DuVernay , director of the upcoming film "  Selma " and actors Michael B. Jordan  "  The Wire "  and Nate Parker  "  The Secret Life of Bees "  . #BlackOutBlackFriday has even produced its own minifilms to fuel this modern version of the bus boycotts . One of them features an interview with the daughter of Eric Garner , who describes losing her father to police violence . Garner was choked to death by police who suspected he might be selling "  loosies " or loose cigarettes . In his grand jury testimony , Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson said the man he shot to death , Michael Brown , might have been suspected of stealing "  cigarillos " at a convenience store . Our own contribution to this tragically revived conversation is the Starfish Media Group documentary "  Black and Blue " . It includes Garner 's story and other shocking videos and stories of police brutality . The #BlackOutBlackFriday videos alone make the case for change . "  Social media and the technology , with respect to camera phones , empowers every single person who has access to a device , " Parker told us . These are the kind of media people could be watching ahead of Black Friday , rather than falling prey to commercial plugs to shop . The outcry over police brutality ca n't end with the Thanksgiving news cycle . President Barack Obama ca n't just promise to take a look -- yet another look -- at how the police interact with the public . Public frustration over policing did n't boil over only because of Michael Brown 's death . It did because of the daily indignities that have become common for black people . These boycott organizers feel that helplessness as they watch the police violence spinning out of control and do n't know how to stop it . It 's not like you can dial 911 . To Darren Wilson , who shot Michael Brown "  the whole thing started over ` will you just walk on the sidewalk . ' " Then suddenly the man he called a "  demon " was dead , he washed his hands of blood and stowed his gun . He faced no judicial accountability after 25 days of grand jury investigation . A 2013 Pew Research Center survey showed that 7 of 10 blacks felt they were being treated less fairly than whites by police . A Gallup poll that same year found that nearly 25 % of all black males from ages 18 to 34 reported being treated unfairly by police in the past 30 days . "  This is not a one-day thing , " DuVernay told us . "  What #blackoutblackfriday is trying to do is to create ongoing pressure to change the conversation among conscious people of all colors . " They might achieve more by opting out of the system than by opposing it . Your presence is sometimes felt by your absence .	Soledad O'Brien , Rose Arce : Instead of Ferguson violence , blacks can use economic power They say blacks in arts urge a Black Friday boycott to make voices heard through absence They say police brutality is rampant and outcry ca n't end with the news cycle Writers : Blacks might achieve more by opting out of system rather than opposing it
CNN  -- Championship leader Jorge Lorenzo grabbed pole position for Sunday 's Malaysian MotoGP with a record-breaking lap in qualifying at the Sepang International Circuit on Saturday . The Yamaha rider clocked a time of two minutes 00.334 seconds towards the end of the one-hour qualifying session , breaking the circuit record  two minutes 00.518 seconds  set by Italy 's Valentino Rossi three seasons ago . "  I managed to set a new lap time in the last lap with new tyres . Pole position is a very good position but we need to set-up the bike -LSB- for Sunday -RSB- , " the Spaniard said . Gallery : Marco Simoncelli remembered His compatriot Dani Pedrosa will start Sunday 's race from second with Italy 's Andrea Dovizioso third . Reigning champion Casey Stoner from Australia finished fourth with Britain 's Cal Crutchlow one place further back . America 's Ben Spies took sixth place on the grid . Lorenzo is currently 28 points ahead of Honda 's Pedrosa who has closed the gap on the championship leader in recent weeks , winning four of the last five races . Casey Stoner , who returned to action last weekend after recovering from an ankle injury sustained at the Indianapolis MotoGP in August , is third in the overall standings 113 points behind Lorenzo .	Spain 's Jorge Lorenzo on pole for Sunday 's Malaysian MotoGP after flying lap at Sepang Circuit Nearest championship rival Dani Pedrosa will start race in second with Andrea Dovizioso third Lorenzo currently 28 points ahead of his compatriot with three races remaining
Founded in 1805 in Geneva , Pictet & Cie is today one of Switzerland 's largest private banks , and one of the premier independent asset management specialists in Europe . Moreover , it is considered one of the leading independent asset management banks in Europe . Pictet & Cie is a partnership owned and managed by eight general partners with unlimited liability for the bank 's commitments . "  Banque de Candolle Mallet & Cie " was founded on 23 July 1805 . It was run by two partner-managers , Jacob-Michel Franois de Candolle and Jacques-Henry Mallet , and three limited partners , Jean-Louis Mallet , Paul Martin and Jean-Louis Falquet . Following a period of relative stagnation , marked by two world wars and the economic depression of the 1930s , Pictet & Cie began to develop extensively from the 1950s on . Despite the negative outlook in the aftermath of war , the western world experienced a period of prosperity and economic growth . Geneva became one of the world 's leading diplomatic and financial centres . Since the turn of the millennium , the Pictet Group has experienced some significant changes and events , such as its continued strong growth , the Bank 's Bicentennial in 2005 and , the following year , the inauguration of its new headquarters in Acacias , Geneva . The company boasts more than CHF 430 billion  $ 390 billion  in assets under management and custody as at end-September 2007 . The Group employs over 2,800 people in the following locations : Geneva , Lausanne , Zurich , Barcelona , Florence , Frankfurt , Madrid , Milan , Paris , London , Luxembourg , Rome , Turin , Montreal , Nassau , Dubai , Singapore , Hong Kong and Tokyo . E-mail to a friend	Pictet & Cie is one of Switzerland 's largest private banks , founded in 1805 Managed by eight general partners with unlimited liability for its commitments In 2007 , Pictet boasts more than $ 390 billion in assets under management , custody
London , England  CNN  -- British pensioner Ethel Kendall was "  only 72 " when she left the United Kingdom in 1986 to be closer to her family in Canada . At the time , she was receiving the full British pension of just over # 38  $ 58  a week . Twenty-four years later , she is still receiving the same amount , and after a European Court of Human Rights ruling Tuesday she is not likely to receive any more . "  You know this is n't about me , " the 96-year-old told CNN on the phone from her home in Canada . "  It 's about the British government 's deception and dishonesty . Our contributions were deducted from source with the clear understanding that we would get a full pension on retirement , but somewhere along the lines they changed the rule . In my book , in our book , they 're guilty of both fraud and deception . " Kendall is one of more than half a million British expatriates living in countries including Canada , South Africa , Australia and New Zealand , whose pensions are not linked to inflation . On Tuesday , the European Court of Human Rights ruled by a majority of 11 to six that the British government had not breached their human rights by failing to "  up-rate " their pensions to bring them into line with the cost of living . Under British rules , pensioners in a number of countries who do not have reciprocal agreements with the UK receive the same pension they were entitled to in the year they left Britain . People who emigrated before retirement age receive the amount they would have received at retirement age in the UK . In Britain , men qualify for a pension at 65 , women at 60 . A British expatriate who retires to Australia , for example , receives less money each week than if they had contributed the same amount during their working life and then emigrated to Barbados , Croatia , the Philippines , the United States , or one of more than 40 countries which do have reciprocal UK agreements . Margaret Oxley moved to South Africa at the age of 23 after World War II . Now in her 80s , she receives a UK pension of just # 2  $ 3  a week . "  The exchange rate is ten to one . Then the bank takes charges you see . No , you ca n't survive . A loaf of bread is ten rand . I get around 20 rand a week . So it 's really not worth bothering about , " she said . Aging expatriates who have seen their pensions dwindle due to inflation and the falling value of the pound have been campaigning for change . The first court case was brought against the UK government in 2002 by Annette Carson , a British resident who moved to South Africa in 1989 . According to court documents , she receives a basic state pension of # 67.50  $ 103  -- # 14.55  $ 22  less than she would have received if her pension was index-linked . After failing to make her case in the British High Court , she took her claim to the British Court of Appeal and then the House of Lords . Many saw this week 's ruling in the European Court of Human Rights as the last legal avenue for recourse , but they are reluctant to give up the fight . "  I do n't think we 're going to make it the end of the road , " said John Markham , director of UK parliamentary affairs for the International Consortium of British Pensioners . "  Certainly I think we 're going to mobilize public opinion with the new parliament , " he added , referring to the upcoming British election expected on May 6 . The Vice President of the British Australian Pensioners Association , James Nelson said : "  Now it is up to the people still working or living in Britain to tell their government that they will no longer stand for this injustice . By paying increases in some countries and withholding them in others , the UK government severely limits our freedom of choice regarding where we can retire . " It is estimated that around 250,000 British pensioners living in Australia are affected by the British policy . "  This is a devastating result and it will affect the lives of many British expat pensioners . The living standards of many will only continue to decline , " said Jim Tilley , Chairman of British Pensions in Australia , who says one elderly woman there receives less than # 7  $ 10  a week after moving to the country in 1974 . In a short statement , the British Department for Work and Pensions said it had noted that the court found in favor of the government . "  We do not therefore plan to make any changes to the current arrangements , which allow for the exportability and up rating of UK State Pensions . " Ethel Kendall is still angry . Not only for herself , she says , but for the pensioners in Britain who may now be reluctant to leave . "  There are many very lonely people we know in the UK who would give anything to come to Canada to join their families but they do n't take that risk , " she said . A former nurse , Kendall worked part-time during and after World War II to ensure she could continue to support her three sons should anything happen to her husband . He was injured but lived for another 26 years after the war ended . A few years after his death , Kendall remarried . Only after losing her second husband in the mid-1980s did she move to join her family in Canada . She sold her home when prices were low but she says it did n't take long before her capital was eroded and she was relying on her UK pension for basic needs . "  It finished up with my family , not exactly subsidizing me with money , but buying big things for me , " she said . "  I 'm 96 now . I 've been fortunate ; Canada has been good to me . I 've been in subsidized housing for 20 years but it should n't be that way . " If her pension was indexed Kendall would be receiving # 82  $ 125  a week , more than twice as much as she does now . "  We 'd be lucky the way things are going now if we get a dollar for a pound . So , # 82 would be a darn sight better . "	British pensioner Ethel Kendall left the UK in 1986 to be closer to her family in Canada 24 years later , she is still receiving the same pension of just over # 38  $ 58  a week After a European Court of Human Rights ruling she is not likely to receive any more Over half a million British expatriates ' pensions are not linked to inflation
CNN  -- The Ohio State University Marching Band , known for entertaining fans at sporting events with hypnotic formations choreographed to music , was also known among university insiders for a culture that facilitated sexual harassment , according to an investigative report . Marching band director Jonathan Waters was fired Thursday after the report 's release , Ohio State University President Michael Drake said . Waters ' lawyer said his client was a "  convenient scapegoat " who tried to change a sexual climate that predated his tenure as director . Waters had known for years about the "  sexualized " environment surrounding the band , in which members had to swear an oath of secrecy to protect its "  objectionable traditions and customs , " according to an investigation report released by the Office of University Compliance and Integrity . He failed to eliminate and prevent the recurrence of this climate , the report said . A parent of a marching band member alerted the office to the problem , the report said . "  Nothing is more important than the safety of our students , " Drake said . "  We expect every member of our community to live up to a common standard of decency and mutual respect and to adhere to university policies . " The report described traditions such as the "  midnight ramp , " in which band members entered the stadium through a ramp wearing only their underwear . Staff members , including Waters , were present for the annual event , the report alleges . Nicknames , many sexually explicit , were given to new members each year by upperclassmen as well as a "  trick , " an act often simulating sexually explicit acts that usually corresponded with the nickname . These tricks were to be performed by members "  on command or at their own volition , " the report said . When Waters was asked by investigators about the offensive nicknames , he said "  50 % " were probably "  questionable , " according to the report . After being told that sexual nicknames were not appropriate , investigators asked Waters why he tolerated the practice . He responded , "  good point , " the report alleges . The tricks , however , were not performed in front of staff , according to several witnesses interviewed in the report . New band members also took part in "  rookie introductions , " where they stood at the front of a bus en route to games and answered sexual questions or told dirty jokes before walking to the back of the bus "  while other students attempted to remove articles of clothing , " the report said . Waters ' lawyer , David Axelrod , said his client was named acting director in February 2013 but that the objectionable acts laid out in the report started many years before . Waters had previously served in other staff positions and was a sousaphone player in the band as a student from 1995 to 1999 , the report said . The marching band , which calls itself "  the best damn band in the land , " consists of 225 members and garnered international attention in 2013 for its halftime show tribute to Michael Jackson , which has over 10 million views on YouTube . "  During his time as director he did everything he could to stop this , " Axelrod said . The university has appointed former Ohio Attorney General Betty Montgomery to lead an independent task force to further investigate and ensure steps are taken to change the band culture , Drake said . It is unclear what steps Waters will take next , Axelrod said . "  In one way or another Jon is going to fight to restore his name . Jon was Ohio State . He bleeds scarlet and gray , " Axelrod said . "  He wo n't let his beloved alma mater take away his good name . " Read the university 's statement on the Ohio State Marching Band culture 2013 : FAMU 's "  Marching 100 " returns from suspension for hazing death 55 colleges under investigation over handling of sexual violence complaints	The Ohio State Marching Band facilitated a culture of "  sexual harassment , " a report says The university president fired band director Jonathan Waters , a former band member Waters ' lawyer said his client tried to change a sexual climate that predated his tenure
CNN  -- Spanish soccer giants Real Madrid increased the value of their club by 76 % over the past year to usurp Manchester United as the world 's most valuable football team . A study by financial experts Forbes found that Real Madrid 's value now stands at $ 3.3 billion , knocking the English Premier League champions elect off the top of the list for the first time since the study began in 2004 . Confounding the increasingly difficult economic conditions in Spain , Real , managed by Portuguese coach Jose Mourinho , have increased revenues to $ 650 million . Their operating income of $ 134 million is second only to the $ 227 million amassed by the NFL 's Dallas Cowboys , which is the highest of all sports teams . Manchester United , on the brink of securing a record 20th English top flight title , increased their value by 42 % to $ 3.17 billion , according to Forbes . Despite dropping to second behind Real , United have boosted revenues with a share issue and by signing bumper sponsorship deals . Their seven-year shirt sponsorship deal with U.S. car giant Chevrolet is worth $ 559 million while an eight-year agreement with insurance firm Aon is thought to be worth $ 230 million . All England 's top flight clubs have been boosted by an increase in television revenue with the combined domestic and overseas rights having the potential to top $ 6 billion , Forbes say . Real 's arch rivals Barcelona are third on the list with a value of $ 2.6 billion , English club Arsenal lie fourth on $ 1.32 billion while German champions Bayern Munich sit fifth on $ 1.3 billion . The top 20 clubs , all but one of which are European , are worth an average of $ 968 million , which is up 26 % on last year . David Beckham , who now plays for French club Paris Saint-Germain , is again the best-paid soccer star with earnings of $ 50.6 million while Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo is second on $ 43.5 m. Barcelona 's Lionel Messi is third on $ 40.3 m. Forbes say they value teams by calculating their "  enterprise values  equity plus debt  that are based on multiples of revenue that teams garner from television , premium seating , media , licensing , merchandise and concessions . " But speaking to CNN , sports business expert Simon Chadwick questioned the relevance of measuring value in this way . "  Real Madrid , Manchester United and Barcelona are all in the top-10 list of the most indebted clubs in the world , even if their revenue streams are healthy and strongly established , " he said . "  The implication of measuring value in this way seems to be that many clubs in the top-10 are simply buying their success by signing players , building debt and winning trophies . "  It will be interesting to see the extent to which the UEFA Financial Fair Play initiative moderates valuations in coming Forbes league tables . " UEFA 's new rules are designed to make Europe 's clubs live within their means and attempt to break even each year , though there is an allowance for debt in the initial stages of their strategy . Chadwick believes the figures underline just how immune soccer is to the financial difficulties being experienced in Europe . He says the upward spiral shows no signs of abating . "  While football clubs clearly have tremendous financial value and commercial potential , some of the figures being reported here are staggering , " he added . "  For Real Madrid to almost double its financial value in 12 months is incredible , especially set against the backdrop of economic austerity  particularly in Spain  and competition from other sports and industrial sectors . "  If these figures are a truly accurate and rigorous measure of value , then they are stunning . Even at the top-end of the game , clubs are relatively underdeveloped as commercial entities . "  With changes in management practice , a stronger commercial emphasis , and global marketplace development , then one can only speculate how much further the value of top clubs might increase . "	Real Madrid are the world 's most valuable football club according to Forbes Spaniards claim top spot from English club Manchester United for first time Real 's value increased by 76 % over the past year to stand at $ 3.3 billion Barcelona are ranked third in the list , Arsenal fourth and Bayern Munich fifth
Famed boxer Muhammad Ali was admitted to an undisclosed hospital Saturday with pneumonia , his spokesman Bob Gunnell said . Ali 's treatment prognosis is good , he said . "  Ali , who suffers from Parkinson 's disease , is being treated by his team of doctors and is in stable condition , " Gunnell said in a statement . The illness was caught early , and Ali , 72 , is not expected to be in the hospital long . "  At this time , the Muhammad Ali family respectfully requests privacy , " the statement said . Ali was born Cassius Clay and won an Olympic gold medal as a light-heavyweight at age 18 . In 1964 , he became world heavyweight champion in an upset victory against then champion Sonny Liston , according to Ali 's official website . Shortly thereafter changed his name to Muhammad Ali to reflect his conversion to Islam . The boxer was also known for his protest against the Vietnam War and refusal to be drafted into service out of religious conviction . He retired from boxing in 1981 and announced his diagnosis with Parkinson 's Disease three years later .	Former world heavyweight champion Muhammad Ali has pneumonia The illness was discovered quickly , Ali 's spokesman said He is expected to be out of the hospital soon Ali became heavyweight world champion for the first time in 1964
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- The mother of missing Florida toddler Caylee Anthony was arrested and charged Friday with forgery , fraudulent use of personal information and petty theft , the Orange County Sheriff 's Department said . Casey Anthony was taken into custody Friday night at her parents ' home in Orlando , Florida . The charges relate to Casey Anthony 's use of "  some monies and checks in an account that did not belong to her and she knew that , " Orange County Capt. Angelo Nieves said . Orange County Sheriff 's Department officers ushered a handcuffed Anthony through a crowd of protesters that had gathered outside her parents ' Orlando home . The protesters cheered as Anthony -- wearing a T-shirt with Caylee 's picture and the words "  Have you seen me ? " -- was taken to a unmarked police car . The dramatic scene played out live on CNN Headline News ' "  Nancy Grace . " Watch Casey Anthony being taken into custody " Anthony had been out on bail after being charged with child neglect , making false official statements and obstructing a criminal investigation into her daughter 's disappearance . On Thursday , a bounty hunter who had posted bond for Anthony said he planned to revoke the bond . Watch bounty hunter Leonard Padilla explain why he wants to revoke bond " The new charges carry an initial $ 3,000 bail , Nieves said . Anthony reported her 3-year-old daughter missing in July , a month after the last known sighting of her . Law enforcement sources said DNA evidence suggested that a strand of hair in the trunk of a car linked to Casey Anthony was Caylee 's . Nieves confirmed reports that tests had "  indicated human decomposition was present and located in the defendant 's vehicle . " After holding onto "  high hopes " that Caylee could be found alive , Nieves said Friday , "  that hope is somewhat diminished . " Anthony told police that a babysitter kidnapped Caylee , but police found inconsistencies in her story , according to police reports . Police learned of the car from Anthony 's mother , Cindy Anthony . At that time , Cindy Anthony told authorities that it smelled as if a dead body had been in the trunk . Cindy Anthony has since said she believes that her granddaughter is alive .	Casey Anthony led out of parents ' home Friday night past cheering crowd She is charged with forgery , fraudulent use of personal information , petty theft Anthony already accused of child neglect , making false statements , obstruction She had been out on bail in disappearance of 3-year-old daughter , Caylee
Monday 's CNN poll results just plain surprised , almost shocked me . When I saw the poll was due to be released , I expected the Republicans to be taking a beating considering the terms President Barack Obama and his staff have been using to describe them over the past 10 days  "  extremists , " "  people with a bomb strapped to their chest "  and the unfair , derogatory press coverage of their position . The results are so dramatically better for Republicans and worse for the Democrats and Obama than I expected that I was curious to see just how much better Republicans are faring during the shutdown of 2013  and how much worse the president and the Democrats are faring  than in comparable polls of the 1995-96 shutdowns . What I discovered was revealing and runs against the entire media narrative of this year 's struggle over the continuing resolution and the debt ceiling . Let 's start with the shutdowns during the Clinton administration when I was leading House Republicans . There were two : one in November 1995 and one in December '95 and early January 1996 . A CNN poll at the time showed Americans blamed Republicans over President Bill Clinton for the first shutdown by almost 2-to-1 , 49 % to 26 % . Republicans fared only a little better in the second shutdown of the mid - '90s . A CNN poll after it began showed the American people preferred Clinton 's approach to that of the Republicans by 52 % to 38 % . Sixty-two percent said they had negative feelings about the Republican leaders during that conflict , compared with only 49 % about Clinton . This is not to say the shutdowns were a strategic mistake . Quite the opposite : The enormous progress we made afterward -- four consecutive balanced budgets , welfare reform , the first tax cut in 16 years -- was a direct result of Republicans standing firm in 1995 and early 1996 . It proved to Clinton , and more importantly to the country , that we were serious about the ideas we had run on in 1994 . As a consequence , we were the first re-elected Republican majority in the House since 1928 . In the long run , in other words , the shutdowns did n't do us any damage , a fact Gallup documented recently . But as the above poll numbers suggest , most Americans were clearly frustrated during those shutdowns , and in the immediate term they blamed Republicans . In retrospect I brought some of this on us because I was very firm and clear beforehand that we were prepared to close the government if that was what it took to get an agreement to balance the federal budget . In a sense , Americans were right to blame  or credit  us with the shutdowns because we were in fact on offense , seeking a decisive change in government . As the first House Republican majority in 40 years , we were feeling empowered , and we probably showed it too clearly . There was another big reason why the public gave Clinton the benefit of the doubt , however . He was consistently willing to talk and to meet . People saw him as a reasonable guy trying to help get to a solution . And since Republicans controlled both the House and the Senate , the congressional Democrats were not a big part of the public drama . Because we were so openly pushing for a big change and Clinton was so willing to be reasonable , the American people naturally attributed the shutdowns to us and gave Clinton good marks for at least trying to negotiate . Today the situation is radically different . Virtually every Republican has learned from 1995-1996 . Republicans ' consistent refrain is that they do n't want to shut the government . They constantly say that they want to negotiate , to make a deal , and that they 're frustrated by Obama 's refusal to talk . The president , on the other hand , has taken the hard-line position that he will not negotiate , repeating this on television practically every day . In addition , he has used his office to cause as much pain to the people as he reasonably can , including very public and unnecessary pain for our soldiers , veterans and small business owners . This behavior strikes most Americans as offensive and unfair . I thought , however , that with the general bias of the press coverage -- the overemphasis on Republican dissent , the almost complete avoidance of covering Democrats who have split with their leaders to vote in favor of clean , piecemeal continuing resolutions to fund parts of the government , and the normal process of giving Obama a permanent benefit of the doubt -- that Monday 's poll results would have been better than 1995-96 but still clearly anti-Republican . The results were vastly better for the Republicans and worse for Obama than I expected . When asked in the CNN poll whom they are angry at , 63 % said Republicans , 58 % said Democrats and 53 % said Obama . That is a 10-point margin for the president and only a 5-point margin for Democrats , compared with a 23-point margin in November 1995 . Independents said they blamed all three equally  60 % GOP , 59 % Democrats , 58 % Obama  . This is so clearly within the margin of error that it is for all practical purposes a tie . After weeks of the media focusing blame on House Speaker John Boehner , Sen. Ted Cruz and the House Republicans , it is clear the American people are not buying it . There have been too many days of the president saying , "  I will not negotiate . " The country believes him . They can see he 's a big part of the reason the government is shut down . If House Republicans continue to pass targeted , clean continuing resolutions to fund parts of the government and Senate Republicans demand day after day for the right to vote on these popular measures , the margin of blame may begin shifting from virtual parity to a solidly Democratic problem . If the Republicans repeat every day their willingness to negotiate and Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid repeat every day their refusal to negotiate , this may become catastrophic for the Democrats .	Newt Gingrich : In shutdowns of 1990s , GOP was blamed much more than Democrats He says a new CNN poll shows that most people also blame Democrats this time Gingrich says President Obama 's refusal to negotiate is hurting his image He says GOP strategy is winning
CNN  -- It was five days before Christmas , and luckily for Gem the puppy , the creature was stirring on the trash-sorting conveyor belt . Workers at a trash - and recyclables-sorting facility in San Francisco found the poodle mix in a trash bag among other discarded material Friday evening -- just in time , because it was about to drop into a pile bound for a landfill , CNN affiliate KTVU reported . The discovery likely saved the apricot pup 's life . "  We could tell the puppy was still moving , and it was trying to crawl out of the bag itself , " Gregory Foster , a material handler at the Recology facility , told KTVU . "  Luckily we stopped the line in time before it actually fell off the belt into the pit . " The dog , believed to be a few months old , apparently was put in a bin of trash that Recology collected and drove to the facility . It was then put on the conveyor belt , where workers separate recyclables from landfill-bound trash , KTVU reported . The puppy was suffering from what appeared to be animal bites , San Francisco Animal Care and Control said . It had wounds to the neck , head and ears , CNN affiliate KGO reported . The animal control department named the puppy , noting it was a "  precious little gem " among the trash , department Capt. Le-Ellis Brown told KGO . The department said it is trying to determine who the puppy 's owner was , how it was injured and how it got into the trash . Veterinarians will help the puppy heal before it is put up for adoption , KGO reported .	Puppy found on trash conveyor belt at San Francisco trash-sorting facility "  Luckily we stopped the line in time , " worker tells CNN affiliate KTVU Dog suffering from bite marks Animal control department trying to find owner
CNN  -- Barcelona put a turbulent few months behind them by sweeping aside Elche 3-0 at the Nou Camp in their opening game of the Spanish season . Lionel Messi was the standout player as he scored twice and Barcelona dominated despite having Javier Mascherano sent off and playing the whole of the second half with ten men . The omens initially were not good for Barcelona . The club ended last season empty handed under Gerado Martino . The club 's president Sandro Rosell had to resign over alleged irregularities surrounding the Neymar transfer . And star striker Lionel Messi has been embroiled in allegations of tax avoidance . Black cat = bad luck ? But , more importantly , a black cat somehow found itself in the stadium a minute after kick off and delayed the match . It evaded several tackles before nonchalantly walking off the pitch on its own terms . A steward managed to grab the cat as it attempted to enter the stands and received several scratches for his troubles . Messi , perhaps taking a leaf out of the feline invader 's playbook , evaded several challenges of his own to fire Barcelona ahead before half time . But a few minutes later Barcelona were down to ten men when Mascherano brought down Elche striker Rodrigues . He was the last defender and , deservedly , received a straight red card . But you would n't have known that it was Barcelona down to ten men given their second half performance . They enjoyed 79 per cent of possession as Messi added a second . There was also a goal for 18 year old La Masia graduate Munir . The whereabouts of the black cat is currently unknown . The underdog 's underdog Meanwhile arguably one of the biggest underdogs in the history of top level Spanish football started life in La Liga with a shock victory . A few months ago it was n't even clear whether SD Eibar -- a club from a Basque town of just 28,000 people which had never played in the top tier of Spanish football before -- would even be allowed to play . The club appeared to fall foul of some idiosyncratic financial rules . Despite being self-sustaining and completely free of debt -- unlike a host of other Spanish clubs -- Eibar faced the prospect of relegation to Spanish football 's third tier . Idiosyncratic A 1999 decree requires every team to have a capital equal to 25 per cent of the average expenses of all sides in the second division , excluding the two clubs with the biggest outgoings and the two with the smallest . It meant Eibar had to raise    1.7 million  $ 2.3 million  if they wanted to play in the top division . But a social media campaign allowed the club to raise the necessary cash to compete , a campaign that Basque rivals Real Sociedad probably wish had failed . The two met in a Basque derby on the first day of the season , but it was Eibar that snatched a historic 1-0 victory thanks to Javi Lara 's first half free kick .	Barcelona stormed to an easy 3-0 win against Elche Black cat invades pitch before game , but does n't bring bad luck Barca reduced to 10 men , but Messi shines Minnows SD Eibar win first game
ORLANDO , Florida  CNN  -- Regrowing a fingertip cut off in an accident sounds like something from a futuristic movie . But with innovative technology developed by the U.S. Army , such regrowth is possible today . This remotely controlled robot , called BEAR , could help remove injured soldiers from battlefields . This research project and a hundred others were on display this month at the 26th Army Science Convention . Some the greatest minds in science from around the world gathered at the four-day conference to exchange ideas and showcase collaborative projects between the Army 's research laboratories , universities and partner industries . The main goal is to develop technology to make soldiers safer and more effective , said Thomas H. Killion , the Army 's chief scientist . The Army 's regenerative medicine study combined properties from the intestinal lining and the urinary bladder to create a regenerative substance called Extracellular Matrix . The cream-colored crystallized powder , called "  magic dust , " boosts the body 's natural tendency to repair itself , said U.S. Army Biological Scientist Sgt. Glen Rossman . When the matrix is applied to a missing digit or limb , "  the body thinks it 's back in the womb , " Rossman said . One civilian participated in the regenerative-medicine study after cutting off the tip of his finger in a model plane 's propeller . Researchers continually applied the matrix to the wound , and after four weeks , the body grew skin and tissue to replenish the damaged area . The U.S. military branches have begun a consortium with private institutions to develop treatments for severely injured troops . With the help of grants , the Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine is studying nerve and vein transplantation , treating burns without scarring and regeneration of tissue , skin and even bone . Through both animal studies and civilian clinical trials , the institute is developing therapies for the large number of soldiers injured by improvised explosive devices and other explosives in Afghanistan and Iraq . "  We are working on trying to regenerate limbs , to repair limbs and to keep them from being amputated , " institute Project Director Col. Bob Vandre said . Army scientists also have developed an engineered skin substitute made in a laboratory from patients ' own cells . A postage stamp-sized patch of skin could grow several times larger than the original sample . The engineered skin could then be placed over a wound or burn , protecting it from infection , and eventually cover large portions of the body that have been damaged . "  Our goal is to restore the function to our wounded warriors who have given so much in battle , " Vandre said . Armed Forces Institute scientists also say they also have developed a process to rebuild missing or damaged bone . A web-like tube of calcium-phosphate ceramic , called hydroxyapatite , acts as a biodegradable scaffold that is set in place of the missing bone , giving the body a platform on which to rebuild . Scientists say the scaffold allows the body to regrow its own natural tissue , bone and veins so it can support itself . Because of the complexity of the process , researchers so far have regrown only 3 centimeters of bone in clinical trials on rats , but they hope to reach 5 centimeters in two years . With the regrown bone , scientists could avoid placing titanium or other medical devices in the body . Of course , to apply this technology , the Army needs a way to safely remove injured soldiers from combat zones . Enter the Battlefield Extraction Assist Robot , or BEAR , a human-shaped machine with eyes , ears and arms for lifting heavy objects . Built by Vecna Technologies in association with the Army , BEAR is still a prototype . But its potential is promising . BEAR is outfitted with lights , two cameras and infrared abilities , and it can travel up to 10 mph . The device also can lift 250 pounds while balancing on its toes . Vecna robotic engineer Andrew Allen says BEAR can be remotely operated , reducing the chance of injuries to soldiers ' human rescuers . "  BEAR can easily be replaced ; it costs money and not lives , " Allen said . Robot technology has exploded in the past six years , said Army scientist John Parmentola . Robot prototypes of all kinds were on display at the conference , and about 10,000 military robots are expected to be deployed in the field in 2009 . Robots can be outfitted to accomplish various tasks . One can detect 38 different chemical or biological explosives from a distance of 3 to 5 meters . The robot could be used to scan car doors or truck lids for explosives or chemical residue . Another , called Packbot , is deployed in Iraq for surveillance , reconnaissance and explosives removal . Packbot has been outfitted to react to voice commands , given remotely through an earpiece . Loud background noises do not distort the commands , because the system monitors the vibrations of the operator 's jawbone . Finally , some robots come with a retractable apparatus called a Zipper Mast or Situational Awareness Mast , which can be equipped with a camera or antenna and raised to peer over walls or send radio communications . The smallest Zipper Mast is not much bigger than a coffee pot and can extend to a height of 8 feet . Designed by the U.S. Army 's Tank Automotive Research , Development and Engineering Center , the larger mast is affixed to tanks and can reach heights over 30 feet .	Cutting-edge technology on display at U.S. Army Science Convention Some of greatest minds in science gathered at four-day conference in Florida Regenerative-medicine research could help injured soldiers regrow tissue and bone Remotely controlled robots could help remove wounded from combat zones
The first thing you notice about New York 's Ellis Island hospital is its sheer scale . Twenty-two buildings are perched proudly on the island 's south side , their original vocations ranging from maternity ward , to psychiatric unit , to the contagious disease wing . The Ellis Island hospital complex , used between 1902 and 1930 , was where immigrants were checked before being allowed onshore . Here , within view of the Statue of Liberty , babies were born , people died , and a constant stream of patients with new illnesses arrived . It was the biggest public health initiative the U.S. had ever attempted and now , it is open to the public for the first time in 60 years . The hospital 's record is impressive . No epidemic on the U.S. mainland was ever attributed to an immigrant that came through its checking system . "  There were fears of epidemics " the museum historian Barry Moreno told me . Cholera had broken out in New York in the 1890s , and "  there were fears of smallpox ... and typhus . But there was no epidemic that ever stemmed from here . " The hospital , he added , "  played a very big role in screening immigrants . " The second thing that hits you is the hospital complex 's authenticity . It looks like the dust has settled on a fire drill , from which no one returned . Single stools are left overturned . Buckets are left on top of closets , and bed frames lie rusty but intact in corners . The complex has survived extreme elements . Two years ago hurricane Sandy crippled the north side of the Island , closing the immigration museum there for a year . But the hospital stood firm , testament to a time when buildings were built "  very sturdily , " Moreno says . One of the volunteer tour guides at the hospital , Tony Mrozinski , takes me into the morgue , where raked concrete benches tower over the area where autopsy tables once stood . "  People always ask me , " he says , "  when the concrete was restored . I tell them : ` it was n't . ' " The third thing you notice is what makes this place so addictive to the curious visitor . It 's the blend of adversity and opportunity . Patients were subject to suffering and humiliation , but they received top-class treatment and the opportunity of a new life . Ellis Island has been described as an island of hope , an island of tears -- and the two fit in the same breath . This is not only a halfway house between origin and destination , but between captivity and free will , sickness and health . As part of its opening , the hospital French artist JR has created an installation inside its brick maze . JR has taken original photographs of the patients and doctors that walked its corridors , enlarging them to life-size and pasting them on the crumbling walls , windows and doors . Janis Calella , president of the government-funded Save Ellis Island group , says the use of historic photographs and their placement through the hospital "  evoke some sort of an emotion , " making it easier to support the work . Permanent exhibitions are not permitted by the National Parks Service , which runs Ellis Island , and the images can be peeled off if required . However , there are no plans to do so , Calella says . The exhibition "  will last here for as long as it lasts . " she says .	New York 's Ellis Island hospital complex is now open to the public for tours Immigrants were stopped at the hospital and checked for disease between 1902 and 1930 French artist JR has placed life-sized images of former doctors and patients on its walls The complex is a mix of hope and pain , the gateway to a new life and world
CNN  -- The storm that whipped the Northeast over the weekend with six to 16 inches of snow has blown off to Canada , but more snow is on its way -- maybe just enough to bring out some of that holiday spirit . The flakes sweeping across the Midwest and Northeast on Monday and Tuesday are n't expected have the heft of the fast-moving storm that preceded them but are predicted to add a couple of inches to the wintry landscape . For those who like the sight , expect it to last a few days , especially in the northernmost regions , as deep freeze temperatures settle in and are n't expected to relent until mid-week . Especially above Albany , New York , the mercury will plummet hard , well below zero , the National Weather Service says . Residents may have cleared their walkways from West Virginia to Maine Sunday , but slush should freeze overnight in many places , leaving slippery patches . Mounds of snow are piled high throughout New York state and New England Albany got at least 12 inches , the weather service said ; the storm left another 16 inches in Biddeford , Maine . The big storm came a little early , said one CNN iReporter . "  We usually get these big snow storms in January and the snow on the ground usually stays until springtime since it 's always cold here in Albany , " Zeynep Rice said . "  Last year was a bit weak in snow until end of February actually . So we 're happy to have a solid snow covering on the ground earlier than usual this season . " The storm spared major metropolitan areas like Boston and New York City , but some areas in Maine and along the U.S.-Canada border saw significant snow , the weather service said . The eastward-moving storm dropped snow earlier across the Midwest and western Pennsylvania , with 9 inches reported in Urbana , Illinois . Millions of people experienced the big chill as the system paved a white swath more than 1,000 miles long . How to protect your phone in cold weather CNN 's Adam Shivers contributed to this report .	Storm that meringued the Northeast with six to 16 inches of snow blows off to Canada New flakes are to fall across the Midwest and Northeast Monday and Tuesday But the should not have the heft of the weekend storm A deep freeze grips Northern New England and the upper Midwest
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron traveled to Turkey on Tuesday and made the case for the country to join the European Union . Turkey 's membership is "  vital " for Europe 's economy , security , politics , and diplomacy , he said . "  I ask myself this : Which European country grew at 11 percent at the start of this year ? Which country will be Europe 's second-largest economy by 2050 ? Which country in Europe has more young people than any of the 27 countries in the EU ? Which country in Europe is our number one TV manufacturer -- and second only to China in the world in construction and contracting ? " Cameron said , according to prepared remarks . "  Of course , it 's Turkey , " he then said , in Turkish . Turkey 's position , straddling East and West , gives it credibility and helps it negotiate foreign policy on both sides , Cameron said . Turkey is currently an official candidate for EU membership . The EU has pressed the country to make progress on reforms before it becomes a member . The EU says Turkey must continue with reforms to the judicial system , must make progress against corruption and torture , and must do more to protect citizens ' rights , freedom of expression and religion , property rights , respect for minorities , and women 's and children 's rights .	NEW : Turkey is currently an official candidate for EU membership British Prime Minister David Cameron says Turkey should join the EU Turkey 's membership is "  vital " for European security and economy , he says
CNN  -- A Milwaukee , Wisconsin , motorist whose SUV fell into a large sinkhole thanked the passer-by who brought an end to the brief but terrifying ordeal . "  The road just went out from under me , " Lance Treankler , the Cadillac Escalade driver , said Friday . "  When I landed , my head snapped back . I went unconscious for a few seconds . When I looked up , I saw water run over me . " That 's when Mark Pawlik , 46 , who was walking Thursday evening near Oakland and North avenues on Milwaukee 's east side , came to the rescue . Pawlik told CNN affiliate WTMJ that he saw a nearby traffic light in the sinkhole and spotted the SUV heading right toward it . The vehicle disappeared and a traffic light landed on its roof . Pawlik saw the driver standing on the SUV 's hood . "  I grabbed your hand . You looked at me and said , ` Get me out of here , ' " Pawlik told Treankler during their reunion , filmed by WTMJ . Treankler suffered only minor cuts and bruises in the incident , which occurred during a storm that brought heavy flooding to the city . It was not clear what part weather played in the sinkhole 's formation . Crews will be able to retrieve the SUV from the 20-foot sinkhole Friday evening , said Barry McNulty , spokesman for We Energies . The sinkhole cut off power to the area , but about 200 businesses and homes should regain electricity Friday night , he said . Crews were building a temporary power line . Peter Panos , who owns the nearby Ma Fischer 's Family Restaurant , said power was restored to his establishment about 3 p.m. CT. . The SUV 's engine remained running into Friday as police and fire officers decided how to proceed . "  I am very grateful for you helping me out , " Treankler told Pawlik .	"  The road just went out from under me , " driver says Mark Pawlik was walking past Thursday evening when he saw SUV disappear Lance Treankler suffered only cuts and bruises
Nigerian government officials and the International Committee of the Red Cross have had talks with Boko Haram about swapping imprisoned members of the Islamist terrorist group for the more than 200 Chibok school girls kidnapped in April , a source involved in the negotiations told CNN . The officials met four times in mid-August with two senior members of Boko Haram in Nigeria 's capital , Abuja . The swap would involve the release of 30 Boko Haram commanders in the custody of the Nigerian government , according to the source , who asked not to be named due to the sensitivity of the issue . Boko Haram submitted a list with the names of 30 members who were either convicted or awaiting trial on terror offenses . "  The two Boko Haram negotiators assured the ICRC and government negotiators that the girls were never raped , were never used as sex slaves and were never sexually assaulted , " said the source , who attended the discussions . The terrorist group abducted an estimated 276 girls in April from a boarding school in Chibok in northeastern Nigeria . Dozens escaped , but more than 200 are still missing . Boko Haram has expressed a willingness for a swap with the ICRC at an undisclosed location , according to the source . But there was disagreement on some terms , including the number of girls involved in the swap . Boko Haram had insisted on an even swap -- 30 girls for the 30 commanders -- but the government refused , according to the source . "  They were only ready to release one to one , which the government was not going to accept , " the source said . Another hurdle in the talks was Boko Haram 's insistence on meeting the imprisoned 30 members involved in the swap , but they only had contact with six at a prison outside Abuja , the source said . "  ICRC could n't find where the remaining 24 were being detained , " the source said . The six prisoners included Kabiru Sokoto , a senior Boko Haram commander convicted in December 2013 of terrorism charges related to the fatal Christmas Day bombing of a church in the town of Madallah in 2011 . The Boko Haram negotiators said they would get back to the government after consulting with superiors . ICRC sources declined to comment . The name "  Boko Haram " translates to "  Western education is sin " in the local Hausa language . The militant group is trying to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria , the most populous country in Africa . In recent years , its attacks have intensified in an apparent show of defiance amid the nation 's military onslaught . Its ambitions appear to have expanded to the destruction of the Nigerian government . Ongoing militant attacks Dozens of merchants were killed this week when Boko Haram gunmen launched a rocket and gun attack on a local market in northeastern Borno state , witnesses said Saturday . The attack happened Thursday but details were slow to emerge because of a mobile phone shutdown in the region Friday . Phone signals were restored only on Saturday , residents said . Scores of Boko Haram militiamen wearing military and police uniforms stormed a market in the town of Mainok , 31 miles  56 km  outside Maiduguri , during peak hours , the witnesses said . The militants fired rocket-propelled grenades and fired on traders . They looted food and loaded it onto trucks abandoned by fleeing traders , witnesses said . "  They killed dozens of people in the raid but it is difficult to give precise toll because everybody fled the market to escape the gunmen , " said local merchant Babagana Kyari , who witnessed the attack . The attack was an attempt by the militia to replenish depleted food supplies in areas under its control , said Madu Kachalla , another trader at the market . "  They seized cash from traders and loaded food stuff into trucks they impounded at the market before fleeing into the bush , " Kachalla said . Boko Haram fighters looted a truck carrying sacks of grain to Maiduguri on Wednesday before setting it on fire , residents said . Troops rescue 85 Nigerian hostages from Boko Haram	Residents say Boko Haram launched a fatal market attack this week The ICRC and Nigerian government are involved in the talks The talks involve a swap of imprisoned group members for kidnapped school girls An estimated 276 girls were kidnapped from a Nigerian school in April
Brian Banks wore the uniform of a prison inmate for more than five years , serving time for a rape he did n't commit . This week , he learned he 'll be wearing an Atlanta Falcons jersey . Ten months after a California judge tossed out his conviction , the 27-year-old former high school football standout signed a deal Wednesday to play for the NFL team . "  Aside from getting my life back and my freedom back , this is the biggest accomplishment of my life , " he told reporters during a conference call . As he signed the contract , he wore a sweatshirt that showed a California license plate that said "  XONR8 . " "  We are pleased to have Brian join our team , " said Falcons general manager Thomas Dimitroff . "  We had a chance to work him out last year and have been monitoring his progress since then . He has worked extremely hard for this chance over the last year and he has shown us that he is prepared for this opportunity . We are happy that Brian will have a chance to live out his dream of playing in the NFL , and we look forward to seeing him on the field . " Banks , who is 6-foot-2 and 250 pounds , is a linebacker . A year ago , he was out of prison on parole , wearing an ankle monitor as a registered sex offender . The contrast with this week 's events is "  surreal , " Banks said . "  Talk about coming from the bottom , " he told reporters . "  I know all too well what that is and what it looks like and what it feels like . " While serving time in prison , Banks said he was forced to abandon his hopes of playing in the NFL someday . "  I had to watch my class go on and receive scholarships and play collegiate football on a high level , " he said . "  For me I had to let those dreams go for me to focus on what was ahead of me , and that was five years in prison . That was a completely different life of violence and being away from your family . ... Football was the last thing on my mind , and it was n't until a few months before I was actually being released from prison that I thought about possibly trying to play football again . " At age 17 , fearing a potentially long sentence , the college football prospect followed the advice of his attorney and pleaded no contest to assaulting a Long Beach , California , high school classmate in 2002 . "  Banks was faced with an impossible decision at the time -- either fight the charges and risk spending 41 years to life in prison , or take a plea deal and spend a little over five years of actual prison confinement , " the California Innocence Project says on its website . "  Although it would mean destroying his chance to go to college and play football , a lengthy probationary period , and a lifetime of registration as a sex offender , Banks chose the lesser of two evils when he pleaded no contest to the charges . " Such situations are not uncommon , the group 's director , Justin Brooks , told CNN last year . "  Plea bargains have become the 95 % solution , " he said . Banks maintained his innocence throughout his imprisonment , subsequent probation and registration as a sex offender . His fortunes began to change in 2011 , when the woman who once accused him of rape sent him a Facebook friend request . According to the California Innocence Project , the woman later admitted that Banks had not kidnapped or raped her during a consensual encounter at Long Beach Polytechnic High School , where Banks was a middle linebacker with a scholarship offer from the University of Southern California . In court last year , an emotional Banks lowered his head and fought back tears when prosecutors said they were moving to have the conviction dismissed . "  We do not believe Mr. Banks did the crime he pled guilty to , " Deputy District Attorney Brentford Ferreira said . "  Justice has been served . " Since his exoneration , Banks has spent months in intensive training , attending San Francisco 49ers and Seattle Seahawks minicamps last year . "  It 's been a long road . It 's been a lot of hard work . It is 10 years missing in my football career , " he said , "  but there has been a lot of work put in to making up for it . " After signing his contract with the Falcons on Wednesday , Banks thanked the team 's players and personnel from his Twitter account , @BrianBanksFREE .	Aside from his exoneration , Brian Banks says this is his life 's "  biggest accomplishment " The 27-year-old signs a deal to play for the Atlanta Falcons A judge tossed out his rape conviction last year after the accuser recanted While serving time in prison , "  football was the last thing on my mind , " he says
New York  CNN  -- A Hasidic NYPD recruit is planning a lawsuit after being dismissed for refusing to trim his beard for religious reasons , his attorney said Sunday . Fishel Litzman , 38 , was asked to leave the police academy on Friday , his attorney , Nathan Lewin , told CNN . He began the police academy in January , he said , was in the top 1 % of his classes and is "  highly regarded " by his peers . The dismissal , Lewin said , is a clear example of "  religious discrimination . " "  We are planning to bring a lawsuit , " the attorney said . "  This should not be a practice of the NYPD . " NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said in a statement the department "  makes reasonable accommodations in this regard . " Beards for religious purposes are to be kept to 1 millimeter in length , he said , adding that there are other Hasidic and Orthodox uniformed members who observe the accommodation . Litzman "  did not comply with the NYPD 's reasonable accommodation to keep his beard trimmed , " Browne said . "  He did not keep it trimmed to 1mm and he stated that it was his intention to never cut or trim his beard . " But Litzman said as an Orthodox Hasidic Jew , "  I have left my beard natural all my life . It 's the law of the Torah . " In a March 18 statement to NYPD officials , provided to CNN by Lewin , Litzman wrote , "  It is absolutely forbidden in my religious beliefs to cut or trim my beard in any way . " When Litzman received the phone call that he was accepted into the police academy , it was the "  happiest day of my life , " he said . "  The impact you can make in the community in a neighborhood and a people ... you can truly make a direct impact on a whole entire community as a police officer . " Litzman wrote that after receiving a 97.6 % on his entrance exam last year , he "  inquired about keeping my naturally short beard intact " and filled out a religious accommodation form . He received a short letter saying the matter would be addressed when he became a recruit . After being selected for the 2012 class , the father of five said he resigned his job . "  Since I had applied for an exemption before I was accepted and had already been photographed , I believed that the NYPD was aware of my religious needs and accepted me knowing I needed to keep my beard intact , " he wrote . While in classes , Litzman three times was told he would have to cut or shave his beard , he said . Each time , he refused , citing his religious beliefs , Lewin said . He was also punished with the loss of two vacation days , according to Litzman 's memo . He noted that other officers have beards , adding , "  I was told many times in the academy , ` Cut your beard , after the academy you 'll never have to , ' " Litzman said . "  It 's an unenforced rule . " "  I can not , as a matter of religious conscience , follow that instruction because I may not trim my beard even temporarily to complete the academy , " he wrote . "  One of the points that has been drilled home during my short time at the academy is the need to represent the NYPD with integrity , " Litzman wrote to police officials . "  Although not knowing whether I will be punished for maintaining my religious beliefs has been very taxing on me and my family , I will not waver in my firm belief that I can be a successful member of the NYPD and an Orthodox  Hasidic  Jew at the same time . " He said that as his academic and physical scores show , "  I am focused on dedicating myself to being the best probationary police officer I can be . " Asked if other factors could have contributed to Litzman 's dismissal , Lewin said , "  I do n't think it 's anything else ... He would -- will be , I believe -- an outstanding police officer . " Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer said in a statement Sunday he was "  deeply troubled " by the reports Litzman was fired for refusing to trim his beard . "  The NYPD has done a commendable job in recent years of building a police force that tries to reflect the populations that they serve , " Stringer said . "  Fishel Litzman should be no exception . I urge the police commissioner to reconsider this case as well as the NYPD 's rules about religious accommodation more broadly and , in so doing , to make a clear statement in support of religious expression for all . " CNN 's Chris Dignam contributed to this report .	Fishel Litzman was asked to leave the police academy Friday , his attorney says Litzman is an Orthodox Hasidic Jew The NYPD says it makes reasonable accommodations for beards
CNN  -- In the wake of the Westgate shopping mall horror in Kenya , your local mall wants you to know it is doing everything possible to protect you . That 's bunk -- at least if you listen to one very knowledgeable former beat cop . Malls boast of spending millions on security , but that security largely protects merchandise , not people , says Dan Murphy , a retired Bloomington , Minnesota , police officer . Shopping malls can do a better job of protecting shoppers from shooters , and it does n't take metal detectors , full-body searches , bomb dogs , legions of security officers or a lot of money , he says -- it just takes the will . Questions linger after Kenya mall attack Murphy helped implement a security plan at Bloomington 's Mall of America , one of the nation 's largest shopping malls . The framework for the plan grew out of a disaster averted nearly a decade ago . In 2004 , Murphy , then a patrol officer on the town 's east side , said he was sent to investigate a man who was giving polished stones and coins to children on a school playground . When Murphy located the man a block away , he found the man 's van stocked with rifles and "  bags of ammunition . " The man said he had been "  sent to Earth by Osama bin Laden , " Murphy said . No one was harmed , but that was n't because of a quick , coordinated response by school and police officials . In fact , the response was a "  calamity of errors , " Murphy recalls . Angry , Murphy confronted the school principal , faulting her for not responding adequately to the threat . The principal , flummoxed , asked Murphy what she should have done , Murphy said . And that 's when it struck Murphy : He had no idea . "  As a policeman , you 're used to having all the answers ... and I did n't have an answer , " Murphy said . Kenya-style mall attack : Can it happen here ? Murphy set out on "  a quest . " He started looking for effective ways to respond to dangerous situations , including "  active shooter " situations . Murphy learned that at the time , Minnesota law required schools to have nine fire drills a year , even though no student had been killed in a school fire for some 40 years . But there was no comparable drill to protect students from deranged gunmen , dangerous non-custodial parents , terrorists , or other modern-day threats . So Murphy became an advocate of "  lock-down " drills -- drills in which students and teachers barricade themselves from threats , a tactic that could protect them for the eight minutes it takes , on average , for police to respond . Lock-down drills became Murphy 's obsession . Building on the work of others , he pushed for all schools to have lock-down drills . In 2006 , Minnesota became the first state to require lock-down drills in all schools . The legislature mandated five lock-down drills and five fire drills a year . Then , in 2007 and 2008 , a spate of shootings struck American shopping malls . "  And I started to go , ` Wait a minute . What 's working in our schools can work in our shopping malls too , " Murphy said . Man accused of threatening to shoot up Utah mall With his department 's encouragement , Murphy said he approached the Mall of America 's management with the idea of lock-down drills . They bit . So now , twice a month -- once in the morning and once in the evening , assuring that both work shifts become acquainted with the drills -- the mall 's security department asks patrons to seek shelter in the nearest mall store . An alarm buzzes , and a "  lock-down " message is delivered electronically to every store . The store gates are lowered , lights are turned off , and shoppers huddle in a safe spot , typically the back room . The drills last only a few minutes . "  The whole goal of a lockdown is to minimize potential victims while maximizing the time in which the police can get there to solve your problem , " Murphy said . This exercise costs virtually nothing . Any shopping mall , office building , or establishment with a public address system can conduct one . It does not infringe on anyone 's constitutional rights . Participation is voluntary ; any shopper who does not want to participate can simply walk away . Few do . The Mall of America thinks the program is of such value that it mandates participation in store leases , Murphy said . "  When a new store manager says , do I have to do this , the answer is yes , " Murphy said . "  It takes time and commitment and the willingness to work through it and see it to fruition , " he added . "  And you also have to actually practice your plan . It 's got to be a living plan , and you practice it often . " Need a plan ? Steal Murphy 's . "  I encourage plagiarizing , " he said .  You got ta love a cop who encourages you to steal . What threat do foreign jihadists pose ? Lock-down drills are "  not a silver bullet , " Murphy acknowledges . "  Sad to say , there is no silver bullet . If the bad buy gets in your space , it 's time to attack or flee , " he said . But , Murphy says , if the Mall of America can do it , with its 500 stores , huge eatery , and indoor amusement park , your shopping mall can do it too . And they will , he says , if they care more about protecting people than merchandise .	Mall security focuses on protecting merchandise Retired cop Dan Murphy came up with a plan that focuses on shoppers Mall of America does lockdown drills , similar to what schools practice Drills are n't a "  silver bullet , " but they could minimize potential harm , Murphy says
CNN  -- Karley Marquet and Annie Kendzior said they enrolled at two of the nation 's most prestigious military academies to serve their country and become military officers . Instead , they claim , they were raped -- and their military careers are now over . In a lawsuit filed in U.S. Federal Court on Friday , the women claim the U.S. Military Academy in West Point , New York , and the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland , ignored "  rampant sexual harassment . " The suit claims former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , the former superintendents of the two academies and the current secretaries of the Army and Navy are "  personally responsible " for failing to "  prevent rapes and sexual assaults at the Naval Academy and West Point . " Karley Marquet was a high school honor student , championship swimmer and all-star rugby player . She could have gone to college anywhere with her credentials , but Marquet chose West Point . "  When I was accepted , it was kind of overwhelming , " she says . "  You ca n't imagine having that structure and discipline but at the same time having people look at you like , ` Wow , you 're doing something great for our country . ' " But Marquet said her dream of becoming an officer was shattered in January 2011 , her second semester at West Point . Marquet said she got sick over a holiday weekend and stayed behind on campus . Her roommate was out of town and she was alone in her room . It was then , Marquet , said , that an upperclassman she knew showed up at her door late one night to talk "  girl troubles . " "  I kind of felt cool that an upperclassman wanted to be friends with me and was seeking my advice , " Marquet recalls . After a drink , Marquet said , he persuaded her to go to his room . "  I just remember getting more and more intoxicated and my judgment really started to become impaired . ... I remember him turning off the lights and me asking , ` What are you doing ? ' And then he proceeded to rape me . " Marquet said she woke up disoriented , in physical pain , afraid to come forward . "  I was scared it was going to ruin my career , " she said , "  I was scared if I said anything , there would constantly be a target on my back . " According to the lawsuit , Marquet became depressed and suicidal "  as a result of the rape and hostile environment " at West Point . She filed a report and requested an investigation . "  The reason I ended up telling someone is because I did n't want that to happen to anyone else , " Marquet said tearfully . Annie Kendzior described herself as a "  girly-girl " who never imagined she would end up in the military . Kendzior was also an all-star student and one of the best high school soccer players in the country . She was recruited by Ivy League schools to play soccer , but she said the Naval Academy was more convincing . "  All of their graduates from the soccer team went on and became pilots and Marine officers , " Kendzior said . "  It just sounds like those women are so powerful and so well-respected , and I wanted to be that woman . " So in the fall of 2008 , Kendzior headed off to Annapolis . She said her goal was to fly F-18s but it was n't long after arriving at the academy she realized that was n't going to happen . "  I could tell that there was a bias towards women , " Kendzior recalled . "  You 're a female entering into a fraternity . A giant frat . " During one of he first weekends at the academy , Kendzior was invited to a party off campus . "  I was like , ` OK , cool ! College , finally ! I can live the college life for one night . " But Kendzior said she had way too much to drink , so when a fellow midshipman offered her a place to crash , she accepted . "  I was like , ` OK , you know , it will be fine . I trust you . You 're an upperclass , " Kendzior remembers , "  Because that 's what they teach you , to trust your upperclass . " But Kendzior says that did n't happen . She was raped . "  At one point in the middle of the night , I did come to and he was on top of me , " Kendzior said . "  And I remember saying ` No , ' but I just passed out again . Kendzior said , she too , was afraid to come forward . "  I did n't want to be the girl that got the athlete kicked out , We had been told stories about how that happened in the past and I did n't want to be that next story . " For the next two years Kendzior said she battled depression and thoughts of suicide . It was a secret she could n't keep anymore . When she told her father what happened , he encouraged her to file a report and request an investigation . Marquet and Kendzior said they believed their cases were being investigated . Marquet remembered investigators meeting with her parents about her case . "  They promised my parents that if he was n't going to jail , they could at least get him kicked out of West Point with the evidence they had , " she said . But both women said their alleged perpetrators were never punished and are still in the military . Marquet and Kendzior are not alone . Reports of sexual assault at West Point , the Naval Academy and the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs , Colorado , are up nearly 60 percent , and according to the Department of Defense , of the 65 reports investigated , only one resulted in a court-martial . And it 's that rise in reports of sexual assault that has the top man at the Pentagon , Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta , changing the rules . "  We 've got to train commanders to understand that when these complaints are brought , they 've got to do their damnedest to see that these people are brought to justice , " Panetta told CNN 's Kyra Phillips in an exclusive interview . Panetta could not comment on Marquet 's and Kendzior 's cases specifically because of privacy issues , but he made clear that blaming of the victim needs to stop . "  I think that 's part of the syndrome that we 're dealing with , which is that once a decision is made that somehow this prosecution is not going to move forward then you basically turn on the victim who brought that complaint , " Panetta said . "  That syndrome is what we have to break out of . " Just last week , after the CNN interview , Panetta announced he has created a Special Victims Unit to investigate sexual assault allegations , and that sexual assault allegations will be dealt with at the level of colonel instead of slowly making their way up through the chain of command . But the changes in policy have come too late for Karley Marquet and Annie Kendzior . Their military careers are over . According to the lawsuit , "  as a result of the rape , " Marquet became "  depressed and suicidal . " She said she was unable to handle the stress of seeing the alleged perpetrator every day , so she resigned from West Point . Kendzior said she also became suicidal . She was diagnosed with borderline personality disorder and according to her lawsuit , was then "  forced to leave the academy . " The two women said they are telling their stories so that others at the academies will feel comfortable coming forward . "  I know that with at least one person coming forward there will be others who want to come forward and say something , " Marquet said . Similarly , Kendzior said , "  I want to encourage other women to report as soon as possible because then they might get their perpetrators put behind bars , which is where they should be , which is where they deserve to be . " West Point and the Naval Academy told CNN they were unable to comment on the allegations due to privacy issues . Both women have requested copies of their case files to learn more about why their alleged perpetrators are still in the military .	Suit names academies ' superintendents , Army , Navy and former DoD secretaries Karley Marquet and Annie Kendzior both say they were raped at service academies Both say they believed their cases were being investigated , but they were n't Defense secretary announces new policies for sexual assault reports
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- Multiculturalism in Germany has "  absolutely failed , " German Chancellor Angela Merkel told her party 's youth wing at a conference Saturday . "  The approach of saying , ` Well , let 's just go for a multicultural society , let 's coexist and enjoy each other , ' this very approach has failed , absolutely failed , " she said in a speech . The remarks echo a comment she made to CNN last month in response to a question from Becky Anderson about Germany 's Muslim population . "  We 've all understood now that immigrants are a part of our country ,  but  they have to speak our language , they have receive an education here , " Merkel told CNN 's "  Connect the World " program September 27 . Germany 's population is about 5 percent Muslim , the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life estimated last year . Its roughly 4 million Muslims make up the largest Muslim population in western Europe .	Chancellor : The approach of saying "  let 's coexist and enjoy each other ... has failed " Immigrants must learn German and be educated in Germany , she told CNN last month Germany is about 5 percent Muslim , the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life estimates
CNN  -- Chris Rock is best known for two things : being funny and being crass . "  If you 're the president you only have two jobs : peace and money , " Chris Rock said . "  This is what people come to see . I 'm just doing my show , " the comedian said with a laugh . He 's also known for his political commentary , but there 's one person he 's having a lot of trouble making fun of -- president-elect Barack Obama . This is apparent in his new DVD "  Kill the Messenger , " which combines three shows from his international tour : New York ; London , England ; and Johannesburg , South Africa . "  It was a tour nobody wanted to do ... because the general perception is that comedy does n't translate , " Rock said . But thanks to the Internet , the world is a lot smaller than it was even 10 years ago . And people are digging the same jokes , he said , including ones about John McCain and Sarah Palin . As the DVD readies for release on January 20 , CNN talked with Rock about his lack of Obama jokes , Inauguration Day and why racism will never die . The following is an edited version of that interview : CNN : I watched the special last night , and I noticed that you did a lot of jokes about John McCain -- his age , his war hero story -- but not so many about Barack Obama . Is it harder to make fun of Obama ? Chris Rock : He 's just one of those guys , you know , like Will Smith . There 's no Will Smith jokes . There 's no Brad Pitt jokes . You know , what are you going to say ? "  Ooh , you used to have sex with Jennifer Anniston . Now you have sex with Angelina Jolie . You 're such a loser . " What do you say ? "  Ooh , your movies are big . You make $ 20 million . " There 's nothing to say about Brad Pitt . CNN : Why is Obama like that ? Rock : It 's like "  Ooh , you 're young and virile and you 've got a beautiful wife and kids . You 're the first African-American president . " You know , what do you say ? CNN : As time goes on do you think it will get easier ? Rock : Of course , as time goes on . At some point he 's going to -- there 's always slip-ups . No one can survive that level of scrutiny without occasionally making it easy for a comedian . CNN : Let 's talk about the inauguration . Are you going ? Rock : No , I have to go to Sundance -LSB- Film Festival -RSB- . I 've got a movie premiering at Sundance . So I have to go to the whitest place in America -- Utah . CNN : What 's it going to be like for you on Inauguration Day ? Rock : It 'll be a cool day . It 's weird . I 've never watched an inauguration . I 've never watched anyone get sworn in . You know , it 's like Election Day and then you look up and somebody else is the president two months later . It was never like , "  I ca n't wait till tomorrow . Oh my god ! They 're going to swear in Jimmy Carter ! " CNN : Are you going to watch this one , though ? Rock : I 'll put it this way -- like any business is going to be getting done while this guy is getting sworn in . Like I 'm going to be in a meeting . Everything is going to stop for however long it takes . Hope they get to it -- hope it 's not like I got ta listen to three different versions of "  The Star-Spangled Banner " or something . I hope it 's not like Rosa Parks ' funeral , where everybody f *** ing speaks . CNN : What are you hoping Barack Obama does for this country ? What do you think is his most important task ? Rock : You know , if you 're the president you only have two jobs : peace and money . That 's it . I mean , it 's like , what did Clinton do ? We were at peace and we had a budget surplus . That 's it . That 's the gig . The closer you get us to those two goals , you know , that 's pretty much the gig . Is that too much to ask for ? CNN : At one point in your act , you said , "  Racism will never die . It will only multiply . " Why do you believe that ? Rock : Well , it 's never going to die . Maybe it wo n't multiply . Is racism going to end ? No . It 's not even race . People are always going to , you know , find something wrong with people who are not the exact same as them . That 's just what it is . Black , white , short , tall , religions , whatever . People are bad , man . CNN : How was it different playing for an audience in Africa ? Rock : You know it 's weird -- it really was n't that different . I mean , that 's why I love this special . People are the same wherever you go . And if they were n't , they would n't laugh at the same s ** t . If they were so different they would n't know what I was talking about . CNN : Stand-up comics I 've talked to in the past say they like their shows to appear spontaneous . But your new DVD stitches together three shows , illustrating to the audience how scripted comedy can be . Why did you decide on that format ? Rock : You know , I do n't believe in that "  come up with stuff on the spot . " I mean , honestly , that 's why I think comedy , stand-up comedy , always plays such a back seat to music . Like , would you go see a singer if you thought he just came up with the songs ? They would n't give out Grammys for songs that they just came up with . You 're going to go see someone at Radio City or Madison Square Garden , I think you 'd like to know that they have an act before you spend $ 75 . So yeah , when you say "  came up with it right there , " that 's really cute when you paid $ 8 to get in and two-drink minimum . When the ticket 's $ 75 , that 's a whole other mindset .	Comedian Chris Rock to release "  Kill the Messenger " DVD January 20 There are no Barack Obama jokes , Rock says , just like there are no Brad Pitt jokes Rock : Playing for international crowds not that different than playing in U.S. "  Stand-up comedy always plays such a back seat to music , " Rock says
Tokyo , Japan  CNN  -- Four years after the meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant , questions about the lingering physical and mental health toll of the disaster persist . The Fukushima District Court ruled Tuesday in favor of a family who filed a landmark lawsuit blaming Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  , the plant operator of the crippled nuclear reactor , for the suicide of a woman in 2011 . Four months after three reactors melted down at the Fukushima plant following a devastating earthquake and tsunami , Hamako Watanabe and her husband lost their home , their jobs and the prospect of restoring their lives . She doused herself in kerosene and set herself on fire after slipping into depression . Her husband , Mikio Watanabe , found her charred body . "  We lost everything , " her widower told CNN in 2012 . "  We were forced to evacuate . We lost our jobs . I lost my wife in such a terrible way . I really lost everything . " The Fukushima District Court ordered TEPCO to pay 49 million yen  $ 471,063 U.S.  to her family , in a ruling that found a link between the nuclear accident and Watanabe 's death . "  It is well assumed that the stress caused by sudden loss of the base of her life against her will and unknown future in evacuation was unbearable for her , " according to the court ruling . A spokeswoman of TEPCO Mayumi Yoshida said : "  We express deep condolence for the loss for Mrs. Hamako Watanabe . We will examine the ruling closely and continue to deal with it sincerely . " Fukushima residents cleared to return Thyroid cancer cases monitored In the wake of the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl in 1986 , the local government began monitoring the health of residents who were under the age of 18 at the time of the March , 2011 incident . The Fukushima Prefectural Government found more cases of thyroid cancer , with 57 people confirmed cases and 46 others listed as possible cases , according to data released this week . The risk of thyroid cancer increases in people who 've been exposed to high doses of radiation . Children are more sensitive to radiation and at risk for a longer period of time than adults , according to medical literature on thyroid cancer . The cancer rate -- 57 out of 296,026 -- is high compared to known international statistics , but it 's difficult to link the nuclear accident to the rates of pediatric thyroid cancer , according to the Fukushima prefecture 's health office . The high rate may be attributed to the thorough method of testing for thyroid cancer , according to the office . Hisakatsu Kotani , from the Fukushima prefectural government 's health research section , said there were no patterns detected between the cases of thyroid cancers and high radiation areas . "  Experts have been saying this is not the time yet to see any health impact by the accident , " he said . In the case of Chernobyl , thyroid cancer cases in children reached a peak about 10 years after exposure , according to a report analyzing radiation exposure and the risk of pediatric thyroid cancers . A scientific review published in 2011 , found that pediatric thyroid cancers only account for 0.5 to 3 % of all types of cancers . That review also found that girls have four times higher frequency for pediatric thyroid cancer than boys . Of the 104 people who were diagnosed with potentially cancerous tumors at Fukushima , 68 were females and 36 were males . More than half of them , 58 , had surgery to remove the growth . Inside Fukushima Daiichi : Visiting one of the most dangerous places on earth	TEPCO ordered to pay out in suicide case linked to Fukushima Woman set herself on fire four months after Fukushima disaster Fukushima government releases data showing more cases of thyroid cancer
CNN  -- The stepmother of a disabled girl whose remains were found after she went missing in North Carolina has been indicted on a bigamy charge . Elisa Baker , the stepmother of Zahra Baker , 10 , is accused of marrying the girl 's father before divorcing her previous husband , a Catawaba County court official said Tuesday . The family made international news late last year after the freckled-faced young girl went missing from their home in Hickory , North Carolina . The girl lost part of her left leg at age 5 and lost hearing in both ears while being treated for cancer . Police found Zahra 's remains on November 11 , just over a month after she was reported missing . Elisa Baker was charged with obstruction of justice after she admitted to planting a fake ransom note . Documents released after Zahra 's remains were found tell a grisly story . The stepmother told police the girl was killed two weeks before she was reported missing , according to search warrants . She said the disabled girl 's body was dismembered and disposed of in various locations , documents show . A search warrant dated October 27 shows police were looking for latex gloves used to dismember Zahra and trash bags used to store the remains . No one has been directly charged in the girl 's death .	The disabled girl 's remains were found after she went missing in North Carolina They were found November 11 , just over a month after she was reported missing Authorities say the stepmother married Zahra 's father before divorcing her previous husband
Police arrested a suspect early Saturday in the fatal shooting at South Carolina State University . Justin Bernard Singleton , 19 , was charged with Friday 's murder of 20-year-old student Brandon Robinson , according to a statement from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division . The two were arguing when Singleton pulled out a gun and shot Robinson in the neck , police said . After the shooting in Orangeburg County , police initially started a manhunt for a total of four possible suspects . "  He was a very nice young man , " university President Thomas Elzey said of Robinson , fighting back tears in a brief statement to reporters Friday . "  And it hurts . It hurts us all . " Elzey said "  we are pulling together as a community , " announcing that counselors would be made available to grieving students . "  Our first order of business is to make sure that our students are safe , " the school president said . Campus police were called to the Andrew Hugine Suites Living and Learning community about 1:30 p.m. and found the injured student , the university said . Police said eyewitnesses identified four suspects who had left the campus , the university said . The school was initially put on lockdown ; those restrictions were lifted a few hours later . Nonetheless , South Carolina State 's Facebook page still urged people to "  remain cautious and report any suspicious activity to police . " South Carolina State is a historically black university with about 4,000 students , according to the school website . The campus is about 40 miles south of Columbia . CNN first learned about the incident via Twitter . This is at least the third campus shooting this week . On Tuesday , a man shot and killed another student inside Purdue University 's electrical engineering building . Police said Cody Cousins , 23 , an engineering student , killed Andrew Bolt , 21 , of West Bend , Wisconsin . Cousins was charged with murder . On Monday , a student was shot and critically injured near a gym at Widener University near Philadelphia . Police were looking for a suspect . On Wednesday , the University of Oklahoma in Norman briefly shut down after a report of a possible shooting that apparently turned out to be a false alarm , the university 's president said .	The suspect has been charged with murder Deceased identified as Brandon Robinson , 20 , of Orangeburg , South Carolina Police continue to hunt for other people who witnesses said were tied to the crime This is the third shooting at a U.S. university this week
CNN  -- When "  La Bamba " hit movie screens in 1987 , audiences flocked to see the true story of singer Ritchie Valens , who died as a teen in an airplane crash almost three decades earlier . "  La Bamba " starred Lou Diamond Phillips as singer Ritchie Valens . It 's one of 40 films featured in the festival . But it was memorable for another reason . The film was the first box office hit directed by a Latino filmmaker and starring mostly Latino actors , said Chon Noriega , a professor of cinema and media studies at the University of California , Los Angeles . "  La Bamba " is part of the Latino Images in Film festival , which begins Tuesday and runs through May on Turner Classic Movies . The event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen and is part of the network 's "  Race and Hollywood " series . Turner Classic Movies , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . Noriega , who chose the films and also co-hosts the festival , talked with CNN.com about what he hopes viewers will take away from the movie line-up . Watch clips from some of the classic films " The following is a edited version of that interview . CNN : What was your selection process ? Chon Noriega : I decided I was going to focus specifically on Hollywood films that look substantively at either Latino characters or the Latino community . I came up with a master list of films , and it 's only about 70 . There really have n't been that many that have dealt explicitly with the Latino population . And then , from there , we looked at what was available . CNN : When you talk about Latino images , who do you include in that description ? Noriega : It 's a kind of pan-ethnic , multiracial category . But basically in terms of the series , what it reflects is Mexican-Americans , Puerto Ricans and Cuban-Americans . There really have n't been , as far as I can tell , many Hollywood films that go beyond those three major groups . CNN : What do you hope to accomplish with this movie lineup ? Noriega : By and large , these are films that really have n't been seen since their original release . We really do n't have an idea of what the history has been in terms of how Hollywood has dealt with or represented what is now a pretty sizeable part of our population . We have an idea of what the stereotypes have been in terms of the kind of expendable characters that emerge within Westerns or action films , background characters like maids . CNN : What do you mean by expendable characters ? Noriega : If I 'm watching a science-fiction film and there happens to be a Latino character , I know that that character is going to be the first one to die .  laughs It is almost inevitable . Or in a Western . They 're really not there as characters ; they 're there as foils for the largely white characters that are defining the film and the story . To my mind , it 's valuable just to go back and just see that these are the films that at different points represent how not just Hollywood but our society was trying to figure out where Latinos fit within the national culture . CNN : As people watch these movies , from very early Hollywood to the 1990s , what is the progression of Latino characters ? Noriega : I do n't know that we see a single trajectory of going from either one thing to another or from bad to better . You see certain recurring figures or types . You see different versions of the gangster kind of morphing into the gang member . But it 's more or less an urban outlaw type , and that persists . I think you see little shifts in terms of when they 're being made and who is making them . You have some of the same characters in "  My Family/Mi Familia , " but it 's being made by a Chicano filmmaker as part of an attempt to show a very diverse view of what a family can be . CNN : What 's your take on white actors playing Latino characters ? Noriega : Actually , -LSB- co-host -RSB- Robert Osborne and I kind of went back and forth on that throughout the series because I think there are two views . One is : Actors are actors , and they play make-believe , and they pretend to be different types of characters , and in an ideal world , actors should be able to play anything they are able to do effectively . But when you look at it sociologically , you see it 's only working one way , and that 's where I think there 's a problem . In the history of Hollywood , we 're maybe able to identify 70 films that really focus on Latino characters , family or community , and a third of those have white actors playing the Latinos . And Latino actors are not really getting the same opportunity to play other types . CNN : How did the industry try to "  transform " actors into Latino characters ? Noriega : The Latino population -- and it 's part of the irony of this -- it 's not a racial group . It 's a multiracial , multi-ethnic group . We talk about that in terms of "  West Side Story , " where everybody 's identified how Natalie Wood was in brownface playing a Puerto Rican . But in 1980 , there was a revival of it on Broadway , and they actually cast a Puerto Rican actress . In the makeup room , they started putting brownface on her , -LSB- because -RSB- she was n't dark enough to meet the expectations of what a Latina character would look like on stage . I 've done focus groups with Latino actors in the Screen Actors Guild , and they continually talk about that there are these expectations of what a Latino character is going to look like and more often than not , Latino actors do n't look like that .  laughs CNN : What do you think about how Latinos are portrayed in film today ? Noriega : We have a somewhat broader cohort of actors who are known , who are included in films , not always starring , but they get secondary roles in films and so there 's in some sense more of a presence . When you look at the statistics in terms of the overall presence of Latinos in film and television , the numbers really have n't changed that much . So it 's a kind of a subtle shift .	Turner Classic Movies begins month-long Latino Images in Film festival Event features 40 films that show how Latinos have been depicted on the big screen Discussion tackles controversial practice of white actors playing Latino characters Scholar : Films show how Hollywood tried to figure out where Latinos fit in culture
Baghdad , Iraq  CNN  -- A series of jewelry store robberies in Baghdad on Sunday led to clashes with police and left at least seven people dead , according to police in the Iraqi capital . Among the killed were three store owners and two police officers . Two of the 10 gunmen , who stormed three jewelry stores in western Baghdad 's al-Mansour neighborhood , were also killed as they tried to flee the area . The robbers took gold and cash , and eight remain at large . Iraqi security forces have sealed off the area as they continue to investigate . The al-Mansour neighborhood , the site of frequent insurgent attacks , and has seen a great deal of violence since the U.S.-led invasion in 2003 . Authorities believe insurgents are behind some recent robberies to fund their operations . In May , 14 people died in Baghdad 's Bayaa neighborhood where a group of gunmen mounted an 11-store robbery spree .	Gunmen storm jewelry stores in Baghdad 's al-Mansour neighborhood At least seven people are dead , including three store owners Gunmen fled with cash and gold after clashes with police
EW.com  -- A comedian who did n't risk looking foolish would n't even be in the game . In "  The Heat , " which has the scruffy honor of being the first female buddy-cop action comedy , Melissa McCarthy does more than risk looking foolish  $ " she risks coming off as borderline insane , like a dissolute biker -- turned -- homeless person , like she 's royally out of control . Is it any wonder that she shocks the audience into laughter in more scenes than not ? With her naughty-angel features , and her italicized gumption that 's so stylized it turns sarcasm into a blunt-witted form of sincerity , McCarthy plays Shannon Mullins , a proudly slobby lethal weapon of a Boston police detective who favors fingerless leather gloves , keeps an arsenal of firearms  including a rocket launcher  in her refrigerator , and doles out cut-to-the-quick insults the way that most of us say " Hello ! " Movies : 10 All-Time Greatest Mullins gets paired with her opposite number : Sarah Ashburn  Sandra Bullock  , an uptight , by-the-book FBI agent in ugly off-the-rack pants suits . Ashburn may be great at catching criminals , but she 's so smug about it that she drives even her FBI boss  Demian Bichir  crazy . The laws of the buddy-cop comedy are as basic , familiar and inviolable as the rules of checkers . A pair of law enforcers get yoked together , and they do n't pretend to like each other . One is a tut-tutting straight-arrow , the other a wild-card screw-up . And no matter how thick the jokes get , the gods of gunfire and major vehicular damage must be served . There 's no reason to think that this time-honored testosterone formula , with two actresses now planted at the center of it , would change all that much , and in "  The Heat , " it does n't . Except in one crucial way . Funny ladies packing ` Heat : ' Not your typical buddy cop movie The director , Paul Feig , possesses a highly developed radar for the alternating currents of competition and camaraderie in female relationships . As he proved in "  Bridesmaids "  2011  , the one other major film he 's directed , Feig understands how women who do n't like each other express their antipathy  $ " in ways both more direct and less direct than what men do . In "  The Heat , " Feig stages scenes like Richard Donner  "  Lethal Weapon "  with a touch of George Cukor  "  The Women "  . He has made a piece of smash-and-grab policier pulp that , through the interplay of Bullock and McCarthy , spins to its own snarly/confessional feminine beat . Movie Style : 20 All-Time Greatest There 's a very funny scene in which Ashburn and Mullins , who have teamed up to nab a drug lord , go undercover at a dance club , where Mullins tries to transform Ashburn 's " bank teller " outfit into something halfway clubby . She rips off Ashburn 's sleeves , then her pant legs , revealing a pair of Spanx . Yet even as Mullins is shredding her partner 's clothes and shredding her ego even more , her hilarious lack of mercy comes off as a version of sisterly compassion . Forget the mid-level dealer whose phone they 're out to bug . She 's trying to save this poor woman from herself . Ashburn 's problem is that she 's all head and no instinct , a kind of Quantico-trained robot ; she does n't know how to bond . McCarthy plays Mullins ' repugnance at her partner 's inhuman professionalism with a cringing spontaneity , as when she puts up her hand for a high five , and Ashburn has to go and wreck it by slapping and then clasping that hand .  It 's far from the only time in the movie when Mullins looks like she wants to throw up , a motif you would not see in a male buddy comedy . As long as these two are at loggerheads , "  The Heat " has a catchy , lock-and-load hostility . It 's much more clever than , say , the two "  Bad Boys " films , and less cartoonish than either the "  Rush Hour " movies or the "  Lethal Weapon " sequels  though not "  Lethal Weapon " itself  . With Bullock doing a variation on her "  Miss Congeniality " geek-tomboy-who-has-to-bloom character , and McCarthy letting her acidly oddball observations rip , the two actresses make their interplay bubble . When Mullins confuses Ashburn 's overly fussy pair of pajamas with a tuxedo , it 's all wrong , yet somehow right . And when the partners go to an old man 's bar and do shots all night , dancing to Deee-Lite 's " Groove Is In the Heart , " the drunken craziness is infectious enough to make you want to join them . But once these two get to be friends , the comic tension dissipates , and the film 's boilerplate drug-dealer plot takes over and goes on and on . "  The Heat " is fresher than a lot of the male-centric movies it takes off from , because there 's little about aggressive guy banter that has n't been worn to the ground by Hollywood . You can tell how much the times have changed when Ashburn gets an oyster-shucking knife stuck in her thigh , then pulled out , then shoved back , or when she performs a graphic emergency tracheotomy  $ " and the blood-gushing grossness is , in every sense , a gag . It 's genuinely jolting  in a way that , I suspect , may prove highly commercial  to see women go through these motions . But the motions are still market-tested and machine-tooled . Even when they 're channeling the happy madness of Melissa McCarthy . Grade : B See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy co-star in "  The Heat " Directed by Paul Feig , it 's the first female buddy cop action comedy The duo work best when their characters are n't friends But when they become chummy , the comedy goes downhill
CNN  The head of the Libyan Army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any EU military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach Europe . In an exclusive interview Friday with CNN 's Becky Anderson , Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar said Libyan authorities had not been consulted and , in any event , military action would not solve the problem . "  We will certainly not cooperate , because we were not involved in resolving this issue , " Haftar said . "  The decision was taken without consulting the legitimate Libyan side . " The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach European shores . Many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in Libya and elsewhere in the region . The capsizing of one vessel last weekend left an estimated 900 people dead . EU leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers at the source -- before they load their boats with human cargo . Of necessity , such an operation would involve operations within the territory of North African countries . But Haftar expressed dismay at the prospect in his interview with CNN . "  Military action against Libyan territory is an unwise decision , " he said . "  You need to deal with the Libyan crisis as a whole . We are a sovereign country that needs to be respected despite what we are going through right now . " Haftar did not respond directly when he was asked whether Libyan authorities would confront any European forces within its territory . "  The European Union needs to stand with the Libyan people to solve the crisis instead of taking such decisions , " the general said . "  The migrant crisis affects them . But why do n't they see that our problems are also very important ? It 's important for them to support us either on the humanitarian front or on the security front . " Pressed on the point , Haftar replied , "  We do what 's in the interest of the Libyan people . The European Union is looking after its own interests so we will also look after ours . " But he said Libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration . "  If they take the right approach , we will certainly cooperate , " he said , referring to EU authorities . "  The appropriate approach will benefit Libya and its fight against terrorism . And I repeat , that means lifting sanctions against Libya -- specifically those against the army . "	Head of Libyan army tells CNN Libyan authorities have not been consulted Gen. Khalifa Haftar says Libya will "  look after " its interests Solution to migration problem requires lifting of sanctions , general says
CNN  -- Modern technology has made campaigning much easier in some ways . It 's now possible to raise millions in small donations through the Internet , host Facebook town halls and galvanize millions of supporters through Twitter . An ad can be released on YouTube and attract enough media coverage to make it worthwhile without spending a dime on TV time . Technology is also a double-edged sword that 's made campaigning more complicated . A candidate 's every word can now be captured by modern technology and live in e-perpetuity . There is no such thing as wiping the slate clean after the primary . Candidates should be read their Miranda Rights before beginning a campaign . Anything they say can and will be used against them . How can Mitt Romney contend with some of the things he said during the primary campaign which will come back to haunt him in the general election ? He needs to gracefully pivot . Nowhere is this more true than in his outreach efforts with Hispanics . Romney can not Hispander  blatant pandering to Hispanics , usually involving mariachi music and merciless butchering of the Spanish language  . He can not flip-flop on immigration  again  . He 's fought the flip-flopper label for years , and neither the right that still does n't entirely trust him nor the left that is salivating to defeat him will let him get away with a drastic change of position . Romney desperately needs to improve his numbers with Latinos . Polls show Romney trailing by as much as an unbelievable 50 percentage points behind President Obama with Hispanic voters . In 2008 , Arizona Sen. John McCain won 31 % of the Latino vote . It cost him states like Florida , New Mexico , Nevada and Utah . Unless Romney gets close to 40 % of the Latino vote , he can kiss the White House goodbye . Polls also show that immigration is not the most important issue for Latinos . Like other Americans , we are most concerned about the economy . Still , immigration does set a tone . If Latinos perceive a candidate as anti-immigrant , it can turn them off , period . So , what 's Romney to do ? He ca n't erase the things he 's said on immigration . Despite his campaign 's efforts , they ca n't make supporters  or an adviser  like Kris Kobach disappear , and he is as radioactive as Kryptonite in the Latino community . However , all 's not lost . From now until Election Day , when Romney gets asked an immigration question , he needs to start and finish by reminding Latinos that Obama promised , without caveats , to get immigration reform passed in his first year in office . Navarrette : Why Marco Rubio ca n't save the GOP For many Latinos , a person 's word is sacred . Romney should unequivocally say that Obama broke his word and dramatically increased deportation rates , causing family separation . He should sound angry and indignant about it . Romney needs to go from playing defense to playing offense on immigration . Hispanics are disillusioned with Obama . He too is vulnerable on the issue but only if Romney exploits that weakness . Romney has to remain staunchly anti-amnesty and pro-border security but at the same time sound sympathetic and understanding of the desperation of people who often risk their lives crossing a border so they can put food on their family 's table . He needs to talk about the benefits of immigration and how the richness of our diversity has made us a stronger country . If Romney can neutralize the immigration issue by moderating his tone , giving more nuanced answers and taking the offensive against Obama , then he can focus on other issues . Hispanics are an aspirational people . We seek opportunities to provide a better life to our children . Romney should take every chance to remind Latinos that we have been disproportionately affected by the bad economy . As a group , Hispanics have suffered some of the highest unemployment , foreclosure and poverty rates . If Latinos are asked whether they are better off than four years ago , the answer is "  No , se  or . " Romney is also going to have to put the time and resources into Hispanic outreach . If he expects to make up the lost ground , Hispanics can not be an afterthought . His campaign needs to wake up and go to sleep every night thinking of the Latino vote . They 'd be well served to embrace and deploy strong surrogates like Jeb Bush , Marco Rubio and Raul Labrador . They speak the language not only literally but culturally . Latinos want to be courted . Obama has accepted speaking invitations to the NALEO and La Raza conferences . Romney needs to do the same , pronto , and he needs to make it count by delivering memorable speeches . Come Election Day , I do n't know whether Romney is going to do better with Hispanics than the polls indicate or if Obama is going to do worse . Romney needs a lot of both to happen if he wants to move into la Casa Blanca . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ana Navarro .	Ana Navarro : Polls show Mitt Romney way behind Barack Obama among Latinos She says Romney ca n't wipe slate clean , erase what he said in the primaries She said he can pivot to show he understands the value of immigration Navarro : Romney needs to address economic issues and court Hispanic voters
CNN  -- For actress Kyra Sedgwick , it 's the public 's approval that makes it worth being away from her family for six months to tape her critically acclaimed series "  The Closer . " Kyra Sedgwick and her husband , Kevin Bacon , at the 66th annual Golden Globe Awards this month . But she may be getting more approval from her peers , too . Sedgwick will walk the red carpet again Sunday night at the Screen Actors Guild Awards , where she is nominated for a fourth consecutive year for outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series for her role as Deputy Chief Brenda Johnson . She 's also won a Golden Globe for her performance , in 2007 . The TNT series resumes Monday night where it left off in September with what Sedgwick called "  a fantastic five episodes . "  TNT is a unit of Time Warner , as is CNN . "  I said to the writers , ' I really want a lot of personal stuff for Brenda , ' " Sedgwick said . "  I feel like there 's some of those personal quiet moments with her alone , is something that I 've been missing as an actor , and I feel like the audience has been missing , too . "  She is such a complicated , fascinating character , and watching her growth and lack of growth is something that is really interesting , " she said . When CNN asked whether the new episodes might include a wedding for her character , Sedgwick laughed . "  That might very well happen , " she said . "  That 's pretty insightful of you . I 'm just going to just say that . " A marriage for Brenda Johnson would be "  a complicated , difficult situation , " she said , because "  she 's basically married to her work . " Sedgwick 's job also complicates her real-life marriage to Bacon , since the show is produced in Los Angeles and the couple lives in Connecticut with their two children . That 's where the approval -- whether on the street from fans or at award shows -- has "  been a wonderful phenomenon for me , " she said . "  On a personal level , that 's really good for me , because I really miss my family when I 'm working on the show six months in L.A. , " she said . "  As much as I try to get my kids to move to L.A. and my husband , they just would n't have it . "  It 's challenging , and I 'm glad that people are watching , because otherwise it would be kind of hard to go to work , " Sedgwick said . Sedgwick has moved into an executive producer 's role on the show , which she said she expects to continue for at least two more years . "  I love being with a group where there 's not a power struggle , " she said . "  I have a lot of say , and I always have . And that feels really good . " CNN Radio 's Jackie Howard contributed to this report	TNT resumes Sedgwick 's series "  Closer " where it left off in September Sedgwick is also up for two SAG awards Sunday Sedgwick expects to be in the executive producer 's role for at least two more years
CNN  -- Somalia needs international help to fight Islamist extremists battling for power in the lawless Horn of Africa nation , the country 's moderate Islamist president said Monday . Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed was recently appointed Somalia 's transitional president . "  I am calling on the international community to help Somalia defend against foreign militants who have invaded the country , " President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed said . Speaking at a news conference in Somalia 's capital city , Mogadishu , Ahmed called several times for international help in fighting foreign militants whom he claims are the same fighters who have fought the "  international community " in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Wherever they come , they fuel violence , " the president said . "  The Somali people can not and should not accept that their countries should be a launching pad for these militants to attack . " Ahmed told local journalists that he feared these foreign fighters would turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan , where U.S.-led forces are fighting Islamic extremist groups . He also praised local militias in the two regions of Hiiran and Middle Shabelle for struggling against the foreign militias . Last week , al-Shabab militants advanced to the presidential palace in Mogadishu , sparking sporadic fighting and shelling in the Somali capital . The recent fighting has killed more than 40 civilians and wounded about 150 others , according to sources at the scene . Al-Shabab -- once the armed wing of the Islamic Courts Union -- has been designated as a terrorist group by the United States , which says it is affiliated with the al Qaeda terrorist network . Ahmed participated in seizing control of Mogadishu in 2006 along with the Islamic Courts Union before it was ousted by Ethiopian forces later that year . He has since split from Somali jihad movements and was recently appointed Somalia 's transitional president through a process shepherded by the United Nations . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed speaking at a conference in Mogadishu Ahmed fears foreign fighters will turn Somalia into another Iraq or Afghanistan Fighting in past two days kills more than 40 civilians U.S. says Al-Shabab militants are affiliated with al Qaeda network
Mental Floss  -- What do you do when you 've just hanged someone for murder , and then their "  victim " pops up alive and healthy a few towns away ? Justice went thataway for some people convicted of murders they did n't commit . 1 . Not the Marion type William Jackson Marion and Jack Cameron met at a Kansas boarding house in 1872 . The two men became fast friends and traveling companions , using Cameron 's team of horses to go from place-to-place to find work . Along their journey , the two made a brief stop in Beatrice , Nebraska to visit Marion 's in-laws before moving on . After a few days , however , Marion returned solo , sporting clothes that belonged to Cameron and driving Cameron 's horses . Then he left town again . Weeks later , the body of a man was discovered with three bullet holes in his head . He was also wearing the same outfit that Cameron had worn the day he left town . Marion immediately became the prime suspect and a manhunt began . After 10 years of searching , Marion was finally captured in Kansas . The trial and conviction of Jack Marion was seriously abbreviated . Marion 's verdict was read after just one hour of deliberation , and he was hanged for his crime on March 25 , 1887 . Four years later , Jack Cameron reappeared looking for his old friend . Apparently , he had run to Mexico to avoid a shotgun wedding in Kansas , giving his horses and other possessions to Marion . Now he 'd come back to reclaim them . The story does end on a  slightly  positive note : Thanks to the work of Marion 's grandson , Elbert Marion , Nebraska governor Bob Kerrey granted Jack Marion a posthumous pardon in 1987 , 100 years after his execution . Mental Floss : 11 notable presidential pardons 2 . The Brothers Boorn In May of 1812 , when Richard Colvin vanished , speculation amongst the townspeople of Manchester , Vermont , was that his brothers-in-law , Jesse and Stephen Boorn , were responsible . Without evidence of foul play , though , no charges were pressed . Seven years later , the Boorn Brothers ' uncle had a dream in which Richard said he 'd been killed and his body buried in an old cellar on the Boorn farm . Upon excavation of the cellar , a penknife and a button were found , both identified as Richard 's . But the "  evidence " still was n't enough to charge the Boorn Brothers . Soon after , when a barn on the Boorn farm burned to the ground , many believed it was arson to cover more evidence . But , again , no charges were filed . Things finally came to a head , however , when a boy discovered bones under a tree near the Boorn home . While in custody , Jesse confessed that he and his brother had killed Richard . But before the trial began , a closer examination of the bones revealed they were n't even human , but those of an animal . The prosecution carried on , however , for they had the damning testimony of Silas Merrill , a forger , who was Jesse 's cellmate . Merrill said Jesse had implicated himself , Stephen , and their father in Colvin 's murder . His testimony mentioned the suspected locations of the crime -- the cellar , the barn , and the tree -- all fitting together in a neat little package . For his cooperation in the case , Silas was set free . As the evidence mounted , Stephen confessed as well , telling the same story as Silas , but without implicating his father . The Boorn Brothers were convicted of murder and sentenced to death in 1819 . Jesse 's sentence would later be commuted to life in prison , but Stephen was set to hang . Rather than sit idly by , Stephen placed an ad in different newspapers explaining his predicament . The ad included a description of Richard Colvin . Amazingly , the thing worked ! Someone actually tracked Colvin down , who was alive and well in New Jersey . The Boorn Brothers were released from prison and petitioned for compensation from the state . But because they had both confessed to the crime , they received nothing but their freedom . The Boorn case became the first documented wrongful murder conviction in American history . Mental Floss : 8 prolific female serial killers 3 . She Gets Convicted Zhang Zaiyu disappeared from Hubei Province in 1994 . A few months later , a woman 's body was found in a lake and Zhang 's family identified it as their missing loved one . Her husband She Zaiyu was arrested for murder . For 10 days , She was reportedly denied sleep and received severe beatings until he finally confessed to the crime . Once in court , She said the confession had been coerced and that he was not guilty . He was sentenced to death in late 1994 , but four years later his sentence was reduced to 15 years because the courts felt there was n't sufficient evidence for the death penalty . Then , in March of 2005 , Zhang Zaiyu resurfaced in Hubei . Mrs. Zaiyu claimed to have suffered from mental illness and had wandered away from her home in 1994 . She wound up in Shandong Province , living there and even marrying another man . Her identity was confirmed through DNA testing and her first husband was released from prison 11 years after he had been convicted . He then sued the government and received 700,000 yuan  about $ 102,650  in compensation . But more importantly , She 's case - and that of Teng Xingshan -- helped bring about changes to the Chinese judicial system in 2005 . Now , capital punishment cases are the sole authority of the Supreme People 's Court , which requires more oversight and investigation before executions are carried out . 4 . The servant and the bloody shirt On August 16 , 1660 , William Harrison left home in Campden , England , to do business in a nearby town . When he did n't return , his servant , John Perry , went to look for him . Perry found Harrison 's shirt covered in blood , along with his hat , which had been slashed by a knife . Harrison , however , was nowhere to be found . Authorities immediately suspected Perry , and likely tortured him for answers . He confessed to a conspiracy involving himself , his mother , and his brother . According to his statement , Perry claimed that it was his brother who had actually killed Harrison while attempting to rob him . Despite the fact that all of Perry 's relatives proclaimed their innocence , the entire family was convicted and hanged . Mrs. Perry , who 'd also been accused of being a witch , was hanged first . Two years later , however , William Harrison returned to England claiming that he had been abducted , taken to Turkey , and sold into slavery . He escaped when his master died , and his return was publicly lauded . While Perry 's trial did n't do John Perry  or his family  much good , it did have an impact on future cases . John Perry 's story set a legal precedent in England - "  no body , no crime " - that lasted for nearly 300 years . 5 . The professional job In April 1987 , the dismembered body of a woman was dragged from the waters of the Mayang River in central Hunan Province . A young woman , Shi Xiaorong , had been declared missing shortly before the body was found , so police believed she was the victim . According to authorities , the dismemberment looked "  very professional " , so local butcher Teng Xinhshan became a prime suspect . It was speculated that Teng had sex with Shi and killed her when she tried to steal his money . Teng claimed he had never met Shi , but was found guilty and sentenced to death anyway . He was executed in 1989 . Then , in 1993 , Shi Xiaorong reappeared saying that she had been tricked and sold into marriage in March 1987 . When Teng 's relatives learned that Shi was still alive , they sued the judiciary . After the case was reopened , Shi testified that she had never even met Teng , and that he had obviously not killed her . Teng was posthumously exonerated in 2006 . 6 . Puppy love In 1999 , 14-year old Natasha Ryan vanished from her Queensland home . No body was ever found , and , after years of searching , her family presumed she was dead . Their fears were confirmed in 2002 when incarcerated serial killer , Leonard Fraser , was secretly recorded in his jail cell confessing that Natasha was one of his many victims . In the middle of Fraser 's 2003 trial for the murder of four women , including Natasha Ryan , the authorities received a tip that Ryan had been living with her boyfriend , Scott Black , since her disappearance . They raided Black 's house , which was less than a half-mile away from her parents ' home , and found Natasha hiding in a wardrobe . The charges for Natasha 's murder were dropped , though Fraser was sentenced to multiple consecutive life sentences for the other three murders . Mental Floss : 5 celebrity kidnapping plots As for Natasha and her boyfriend , he was sentenced to one year in prison for perjury for claiming he did n't know Natasha 's whereabouts . He was also fined $ 3000 and had to pay $ 16,740 of the costs accrued by police while searching for Natasha . Natasha only had to pay $ 1,000 fine for causing a false police investigation , though she sold her story to Australian tabloids for much , much more . The two married in 2008 ; both of Natasha 's parents attended the ceremony . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some murder victims show up after suspects were convicted , sometimes executed Jack Marion hung for murdering Jack Cameron , who left country to avoid marriage John Perry 's family hung , victim returns 2 years later claiming he was abducted Two brothers ' convictions overturned after ad in paper locates victim in another state
The rumor : You can damage your eyes by looking at a computer screen for too long After staring at a monitor for hours on end , have your eyes ever felt dry , itchy or irritated ? Has your vision become blurry , or have you even seen double ? Has your head begun to pound because of all the squinting and straining ? Annoying eye problems like these call for eyedrops -- or maybe for dropping your computer off a cliff . But are Macs and PCs really to blame for our eyestrain ? The verdict : Computer use can definitely strain your eyes -- but there are ways to combat the damage Studies have shown that between 50 and 90 % of people who work in front of a computer screen have some symptoms of eye trouble . "  We definitely see a lot of people who complain of eyestrain , " says opthalmologist Dr. Brian Boxer Wachler . "  Hours upon hours of close focusing without taking a break is usually the main culprit . " The problem is so common , there 's even a name for it : Computer Vision Syndrome  CVS  . upwave : Is technology shortening your life ? Wachler says that people usually blink around 18 times per minute , which refreshes the eyes naturally . But blink rates are reduced when staring at a computer screen or other digital device , and this can make your eyes burn , dry out , turn red or feel itchy . Sitting too close to your computer monitor , or holding a digital device closer to your eyes than you would normally hold a book or newspaper , also poses a problem , according to Wachler . "  This forces your eyes to work harder than usual as you strain to focus on tiny font sizes , " he warns . Common symptoms of eyestrain and/or CVS include : sore eyes , dry eyes , teary eyes , blurry vision , double vision , light sensitivity , difficulty focusing on images , neck pain , headache or a combination of all of the above . upwave : How to prevent back and neck pain at work Instead of turning a blind eye to the damage computers are doing to your eyes , there are quick and easy steps you can take to reduce eyestrain triggers . Jeffrey Anshel , founder of Corporate Vision Counseling and author of the Visual Ergonomics Handbook , suggests first lowering your monitor . "  Because conventional reading is normally done with the book or magazine held in a lowered position , having your monitor in a straight-ahead position is unnatural , " he says . "  The top of the screen should be level with the eyes of the user , allowing for a slightly lowered viewing angle . " Next , reduce glare by angling the monitor so that you can see no reflections of any lights on the front surface of the monitor . The preferred viewing distance is between 20 and 40 inches from the eye to the front surface of the computer screen . Anshel suggests taking what he calls the "  three Bs approach : " Blink , breathe and break . Because we blink less frequently when starting at a monitor , remember to blink often to moisten and refresh your eyes . Correct breathing can relax the eye muscles , so be conscious of your breathing -- especially in stressful situations , when people tend to hold their breath . And because computer work often requires intense concentration , frequent breaks are a must . "  Our eyes are just not designed to be used at that close distance for a long period of time , " he says . "  Remember the 20-20-20 rule : Every 20 minutes , take 20 seconds and look 20 feet away . " upwave : 5 ways to get fit when you 're stuck at work all day By making these minor adjustments , says Anshel , you 'll reduce eyestrain and improve your overall health , too . "  There is no one solution to all types of problems encountered with computer use , " he concludes , "  but , with a little research , the answer to many of these problems may be right before your eyes . " This article was originally published on upwave.com .	Computer use can strain your eyes There 's even a name for it : Computer Vision Syndrome There are ways to combat the damage
Russia 's Vladimir Putin again sought to downplay fears that gay visitors will be discriminated against as he paid a visit to the Sochi area Friday , exactly three weeks before the Winter Olympics get under way . Putin 's remarks came as he met with volunteers for the games , the state-run Itar-Tass news agency reported . The President said Russia , unlike some other countries , does not criminalize homosexual relationships . "  We do n't outlaw anything and do n't nab anyone , " Putin said . "  That 's why you can feel safe and free here , but please leave our children in peace , " he added . Russia has come under international pressure since its parliament passed a law last summer outlawing "  gay propaganda . " The legislation makes it illegal to tell children about gay equality . The law has been widely criticized by Western leaders who have called it archaic and discriminatory . Human rights activists say it proves Russia is unworthy of hosting the latest Winter Olympics . Putin 's meeting with the Olympic volunteers came a day after he told foreign ambassadors in Moscow that the event would be held "  without any discrimination " against athletes and visitors . "  The games will be held in complete compliance with the Olympic Charter , without any discrimination on the basis of any characteristic , " Putin said Thursday , according to state media . The Olympic Charter states that : "  Any form of discrimination with regard to a country or a person on grounds of race , religion , politics , gender or otherwise is incompatible with belonging to the Olympic Movement . " Police presence Security has been stepped up in and around Sochi ahead of the Games . A twin bomb attack on public transit in the southern city of Volgograd at the end of December heightened concerns that Islamist terrorists may seek to strike in Sochi . There was a heavy police presence on the streets of the Black Sea resort Friday as Putin visited the area . Two security blimps also hovered in the skies above the Sochi Olympic Village , allowing long-range monitoring of activities on the ground . Meanwhile , last-minute construction work continues apace ahead of the expected influx of 6,000 athletes from 85 countries and thousands more visitors from around the world . The event has cost at least $ 50 billion to stage , including major infrastructure work in and around Sochi .	Russian President Vladimir Putin says homosexuals have nothing to fear in Russia "  You can feel safe and free here , but please leave our children in peace , " he says His remarks come as he meets volunteers for the upcoming Winter Olympics Putin told ambassadors Thursday the games would be held "  without any discrimination "
CNN  -- In the film "  Groundhog Day , " Bill Murray has to live through the exact same day thousands of times . In this administration , most Americans can be forgiven for feeling as though they 've lived through the same economic speech from President Obama nearly as many times . Given the extraordinary setting of a joint session of Congress , one has to question the notion of scheduling a rerun against the first-run debates taking place among Republican challengers to this president . The speech itself was almost literally a retread of the 2009 stimulus plan Obama pushed through a friendly Congress with almost no Republican support , with one important difference : The president never mentioned the cost of his proposal . He demanded that Congress pass his bill immediately more than a dozen times during the speech , but not once did he inform Congress of its price tag . Even worse , Obama ended up reneging on a claim made by the White House earlier this week that the bill would be entirely funded from current dollars . In the speech itself , Obama insisted that "  everything in this bill will be paid for . Everything . " But then Obama told Congress that while their so-called super committee meets to hash out an agreement on cutting $ 1.5 trillion from future spending as part of the deficit-ceiling agreement last month , they could make more cuts to cover the cost of his new bill -- again , without telling them exactly what those costs would be . That 's akin to taking a friend out for a big birthday dinner and informing him at the end that he 'll have to find the money to pay the bill . The White House insisted that it would pull those numbers together in a week to ten days . But the jobs crisis has gone on for years . While Obama was on vacation , he was telling the media that it was his single highest priority . The White House actually wanted to make this speech yesterday . And they did so without having scored their own proposal ? It is n't as if Obama had promised anything new . The "  plan " -- which still has not been released -- consists of getting money to states to supposedly save the jobs of teachers and first responders , accelerating public-works projects , extending the payroll tax cut put into place in the December tax deal , and extending jobless benefits for at least another year . In case readers have forgotten , that 's what Obama called for in the 2009 jobs plan in the stimulus package . At the time , Obama promised that by spending over $ 800 billion in borrowed money , we would keep unemployment below 8 % . Had that approach worked , Obama would n't have had to make a speech at all yesterday . His need to offer a Groundhog Day moment asking for a rerun of the stimulus blank check reveals just how badly his economic policies have failed -- and just how bereft this administration is of any new ideas to replace them . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Morrissey .	Edward Morrissey says Obama jobs speech reminded him of film "  Groundhog Day " He says speech was retread of jobs plans in the 2009 stimulus plan He says Obama vows everything will be paid for , but will let Congress figure out how Morrissey : Strategies like extending jobless benefits and payroll tax cuts are stale
Chances are you 're reading this while leaning over a table or slumped back in a chair . Your head is tilted forward ; your shoulders are curved . If you 're on a mobile device , your arms are bent by your side and your back hunch is even more profound . Am I right ? The position you 're in is probably causing you pain , whether you 're aware of it yet or not . Do n't worry , physical therapists have a diagnosis for the headaches , neck cricks and achy shoulders . They call it "  Text Neck . " "  Text Neck is not just a texting problem , " says Dr. Dean Fishman . "  Text neck is a gaming problem . Text neck is an e-mailing problem . " Fishman originally coined the term in 2008 while examining a 17-year-old patient . The teen came in complaining of headaches and neck pain . As Fishman was trying to explain to the patient 's mother exactly what the problem was , he glanced over and saw her posture . The teen was sitting in a chair , hunched over her smartphone , texting away . "  I knew I had something , " Fishman says . The average human head weighs 10 pounds in a neutral position -- when your ears are over your shoulders . For every inch you tilt your head forward , the pressure on your spine doubles . So if you 're looking at a smartphone in your lap , your neck is holding up what feels like 20 or 30 pounds . Sleeping with your smartphone ? All that extra pressure puts a strain on your spine and can pull it out of alignment . Dr. Tom DiAngelis , president of the American Physical Therapy Association 's Private Practice Section , compares it to bending your finger back all the way and holding it there for an hour . "  As you stretch the tissue for a long period of time , it gets sore , it gets inflamed , " DiAngelis says . "  The real question ... is ` What are the long term effects going to be ? ' " Staying in what experts call the "  forward head posture " can lead to muscle strain , disc herniations and pinched nerves . Over time , it can even flatten or reverse the natural curve of your neck . As your mother used to say : Be careful or it might stay like that . Dr. Michelle Collie , director of Performance Physical Therapy in Rhode Island , says she started seeing patients with head , neck and back pain caused by mobile devices six or seven years ago . Recently she says Text Neck has increased dramatically , especially among her younger patients . According to the Kaiser Family Foundation , 8 - to 18-year-olds spend an average of seven and a half hours using "  entertainment media " every day . But it 's not just kids . The average amount of data used on a smartphone tripled from 2010 to 2011 , according to Cisco 's Global Mobile Data Traffic Forecast Update . And each tablet generates 3.4 times more traffic than the average smartphone . Not only does forward head posture cause nerve pain , Collie says it can also create metabolic problems . Try to take a deep breath in a slumped position . Now sit up straight and try again . Experts say slouching can reduce the capacity of your lungs by as much as 30 % . A lack of oxygenated blood flowing through the body can potentially lead to vascular disease . And gastrointestinal problems can be caused by pressure placed on the organs in a bad posture . So what 's an iPad-cradling , smartphone-texting , laptop-loving guy or gal to do ? First , Collie says , is to be aware of your body . Keep your feet flat on the floor , roll your shoulders back and keep your ears directly over them so your head is n't tilted forward . Use a docking station and wrist guards to support the weight of a mobile device . Buy a headset . Fishman 's Text Neck Institute created a mobile app to help you remember to avoid forward head posture . When your Android phone  the app is not yet available on iTunes  is held at a safe viewing angle , a green light shines in the top left corner . When you 're at risk for Text Neck , a red light appears . Optional vibrations or beeps can be added as a warning . Most important , the physical therapists agree , is taking frequent breaks while using any mobile device or desktop computer . About every 20 minutes , stand up , roll your shoulders and neck or go for a short walk to improve blood flow . When you return , check out more stories in Our Mobile Society series . How mobile tech affects the family	Dr. Dean Fishman coined the term "  Text Neck " in 2008 The term is a diagnosis for nerve pain and headaches caused by using mobile devices Be aware of proper posture and take frequent breaks , experts suggest
CNN  -- Philadelphia police arrested Carlos Figueroa-Fagot after he turned himself in to authorities who believe he is the man who tried to snatch a 10-year-old girl in Philadelphia , authorities said Thursday The 33-year-old suspect gave himself up Wednesday evening after police released surveillance video showing the attack . "  This case demonstrates the power of getting information out , " Philadelphia Mayor Michael Nutter told reporters . Figueroa-Fagot was charged with a series of felony and misdemeanor charges , including attempted kidnapping , unlawful restraint , indecent assault and other counts . Authorities say the suspect has a prior criminal record in Puerto Rico that stems from between 2000 and 2006 . Last year , he also faced allegations of sexual assault from a family member in Philadelphia , police said . That case , however , was withdrawn without prosecution earlier this month . Neither Figueroa-Fagot nor his attorney could be immediately be reached for comment . The incident sparked an outcry that reached the top levels of city government , with Nutter announcing a $ 10,000 reward for the capture of the perpetrator , who tried to snatch the girl while she was walking home from a store with her 2-year-old brother on Tuesday . Police Captain John Darby said the girl immediately struggled against her attacker , but credits the screams of her little brother with thwarting her abduction . The boy "  literally screams louder than anything she 's ever heard before , " Darby told reporters Thursday . The surveillance video was released Wednesday on the Philadelphia Police Department 's YouTube page . Video shows Georgia girl , 7 , fighting off alleged kidnapper It shows a white car pulling up to the corner of Porter and Lee streets while the girl and her brother are walking home . As the children make a left onto Lee Street , a male gets out of the car and follows the children . The video then switches to Lee Street as the suspect walks up behind the girl and grabs her , pulling her away from her little brother , whose hand she was holding . The girl falls to the ground moments after she is grabbed and the suspect then lets go and runs away , fleeing in the white car . Authorities say the man also put his hand over the girl 's mouth , though that is unclear in the video . Neighbors told CNN affiliate KYW they are grateful the little girl is OK , but were worried for children in the neighborhood while the man was on the loose . "  It 's scary . It 's making people nervous , making people think that they ca n't bring their kids outside , you know , and let them play outside by themselves , and that 's not right , " neighbor Kathleen McDowell told KYW . Police also announced Thursday that the department 's Special Victims Unit made four unrelated arrests on rape and conspiracy charges related to the sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl on Monday at a Philadelphia recreation center . Authorities said they are looking for a fifth man and that they know his identity . More from CNN Justice : Feds raid City Hall of New Jersey capital FBI dive team to search for missing Iowa girls Arrest made in Philadelphia attempted abduction Arizona sheriff faces civil trial in alleged targeting of Latinos	NEW : Carlos Figueroa-Fagot is charged with a series of felony and misdemeanor counts NEW : Police credit the little brother 's screams for breaking up the abduction attempt Fagot turned himself in after police released surveillance video showing the attack The video shows a man fleeing after letting go of the 10-year-old girl he had grabbed
New York  CNN  -- The conviction of a former New York police officer for conspiring to kidnap , torture , cook and eat women has been overturned by a federal judge , who ruled that the evidence against him amounted to "  fantasy role-play . " Gilberto Valle , who has already served 21 months in jail and faced life in prison on the kidnap conspiracy conviction , did not say a word when he appeared in a federal courtroom Tuesday . He smiled and waved at relatives in court . One woman , in tears , said before the hearing , "  He 's coming home today . " Prosecutors said they will appeal the decision , and bail for Valle was set at $ 100,000 . He could be released as early as Tuesday . Defense attorney Julia Gatto said the decision backed up her assertion that Valle is "  guilty of nothing more than very unconventional thoughts ... We do n't put people in jail for their thoughts . We are not the thought police and the court system is not the deputy of the thought police . " "  Gil Valle has been in jail for almost 21 months , seven months of that were in the indescribable hell that is solitary confinement , all for a crime that he did n't commit , " she said . Valle was ordered to undergo a mental health evaluation , and to surrender travel documents and weapons . U.S. District Court Judge Paul Gardephe also ordered GPS home monitoring for the defendant . "  The evidentiary record is such that it is more likely than not the case that all of Valle 's Internet communications about kidnapping are fantasy role-play , " Gardephe said in the 118-page opinion released Monday night . Valle 's lawyers argued at his trial last year that the former police officer 's e-mails and online postings were just that -- "  fantasy role-play " and "  dark improv theater . " But prosecutors said he was "  deadly serious . " In his decision , Gardephe ruled that "  once the lies and the fantastical elements are stripped away , what is left are deeply disturbing misogynistic chats and emails written by an individual obsessed with imagining women he knows suffering horrific sex-related pain , terror and degradation . " "  Despite the highly disturbing nature of Valle 's deviant and depraved sexual interests , his chats and emails about these interests are not sufficient -- standing alone -- to make out the elements of conspiracy to commit kidnapping , " he added . The trial evidence provided by prosecutors was not "  sufficient to demonstrate beyond a reasonable doubt that Valle entered into a genuine agreement to kidnap a woman , or that he specifically intended to commit a kidnapping . " Valle also was found guilty of illegally accessing a federal law enforcement database . The database , which Valle was trained to use and had access to as a police officer , helped him research potential victims , prosecutors said . No one was kidnapped , but the jury did see what prosecutors said were detailed plans to carry out a plot . Valle , a six-year NYPD veteran , was convicted after prosecutors presented evidence such as a document found on his wife 's laptop titled "  Abducting and Cooking Kimberly -- A Blueprint . " The same document listed "  materials needed , " which included a gag , rope , chloroform and a tarp for the trunk . The FBI never found any of these items in Valle 's possession . According to trial evidence , he communicated online with three co-conspirators on the Dark Fetish Network , prosecutors said . At trial , Gatto called Valle 's conduct "  pure fiction " and "  make-believe . " "  He is anxious to get home to his family , the people who supported him through this whole ordeal , " she said of her client on Tuesday . "  I am sure he is very relieved , very tired . Prison has been hard ... He has to pick up the pieces of his life . " CNN 's Haimy Assefa and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	Conviction of former police officer in cannibal cop case is overturned Gilberto Valle has already served 21 months in jail and faced life in prison Valle faced life in prison on a kidnap conspiracy conviction Judge wrote that Valle 's Internet communications were likely "  fantasy role-play "
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Myanmar has alarmed Washington and the United Nations after it admitted carrying out airstrikes against rebel fighters in the northern state of Kachin . The conflict between the Myanmar military , which repressively ruled the southeast Asian nation for decades , and the Kachin Independence Army  KIA  has escalated in the past two years , displacing large numbers of civilians , according to human rights groups . Watch : Economic potential in Myanmar Recent steps toward greater democracy and civil liberties in Myanmar under the government of President Thein Sein , a former military official , have prompted the United States and other countries to lift most of the sanctions that had been squeezing the country 's economy . Terrorized , starving and homeless : Myanmar 's Rohingya still forgotten In November , President Barack Obama became the first sitting U.S. president to visit Myanmar -- also known as Burma -- in a symbolic endorsement of the fledgling reforms . But the U.S. government expressed concern Wednesday after authorities in Myanmar said they had used air attacks in clashes with KIA fighters this week . Read more : Obama lauds Aung San Suu Kyi , gives a nod to Myanmar "  We 're obviously deeply troubled by the increased violence , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said in a news conference . "  We are continuing to urge the government of Burma and the Kachin Independence Organization to cease this conflict , to get to a real dialogue to address grievances as the government of Burma has been able to do in virtually all of the other conflict areas . " The Kachin Independence Organization is the political wing of the KIA . The Myanmar military has been using "  air cover " in Kachin since December 27 in order to transport supplies to a base near Laiza , the capital of the state and headquarters of the KIA , said Zaw Htay , a spokesman for the president 's office . The military carried out "  air attacks " on Sunday and Monday , he said , adding that the president had instructed the troops not to invade Laiza . Attempts to reach a KIA spokesman for comment were unsuccessful Thursday . Read more : From Burma to Myanmar : Land of rising expectations Ryan Roco , an American freelance photojournalist currently in Kachin , told CNN from Laiza that he had witnessed repeated heavy shelling and airstrikes by the Myanmar military . He has seen air attacks daily since December 28 around Laiza , he said . "  They have targeted multiple positions but as of now , all have been primarily KIA military positions , some of which can be seen in plain sight from Laiza , bringing many residents to the streets and rooftops to watch in horror , " Roco recounted via e-mail . "  The shelling however is far less precise and far more widespread as hundreds of mortar rounds from 105mm and 120mm mortars are being fired from significant distance . " Shelling in Lajayang , near Laiza , on 27 December left one man dead and three people seriously injured , said Roco . He met the victims , who he said were civilians hit as they worked on a watermelon farm , in the hospital where they had been taken for treatment . The heavy artillery shelling "  poses extreme risk for civilians in the area already made vulnerable by war , " he said . The photojournalist questioned the Myanmar government 's account of its actions , saying what he had witnessed appeared to be "  a clear offensive effort to take strategic KIA defensive positions surrounding Laiza . " Roco traveled with the Free Burma Rangers , a non-governmental organization , which released images earlier this week that showed attacks by the Myanmar military in Kachin , but said he was not affiliated with the humanitarian group . Read more : Myanmar facing unfolding crisis In the past year , the Myanmar government has made progress in peace talks with other minority groups , securing a cease-fire with Karen rebels . However , clashes this year between Buddhists and Muslims in the western state of Rakhine have set off a humanitarian crisis there and underscored the difficult task of managing the country 's complex ethnic mix amid new political freedoms . The conflict in Kachin remains a serious challenge for the government , as acknowledged by the opposition leader and democracy campaigner Aung San Suu Kyi . "  A cease-fire is not enough , " she said last year . "  We have to have a political settlement if there is to be a lasting peace . " Following reports of the recent airstrikes , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on Myanmar authorities to "  desist from any action that could endanger the lives of civilians living in the area or further intensify the conflict in the region , " a spokesman said Wednesday . Ban also urged "  all concerned parties to work toward political reconciliation , " the spokesman said . Read more : Myanmar : Is now a good time to go ? CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report from Atlanta .	NEW : U.S. photojournalist says he has seen repeated airstrikes and heavy shelling Myanmar says it used "  air attacks " on Kachin rebels this week The conflict in the northern region has intensified recently , rights groups say The United States says it is "  deeply troubled " by the airstrikes
March 14 is my favorite day to be a nerd . Across the country , math geeks in museums , schools , private groups and elsewhere gather to celebrate the number pi , approximately 3.14 . That 's why March 14 -- 3-14 -- is Pi Day . What 's more , Albert Einstein was born on this day . A quick refresher : Pi is defined as the distance around a perfect circle , or the circumference , divided by the distance across it , or the diameter . It is also involved in calculating the area of a circle , the volume of a sphere , and many other mathematical formulas you might need in the sciences . Throughout history , people have been captivated by this number because there is no way to calculate it exactly by a simple division on your calculator . What 's more , its digits go on infinitely , without any pattern in the numbers . 3.1415926535897932 ... etc. . Even that many digits are more than most people would need for everyday use , but some folks have been inspired to memorize thousands of digits of pi , or even use the digits to create poetry or music . On Pi Day , one number ` reeks of mystery ' Math may be scary , but pi is not -- as evidenced by the widespread revelry on Pi Day . One might even say -- gasp ! -- it 's cool to like pi these days . Even the House of Representatives supported the designation of March 14 as National Pi Day in 2009 . In countries where the day is written before the month , Friday is 14-3 , which looks less like pi . "  And so Pi Day is an acquired taste , " mathematician Jonathan Borwein , at the University of Newcastle in Australia , said in an e-mail . Conveniently , "  pi " sounds like "  pie , " and pies are round . You could celebrate Pi Day in a casual way by grabbing a slice of pastry , or pizza . If you 're in enrolled in school , your math class or math department might be doing something special already . But if you happen to live in a particularly pi-happy place , you might be able to take part in some larger-scale , pi-inspired activities . Where Pi Day began If you want to go where the day is said to be "  invented , " look no further than San Francisco 's Exploratorium . Larry Shaw , who worked in the electronics group at the museum , began the tradition in 1988 . Last year was Pi Day 's 25th anniversary there . Pi Day began as a small gathering with mostly museum staff . Now it 's a public pi extravaganza featuring a "  Pi procession , " whose attendees get a number -- 0 to 9 -- and line up in the order of pi 's digits : 3.14159265 ... you get the idea . The parade ends at the "  pi shrine " -- a pi symbol with digits spiraling around it embedded in the sidewalk , which was unveiled last year . For those who ca n't attend in person , the Exploratorium has a Second Life Pi Day event that includes "  irrational exhibits , fireworks , cheerleaders , music , and dancing . " The museum also lists a bunch of educational activities to teach about the concept of pi . On Pi Day , is ` pi ' under attack ? Where Einstein lived On the opposite coast , the leafy university town where Albert Einstein spent the last 22 years of his life is showing community-wide exuberance for pi . Princeton , New Jersey , kicks off Pi Day weekend on Thursday night with a reading by physicist Charles Adler , then heads into a full day of activities on Friday , including a walking tour of Einstein 's neighborhood and a pizza pie-making contest . The pie-eating contest takes place at McCaffrey 's supermarket , while an Einstein look-alike competition will match mustaches and wild gray hair at the Princeton Public Library . Pi fans who have been spending the last year memorizing digits can show off and compete at the library , where the winner among 7 - to 13-year-olds can take home a cool pi-hundred  That is , $ 314.15  . The Historical Society of Princeton will have an Einstein birthday party . Tetsuya Miyamoto , inventor of the KENKEN puzzle , will speak at the library as well . Here are 10,000 digits of pi for you to memorize The "  brainiac town " residents "  love this event because it 's a way for them to celebrate how quirky they are , " said Mimi Omiecinski , owner of the Princeton Tour Company , who started Princeton Pi Day in 2009 . "  A lot of them get super into it . " Last year about 9,000 people participated , she said . Along with her fascination with Albert Einstein , Omiecinski was inspired to launch a town-wide Pi Day after she heard that the Princeton University mathematics department celebrates March 14 with pie-eating and pi-reciting  As a Princeton student , I got second place for most digits in 2005 and 2006  . Even more pi Chicago is getting into the pi business too . Lots of restaurants and bakeries are offering Pi Day specials . The Illinois Science Council and Fleet Feet Sports are hosting a 3.14-mile walk/run Friday night , with discounts for anyone named Albert , Alberta or Albertina . Philly.com highlights two options for satisfying your pie cravings in the City of Brotherly Love . Bostonians can head to Massachusetts Institute of Technology at Pi Time  3:14 p.m.  for pi-themed activities such as "  Throw Pie at Your Best Friend on High-Speed Camera . " The Museum of Science in Boston has educational Pi Day events , and the Seattle Children 's Museum will celebrate too . Even the Salvador Dali Museum in St. Petersburg , Florida , will celebrate the day , as "  Dali loved the irrational numbers Pi and Phi , often using them and other mathematical principles in his art , " according to the museum . If you live in the area , check out their schedule of math-inspired films and tours throughout the day . There are plenty of online resources too , such as piday.org . Outside of the physical classroom , Pi Day will be celebrated online through Google 's virtual classroom project . David Blatner , author of the comprehensive book "  The Joy of Pi , " is hosting a Pi Day competition in which students from three classrooms will square off to see who can recite the most digits of pi from memory . How did Pi Day become such a big thing ? Blatner says that Pi Day has become a hit for the same reason the new "  Cosmos " TV show is getting so much attention . "  People all around the world are hungry to make science and math fun and interesting , " he said in an e-mail . "  We know math and science is important , we know that it 's fascinating , but we often do n't know how to make it fun and interesting . Pi Day gives us a great excuse to throw away our fear of math and say ` Hey , it IS kind of neat ! ' " If you agree , just wait until 3/14/15 -- or as one popular Facebook group calls it , "  The Only Pi Day of Our Lives . " That 's because pi to four digits after the decimal is 3.1415 , and we 're unlikely to survive until 2115 to see that second instance of pi perfection . So get ready next year to take a picture of your digital clock on 3/14/15 at 9:26:53 a.m. That 'll be worth more than a thousand digits . Follow Elizabeth Landau on Twitter at @lizlandau How do you celebrate Pi Day ? Tell us in the comments .	Math geeks and others celebrate Pi Day every March 14 Pi , or roughly 3.14 , is the ratio of circumference to diameter of a circle The Pi Day holiday idea started at the Exploratorium museum in San Francisco Albert Einstein was also born on March 14
London  CNN  -- London 's Metropolitan Police was under fire Friday after 10 cases involving alleged racism by police officers were referred to the independent police watchdog for investigation . Eight officers and a staff member have been suspended while allegations that they used racist language are reviewed , the Metropolitan Police said . The 10 cases involve about 20 police officers and one staff member , a police spokesman said . Deputy Commissioner Craig Mackey said Thursday that the force , known as the Met , was taking the matter very seriously . "  I want to reiterate -- there is no room for racism in the Met , " he said . Seven cases involving alleged racism were referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission  IPCC  Thursday , he said , in addition to three that are under review . The record of the Metropolitan Police has been tarnished by claims of racism in the past . A government inquiry ordered in the wake of a bungled investigation into the murder of a black teenager nearly 20 years ago labeled the Metropolitan Police force "  institutionally racist " and a raft of recommendations were made to stamp out the issue . The new allegations follow the release by the Guardian newspaper last week of mobile phone footage that appeared to show a police officer directing racist remarks at a young black man arrested after the riots in London last summer . The complaints commission said three of the cases under investigation involve officers in Newham , east London . One case concerns racist comments alleged to have been made within a group of officers between January and March this year , the commission said . The three officers involved have been suspended , the watchdog said . Other investigations in Newham involve a 15-year-old boy who was allegedly assaulted by an officer and an allegation that a 21-year-old man was the victim of racist remarks and assault by Met officers , the commission said . Prosecutors initially decided not to take action against three officers accused of misconduct in the second of those cases but that decision is now under review , the complaints commission said . IPCC commissioner Mike Franklin said many members of the public would be concerned that Newham officers were accused in more than one case . "  Undoubtedly , these are very serious allegations and I would like to reassure the Newham community and wider public , that we are conducting a full , thorough and independent investigation to establish the facts behind these allegations , " he said . Mackey said the vast majority of the force 's 50,000 or so staff , including 32,000 officers , "  act with the professionalism and high standards we expect , " and that unacceptable behavior would be challenged . "  Whilst any use of racist language is abhorrent , what is reassuring for me is that in the 10 cases that have been referred to the IPCC , six involve other officers who have stood up and raised concerns , showing that we are an organization that will not stand for any racist behavior , " he said . "  The Met does not tolerate racism . " The National Black Police Association said last week that the decision by prosecutors not to act on the claims of assault and racist remarks against three officers highlighted the issue of racism and the criminal justice system . The association is "  deeply concerned that this issue undermines efforts to build and maintain trust and confidence of communities grappling with the impact of serious violent crime and escalating hate crimes , " it said in a statement . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Eight officers and a member of staff are suspended , the Metropolitan Police says About 20 officers and a member of staff are under investigation , police say "  There is no room for racism in the Met , " says the force 's deputy commissioner The force , which has 32,000 officers , has faced accusations of racism in the past
CNN  Angelina Jolie took the stage Saturday at Nickelodeon 's 28th Annual Kids ' Choice Awards and delivered a message of hope to anyone who 's ever felt out of place . In her first public appearance since revealing that she underwent a second preventive surgery to lower her risk of cancer , Jolie attended the show with her children , Shiloh and Zahara . She hugged them before she went to the stage to accept the favorite villain award for her role as Maleficent in the live-action reimagining of "  Sleeping Beauty . " "  When I was little , like Maleficent , I was told that I was different . And I felt out of place -- too loud , too full of fire , never good at sitting still , never good at fitting in , " the 39-year-old actor and humanitarian said . "  And , then one day I realized something , something that I hope you all realize : Different is good , " she said , prompting enthusiastic screams from the young crowd . "  And , as your villain , I would also say cause a little trouble -- it 's good for you . " Jolie 's career has been full of unconventional twists and turns , from her breakthrough role in the biopic "  Gia " to her current role as an actor , filmmaker and special envoy of the U.N. 's High Commissioner for Refugees . Her personal life also has made front page headlines over the years , including her adoption of children from developing countries and her candor in discussing her health . Jolie , 39 , wrote Tuesday in a New York Times essay that she had opted for the surgery after blood tests revealed markers that might have been an indication of early cancer . Two years ago , she underwent a double mastectomy for similar reasons . Jolie 's mother died of ovarian cancer , and the actress has a gene mutation that makes her chances of developing breast cancer and ovarian cancer much higher than the overall population . Jolie 's revelation provoked an outpouring of support as the news spread across social media . "  It is not easy to make these decisions . But it is possible to take control and tackle head-on any health issue . You can seek advice , learn about the options and make choices that are right for you . Knowledge is power , " she wrote .	Angelina Jolie tells Kids ' Choice Awards audience that she felt out of place growing up She came to accept that "  different is good "
CNN  -- Chinese football club Shanghai Shenhua hope to pull off a major transfer coup by signing former France international Nicolas Anelka . Spokesman Ma Yue confirmed that talks are ongoing with the 32-year-old , who is out of favor at English Premier League side Chelsea . "  We 're still negotiating over some details of the contract . If everything goes well , we 'll announce it next Monday or Tuesday , " Yue told CNN on Friday , adding that Anelka had been offered a three-year contract . Anelka has played at some of Europe 's top clubs , including Spain 's Real Madrid and England 's Arsenal and Liverpool . His transfers so far have totaled almost  # 85 million  $ 133 million  , making him one of the world 's most expensive players in those terms . However , his questionable attitude during his early career led to him being nicknamed "  Le Sulk " at Arsenal and being banned for 45 days at Real after refusing to train . In 2008 , Anelka moved to Chelsea in a  # 15 million deal from Bolton , where he resurrected his career after a short spell in Turkey with Fenerbahce . He showed the form that led Manchester City to pay  # 13 million for his services in 2002 , rebounding from his decisive penalty miss in the 2008 European Champions League final to help Chelsea win the domestic championship in 2009-10 . However , he has rarely featured this season under new manager Andre Villas-Boas and is widely expected to leave Stamford Bridge during European football 's January transfer window . Anelka 's international career came to a controversial halt during the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , when he was sent home in disgrace after clashing with coach Raymond Domenech . He was given an 18-match ban after refusing to apologize , but said he had already decided to retire from the national team . Shenhua owner Zhu Jun said former France international Jean Tigana will become the club 's new coach , according to the Shanghai Daily website . "  Tigana should be in the city by the middle of this month . He had already made a one-year coaching plan for the team , " Zhu said . The 56-year-old , who quit French club Bordeaux in May , has previously Turkey 's Besiktas , Englanhd 's Fulham and Lyon and Monaco in his homeland . Shenhua finished 11th in the 16-team Chinese Super League this year , having been runners-up in 2005 , 2006 and 2008 .	Nicolas Anelka in talks with Shanghai Shenhua , according to the Chinese club Former France international expected to leave England 's Chelsea next month He has rarely featured this season under new manager Andre Villas-Boas The 32-year-old moved to Stamford Bridge from Bolton in January 2008
Hadley , Massachusetts  CNN  When my son was born , I picked the name Alexander because the baby names book said it meant "  Leader of Men , " and I was sure he was destined for greatness . Here 's how I pictured it : He would be very smart , win awards , go to a prestigious university and maybe even be famous . At 5 months old , he still cried constantly , could n't eat or sleep and was n't really developing . And a heart condition was detected . His pediatrician suggested we have a geneticist look at him . It might be Williams syndrome , he said . I did n't know enough to be frightened , until I went to the hospital library where I worked and looked up the definition . Of the 25 things that could accompany Williams syndrome , seeing the words "  mental retardation " shattered me the most . I pictured someone on the short school bus , rocking back and forth in the seat , watching the world through glass but not being allowed to be part of it . Nope . That would not be our fate . We would beat Williams syndrome , just the two of us if we had to . I quit my job , took Alex to therapy twice a day . His older stepbrother , Kush , and I worked with him at home when he was n't in therapy . As the years went by , Alex made progress , but at what cost ? I became isolated and depressed . The other parents in our neighborhood made friends while their kids played together on the playground , but Alex could n't walk or climb unattended . I was n't about to let him sit in the wood chips by himself . We had work to do . With each evaluation , more deficits were revealed . Every time , I asked what I could do to help my son . The professionals patted me on the head and told me to accept his limitations . I dreamed of a place for Alex and I where there was laughter and happiness , where other parents who shared similar experiences could come together . I did n't want to choose between having friends and helping my son . I needed both . By the time Alex was 4 , I was a single parent . With my three sons , I moved from Philadelphia to Amherst , Massachusetts , where the schools included kids with special needs in their regular classrooms . One by one , I met parents who were like me . One father would become my future husband . We noticed that even though our kids were technically included in school , it was n't true inclusion . They were invited in , but they did n't have the skills to participate . They were often standing on the sidelines watching because they could n't keep up or understand the rules . I shared my dream with my friends , and together we embarked on a journey to create a welcoming place where our kids would be understood and celebrated . In 2004 , we opened Whole Children , a nonprofit where kids , teens and adults with disabilities can learn valuable skills to help them fully engage in the world around them . Instead of assuming every individual who walks through the door can follow complex directions , we support them as they are and teach them skills they need to be meaningfully included in their schools and communities . The first year , we ran eight classes and served 26 families . Ten years later , we have around 75 classes a year , and we have grown to a community of 800 families . We laugh -- a lot . Our children have taught us not to be afraid of mistakes , so we 've become fearless in our willingness to try . We frequently fail , which is the secret of our success . We understand , and are helping our communities understand , how much these unique and incredible children will grow up and enrich our community . It does not weaken us to make the effort to understand and include those who are different . It strengthens all of us . Alex is now 18 . He does ride a smaller bus to school , and he does rock . We did n't beat Williams syndrome because he still has it , but at some point , that goal just became irrelevant . Alex is Alex. He is an accomplished musician who aspires to be a DJ . He is in his high school musical , has had starring roles in Whole Children 's theater productions  everyone who wants a starring role gets one  and studies voice through a program at the University of Massachusetts . He recently gave a talk to a group of delegates from Azerbaijan who came to the United States to learn ways to improve their educational services for people with disabilities . He made such an impression on them that when I traveled to Azerbaijan with a group of professionals to support their work , a delegate said , "  Alex is known all over Azerbaijan . " So in a way , he did become famous .	Carrie McGee 's son Alex was diagnosed with Williams syndrome at 5 months old Williams syndrome is a rare genetic disorder that can cause developmental delays and learning disabilities McGee quit her job as a hospital executive to care for her son
CNN  This week , three more women came forward to accuse Bill Cosby of drugging and assaulting them . That brings the total up to more than 30 women who have accused the comedian and actor of sexual assault in events going back decades . All of the allegations have passed statutes of limitations , which means rape charges can not be filed . The women 's reasons for not coming forward earlier amount to : fear of retaliation , and fear no one would believe them . Fear . A few days ago , it appeared that former "  Cosby Show " cast mate Phylicia Rashad was condemning the women making the allegations . "  Forget these women , " Showbiz 411 had quoted Rashad as saying . "  What you 're seeing is the destruction of a legacy . And I think it 's orchestrated . " She was subsequently blasted throughout the media for what many took to be a dismissal of rape victims and a defense of Cosby . On Wednesday , in an interview with ABC News , Rashad said she was misquoted and attempted to clarify those comments . What she 'd meant to say was that , "  This is not about the women . This is about something else . This is about the obliteration of legacy , " she said . She blamed the media for declaring "  guilt without proof " and described Cosby as "  a genius . He 's generous . He 's kind . " Over the past several months , allegations have painted Cosby as a sexual predator , a serial rapist , a man who , over many decades , allegedly drugged and assaulted women , many of whom had viewed him as a mentor and guide . Still , no charges have been filed . He has not stood trial . He has not been convicted .  His attorneys have vehemently denied the allegations .  Which raises the question : Could a man accused of such things by so many ever deserve defense ? What if the man is someone you call a friend ? It 's fairly easy for most of us to condemn Bill Cosby , because he is not a person we actually know . For Rashad , the matter becomes more complicated . Cutting out a stranger is one thing ; cutting out a friend is another . And yet that 's what Rashad has to do -- that 's what we all have to do . We all have friends who have acted badly in one way or another . Maybe -- and I mean maybe -- you can continue a friendship with someone who has been accused , once , of rape , if you have asked the right questions and satisfied yourself that the one allegation is not true . But you can not say , "  It 's none of my business , " or "  We do n't know the story . " The simple fact is you can not be friends with a man whose accusers are in the double digits , even if this man is still walking free -- perhaps especially if this man is still walking free . Not if you want the rape of women to stop happening . That Cosby likely wo n't be charged for any of the alleged crimes he is accused of is a scenario not at all unique to him . Every year , literally countless men who engage in sexual violence against women do not face charges , for reasons as varied and familiar as those given by the women in the Cosby scandal . The law is not perfect , and has limitations . That 's where the rest of us come in . Boycotting these men , excluding them from our lives , not being their friends , their defenders , their devil 's advocates . Holding them accountable . Turning our backs . Stopping the rationalizations . This is where and how we take a stand .	Peggy Drexler : Phylicia Rashad defended Bill Cosby , accused in multiple alleged rapes Drexler says women must not do this if they want the rape of women to stop happening
Protesters rallied outside the Chicago campaign headquarters of President Barack Obama on Monday on the last day of the two-day NATO summit . The peaceful nature of the demonstration came in stark contrast to violent clashes that left protesters and eight police officers injured a day before . "  NATO has to go . Everywhere they go , this is the result -- violence against innocents , violence in the service of the international 1 % , " said Joe Iosbaker , an activist . "  We are here to demand accountability , and we 're not just talking about the rank and file cops who did the swinging and split skulls . We 're talking about  Chicago  Mayor  Rahm  Emanuel and  Chicago  Police Superintendent  Garry  McCarthy , " he said . Earlier in the day , protesters chanted and tossed paper airplanes as they protested Boeing Corp. 's role as a defense contractor . "  These are peaceful protesters . That 's what we expected , " said superintendent McCarthy . Later in the day , he drew a distinction between protesters and criminals . "  Yesterday was not a clash between protesters and police . That was a clash between criminals and police , " he told CNN . "  The news is n't what happened . The news is what did not happen . " By early afternoon , protesters had moved on from the heavily guarded Boeing building , where some windows had been covered in anticipation of possible violence . "  It 's kind of a celebration , " protester Blaise Sewell said . "  We effectively shut down Boeing with a Facebook event . " While McCarthy said officers behaved admirably in the face of attacks by protesters Sunday , the Chicago chapter of the National Lawyers Guild accused police , in a statement , of "  indiscriminate violence . " "  Police completely overreacted to protesters approaching the security perimeter and unleashed a violent attack on them without an ability to disperse , " attorney Sarah Gelsomino of the People 's Law Office said in the guild statement . Protesters suffered serious injuries , including broken bones , busted lips and concussions , she said at a Monday rally . The guild has close to 60 accounts of police brutality , Gelsomino said . Security remained tight in Chicago as the summit wound down . Commuters faced a more difficult trip with the closure of 25 stops on the city 's Metra train lines , which had been planned earlier . The city 's iconic Lake Shore Drive was also to remain closed through much of downtown , city officials said . Speaking inside the the NATO meeting , President Barack Obama thanked the people of Chicago for putting up with the traffic and also the city 's mayor and its police force for their work , which he said was done under "  some significant pressure and a lot of scrutiny . " "  This is part of what NATO defends -- is free speech and freedom of assembly , " he said . A day earlier , police clashed with protesters at the end of a march just blocks from the NATO summit after a they refused police orders to disperse and began pushing against a line of officers clad in riot gear . A video from CNN affiliate WLS showed protesters , some with bloodied faces , struggling against the officers , some of whom struck the demonstrators with batons . The confrontation led to a two-hour standoff between police and protesters . Occupy Chicago said dozens were injured in the clashes , though fewer than a dozen protesters were treated at area hospitals , officials said . McCarthy said Monday that eight officers had been injured , including one who was hospitalized for exhaustion and another who was stabbed in the leg but went back on duty hours later . Police said they arrested at least 45 people Sunday . The National Lawyers Guild estimated 60 arrests Sunday and more than 100 since the summit began . On Sunday , McCarthy said officers responded after protesters assaulted them , and "  the finger should be pointed at the people who assaulted the cops . " On Monday , he said protesters were largely peaceful and blamed Sunday 's violence on a group of protesters intent on breaking the law . While police want to protect people exercising free speech rights , he said , they can not tolerate illegal acts . Police spokeswoman Melissa Stratton also said Monday that some protesters had splashed themselves with fake blood before returning to the protest lines . While some protesters accused police of brutality in Sunday 's confrontations , Illinois Lt. Gov. Sheila Simon said Monday that police seemed to be doing a good job . "  I think for the most part , they have been doing a fantastic job of making sure that people are protected and free speech rights are protected as well , " she said . "  It 's a tough balance to get , but I think they are doing a good job . "	Police superintendent draws a distinction between protesters and criminals Obama says police did a "  great job under some significant pressure " Protesters rally outside the Chicago campaign headquarters of Obama Dozens were injured in clashes between police and protesters Sunday
London  CNN  -- Authorities in Britain arrested three people Thursday in two meat plants amid an investigation into the sale of horse meat as beef in Europe . French prosecutors continue to investigate , the country 's consumer affairs minister said . The announcement comes as UK inspectors said that horse carcasses contaminated with an equine painkiller harmful to humans may have entered the food chain in France . A number of meat plants that handled the horse meat as it made its way through the food chain are facing questions about what they knew and whether fraud was involved . The arrests in Britain involved workers at Farmbox Meats near Aberystywth and Peter Boddy Slaughterhouse in Todmorden , West Yorkshire , the country 's Food Standards Agency said . Inspectors toured the plants Tuesday and suspended their permits to operate on Wednesday , the agency said . The three men were arrested under the Fraud Act and are being detained at a police station , where they will be questioned by police and FSA investigators , according to the agency . It 's the latest twist in a Europe-wide crisis over rogue horse meat in beef products . Over the past week , unauthorized horse meat has been discovered in a variety of products labeled as beef that were sold in supermarkets in countries including Britain , France , Sweden , Switzerland , Germany and Ireland . French Consumer Affairs Minister Benoit Hamon said Thursday that the French firm Spanghero should have known that the meat it labeled as beef was actually horse . Spanghero was the first company to label the meat as beef , the minister said , adding that 750 tons of horse meat were involved over a period of at least six months . Spanghero should have identified the meat as horse from its Romanian customs code , as well as its appearance , smell and price , he said . The matter has been passed to the Paris prosecutor to be investigated as fraud , Hamon said . The offense is punishable by up to two years in prison and fines of up to 187,500 euros for the companies involved . Hamon said there was no reason to doubt that the Romanian supplier of the horse meat was acting in good faith . Before it reached Spanghero , the horse meat also passed through the hands of a Dutch company , Draap Trading , run by Jan Fasen . Fasen had previously been imprisoned for meat trafficking , Hamon said . CNN has not been able to reach Draap Trading for comment . Hamon said another firm implicated in the scandal , Comigel , should also have noticed anomalies in labeling of the meat it received . A Spanghero representative said the company acted in good faith . "  The company has never ordered horse meat and we never knowingly sold on horse meat , " the representative said . Fears over the rogue horse meat surfaced after it was discovered that eight out of 206 horse carcasses checked between January 30 and February 7 tested positive for the drug phenylbutazone , widely known as bute , the UK Food Standards Agency said . EU health chief vows plan to restore confidence in wake of horse meat scandal Of these , six went to France , raising concerns they may have entered the food chain there . The agency is working with French authorities to try to trace the six carcasses , which were slaughtered at an abattoir in Somerset , England . The two others that tested positive , at a different slaughterhouse , did not leave the premises and have been disposed of , the agency said . What 's behind the horse meat contamination scandal ? Bute is not allowed to enter the human food chain . The drug is no longer approved for human use in the United States , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration website says , because "  some patients treated with phenylbutazone have experienced severe toxic reactions . " The drug can cause various blood conditions and is a carcinogen , the FDA says . But the UK 's chief medical officer , Professor Dame Sally Davies , sought to reassure worried consumers . It is "  extremely unlikely " that anyone who has consumed affected horse meat will suffer harmful side effects , she said in a statement Thursday . "  Phenylbutazone ... is a commonly used medicine in horses . It is also prescribed to some patients who are suffering from a severe form of arthritis , " Davies added . British authorities raid slaughterhouse over horse meat scandal "  At the levels of bute that have been found , a person would have to eat 500 to 600 burgers a day that are 100 % horse meat to get close to consuming a human 's daily dose . And it passes through the system fairly quickly , so it is unlikely to build up in our bodies , " she explained . German supermarket chain Real confirmed Wednesday that samples of a frozen beef lasagna had tested positive for horse meat . Fellow supermarket chains Rewe and Tengelmann said they are examining certain beef products as a precaution . Ministers met for emergency talks in Brussels , Belgium , on Wednesday on how to tackle a crisis that has thrown the European meat industry into disarray . Battle over blame after horse meat found in beef products It was already reeling from a bombshell last month , when Irish investigators found horse and pig DNA in a number of hamburger products . The discovery of pig DNA in beef products is of particular concern to Jews and Muslims , whose dietary laws forbid the consumption of pork products . Jewish dietary laws also ban the eating of horse meat . After Wednesday 's talks , Irish Agriculture Minister Simon Coveney said the ministers had agreed to implement measures including random DNA testing of processed beef products across the European Union 's 27 member states . The United Kingdom is awaiting the outcome of "  authenticity " tests on beef products ordered last week by the Food Standards Agency across the UK food industry . The results are due by Friday . Investigations into what could be criminal fraud somewhere in the supply chain also are being led by Europol , the European Union 's law enforcement agency . UK Environment Secretary Owen Paterson , who met with Europol officials Thursday , said , "  This is an incredibly important step . It 's increasingly clear that this case reaches right across Europe . "  It 's clear that Europol is the right organization to coordinate efforts to uncover all wrongdoing and bring criminals to justice , wherever there may be . " Meanwhile , steps have been taken to tighten up the legitimate slaughter of horses in the United Kingdom . Beginning January 30 , the Food Standards Agency ordered 100 % testing of horse carcasses , and , as of this week , their meat will not be allowed to enter the food chain until the all-clear has been given . Previously , a random sample was tested . In 2012 , 6 % of horse carcasses tested positive for bute , the agency said . CNN 's Antonia Mortensen , Susannah Palk and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Three people are arrested in the British horse meat investigation French officials name the company that first mislabeled the meat The company , Spanghero , says it acted in good faith UK authorities are working with the French to try to trace six suspect horse carcasses
For the better part of a decade , the world has seen an episodic stream of predictions that Iran was on the cusp of building a nuclear weapon and that an Israeli or American pre-emptive military strike was imminent . Alarming forecasts are again gaining currency because of a new assessment issued by the United Nations nuclear watchdog : The International Atomic Energy Agency reported last week that Iran appears to be trying to develop a nuclear weapon . The specter of a nuclear weapon in the hands of someone as erratic as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad would weigh heavily on decision-makers in Israel , Saudi Arabia and Turkey and throughout the international community . If and when Iran is seen as becoming the world 's 10th known nuclear power , many experts see danger mounting , whether from the "  Iranian bomb " or from having to "  bomb Iran . " The prospect alone has been enough to muscle national security to the forefront of the 2012 U.S. presidential election , a contest that heretofore has focused on economic issues . As Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham recently put it , if Iran gets "  a nuclear weapon , the world is going to go into darkness . " Relying on satellite imagery and other information , the IAEA suggests that Iran has advanced nuclear weapons development at its Parchin military complex , about 20 miles southeast of Tehran . Experts estimate that Iran could make enough weapons-grade enriched uranium for a nuclear weapon within six months . Thus , even if Iran 's claims of peaceful intent were true , Iran is shortening the timeline needed to achieve a nuclear-weapon breakout . Iran 's checkered track record on nuclear transparency encourages worst-case analysis . No country agonizes over the threat posed by an Iranian nuclear weapon more than Israel . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who once said , "  It 's 1938 , and Iran is Germany , " last week called an Iranian nuclear bomb a "  grave , direct threat . " The Israeli media have been filled with rumors about the growing likelihood of an assault on the Iranian program , analogous to the way Israel destroyed the Iraqi Osirak nuclear reactor 30 years ago or a Syrian nuclear reactor in 2007 . Alas , military planners generally believe that any attempt to set back an Iranian nuclear program would be far more complicated than either of those surgical operations . Iran 's secret , multilayered and entrenched nuclear facilities and forces would require repeated air attacks on myriad sites over time . Escalation could spiral out of control , while there would be no certainty about the demise of Iran 's nuclear program . Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has vowed to hit any attacker with an "  iron fist . " But thus far , it remains a war of words . Defense Minister Ehud Barak said Israel has made no decision on whether to resort to force . While we may not be on the threshold of an Iranian nuclear weapon , that day appears ever closer . Several years ago , the International Institute for Strategic Studies published a dossier by a team led by Gary Samore , now the Obama administration 's top nonproliferation official . That report concluded that if Iran were to throw caution to the wind , it could produce a nuclear weapon by about 2010 . That date has come and gone . No one outside Iran 's inner circle can be certain about whether and when Iran will become a nuclear-weapon state , but Tehran surely wants the outside world to continue guessing . Even a slower timeline suggests that Iran could almost surely produce a nuclear weapon between 2013 and 2018 , placing the timing during the term of office being decided by the next U.S. presidential election -- or beyond . Accordingly , how to manage a recalcitrant Iran and how to support an ally , Israel , have become major features of the presidential campaign . A Republican debate on national security this past weekend provided a get-tougher-with-Iran set of policies that included more covert operations , support for Iran 's political opposition , tighter economic sanctions , arming regional allies and deploying greater U.S. military might to the region . And , as Gov. Mitt Romney put it , "  If all else fails , if after all the work we 've done , there 's nothing else we can do besides take military action , then of course , you take military action . " As Romney and most of the Republican candidates see it , an Iranian nuclear weapon is unacceptable . "  If we re-elect Barack Obama , " the candidate said Saturday , "  Iran will have a nuclear weapon . " Of course , it is easier for candidates than for officials to talk about covert operations designed to sabotage Iran 's nuclear program . And yet there are numerous reports that the United States or its allies have been behind clandestine attacks , whether against scientists working on Iran 's nuclear program , the introduction of Stuxnet malware to thwart Iranian centrifuges or the recent explosion at an Iranian Revolutionary Guard ammunition depot or missile site near Bidganeh . One area in which many Republicans appear to differ with the president 's policy is over the degree to which the United States should be supporting regime change by expanding the support for Iran 's Green Movement , which rose in 2009 but has gone underground . Of course , one problem with trying to instigate a "  Persian Spring " is that overt U.S. support for opposition could make regime opponents a bigger target and allow the regime to claim outside interference , rallying Iran around a more authoritarian government . Republican presidential candidates also called for stronger sanctions . For instance , some advocate sanctioning the Iran Melli Bank . However , it is unclear whether the United States could successfully pressure that institution , what effect it might have on Iran 's nuclear program and how an attempt to close it might roil global oil markets and the fragile global economy . A better financial tourniquet might be to go after Iran as a money-laundering state , as this could lead to the entities making money for the regime 's hard core . This Republican assault on America 's Iran policy clearly caught Obama 's attention . In the midst of hosting the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Hawaii , he spoke about how sanctions on Iran had "  enormous bite and scope . " The president promised to "  explore every avenue " and take no "  option off the table , " an apparent reference to the possibility of military force . Still , it remains to be seen whether any U.S. president might try to live with deterring an Iranian nuclear weapon the way North Korea 's nuclear program has been deterred rather than shut down ; one huge difference , however , is the wild card of what Israel would accept and do . Obama came to power promising to talk with Iran and North Korea . What he may not have bargained on was that neither government was interested in talking to his administration , at least not on Washington 's terms . On the Korean Peninsula , officials expect further provocations from nuclear North Korea , and U.S. policy is now focused on deterrence and crisis management . There may still be time to avoid a nuclear Iran . Washington should double down on financial measures , support for political opponents , arms for allies and covert action . But the United States needs to be resolute , not reckless . It needs statesmanship , not sound bites . If Iran succeeds in brandishing nuclear arms , all Americans , and not just one political party , will feel the repercussions of a post-American era in which no outside power can act as a security guarantor . As America winds down its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , Iranian leaders no doubt perceive a vacuum of power . If Americans lack the stomach for a fight , then there is little in Iran 's way of grabbing more power in a brittle region that features a weak Iraqi state and a shaky Arab world order . Iran 's brazen opportunism may well be what precipitates the unthinkable : another major military operation in the greater Middle East .	Patrick Cronin : Iranian nuclear bomb would threaten stability of Middle East He says it 's likely Iran could produce a bomb during next presidential term U.S. should still work to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons , he says Cronin : If U.S. chose to live with deterring Iranian nuclear bomb , what would Israel do ?
CNN  -- Sponsors of the California ballot measure that banned same-sex marriage are seeking to nullify thousands of marriages between gay and lesbian couples performed after the state Supreme Court ruled them constitutional . The passge of Proposition 8 left the future of thousands of marriages between same-sex couples unclear . The sponsors Friday filed responses to three anti-Proposition 8 lawsuits with the state Supreme Court . The briefs also defend Proposition 8 against opponents ' legal challenges , including an argument that the amendment needed a constitutional convention to be added to the state 's constitution . "  We are confident that the will of the voters and Proposition 8 will ultimately be upheld , " said Andrew Pugno , General Counsel for ProtectMarriage.com and the Proposition 8 Legal Defense Fund . California Attorney General Edmund "  Jerry " Brown called on the court to reject the initiative . "  Proposition 8 must be invalidated because the amendment process can not be used to extinguish fundamental constitutional rights without compelling justification , " Brown said in a written statement . Rick Jacobs , founder and chair of the anti-Proposition 8 Courage Campaign , said he was "  appalled " that the initiative 's supporters wanted to nullify the same-sex marriages that are already on the books . "  The motivation behind this mean-spirited and heart-breaking action should not be allowed to be buried in legal brief , " he said . "  If Proposition 8 's sponsors plan to destroy lives , they should at least have the courage to admit it publicly . " Opponents filed suit quickly after the November 4 election in which Proposition 8 passed 52 percent to 48 percent , effectively reversing a California Supreme Court decision that it was unconstitutional to deny marriage licenses to same-sex couples . The vote also prompted a series of protests , some aimed at supporters of the proposition . The proposition , which added an amendment to the state constitution , defined marriage as between one man and one woman . Opponents argue that the amendment can not be applied retroactively , but proponents say the amendment is clear on that issue . "  Proposition 8 's brevity is matched by its clarity , " one of the briefs read . "  There are no conditional clauses , exceptions , exemptions , or exclusions : ` Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California . ' " ... Its plain language encompasses both pre-existing and later-created same-sex  and polygamous  marriages , whether performed in California or elsewhere . With crystal clarity , it declares that they are not valid or recognized in California . " Opponents are also seeking to have the amendment nullified , arguing that it alters the state 's constitution -- meaning the state Supreme Court 's May ruling -- and therefore , according to state law , is a revision that requires a constitutional convention . Proponents of the amendment disagree . "  Petitioners ' challenge depends on characterizing Proposition 8 as a radical departure from the fundamental principles of the California Constitution , " their briefs said . " ... But that portrayal is wildly wrong . Proposition 8 is limited in nature and effect . It does nothing more than restore the definition of marriage to what it was and always had been under California law before June 16 , 2008 -- and to what the people had repeatedly willed that it be throughout California 's history . " California voters passed a ballot initiative in 2000 that changed the state 's Family Code to formally define marriage in the state between a man and a woman . After San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom performed same-sex marriages in 2004 , which were promptly annulled , Newsom and others sought to have the ballot initiative struck down . The California Supreme Court did so in May , and same-sex marriages were performed legally in California a month later . The court 's ruling said the right to marry is among a set of basic human rights "  so integral to an individual 's liberty and personal autonomy that they may not be eliminated or abrogated by the legislature or by the electorate through the statutory initiative process . " But opponents had already been at work on Proposition 8 , seeking to enshrine the marriage definition in the constitution , and the initiative was approved for the November 4 vote . Proposition 8 supporters also announced the addition of Kenneth Starr to their legal team . Starr will serve as lead counsel and argue their case to the Supreme Court . Starr , the dean of Pepperdine Law School , investigated the suicide of Clinton deputy White House counsel Vince Foster and the Whitewater affair . The $ 70 million investigation turned up evidence of President Clinton 's affair with Monica Lewinsky and led to Clinton 's impeachment by the House of Representatives . He was acquitted by the Senate .	Ballot initiative 's sponsors have filed three lawsuits with state Supreme Court Lawsuit seeks to nullify same-sex marriages performed when they were legal Sponsors also respond to lawsuits seeking to invalidate Prop 8
SAN ANTONIO , Texas  CNN  -- Three Americans rescued last week from captivity in the Colombian jungle will return to their homes Saturday , the U.S. Army South said . Left to right , Keith Stansell , Marc Gonsalves and Thomas Howes talk about spending more than 5 years as hostages . Marc Gonsalves , Thomas Howes and Keith Stansell have been undergoing a reintegration process at Brooke Army Medical Center in San Antonio , Texas , since their return 10 days ago to the United States . The men were among 15 hostages , including former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt , who were rescued July 2 in a Colombian military operation . The men carried with them a metal lock , a bullet and a chess board made of cardboard -- small items that are reminders of the years they spent away from their families , cut off from the world outside the jungle , seeing only fellow hostages and their captors , the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia  FARC  . The group had held the three U.S. government contractors hostage since February 2003 , after their plane crashed in a remote region of the South American country . "  They do n't recognize humanity , they do n't recognize human rights . They 're animals . They 're terrorists , " Stansell said of the FARC . "  We do n't want to exaggerate what happened . We just want to tell the truth . " The men painted a gruesome picture of their captivity , describing months in which they were ordered not to speak to each other and an initial campsite where they lived with a rat 's nest above them . They slept on the floors of drug labs and were forced to march for hours while chained . Chains were very much a part of their captivity . "  That was put around my neck every night , " Stansell told Headline News ' Robin Meade on Thursday , holding a heavy industrial lock . "  This lock , with 5 meters of chain -- thick , 1-inch links -- went to his neck , " Stansell said , pointing at Gonsalves . "  We slept like that , " he said . Watch how the rescue surprised the hostages " Gonsalves also held small wooden chess pawns he had carved using a broken piece of a machete . It took three months to make them , he said . Watch Gonsalves talk about how chess made him feel free " "  We 're in chains , sitting Indian-style on a piece of plastic , just playing chess , " Stansell said . "  And when you 're doing that , you 're free . " Howes , the most reticent of the three , carried with him a bullet from a commander who had once threatened to kill him . But despite the chains , the intolerable living conditions and the isolation , being away from their families was possibly the most difficult hardship to endure , the men said . "  I remember my darkest day was in the first month of our captivity , " Gonsalves said . "  We were , at that point , locked in boxes at night . ... That night , I dreamt about my daughter , who was my little girl and still is . And I had this dream about her that was so real ; she was sitting on my lap , and ... she had little braids in her hair , " he said . Watch Gonsalves talk about his darkest hour " "  It was a wonderful dream , with all of my family . But the problem was , I woke up . " Colombian government agents infiltrated the FARC leadership over several months , eventually tricking the rebels into moving the hostages by saying a humanitarian group wanted to check on them . A helicopter carrying fake rebels picked up the hostages at a rendezvous point on July 2 , ostensibly to take them to another rebel camp . But it was actually a Colombian military helicopter and the hostages were flown away , free , without a shot being fired . Read about the daring rescue mission The FARC , which has been fighting with the Colombian government and other paramilitary groups for decades , defends the taking of captives as a legitimate act of war . The group is thought to be holding about 750 prisoners in the nation 's remote jungles . Along with the former contractors , French-Colombian politician Ingrid Betancourt was also freed from FARC . She was abducted by the rebels in 2002 during her campaign for Colombia 's presidency . She told CNN 's Larry King on Wednesday that her time as a hostage was "  hell . " Stansell , who was captured while his girlfriend was pregnant with twins , said he believed for a while that one had died . A guard told Stansell he saw a photograph of the girlfriend with only one son , he said , although the guard did not produce the photograph . Then , one day on the radio , he heard "  two little guys ... sending me messages . " On Sundays , Caracol Radio airs a program called "  Voices of Captivity , " a lifeline for FARC hostages as the program often plays messages from the family members of the hostages . "  This is just a deep breath of happiness , " Stansell said of his sons . Watch the full interview - Part 1 ; " Watch the full interview - Part 2 " The radio was also how Stansell 's girlfriend accepted his marriage proposal , which he had smuggled out with a hostage who had been released , he said . She also accepted in person after his rescue , he said . "  And I looked at -LSB- her -RSB- and I said , ` This is a go , right ? ' She said , ` That 's it . This is our family , ' " he recalled . He said when he saw his sons for the first time , it was as though he had known them since birth . "  I opened the door . ... I hear , ` Papa , Papa , Papa , " he said . "  And they just hit me ; it was like I had never even been gone . " Captivity also separated Howes from his wife and two sons . "  Before this -LSB- I -RSB- was a guy that was kind of a typical American guy that was working , busy working , running through a life full-speed , " he said . "  I had a little boy when we crashed that was 5 years old , another one 15 . Had a wife who was back in the States ; we just got a house . I had 12 nights in the house of my dreams in the States , " he said . "  And suddenly , we drop off the face of the Earth . " He said , "  When you 're in our situation , we realize what 's important . We know . The three of us know better than any of you guys out there , it 's the family . And I 'd like everyone to listen very closely to that . "	Former FARC captives talk to CNN a week after they were freed One keeps a lock that held the chain that was placed around his neck at night Another has a cardboard chess set that he carved as a hostage FARC captured the U.S. government contractors hostage in February 2003
CNN  -- Pass the stuffing , and the popcorn . Over Thanksgiving weekend , movie theaters sold an estimated $ 295 million worth of tickets , breaking the record of $ 273 million set in 2009 . Knowing that there were going to be several hot movies in theaters and that people love to take pictures of their ticket stubs , we asked readers to tag their Instagram photos of ticket stubs #stubreview and share a brief review . Sure enough , the posts came . We saw dozens of tagged images representing about a dozen movies and from several countries . Most attendees showed us first-run films , but some went to see older movies . Ticket prices ranged from about $ 2 for a matinee to $ 13 for a full 3-D experience . The posts corresponded with the top five movies in the Thanksgiving weekend box office results , so we compiled a list of movies to feature based on those two sources . We also got reviews about a few others that were n't in that top tier , and we included a few of those right after the list . Did you see any of these ? . If you have trouble viewing this page , please visit Storify to see the post . Did you go to the movies over Thanksgiving weekend ? Why or why not ? What did you see ? Share your thoughts in the comments area below or post video commentary on CNN iReport .	Theaters broke Thanksgiving weekend box office records We asked Instagram users to combine photos of tickets with reviews via #stubreview hashtag "  Breaking Dawn , " "  Skyfall , " "  Lincoln " remained popular What do you think ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on CNN iReport
CNN  -- While studiously avoiding the word "  torture , " CIA Director John Brennan told reporters on Thursday that the aggressive interrogation program yielded information that helped the agency find Osama bin Laden . He also called the Senate Intelligence Committee 's damning report on CIA abuses "  flawed " by partisanship , as well as "  exaggerations and misrepresentations . " Brennan 's comments are certain to pour oil on the already raging debate over what constitutes torture , how effective it is and who authorized what in the chaotic days and months after the 9/11 attacks . They also put the Obama administration squarely in the crossfire between Democrats defending the committee 's handiwork and Republicans and former CIA chiefs trashing it . The culmination of a six-year investigation , the committee Democrats ' report was intended to provide a moment of moral reckoning for America . Instead , it has underscored Washington 's inability to rise above partisan truths and forge a common view on how to defend the country from terrorist attacks . As an exercise in political accountability , a comprehensive report on the CIA 's detention and interrogation of terrorist suspects after 9/11 is overdue . In its otherwise commendable zeal to avert further terrorist attacks , the agency sometimes overstepped the bounds of decency . "  Abhorrent " is how Brennan described the behavior of what he insisted was a handful of rogue CIA officials who acted without authorization , and understanding how that happened is necessary to prevent it from happening again . Yet rather than move us toward consensus on that point , the report has revealed a shockingly deep partisan divide over the morality and efficacy of torture . This largely reflects the Republican Party 's unwillingness to confront America 's faults and misdeeds . "  I think we were fundamentally justified and I would do it again in a minute , " declared former Vice President Dick Cheney , who continues to insist that the CIA did not engage in torture . But Senate Intelligence Committee Democrats , who wrote the study , also bear some responsibility for polarizing the debate . It is , literally , a partisan report -- none of the committee Republicans endorsed it , and instead produced a point-by-point rebuttal . What 's more , the majority report 's relentlessly adversarial tone hardly seems calculated to produce the catharsis its authors say the country needs . Still , the committee gets the biggest thing right . Based on a huge review of 6 million CIA documents , it concludes the agency tortured 39 suspects at "  black " sites around the world . The squalid details of the violence inflicted on captives ca n't be hidden behind bureaucratic euphemisms like "  enhanced interrogation techniques . " This was torture , plain and simple . It violated America 's professed commitment to individual dignity . And , by handing our enemies a propaganda windfall , it damaged our national security . In today 's press conference , Brennan also clung to the fictitious distinction between "  enhanced interrogation techniques , " which he said were authorized by the Bush administration , and torture , which was not . Although President Obama prohibited the use of torture in a 2009 executive order  as did President Bush in an executive order he issued in 2007  , Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , chairwoman of the Senate committee , wants Congress to pass fresh legislation to outlaw torture . She 's right , even if there 's zero chance of that happening . The United States , after all , is still in the midst of a long , murky war with Islamist terrorism , with no end in sight . The people and agencies we 've charged to wage that war deserve what they did n't get at the outset : clear legal and moral guidance to keep their conduct aligned with America 's values . The report begins by stating categorically that torture does n't work . But while some intelligence experts echo this conclusion -- as does Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , whose views on the matter command respect -- many top CIA officials insist brutal methods did yield vital intelligence that led to the capture of major terrorist leaders and foiled several pending attacks . I have no way of telling who is right . Certainly , it 's convenient to believe that torture never produces valuable information ; if true it 's purely a matter of sadism and there 's no earthly reason to condone it . But absolutist claims on either side strike me as implausible , and the committee might have been better off conceding that torture may have yielded important tidbits , but that they were n't worth the moral cost of betraying our own ideals and giving our enemies the idea that it 's alright to torture captured Americans , because we do it , too . The committee also did itself no favors by declining to interview former CIA leaders , whom Brennan said could have provided important context that memos and papers lack . This puzzling omission has made it easier for Republicans to dismiss the committee 's work as a partisan vendetta against the agency , rather than a dispassionate effort to set the historical record straight . That said , the report builds a persuasive case that the CIA routinely exaggerated the value of whatever it gleaned from physically , mentally and emotionally abusing captives . Indeed , the most troubling thing about the study is its portrait of the CIA as a rogue agency running amok . The agency , after all , is an arm of the U.S. government and is answerable to Congress and the White House . As Brennan noted , its detention and interrogation program operated under guidance for the U.S. Justice Department . Yet the report alleges the CIA systematically lied to all its political overseers to shield its interrogation program from scrutiny and keep it going . According to the report , the agency did n't even brief the Bush administration on the program until 2006  by which time the program was winding down  . False , says former CIA Director Michael Hayden , who took over the CIA in 2006 . President George W. Bush "  approved the waterboarding of Abu Zubaydah -LSB- in 2002 -RSB- . It 's in his book ! " Hayden told reporter Michael Hirsh . Zubaydah was the first suspect subjected to torture . Ultimately , scapegoating the CIA is a little too convenient . It lets the Bush administration , which ordered an unprepared CIA to set up the program , off the hook . And in belaboring the alleged mendacity of the CIA , the report obscures the larger truth about the whole shameful episode : After the shock of 9/11 , the CIA did exactly what most Americans and political leaders wanted and expected it to do -- go after our enemies tong and hammer to prevent further attacks . They  and we  wanted results , and were n't too particular about how the clandestine service got them . In the heat of battle , the agency went too far . But the CIA is not the KGB . If it erred , our political leaders  including the intelligence committees  erred , too , in not monitoring closely the methods it employed to keep us safe . Now , looking back on that intense period of anger , fear and retaliatory fervor , we feel badly about what was done in our name . That 's the right reaction , as long we acknowledge our collective culpability , instead of pinning all the blame on the patriotic men and women we hire to do our dirty work .	Will Marshall : CIA Director John Brennan 's speech will fuel debate on torture Report reveals shockingly deep partisan divide over morality of torture , Marshall says Marshall : Report has relentlessly adversarial tone
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian are accusing a YouTube co-founder of illegally publishing video of their engagement party to boost his new "  foundering " website . A lawsuit filed Thursday by the celebrity couple blasts Chad Hurley , accusing him of secretly recording West 's surprise proposal to Kardashian in the middle of San Francisco 's AT&T Park on October 21 . The video shows West kneeling near second base to ask Kardashian to marry him while a large orchestra plays in center field . The leak diminishes the value of the video of the event that Kardashian and West own , the suit said . Hurley "  finagled entry " into the birthday party that West threw for his girlfriend , although only "  several dozen people " were invited , the lawsuit said . Although he tagged along with someone who was invited , he was permitted to stay "  only after giving his word -- including in writing -- that he would not publish any aspect of the event . " The court filing includes a photo of Hurley purportedly holding the signed confidentiality agreement in his hand . "  Immediately after giving his word to honor the condition required for his attendance at the event , " Hurley posted the shaky video on MixBit , a video sharing website owned by his San Mateo , California , company , it said . The lawsuit slammed Hurley , 36 , as a failed entrepreneur who leaked the video "  out of desperation . " "  Despite his extraordinary financial success in creating YouTube , which was sold in 2006 , Hurley has ever since sought his ` second act , ' " the lawsuit said . "  This has become exceedingly elusive to Hurley . " It cites his failed Formula One racing team and his "  Web service named Zeen , which also failed and has been slated for closure in 2013 . " His newest venture -- MixBit -- "  also quickly ran into trouble " after launching in August , the lawsuit contends . "  Following a lackluster launch and unsuccessful ensuing debut , Hurley sought to salvage MixBit from its dour beginning , " the suit said . "  An opportunity to do so appeared to Hurley when he learned of the October 21 , 2013 , event featuring West and Kardashian , " it said . The video is titled "  PLEEESE MARRY MEEE !!! Congrats Kim and Kanye ! " It is still posted on the website , and the counter indicates it has been viewed 1.6 million times . Hurley knows better , the lawsuit said . The terms of service on his own website warn users against posting any video that would violate copyrights , it said . "  Undeterred by the contractual restrictions to which he had just agreed , Hurley opted to exploit and capitalize upon the extreme public interest he knew would attach to the event , in order to boost the fortunes or his underperforming business venture , " the suit said . Hurley and his company did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment on the lawsuit .	Lawsuit accuses YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley of secretly recorded the proposal The video shows West kneeling to ask Kardashian to marry him Hurley violated his confidentiality agreement "  out of desperation " The entrepreneur "  finagled entry " into the exclusive party , the lawsuit says
