CNN  -- The woman whose public accusation of sexual harassment helped push Republican presidential candidate Herman Cain out of the 2012 race called his decision to suspend the campaign "  bittersweet " Monday . Sharon Bialek told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " that she was happy Cain decided to halt his presidential bid -- "  but it saddened me because even though he did so , he still has not spoken the truth . " "  He 's trying to blame everything that 's happened on everyone else except the one person that he should blame it on , and that 's himself , " she said . Cain ended his run for the White House on Saturday , saying he would focus instead on his family and on promoting his economic proposals from outside Washington . John King : Who gains with Cain 's campaign suspended ? He called the allegations against him "  false and untrue , " but said he was bowing out after assessing the impact allegations by Bialek and others were having on his wife , his family and his supporters . Earlier , Bialek told reporters during an appearance with her attorney , Gloria Allred , that she did n't feel sorry for Cain -- "  not any more . " "  I did initially , " she said . "  But when he kept going on and on and lying and making me out to be some troubled woman , then I really stopped feeling sorry for that man . " Cain , the former CEO of Godfather 's Pizza and a radio talk-show host , vaulted to the front ranks of GOP contenders in October . But his campaign began to stumble when news emerged that two women had accused him of sexual harassment in the 1990s , when he was president of the National Restaurant Association . Wolf Blitzer : 9-9-9 is dead-dead-dead In November , Bialek told reporters that after a 1997 dinner in which she had sought Cain 's help finding a job , he unexpectedly put his hand on her leg beneath her skirt and pushed her head toward his crotch . She said Cain told her , "  You want a job , right ? " but stopped when she protested . One of the women who filed complaints at the restaurant association , Karen Kraushaar , decided to come forward soon after Bialek went public . Then on November 28 , an Atlanta businesswoman , Ginger White , said she had a 13-year affair with Cain that lasted until shortly before he launched his presidential bid . Cain 's campaign accused supporters of one of his Republican rivals , Texas Gov. Rick Perry , of planting the initial story . The candidate called Bialek a "  troubled " woman put up to hurting his campaign by Democratic activists and said he had never met her . And while he admitted knowing White and helping her out financially , he said they were just friends . Bialek told CNN she would have regretted staying silent if Cain "  had gone further in the race and perhaps been elected president . " Political Ticker : No Cain endorsement soon Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	Cain has only himself to blame , Sharon Bialek says She says she has no sympathy for the former contender Cain suspended his campaign Saturday but denies any impropriety
OPRAH.com  -- In Jackson , Mississippi , Ceara Sturgis has grown up with her classmates for the past 12 years . Day in day out , she was a well-liked , self-described "  tomboy , " an academically gifted student . Yet , when her senior picture and any mention of her went missing from the yearbook , it became clear she 'd been removed because of her status as an out lesbian . Big deal ? To many , the answer is yes . How would you feel if someone you love told you he or she was gay ? How would your view evolve in that moment or over time ? Could it change ? Why would it change ? "  Do n't tramp on my rights , " my brother Robert recently told me at my nephew Ian 's wedding in Oregon . Robert was commenting on gay people who want marriage rights . Somehow , it had become all about him , rather than about them . I asked how letting gays marry would infringe on his rights ? "  I love the sinner , " he said . "  The thief , the alcoholic , the adulterer , the homosexual need God 's restoration , not our approval . " He is a believer that the "  gay can be prayed away , " and that it is , bottom line , a defect caused by the devil . Oprah.com : Get the answers to all your questions about prayer This yearbook deletion goes to the heart of the larger issue : how , as a nation , we 're split on this notion of sexual identity and tolerance . We are still split as a nation on what we believe , though it 's more evenly divided today than ever . It 's one part belief , another part feeling . Oprah.com : Is there a conflict between homosexuality and spirituality ? Gallup released its annual findings on sexuality that tell how we have changed . As of a couple weeks ago , more than 50 percent of Americans now accept gay relationships . What 's more , 78 percent of Americans now believe gay Americans should be allowed to serve in the military , while 48 percent believe gay Americans should have the right to marry . These are the facts . How are the feelings ? How does this conversation make you feel ? My own parents believed they could cast demons of homosexuality out of people . The joke in my family today is one of the demons slithered out the family room window and came in through my bedroom window while I was sleeping . Truth was , I knew I was gay when I was 4 years old . My mom knew I was gay around the same time , as I was smooching on other boys , yet it caused a commotion and distress when I came out in my late teens just the same , and my parents promptly sent me to a "  pray away the gay " therapist . Oprah.com : What it 's like to be gay around the world My brother , who I mentioned earlier , is this kind of therapist . Every few weeks , I get an email or a call from a family  usually it 's a mom who reaches out  asking for my help in doing a "  gay intervention " on their kid . Even as the sexual myths have gone the way of flat Earth theories , the way we feel , and the ways we believe sexuality to be , are more often than not based on the biases and beliefs we grew up with . I was raised being taught white folks  us  should n't date or marry a person of another race or even religion . "  It 's not God 's ideal for us , " my mother would warn . Oprah.com : Let 's get real about sexuality It 's important to note that in 1968 , only 28 percent of Americans supported the legalization of interracial marriage even as Loving vs. Virginia , legalized the very union across the nation that same year . It would take until 1991 until Americans ' support for it crossed the 50 percent threshold . But gay ? Is it really all that good ? Look , it took me awhile to get used to it being okay , having grown up in a place where what I was , was preached on and spoken of as an abomination . I expected my parents to get hip to the trip really quick , and it was n't that way . It took years for them to come to some new understanding on gay -- and frankly , it 's still up in the air what my mom would say if you asked her if gays should marry . It depends on the day . Oprah.com : Country singer Chely Wright on coming out On the other hand , as we have these hard conversations about who we are and who we believe others to be , it 's critical that myths not be counted as fact . A human being comes to grips with his or her sexual orientation , finally comes out to the family and then is furious when the family does n't get "  hip to the trip " right away ? It happens . "  I 'm embarrassed to admit that it took me 27 years to get comfortable with the gay thing , and then I expected my family to find acceptance in a minute , " a friend told me recently . Homosexual creatures are found throughout God 's wild and wonderful animal kingdom . It 's not unnatural , I think , just not the norm . In Mississippi , the stir was caused by a masculine version of a yearbook photo that said with one look that she was not likely the norm . When I came out , my mom was devastated . For my whole family , this issue brought them right up against how they felt about what they had been taught . They came face-to-face with a bias created in a vacuum . But what did they know ? Oprah says , "  I know what I know . " I would ask you , is what you know is informed by flat Earth theology or feelings based on others ' prejudices ? If the answer is yes , maybe it 's time to pull out your own yearbook and see who made you feel uncomfortable and why ? Then , pray on it and come up with your own answer that 's loving and kind , no matter where it falls . Oprah.com : What prayer really means Brad Lamm is a board-registered interventionist . He is the author of "  How to Change Someone You Love " . His group offers free training and support groups at BradLamm.com . Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	One writer recalls his childhood experience praying he was n't gay His parents struggled to understand and accept his sexuality Gallup : More than 50 percent of Americans now accept gay relationships Study says 78 percent of Americans now believe gays should be allowed to serve in the military
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Eleven-year-old Carl Joseph Walker-Hoover liked football , basketball and playing video games with his little brother . Rep. Carolyn McCarthy says the effects of bullying are becoming more severe . But on April 6 , after enduring what his mother called "  relentless " bullying at school , Carl hanged himself with an extension cord in the family 's Springfield , Massachusetts , home . "  What could make a child his age despair so much that he would take his own life ? That question haunts me to this day , and I will probably never know the answer , " Sirdeaner Walker said in a House Education and Labor Committee hearing on school bullying . "  He had just started secondary school in September , and we had high hopes , " she said . "  But I knew something was wrong , almost from the start . " Watch Sirdeaner Walker describe finding her son 's body " He did n't want to say at first , she said , but reluctantly told her of classmates who called him names , "  saying he acted gay and calling him faggot , " Walker said . "  Hearing that , my heart just broke , " she said . Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , D-New York , said the emotional and physical effects of bullying are becoming more severe and that the acts of bullying can continue outside school . According to the National Youth Violence Prevention Resource Center , about 30 percent of school-aged children in the United States are estimated to be involved in bullying , as either a bully or the target of a bully . Steve Riach , the founder of Heart of a Champion Foundation -- a nonprofit organization that says it offers educators an "  innovative and effective approach to developing character in the lives of their students " -- said his organization has learned that students recognize that school safety can not be accomplished only with security guards and metal detectors . And students "  have told us that emotional safety is every bit a concern as physical safety , " he said . Walker called school bullying a national crisis . "  I 've learned that bullying is not an inevitable part of growing up . It can be prevented , and there is n't a moment to lose , " she said . "  We need a national solution to deal with it , " she said .	House Education and Labor Committee holds hearing on school bullying 11-year-old Carl Joseph Walker-Hoover hanged himself April 6 Boy had been subject to "  relentless " bullying , mother says One expert calls bullying a national crisis
London  CNN  -- Imagine if you could paint a working light switch directly onto your wall , without any need for sockets , cables or wiring . A group of students from the Royal College of Art  RCA  in London has made that possible by creating electrically conductive paint . The paint acts as a form of liquid wiring . Unlike conventional wires , it can be applied to almost any surface , including paper , plastic , metal and even fabric . The product has the appearance and consistency of runny marmite , but dries quickly when exposed to the air . Its inventors , RCA graduates Isabel Lizardi , Matt Johnson , Bibi Nelson and Becky Pilditch , call their creation "  Bare Paint . " While they do n't claim to be the first group to have invented a conductive ink , they are pioneering new ways it can be used . "  We started this project in earnest in 2009 , " says Matt Johnson . "  We were originally interested in trying to apply electronics to the skin ... so we arrived at this idea of applying them as a coating and eventually we got this idea of a conductive paint . " The team began by investigating how electronics were being used in the body . "  In 2008 -- and probably still today -- there was a lot of work around electronic textiles , " says Johnson . "  And though we really liked the idea of having a jumper  a piece of clothing  that has some intelligence in it , we did n't like that it was so bulky and that once you took it off the functionality disappeared . " Around the same time there was a lot of "  extreme work " being done by people who were injecting electronics beneath the skin . For their final project , the RCA students began work on making something less intrusive , looking for a substance that could be painted onto the body . Eventually , says Johnson , "  that idea transformed into the material we have now , which is very safe though it 's not specifically intended for the body anymore . " After graduating from college , the team collaborated on a video for DJ and producer Calvin Harris . The resulting project was the "  Humanthesizer , " a performance which literally brought the paint to life , with dancers whose movements triggered audio loops from Harris 's song "  Ready for the Weekend . " "  Making a new material was a bit daunting for four designers , " says Johnson . The team 's solution was not to return to school to study chemistry for four years . Instead , they simply went on Wikipedia . According to Johnson , the online encyclopedia provided them with almost everything they needed to know about crafting conductive materials . Once the paint 's formula was finalized , co-creator Isabel Lizardi says the team began to consider how it might be applied to real-world products . The first thing they launched was the paint in its raw form , which they made available to other garden-shed inventors . Today , Bare Paint jars and pens are sold on the Internet and stocked by Radio Shack electronics stores across the United States . Projects being done by Bare Paint users include everything from interactive color wheels to homemade electric toys . Johnson says that conductive paint opens up an enormous range of creative opportunities . As conductive paint becomes increasingly common , we can look forward to a future where billboards talk back , walls are interactive , and greeting cards come to life in our very hands . "  Devices no longer have to look high tech to be high tech , " Johnson says . "  Our goal is to put interactivity onto objects you do n't expect . "	A group of students in London has developed electrically conductive paint The paint allows wiring to be applied to paper , metal and even textiles It is now being used in projects around the world including interactive posters and home-made toys
CNN  -- Target Corp. this month will open 27 new stores employing a total of more than 4,300 people , the company said . One of Target 's two new Hawaii stores awaits its Sunday grand opening . The stores ' openings will come just weeks after the retailer cut 600 people from its headquarters staff amid what it called weaker-than-expected sales . The retailer will hold grand openings for the 21 general merchandise stores and six full-grocery SuperTarget stores on Sunday . The new sites include the company 's first two stores in Hawaii . Each general merchandise store employs 150 to 250 people , and each SuperTarget has 200 to 300 workers , the company said . In late January , Minnesota-based Target cut its headquarters staff by 9 percent and eliminated 400 open positions . The company , citing difficult economic conditions and sales that did n't meet expectations , also said it would soon close an Arkansas distribution center that employs 500 people and would cut back on planned new-store openings . "  We are clearly operating in an unprecedented economic environment that requires us to make some extremely difficult decisions to ensure Target remains competitive over the long term , " Gregg Steinhafel , Target president and CEO , said in a news release that month . Retailers in the United States took a hit last year as a weak economy weighed on consumer spending . Retail sales fell six straight months until January , when sales rose 1 percent , according to the Commerce Department . However , retail experts said they were skeptical a rebound had taken hold . Still , two other retailers also announced plans to expand . Kohl 's announced last month that it intends to open 55 stores in 2009 , and Dollar General in February said it is looking to open more than 400 stores . Target reported its fourth-quarter net earnings were 40.7 percent lower than the same quarter a year earlier . Same-store sales in January were 3.3 percent lower than a year earlier . December same-store sales fell 4.1 percent . Target 's new general merchandise stores are in Rogers , Arkansas ; Santa Clarita , California ; Pensacola , Florida ; Bethlehem , Georgia ; Honolulu and Kapolei , Hawaii ; Council Bluffs , Iowa ; Las Vegas , Nevada ; Paramus , New Jersey ; Cincinnati , Lebanon and Reynoldsburg , Ohio ; Broken Arrow , Oklahoma ; Philadelphia and Exton , Pennsylvania ; Memphis , Tennessee ; Houston , San Antonio and San Marcos , Texas ; Midlothian , Virginia ; and Sun Prairie , Wisconsin . The new SuperTarget stores are in Kissimmee , Florida ; Canton , Georgia ; Hillside , Illinois ; and Pflugerville , Allen and Lewisville , Texas . The new locations will increase the number of Target stores to 1,699 , the company said . CNNMoney.com 's Parija B. Kavilanz contributed to this report .	Retailer 's new stores to open in 16 states New locations to employ more than 4,300 Target in January announced headquarters job cuts , reduction of expansion plans
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Five U.S. drone strikes killed six suspected al Qaeda militants in the southeastern Yemeni province of Shabwa on Monday , two security officials and one defense ministry official told CNN . The drones targeted militant hideouts , checkpoints , training facilities and weapons warehouses in the Azzan districts , considered the stronghold for al Qaeda in Yemen , officials confirmed . Al Qaeda took over Azzan district March of last year , from which it has launched numerous attacks in the south of Yemen . It was the first district to fall into the hands of Islamic militants in Yemen . Residents told CNN that the explosions were powerful and were heard miles away . Two security officials expected the death toll to rise . One of the strikes targeted a checkpoint run by militants near the entrance of the district . "  The attacks were fierce and we have not been able to get complete death tolls from the attacks due to the security situation in Azzan , " one official not authorized to talk told CNN . Dozens of militants blocked roads leading to the areas of the attack , residents said . Experts are concerned that the growing number of U.S. strikes will cause a backlash and hurt the Yemen 's efforts in fighting terrorism . According to two Defense Ministry officials , at least 11 U.S. attacks were conducted on Yemeni soil over the last week alone . "  U.S. involvement is far more than ever in Yemen . We have no evidence that all those being killed are terrorists , " Abdul Salam Mohammed , director of Abaad Strategic Center , told CNN . "  With every U.S. attack that is conducted in Yemen al Qaeda is only growing in power and we have to ask ourselves why that is happening . " On Monday , the Defense Ministry announced that seven al Qaeda militants were killed in Abyan province , where government forces have been clashing with militants for 11 months . Two of the killed were from Somalia , the ministry said .	Officials : U.S. drone strikes kill 6 suspected al Qaeda militants Strikes happened in southeastern Yemeni province of Shabwa Two security officials expected the death toll to rise
BBC TV presenter Jeremy Clarkson has asked forgiveness for using a racist term during a taping of his show "  Top Gear , " after Britain 's Daily Mirror newspaper brought a media storm by posting the footage online . Clarkson mumbled the n-word while reciting the children 's nursery rhyme "  eeny , meeny , miny , moe " to choose between two cars . That version of the take was never aired . Clarkson posted an online explanation Thursday in which he said he was "  begging for forgiveness " -- and argued that he had done everything he could to avoid using the word . "  Ordinarily , I do n't respond to newspaper allegations , but on this occasion , I feel I must make an exception , " he said . Clarkson said that in filming the section a couple of years ago , he was very keen to avoid using the offensive term in a version of the nursery rhyme and mumbled it on two takes before replacing it with the word "  teacher " on a third . "  When I viewed this footage several weeks later , I realized that in one of the versions , if I listened very carefully with the sound turned right up , that I had actually used the word I was trying to obscure , " he said . "  I was mortified by this , horrified . It 's a word I loathe , and I did everything in my power to make sure that that version did not appear in the program . " This included contacting the production office to ensure that another take was used in the show , he said . Clarkson initially denied the report by the Mirror , tweeting , "  I did not use the n word . Never use it . The Mirror has gone way too far this time . " But after the newspaper posted the footage in question online and amid calls from some quarters for his resignation , the presenter was forced to backtrack . He posted his video message less than 12 hours after his initial denial . A BBC statement said , "  Jeremy Clarkson has set out the background to this regrettable episode . We have made it absolutely clear to him , the standards the BBC expects on air and off . We have left him in no doubt about how seriously we view this . " "  Top Gear " airs in a number of countries worldwide , including the United States .	Jeremy Clarkson asks forgiveness for using the n-word on a shoot The "  Top Gear " host mumbled the word while reciting a nursery rhyme ; it was n't aired He says he did everything in his power to ensure that the footage was not used BBC : "  We have left him in no doubt about how seriously we view this "
Washington  CNN  -- Flight attendants in coming months will get the same expedited screening at airport checkpoints available to airline pilots , the Transportation Security Administration said Monday . In a move intended to reduce checkpoint congestion while improving security , flight attendants will be allowed to display credentials instead of undergoing physical screening . They will still be subject to random , unpredictable searches , however . TSA Administrator John Pistole said the change is in keeping with his philosophy of "  risk-based " security , because it speeds up screening of known "  low-risk " travelers , while allowing TSA screeners to focus on unknown travelers . Authorities investigate needles in sandwiches Flight attendant representatives have long argued that flight attendants deserve the same treatment as pilots because they undergo identical background checks and are entrusted with access to the cockpit . The Known Crewmember program is "  good news " for U.S. aviation , flight attendants and the traveling public , said Veda Shook , head of the Association of Flight Attendants . "  We are the last line of defense in security aboard the aircraft , " Shook said . In addition , the program will eliminate flight attendants ' "  uncomfortable " practice of jumping to the head of the security line so they can make their flights on time , she said . High-flying family shares travel secrets In May , the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security instructed the TSA to include flight attendants in the Known Crewmember program . Flight attendants -- there are 90,000 of them in the United States -- will be eligible if they work for U.S. airlines that participate in the program and are flying from U.S. airports . When flight attendants present their credentials to the TSA officers , the identifications will be checked against an up-to-date database of program participants . The TSA has been phasing in the program for pilots . To date , nearly 1.4 million pilots have been screened at checkpoints under the new system . How to deal with air turbulence The TSA expects it could take up to 12 months for airlines and their service providers to make the necessary system modifications and fully implement this change . Flight attendants could begin to experience expedited screening as early as this fall , and by year 's end it could be implemented at more than 30 airports .	Flight attendants are being added to the Known Crewmember program They will not have to undergo full screening like passengers do It could take 12 months to phase in the change , the Transportation Security Administration says
CNN  -- On Monday , as he remained hospitalized for injuries incurred during a massive manhunt and a pair of shootouts last week , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev heard from his hospital bed his Miranda rights being read , and then he heard read the federal charges now filed against him in connection with the Boston Marathon bombings . The 19-year-old faces charges of using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death , and of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death . What follows is a chronology produced by FBI special agent Daniel Genck , who is part of a Boston counterterrorism squad and who based his re-telling of events on crime scene photographs and video , as well information he gleaned from other officers as well as from his own involvement in the case . Read the complaint Genck said he is not divulging all of the details he has , just what is necessary to establish the following . As told via the criminal complaint : At 2:38 p.m. on Monday , April 15 , roughly 11 minutes prior to the first blast , Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev are caught on camera turning onto Boylston Street , the thoroughfare where the finish line is located . Tamerlan Tsarnaev is wearing a baseball cap , sunglasses , a white shirt , dark coat and tan pants . His little brother is wearing a gray hoodie , a black jacket and dark pants . He also has a white baseball cap , turned backward on his head . The pair walks east , toward the Boston Marathon finish line , Tamerlan Tsarnaev in front of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , wearing a knapsack on his back . 5 key questions The two are seen standing about a half-block from Forum restaurant , the site of the second explosion , at about 2:41 p.m. . A minute later , Tamerlan Tsarnaev begins walking toward the finish line again . He still has his knapsack . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev begins walking toward the finish line at about 2:45 p.m. . He has his right thumb hooked under his backpack strap and there 's a phone in his left hand . He stops in front of Forum . He 's near the metal barricades separating spectators from the marathon contestants , standing with his back to the cameras . "  He then can be seen apparently slipping his knapsack onto the ground . A photograph taken from the opposite side of the street shows the knapsack on the ground at  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's  feet . " Dzhokhar Tsarnaev stays at this location for about four minutes , looking at his cell phone and "  once appearing to take a picture with it . " About 30 seconds before the first blast , he lifts the phone to his head and speaks for about 18 seconds . He finishes the call , and the first explosion goes off within seconds . "  Virtually " everyone along Boylston turns toward the finish line , "  in apparent bewilderment and alarm , " but not Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . He appears calm . "  He glances to the east and then calmly but rapidly begins moving to the west , away from the direction of the finish line . He walks away without his knapsack , having left it on the ground where he had been standing . Aunt reveals clues to older Boston brother 's trip to Russia "  Approximately 10 seconds later , an explosion occurs in the location where  Dzhokhar Tsarnaev  had placed his knapsack . " Like Tamerlan Tsarnaev 's bag , the knapsack is placed along a metal barrier . It 's about a block from the first explosion . Subsequent investigation shows that both bombs used in the marathon attack were "  low-grade explosives that were housed in pressure cookers . " The pressure cookers contained nails and BBs , and the bombs had "  green-colored hobby fuse . " On Thursday , the FBI distributes photos and videos of the brothers , which are widely broadcast by media outlets . Just before midnight , a man is sitting in his car on a road in Cambridge when a man taps on the passenger-side window . The driver rolls down the window , and the man lets himself into the car , points a firearm and says , "  Did you hear about the Boston explosion ? ... I did that . " He then shows the driver that his gun is loaded . "  I am serious , " the man says before forcing the victim to drive to another location where they pick up a second man . The armed man takes the driver 's keys and sits in the driver 's seat , while the kidnapped man moves to the passenger seat . The second man enters the back seat , and he and the driver begin talking in a foreign language . They begin driving , and the man with the gun demands money . He is given $ 45 but wants more and demands an ATM card and password . They go to an ATM machine , where the men attempt to get money , before going to a gas station , where the captive man escapes . In runners ' tent and ER , a rush to save limbs and lives Police later locate the stolen vehicle in Watertown , a suburb west of the city , and give chase . As they attempt to elude law enforcement , the Tsarnaev brothers throw two small bombs out of the car . A gunfight ensues , and Tamerlan is severely injured and left at the scene , while his brother escapes . Police later find the car abandoned with an "  intact low-grade explosive device " inside . Federal agents recover two more bombs at the site of the shootout . The bombs resemble those used in the marathon bombings . One even utilizes the same brand of pressure cooker . On Friday evening , police learn that an individual is inside a covered boat in Watertown . After a shootout , police apprehend the man and search him . He has a university ID card , credit cards and other forms of IDs which say he is Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Due to wounds in his head , neck , legs and hand , he is transported to a hospital . On Sunday , police search Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dormitory room and recover a "  large pyrotechnic " as well as a black jacket and white hat similar to the one Dzhokhar is seen wearing just before the explosions at the marathon .	An FBI special agent re-creates the Boston Marathon bombing , ensuing manhunt last week Complaint says video shows Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev drop knapsacks near metal barriers When the first bomb goes off , most people react with "  bewilderment , " but not Dzhokhar Tsarnaev Police say they find clothes in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's dorm resembling those worn by the bomber
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Even before one reaches the front door of Canon 's headquarters in Tokyo , one can sense the virtual stampede of employees pouring out of the building exactly at 5:30 p.m. Japan 's birth rate of 1.34 is below the level needed to maintain the country 's population . In a country where 12-hour workdays are common , the electronics giant has taken to letting its employees leave early twice a week for a rather unusual reason : to encourage them to have more babies . Japan is in the midst of an unprecedented recession , so corporations are being asked to work toward fixing another major problem : the country 's low birthrate . Tell us what you think At 1.34 , the birthrate is well below the 2.0 needed to maintain Japan 's population , according to the country 's Ministry of Health , Labor and Welfare . Keidanren , Japan 's largest business group , with 1,300 major international corporations as members , has issued a plea to its members to let workers go home early to spend time with their families and help Japan with its pressing social problem . Watch more on this story One reason for the low birth rate is the 12-hour workday . But there are several other factors compounding the problem -- among them , the high cost of living , and social rigidity toward women and parenting . In addition , Japan 's population is aging at a faster pace than any other country in the world . Analysts say the world 's second-largest economy faces its greatest threat from its own social problems , rather than outside forces . And the country desperately needs to make some fixes to its current social and work structures , sociologists say . The 5:30 p.m. lights-out program is one simple step toward helping address the population problem . It also has an added benefit : Amid the global economic downturn the company can slash overtime across the board twice a week . "  It 's great that we can go home early and not feel ashamed , " said employee Miwa Iwasaki .	Japanese electronics maker Canon encourages workers to have more babies Japan 's birthrate of 1.34 is below 2.0 needed to maintain its population Country 's population is also aging faster than any other in the world
CNN  -- A Texas man killed four women -- including his girlfriend and a woman he was dating -- and wounded three teens and a boy in shootings at two Dallas-area homes , police said Thursday . The man was arrested at the second home after a child there called 911 , according to police . When the shootings were done Wednesday night , there were two slain women and two wounded minors at each location -- one in Dallas and the other in DeSoto , roughly 15 miles to the south . Authorities identified those killed as Zina Bowser , 47 , Neima Williams , 28 , Toya Smith , 43 , and Tasmia Allen , 17 . They said the suspect in the shootings is 44-year-old Erbie Bowser , who was dating Smith . Zina Bowser was Bowser 's estranged wife , they said . When asked about a possible motive , DeSoto police spokesman Nick Bristow said that authorities believe "  it just to be an isolated domestic issue . " The Dallas Mavericks said Bowser used to be a member of the NBA team 's Mavs ManiAACs , an all-male hip-hop dance troupe that entertains fans at games . He left the squad in 2009 , Mavericks spokesman Scott Tomlin said . Bowser was a special education teacher for Mesquite Independent School District east of Dallas from December 2001 through March 2010 , last teaching at Berry Middle School , district spokeswoman Laura Jobe said . He resigned and "  left us on good terms , " she said . CNN 's attempts to contacts Bowser 's relatives were n't immediately successful . Relative had bad feeling after call Authorities learned of the Dallas shootings at 10:30 p.m. , when relatives found the carnage there and called 911 , police said . Beforehand , one of the victims had talked to her mother on the phone . Something about the conversation concerned the mother , so after calling back and getting no response , she drove with some family members to the Dallas home , where they saw the four who had been shot , Dallas police Maj. Jeff Cotner said . Toya Smith and her 17-year-old daughter were dead inside the house . Injured were the woman 's 14-year-old son and a 17-year-old girl who was a family friend , Cotner said . The 14-year-old was in critical condition Thursday . Dallas police had reason to suspect the gunman might have a DeSoto connection , and called DeSoto police , Cotner said . Minutes later -- at 10:45 p.m. , while police were traveling to check the DeSoto home -- a child called 911 to report the shooting there , DeSoto police spokeswoman Melissa Franks said . The gunman had used "  some sort of explosive device , " and then shot at the people inside , Franks said . Zina Bowser and Neima Williams were killed there , and two boys -- ages 11 and 13 -- were injured , she said . Both were in critical condition Thursday . Police arrested the suspect there without incident , she said . Dallas and DeSoto investigators are working together on the case . The U.S. Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives is investigating the nature of the explosive device , Franks said . No explanation for Florida shooting rampage that leaves 7 dead CNN 's Paul Caron , Tina Burnside and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Police say man killed four women ; one was a girlfriend , another an estranged wife They identify the suspected gunman as 44-year-old Erbie Bowser The shootings happened at two Dallas-area homes Three teens and an 11-year-old boy were hurt in shootings
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced new U.S. sanctions targeting Iran 's oil Tuesday as well as banks in China and Iraq , warning that Tehran faces "  growing consequences " for refusing to answer international questions about its nuclear program . Obama said China 's Bank of Kunlun and the Elaf Islamic Bank in Iraq "  facilitated transactions worth millions of dollars " for Iranian banks already under sanctions . "  By cutting off these financial institutions from the United States , today 's action makes it clear that we will expose any financial institution , no matter where they are located , that allows the increasingly desperate Iranian regime to retain access to the international financial system , " Obama said in a statement issued by the White House . On a conference call with reporters Tuesday , Ben Rhodes , deputy national security adviser for strategic communications , said the purpose of additional sanctions was to "  affect Iran 's calculus " to get Tehran to negotiate seriously over its disputed nuclear program . The United States will continue to "  look for ways to increase the impact " of sanctions on Iran , Rhodes said . "  It 's only going to get worse for the Iranian government , " he said . Opinion : Romney on Iran is just like Obama The sanctions announced Tuesday come on the heels of a complete European Union embargo on the purchase of Iranian petroleum that took effect at the beginning of the month , and the imposition of U.S. sanctions that cut off the U.S. financial system from any entity that facilitates the purchase of Iranian oil through the Central Bank of Iran . The United States recently granted exceptions to those sanctions to all major importers of Iranian oil based on evidence that those countries had significantly reduced their purchase of Iranian petroleum . Countries granted exceptions must demonstrate every 180 days their continued reduction of such purchases in order to avoid U.S. sanctions . The International Energy Association has said that exports of Iranian oil have dropped from a rate of 2.5 million barrels a day in 2011 to below 1.5 million barrels a day in June . On the same call Tuesday , Robert Einhorn , special adviser for nonproliferation and arms control at the State Department , said the drop represented a decline of 40 % to 50 % , and approximately $ 9 billion per quarter in lost revenue for Iran . The value of Iran 's currency , the rial , has also dropped some 38 % in value since international sanctions began to take effect the Obama administration said . In Tuesday 's action , Obama issued an executive order against Iranian energy and petrochemical sectors in an effort to prevent the establishment of payment mechanisms that would allow the circumvention of existing sanctions . In addition to formal transactions of Iranian oil conducted through banks and other financial institutions , the new sanctions seek to punish purchases done through informal means or barter that have sought to go around existing sanctions targeting transactions through Iran 's Central Bank . The executive order also broadens U.S. sanctions on any person or entity engaged in the purchase or acquisition from Iran 's petrochemical industry , its second largest export industry behind oil . The petrochemical industry itself generates approximately $ 9 billion a year in foreign revenue for the Iranian government . The executive order also authorizes the Treasury Department to take actions that prevent Iran from getting access to U.S. dollars and precious metals , such as gold , in an effort to arrest the decline of its currency . "  These and other provisions send a clear signal to Iran that the Obama administration is determined to increase the pressure until Iranian leaders negotiate seriously " over their nuclear program with the United States and its international partners , Einhorn said on the call . In announcing the action against the two banks , the Treasury Department said the sanctions were part of a wider effort to expose and isolate Iranian financial institutions connected to Iran 's support for terrorism and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction . "  Imposing sanctions on Kunlun and Elaf underscores Treasury 's commitment to use all the tools at its disposal to intensify financial pressure against Iran while protecting the U.S. financial system from illicit activity , " Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence David S. Cohen said in a written statement . "  Any bank , anywhere , that seeks to provide a financial lifeline to Iran 's designated financial institutions should know that it will be held accountable and its activity will be exposed . " On the call with reporters , Cohen said the "  collateral benefit " of the sanctions is that Iran is finding it increasingly difficult to make payments in the international financial system , which in turn make it more difficult to procure materials for the nuclear program . The sanctions on Kunlun and Elaf would have a "  chilling effect " on the willingness of other international financial institutions from doing business with Iranian banks Cohen said . Peres : Iran in ` open war ' with Israel Tuesday 's actions from the administration come at the same time that negotiators in the House and Senate reached an agreement on even greater sanctions on Iran 's energy and financial sectors . It is possible both chambers could vote on the measures later this week before the August recess . Rhodes told reporters the administration is reviewing the text of the legislation , but was "  quite optimistic " the administration would "  continue to work in lock step with Congress " on sanctions with Iran . Moments after the adminsitration made its announcement , an influential member of Congress made clear there was still work ahead . "  This legislation and today 's executive action are important steps in the right direction , but not the final word on Iran sanctions , " Rep. Howard Berman , D-California , the ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee said in a written statement . "  Unless Iran agrees to end its weapons program , we must continue to pursue even tougher measures that would result in crippling sanctions on the Iranian regime . " In Tuesday 's statement , Obama said Washington "  remains committed to a diplomatic solution , but the onus is on Iran to abide by its international obligations . " "  If the Iranian government continues its defiance , there should be no doubt that the United States and our partners will continue to impose increasing consequences , " he said . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	U.S. still wants a diplomatic solution to the nuclear issue , Obama says New sanctions crack down on banks Washington says helped Iran evade sanctions Iran insists its nuclear work is strictly peaceful Obama says Iran faces "  growing consequences " for defying world concerns
CNN  -- Two snowmobilers died Wednesday in an avalanche on Logan Peak north of Salt Lake City , Utah , a sheriff 's department official said . Two people died after being trapped on Utah 's Logan Peak during an avalanche . Lt. Matt Bilodeau of the Cache County Sheriff 's Office told CNN that someone using a satellite phone called at 10:30 a.m.  12:30 p.m. ET  and told authorities about the incident . "  Two people were trapped , " he said . "  They have both been recovered . " The body of only one of them , a male , had been taken down the mountain , he said . Logan Peak 's summit is at an altitude of 9,710 feet . Though the area is not off limits to snowmobilers , they had been warned of the danger after a recent snowstorm . "  The media 's been putting that in the paper , on the radio and on TV , " Bilodeau said . "  We are still in extreme avalanche danger , " he said , and he urged snowmobilers to "  take into account they need to stay in probably the areas that have less of a slope to them . " CNN 's Scott Spoerry , who grew up in the area , said a recent avalanche knocked out the water supply for the city of Logan 's 47,000 residents . "  Every year , there 's a few avalanches , " he said . The area is also popular during the summer , when hang gliders launch themselves from the peak .	Sheriff 's Office says two people had been trapped in avalanche Call about avalanche came in at 12:30 p.m. ET Sheriff 's Office says people had been warned of danger after recent storm Body of one victim has been brought down from Logan Peak
CNN  -- As 2011 comes to an end , it is time to look back and reflect on another remarkable sporting year . From the highs of winning trophies and titles to the lows of losing some of sport 's much-loved figures , 2011 will be remembered with mixed emotions . With a new year on the horizon and the prospect of major sporting events like the London Olympics and football 's Euro 2012 finals looming large , CNN looks back at the year just ending and picks out a story from each of the 12 months . Do you agree with our choice ? Write in to let us know .	CNN takes a look back at the sporting year of 2011 It proved a year when sporting triumph and tragedy went hand in hand The new year could be a vintage one with the Olympics and Euro 2012
CNN  -- Italian voters may finally be losing their appetite for Silvio Berlusconi 's off-color "  jokes , " but if the rise of Beppe Grillo is any indication , there 's still more than enough room in Italian politics for another showman . Known as the "  clown prince " of Italian politics , Beppe Grillo is a 64-year-old comedian turned politician whose Five Star Movement  M5S  is winning the hearts , minds and votes of Italians fed up with mainstream parties . "  My vision was just to make jokes about politicians , " the comedian , whose real name is Giuseppe Piero Grillo , told CNN before the elections . "  Then I made this joke about how this politician was stealing -- and he actually was . " That joke about Socialist politician Bettino Craxi on Italian TV show Fantastico in the 1980s saw him effectively banned from television . He then took his energetic , polemical and provocative act to the theater . During one performance Grillo smashed a pile of computers on stage while lamenting modern society 's dependency on technology . Years later , technology would be the key to his success . Since then he 's found a new audience at huge public rallies rallies and on the internet : it 's been dubbed the "  Beppe boom . " Despite his searing attacks on the political class , Grillo does not blame former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi for Italy 's current problems . "  Berlusconi was a consequence , " he said . "  He was the ultimate salesman but one who publicized products with no substance , like a shop with a beautifully lit window but nothing concrete to sell . His political appearance is already history , ancient history even . " Italy 's octogenarian president , Giorgio Napolitano , had dismissed the surge in support for Grillo , saying the only boom he knows was the economic one in the mid-80s . But the comedian dismissed the criticism . "  He does n't understand there are millions of Italians out there who ca n't stand this any longer . "  You ca n't ask an Italian , an entrepreneur , a family to make sacrifices when the presidency costs about 240 million euros a year . Do you understand this ? Our president earns three times as much as  U.S. President Barack Obama  . An Italian ambassador earns 20,000 euros per month . Merkel earns 9,000 a month . You can not expect sacrifices right now , because we should all make sacrifices right now or no one will . " This kind of talk has touched a raw nerve with Italian voters , roughly a quarter of whom cast ballots for M5S in the lower house of parliament . This success reflects a growing trend in other parts of Europe where disillusionment is seeing a shift away from mainstream parties . "  We have a lot of trouble right now , and he 's a different way to do politics , to change things from the ground , " said Grillo supporter Martina Paladino . "  We do n't trust the parties any more , " added Laura Antimianni , a G5S candidate . "  They did n't do good things in the past and they 're not doing them in the present . " "  Italian politics are not changing . We have the same politicians as we did five years ago . It 's time to change -- I want to see new faces , " said Matteo Cavalca , a Grillo supporter . While there is little doubt Grillo can entertain a crowd , questions remain over whether he can destabilize mainstream Italian politics . His critics dismiss him as a loudmouth and say he simply does n't have the policies for the mainstream stage . But asked about his position on the euro , for instance , Grillo replied : "  I 'm not asking to leave the euro , but to sit around a table and ask it better to maintain the status quo thus taking Italy on this downward slope or is it better to ask what we 'd need to sacrifice in order to get out of the euro . Is it better with or without the euro ? " "  Ten out of 27 countries do n't have the euro . They do n't have a risk of defaulting . We have undersold our democracy by spreading it . Enough is enough . " What seems clear after the election is that Grillo 's movement will a force to be reckoned with in Italian politics for the foreseeable future . Grillo has called M5S "  an experiment of hyper-democracy . The one thing that I have understood is that we are going through an ethical change of culture , not politics . "  It is a cultural revolution of the society : to change the political class is the first step . The one thing I am certain of is that the political class is finished . They have liquefied in political diarrhea . There is nothing left ... nothing . "	Comedian turned politician Beppe Grillo 's Five Star Movement  M5S  is popular with Italians Grillo is commonly known as the clown prince of Italian politics His joke about a politician stealing turned out to be true and got him banned from television Grillo found new audience at rallies ahead of election , dubbed on web as "  Beppe boom "
Jerusalem  CNN  This much is certain : Ziyad Abu Ein , a senior Palestinian Authority official , died after a confrontation with Israeli troops . But a day after his death , the two sides continued to offer contrasting accounts of what killed him . Palestinians say that autopsy results show that Abu Ein died from a harsh blow to his diaphragm and lungs -- that excessive use of force , in conjunction with the inhalation of tear gas , were contributing factors . Palestinian Minister of Civil Affairs Hussein al-Sheikh told the Palestinian Ma'an News Agency on Thursday that doctors from Palestinian territories , Jordan and Israel participated in the autopsy . He said that while Israeli doctors admitted the results , they did not sign the medical report . On the other hand , a preliminary autopsy report issued by the Israeli government said Abu Ein 's death was caused by a blockage of the coronary artery because of hemorrhaging . Stress could have caused the bleeding , the report said , suggesting the poor condition of Abu Ein 's heart caused him to be more sensitive to stress . CNN spoke to Dr. Ahmed Bitawi , at the Ramallah medical complex , who ruled out "  99.99 % " that Abu Ein 's death was brought on by a heart attack . Bitawi , the director general of the hospital , said the cause of death was asphyxiation ; that Abu Ein choked to death on his own vomit brought on by gas inhalation . Clashes with soldiers Abu Ein died after clashes with Israeli soldiers midday Wednesday in the Palestinian village of Turmusaya , which is northeast of the West Bank city of Ramallah . He was a minister in the Fatah party and head of the Committee to Resist the Wall and Settlements , and he was participating in nonviolent demonstrations to mark international Human Rights Day , longtime chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat said in a statement . Pictures from various news agencies depict an Israeli soldier with his hands to Abu Ein 's neck , followed by another showing him on the ground . The official Palestinian news agency WAFA , meanwhile , reported that the Palestinian official lost consciousness after he inhaled tear gas and an Israeli soldier hit him in the chest . "  The Israeli soldiers called Abu Ein by name and seemed to be focused on him , " witness Kamal Abu Safaka told CNN . "  There was a lot of pushing , kicking and punching by the soldiers . ... When Abu Ein tried to intercede , they hit him on the chest with a rifle butt and grabbed him by the throat and pushed him back and then threw a large amount of tear gas and stun grenades . " Anger and mourning Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Israel will investigate the death . Declaring three days of mourning , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas slammed Abu Ein 's death as an "  intolerable barbaric act , " according to WAFA . "  What happened is a crime by all means , we can not sit idle and silent  after  this crime , " he said later on Palestinian television . "  For that , this leadership is meeting now to decide what it wants , and I say honestly all options are open for discussion and for implementation . ... We do n't have any other solutions . " On Thursday , thousands of Palestinian mourners marched in Abu Ein 's funeral procession as he was taken from the presidential compound to a cemetery .	An autopsy report released by Israel says Ziyad Abu Ein died from a blocked artery A Palestinian doctor says he choked on vomit brought on by tear gas inhalation A Palestinian official says Abu Ein was taking part in nonviolent protests Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vows to investigate
Travel + Leisure  -- Part outsize beach resort , part culture capital , Sydney , Australia , exemplifies the art of relaxed cosmopolitanism . It 's urbane but not pretentious ; cutting-edge but not stressed-out . Now a handful of players is channeling that Aussie energy into new restaurants , hotels , and boutiques in some oft-overlooked  and distinctly chic  neighborhoods . Here , the local take . Shop The city 's fashionable heart is the corner of Oxford Street and Glenmore Road , in Paddington , where some of the most exciting Australian designers are conveniently clustered . Kirrily Johnston exemplifies the laid-back Down Under aesthetic with her earthy-urban , feminine clothes  think billowy red skirts with high cinched waists  , as does Josh Goot , whose block-printed tube and tunic dresses come in colors as bright as the Sydney sun . Inside Kit Willow 's chic , bi-level boutique , Willow , you 'll find flirty draped frocks in organza and tulle . Just up the block in the ornate , shop-filled Strand Arcade is Corner Shop , a Sydney stalwart known for its tightly edited international collections  Marc Jacobs , Isabel Marant , and Benah  . Men should n't miss the downtown boutique of Brent Wilson , with its updated classics , including easygoing suits , shirts , and sweaters . For housewares , head to Surry Hills . Planet Commonwealth carries Ross Longmuir 's streamlined beds , tables , and sofas , all made from Australian hardwoods  do n't worry , they 'll help with shipping  . The lure at Koskela is Aboriginal craftwork , such as the one-off lampshades traditionally woven with bush string . Travel + Leisure : World 's strangest buildings Scene Though other areas are better known for barhopping , these days downtown is heating up after dark . The latest night-owl haven is Ivy  drinks for two $ 30  , a multilevel complex with 18 bars , a ballroom , and rooftop cabanas . Sydney 's coolest cultural commissar , actress Cate Blanchett , now directs the Sydney Theatre Company along with her husband , Andrew Upton . Snag some tickets to a production at either the STC headquarters  a spectacularly converted wharf by the bridge  or at the Sydney Opera House -- you may well catch Blanchett on stage . Post-show , grab a cocktail at the Opera House 's restaurant , Guillaume at Bennelong  drinks for two $ 34  , where the bar is surprisingly little-known and the harbor views are knockout . Eat Manly , a less touristy beachside hangout than Bondi , is a ferry ride from downtown 's Circular Quay , but it 's worth the  quite lovely  trip to sample the exciting new Manly Pavilion  dinner for two $ 85  , where the fresh Italian dishes  pan-fried whiting wrapped in lardo ; pappardelle with wild-boar ragù  are as stunning as the Pacific vistas . Back in city center , celebrity chef Neil Perry recently opened Rockpool Bar & Grill  dinner for two $ 226  in a grand Art Deco building . The kitchen specializes in wood-fired grills and house-aged beef -- plus , Perry 's sexy , restrained Spice Temple  dinner for two $ 226  is right downstairs . At Marque  dinner for two $ 226  , in nearby Surry Hills , Mark Best has been winning raves for creative concoctions like yellowfin tuna on French toast with foie gras butter . There 's a notable newcomer to the established culinary scene in the harborside Rocks district : Sake Restaurant & Bar  dinner for two $ 100  , where the young and well-heeled flock for superior sushi , sashimi , and bite-size shrimp tempura with a spicy cream sauce . Travel + Leisure : Most-complained-about airlines Stay Sydney 's latest design-driven digs , the 76-room Diamant Hotel  doubles from $ 140  is close to both Paddington and Surry Hills . Book a courtyard suite for night views of Sydney 's iconic skyline . Wedged between café-filled Potts Point and the city center , Blue Sydney  doubles from $ 214  has 100 rooms located on a historic all-timber finger wharf that juts out into the harbor . Run by the same team as Ivy , the discreet , Modernist 31-room Establishment Hotel  doubles from $ 279  is the city 's most exclusive boutique property -- the celebs you spot are likely en route to its bi-level penthouses . For the same downtown convenience without the extravagance , there 's the 41-story , Foster & Partners -- designed Frasers Suites  doubles from $ 155  , with 201 understated , light-filled studios and a heated pool . Sydney Airport A recent $ 500 million refurbishment of the international airport added a retinue of new shops , including the quintessentially Australian R.M. Williams , which makes superb leather boots for men and women , and the world 's first Lonely Planet store . Two locavore-friendly Sydney resto-bars , Bambini Wine Room  drinks for two $ 27  and Danks Street Depot  dinner for two $ 55  , have also established outposts in Terminal 1 . At the separate Qantas Domestic Terminal , check out the slick , Scandinavian-style  but all-Aussie  designer stationery and gifts chain , Kikki.K . Travel + Leisure : Best countries for solo travelers Planning a getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Best Hotels Copyright 2012 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	Sydney exemplifies the art of relaxed cosmopolitanism with its beach options and culture New restaurants and hotels are popping up in some oft-overlooked neighborhoods The city 's fashionable heart is the corner of Oxford Street and Glenmore Road
Washington  CNN  -- The District of Columbia 's same-sex marriage law will go into effect as scheduled this week , after the Supreme Court refused to stop its enforcement . Chief Justice John Roberts issued a three-page order Tuesday , a day before the law becomes official . He concluded the high court should defer to local matters in the federal district of Washington . And he said a separate ballot initiative to overturn the law would give voters a chance to weigh in on the question . A group of Washington residents had objected to the Religious Freedom and Civil Marriage Equality Amendment Act , which expands the definition of marriage to include same-sex couples . Those opponents had argued city residents should have been given a chance to vote on the high-profile issue before the city council passed the measure . They still seek to force a ballot initiative after the law takes effect . Local courts had turned down various lawsuits to block it . The district 's marriage bureau says same-sex couples can begin applying for marriage licenses Wednesday . However , by law , "  three full days must pass between the day of application to the day that the license can be issued , " the bureau , part of the district 's superior court system , says on its Web site , so no marriages would be held this week . A $ 35 application fee is waived for couples who are registered domestic partners , although a $ 10 fee for the license is not , the bureau said . District of Columbia Mayor Adrian Fenty signed a measure recognizing same-sex marriages as legal in December , after the city council overwhelming passed it . It then had to go through a review period during which Congress had an opportunity to intervene . The district joins Connecticut , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa in allowing same-sex couples to marry .	NEW : U.S. Supreme Court refuses to stop enforcement of same-sex marriage law NEW : Court should defer to local matters in the district , Chief Justice John Roberts says Same-sex couples in the District of Columbia will be able to apply for marriage licenses Mayor in December signed a measure recognizing same-sex marriages as legal
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Eight people were killed Monday after a suicide bomber rammed an explosives-laden vehicle into the home of a senior police official , Karachi police said . Six officers who were stationed as guards were killed in the attack , along with a mother and a girl as they were walking to the girl 's school , said Shoukat Ali , a senior Karachi police official . The house was badly damaged , but the intended target of the attack -- Chaudhry Aslam -- is safe , said Jamil Khan , a Karachi police official . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack . Ihsanullah Ihsan , a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban , told CNN by phone that Aslam was the target of the explosion . "  Aslam has killed and arrested lots of our mujahidin and will have to face the consequences , " Ihsan said . "  Mujahidin " refers to militants fighting against the Pakistani state and who are often affiliated with radical Islam . Ihsan said the explosion is also a message to officials who work against the Taliban and alongside the United States . "  All pro-U.S. security officials are ... our target , " Ihsan said . But Aslam said he was "  not afraid of this coward attack by Taliban , " appearing on national news channels and vowing to continue the fight against the militants . "  I have been receiving threats from the Taliban for a long time , " the police official said . "  I have been defeating Taliban  militants  by arresting them , and will continue until I have last drop of blood in my body . " Aslam added , "  I will give  the  Taliban a lesson which even their children will remember forever . " CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report	"  All pro-U.S. security officials are ... our target , " the Pakistani Taliban says The eight killed include six officers , a mother and a child Police : Chaudhry Aslam , a senior police official , was the intended target but is safe Aslam appears on national TV and vows to continue fighting the Taliban
CNN  -- Brazilian superstar Kaka celebrated his return from injury by scoring Real Madrid 's winner against 10-man Zaragoza on Saturday night , keeping the pressure on Spanish leaders Barcelona . Kaka ended a six-week absence as he came off the bench in the second half and slotted home his eighth goal this season with eight minutes to play to give Real a 2-1 away win that left the capital club a point behind defending champions Barca . The midfielder , who cost $ 100 million when he signed from AC Milan in June , fired in a low effort across goalkeeper Roberto after running into the box to collect a precise pass from fellow big-money acquisition Cristiano Ronaldo . Ronaldo was also involved when Real , knowing they had to win after Barcelona 's earlier 3-1 victory against bottom club Xerez , finally took the lead five minutes after halftime . The Portugal forward was quickest to react after Roberto could only first parry a low shot by Gonzalo Higuain and then block the former Manchester United star 's own attempt , and veteran forward Raul was in the right place to sidefoot home the resulting cutback pass . Raul , who came on for injured Dutch midfielder Rafael van Der Vaart in the first half , also hit the post in the 26th minute . Zaragoza , just two points above the relegation zone , were reduced to 10 men only a minute after Raul 's goal when Matteo Contini was sent off for aiming an elbow at Higuain -- the Argentine went down clutching his face even though the on-loan Italian defender 's limb appeared to strike his chest . Raul also left the pitch with an injury , to be replaced by French forward Karim Benzema . But the home side , promoted back to the top flight this season , shocked Real by equalizing in the 61st minute as on-loan striker Adrian Colunga broke free on the counterattack and rounded goalkeeper Iker Casillas to slot the ball into the empty net . Sergio Ramos headed against the Zaragoza woodwork from Guti 's free-kick as Real pressed for a winner , which came after the 75th-minute introduction of Kaka . Barcelona bounced back from the 3-1 midweek defeat against Inter Milan , which followed a long bus trip to northern Italy due to the volcanic ash cloud that closed Europe 's airspace . Coach Josep Guardiola rotated his squad ahead of Wednesday 's second leg of the Champions League semifinal , and Jeffren and Thierry Henry took advantage of their call-ups to put the Catalans 2-0 up inside 25 minutes . The 22-year-old winger Jeffren curled in a fine 14th-minute effort after linking with Xavi , while France forward Henry was set up by strike partner Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Xerez pulled one back just a minute later with a fierce shot from Mario Bermejo that caught Barca napping after a mistake by defender Dmitro Chygrynskiy , but Ibrahimovic restored the hosts ' two-goal cushion 11 minutes as halftime after Ivory Coast midfielder Yaya Toure laid on an easy chance . Xerez ended the match with nine men as Matias Alustiza and Fabian Orellana were red-carded for bad tackles in the final minutes , and are now six points from safety with four matches to play . It was Xavi 's 200th victory in 349 appearances in a Barcelona shirt , extending his club record . "  It was a dangerous game because however much you prepare tactically , your mind is on last Tuesday 's match and the one we will play on Wednesday against Inter , " Guardiola told reporters . "  Today we played thinking about Inter , and it was inevitable because it 's just so important for us . " Valencia consolidated third place with a 1-0 victory at home to Deportivo La Coruna in the late match , with striker David Villa scoring the only goal from the penalty spot in the 34th minute after defender Ze Castro handled the ball . Los Che moved seven points clear of fourth-placed Mallorca , who host Malaga on Monday . The only blot on the night was the late sending-off of substitute Rubens Baraja , who received two quickfire yellow cards . The first spell also ended on a bizarre note as the referee blew for halftime before the required 45 minutes were played , and then had to restart the match after protests from both sides .	Real Madrid remain one point behind Spanish leaders after beating Zaragoza 2-1 Kaka scores 82nd-minute winner as he comes off bench after six weeks on sidelines Barcelona earlier bounced back from midweek defeat to beat bottom club Xerez 3-1 Xerez have two men sent off in final minutes as Barca have eye on Champions League
EW.com  -- If there were one holiday that was tailor-made for sitting on the couch and indulging in a marathon of your favorite show , it would be Thanksgiving . So if you find yourself unable to help in the kitchen or simply not interested in the parade -- which starts at 9 a.m. on NBC and CBS -- and/or football viewing parties around you , we 've rounded up some of your other viewing options for the day . And we 're talking the entire day . It 's TV marathon time ! TV Recap : The best Thanksgiving episodes From morning until night -- assuming you do n't fall asleep post-turkey -- here 's what your television holds for you on Thanksgiving day  Note : Final time is when final episode begins ; all in ET  : "  Real Husbands of Hollywood "  BET , 8 a.m. to 3 : 30 p.m. "  The Car Chasers "  CNBC , 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. "  How I Met Your Mother "  FXX , 8 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. "  Swamp People "  History , 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. "  Flip or Flop "  HGTV , 8 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. "  Catfish : The TV Show "  MTV , 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. followed by Catfish , the movie at 10 p.m. "  Preachers of L.A. "  Oxygen , 7:30 a.m. to 2 : 30 p.m. "  Star Trek : The Next Generation "  BBC America , 8 a.m. into Friday "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians "  E! , 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. A viral video guide to a less awkward Thanksgiving dinner "  The Pioneer Woman "  Food Network , 9:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. "  The Three Stooges "  IFC , 7:30 a.m. to 5:05 p.m. "  Beverly Hills Pawn "  Reelz , 10 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. "  Cops "  Spike , 9 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. "  Friends "  TBS , 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. "  Castle "  TNT , 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. "  Modern Family "  USA , 9:30 a.m. to 1 a.m. Friday "  MythBusters "  SCI , Noon to 7 p.m. "  Adventure Time "  Cartoon Network , 2 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. "  Reba "  CMT , 3 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. "  The Profit "  CNBC 2 p.m. to 7 p.m. "  Property Brothers "  HGTV , 3 p.m. to 9 p.m. "  The Squeeze "  MSNBC , 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. "  The Andy Griffith Show "  TV Land , 1:12 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. "  Ridiculousness "  MTV , 3:18 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. "  America 's Funniest Home Videos "  WGN , 2 p.m. to 7 p.m. See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Thanksgiving is one holiday tailor-made for sitting on the couch There are parades , football games and show marathons all day Options range from "  Cops " to "  Keeping Up with the Kardashians "
CNN  -- The scandal embroiling the empire of media mogul Rupert Murdoch 's News International might extend from London to Washington , legal experts not personally involved in the unfolding matter said Monday . The potential liability flows from journalists at individual newspapers , such as the recently defunct News of the World , to its parent , News International , to its parent , News Corp. , which is a publicly held company in the United States . "  The allegation so far with this phone hacking scandal includes a component where someone within News Corp. 's organization perhaps made payments to London police officers to perhaps obtain information that would thus allow News of the World to write newspapers and sell newspapers , " said Mike Koehler , a professor of business law at Butler University in Indianapolis , Indiana . If true , that might violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act  FCPA  , which Koehler described as "  a U.S. law that generally prohibits the payment of money or anything of value to a foreign official for a business purpose . "  So , there does seem to be a basis for a U.S. investigation at this point . " If anyone at News Corp. participated in payments to police officers or authorized such payments or even knew about them and failed to stop them , the case could wind up in the lap of the U.S. Department of Justice . The potential implications for the Murdoch media empire are numerous and none of them are good , Koehler said . "  Many FCPA enforcement actions have what I call ' a point of entry ' -- a set of limited , discrete facts that give rise to the inquiry in the first place . But it 's also very common for the ` where else ? ' question to be asked on the theory that , if News Corp. employees within the organization were making these payments to London police officers , perhaps others in this organization -- all over the world , for that matter -- were making similar payments . " The decision to close the News of the World followed accusations that it illegally eavesdropped on the phone messages of murder and terrorist victims , politicians and celebrities , and claims it may have bribed police officers . Police said last week that they had identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone-hacking . "  There could be potential exposure , " concurred Don Zarin , author of "  Doing Business Under The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act " and a partner with the Washington-based law firm of Holland & Knight . The act stipulates that U.S.-listed companies , their employees or agents may not make bribes to foreign officials . A second portion of the law applies to accounting requirements for public companies . "  They have to keep books and records in reasonable detail that reflect the transactions , " Zarin said . So , if a bribe was made and not properly noted , the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the DOJ could each have a case , he said . A telephone call or an e-mail from an editor in London to his or her boss in New York could prove key , he said . "  If you send an e-mail to the boss saying , ` I 'm going to pay $ 10,000 to police officers for this information , ' that would provide the jurisdictional basis or potential liability on the part part of possibly the British employees . " If any employee of News Corp. , which is listed in the United States , knew about and authorized such a payment , "  they could have potential exposure , " he said . And if Rupert Murdoch -- the 80-year-old Australian-born head of News Corp. who became a U.S. citizen in 1985 -- knew what was going on and authorized it -- even implicitly -- "  he could have some potential exposure , " Zarin said . The penalties can be severe , including jail time and fines , he said . Ignorance confers no protection , he said . "  The SEC has brought cases against U.S. companies who had no knowledge of what foreign subsidiaries were doing , but had misbooked it , " he said , adding that the SEC blamed the companies for not having set up the internal controls that would have caught the illegal behavior . A DOJ spokeswoman said she could not comment on possible Justice Department involvement . If the charges wind up being nothing more than civil accounting violations , the SEC would handle the case and DOJ would not become involved , said James Tillen , coordinator of the FCPA Practice Group at Miller and Chevalier , a Washington-based law firm specializing in international regulatory issues , tax and litigation . That would still carry a major risk to those involved . "  The SEC has a lot of bite in significant fines , penalties , prohibiting people from serving as officers in public companies , " he told CNN in a telephone interview . "  That can derail a career quickly . " But a criminal prosecution by DOJ would be the most to fear , since it would carry the potential of jail time , he said . SEC fines can range up to $ 25 million per violation in such cases , but totals regularly exceed $ 100 million because the agency can force the company to disgorge ill-gotten gains . The DOJ can impose a criminal fine on individuals of up to $ 100,000 and five years in prison for each count on a bribery charge , he said . Multiple counts could lead to higher fines and sequential prison terms . But fines are typically pegged to how much a company or an individual gained as a result of the crime , he said . That can be easy to figure out when the subject is a contract , but any case involving Murdoch 's empire might present more of a challenge . "  How many more newspapers did you sell ? " he asked . Still , U.S. authorities may choose not to intervene at all . "  If the Department of Justice were satisfied that the U.K. had sufficient ability to prosecute this , then they may step aside , " Tillen said . "  If they were n't satisfied , then they could be very interested . " England passed an aggressive law , the U.K. Bribery Act , which became law on July 1 , but it is not retroactive , Tillen said . The predecessor legislation that would apply "  is a hodgepodge " of laws , some of which date back more than a century , he said . "  That 's part of the problem . " Still , as things now stand , the nearly 4,000 miles that separate Washington from London wo n't put off U.S. investigators . "  Of the 10 largest fines in FCPA history , eight have been against foreign companies , " Tillen said . But that may change . Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , has criticized the act as putting U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage and held hearings last month intended to water it down , Tillen said . "  The criticism is that it 's being overly enforced by SEC and DOJ to reach activities that it should n't reach , " such as taking officials out for free meals , he said . A spokeswoman for Sensenbrenner provided CNN with a statement Monday from the congressman . "  I plan to introduce a bill that would reform the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and bring it up-to-date with the changing world , " Sensenbrenner said in the statement . "  We need to bring clarity to what is and what is not illegal . My intent is to make sure that the stop signs and red lights are clearly visible for American companies doing commerce internationally . "  Right now , there is confusion regarding who qualifies as a foreign official . Foreign law enforcement officers are clearly foreign officials and it is absolutely absurd to imply that any changes to the FCPA would change that status or permit U.S. businesses to bribe policemen , " he added .	The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits bribing foreign officials A second portion of the law applies to accounting requirements "  There does seem to be a basis for a U.S. investigation , " says a business law professor
CNN  -- After the horrific shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , a parade of self-appointed experts tried to insinuate that people with autism are prone to inexplicable acts of violence because they lack the ability for empathy and social connection . This is because the shooter , Adam Lanza , had been diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome , a form of autism . These speculations are needless , untrue and hurtful . I was diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome when I was 9 years old . I had a lot of anxiety when I was in school , not because I have autism but because other kids would often bully and ridicule me . I was a smart kid , but I was very socially awkward . Thankfully , my parents were very supportive and helped me get through many dark days . I have Asperger 's ; I am just like you I got in trouble in elementary school for flapping my hands and twirling . I even got in trouble for sitting in my chair strangely . When the Columbine High School massacre occurred , my music teacher told the class to be nicer to me because , as she said , "  look what can happen when kids are bullied . " That really upset and embarrassed me . The comment made me feel as though I had more potential for violence , which is clearly false . In high school , I decided that I wanted to make contact with other kids who had been diagnosed with autism and were cast out by their own peer groups and looking for support . With my friend Dan Grover , we built WrongPlanet.net , a community for people who wanted to share their personal experiences with autism . We now have more than 70,000 registered members from around the world . After the shootings in Newtown , as I often do when a major news event occurs , I immediately went to my online community to see what other people were saying . One member asked , "  How long before the media paints the gunman as a quiet loner with Asperger Syndrome traits ? " As we now know , it did n't take too long . Groups : Autism not to blame for violence The same thing has happened before , like in the Colorado theater shooting , when Joe Scarborough irresponsibly speculated that the shooter , James Holmes , might have been "  on the autism scale . " He later clarified his comments , saying he did not mean to link autism with violent behavior . As the Newtown news unfolded , I noticed a huge traffic spike to our online community . When I checked the servers , I realized that people were finding the website by Googling search terms such as "  autistic killers , " "  asperger 's and criminal behavior " and "  aspergers shooter . " That gave me a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach . I only hoped that the searches indicated that people wanted to find out the truth : that autism is not connected with violent acts . Most people with autism who I know of are deeply sensitive and ethical ; we just have trouble reading social signals . Research has also shown that we are less likely to engage in criminal behavior . If anything , those with autism are more likely to be bullied or treated with scorn because we are a little different . Fortunately , not everyone has been listening to some of the so-called experts who are implying that autism has something to do with Lanza 's horrible act . A chorus of intelligent voices , including CNN 's Sanjay Gupta and Anderson Cooper , New York Times reporter Amy Harmon , author John Robison and Ari Ne'eman , the first openly autistic White House appointee , has done well to dispel the misconceptions . Troubling legacy of Sandy Hook may be backlash against kids with autism But the repetition of damaging stereotypes means more needs to be done to address the myths and stigma around autism , which puts people who are already at a high risk for bullying in even more danger . I was really touched when I saw the photo of Dylan Hockley , a 6-year-old boy with autism who died in the arms of his special-needs aide , Anne Marie Murphy , in Newtown . In the face of such terrible tragedy , we do n't need more senseless finger-pointing at an entire community of people . We need more than ever to find our common humanity . Remembering the victims The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Plank .	Alex Plank : After Newtown shooting , some people say autism is linked to violence Plank : These speculations are needless , untrue and hurtful He says people with autism are ethical but have trouble reading social signals Plank : We do n't need more senseless finger-pointing at an entire community
CNN  -- The Army Corps of Engineers ' failure to properly maintain a shipping channel linking New Orleans , Louisiana , to the Gulf of Mexico led to catastrophic flooding during Hurricane Katrina , a federal court ruled Wednesday . "  It is the court 's opinion that the negligence of the Corps , in this instance by failing to maintain the MRGO properly , was not policy , but insouciance , myopia and short-sightedness , " U.S. District Court Judge Stanwood Duval Jr. wrote in his lengthy ruling , referring to the Mississippi River-Gulf Outlet canal . "  For over 40 years , the Corps was aware that the Reach II levee protecting Chalmette and the Lower Ninth Ward was going to be compromised by the continued deterioration of the MRGO ... The Corps had an opportunity to take a myriad of actions to alleviate this deterioration or rehabilitate this deterioration and failed to do so . Clearly , the expression ` talk is cheap ' applies here . " Duval 's ruling was issued in a lawsuit brought by six plaintiffs affected by the 2005 hurricane , who claimed the Corps of Engineers was liable for damages . The judge ruled against one couple , who lived in New Orleans East , but awarded the others , from the Lower 9th Ward and St. Bernard Parish , damages ranging from $ 100,000 to $ 317,000 . "  The people of this city are vindicated , " said Joe Bruno , one of the plaintiffs ' attorneys . "  They did n't do anything wrong . It 's now time for them to be compensated . " The ruling applies not only to the six plaintiffs , attorney Pierce O'Donnell said , but to 100,000 homes and businesses in the parish and the Lower 9th Ward . Under the precedent set by Duval 's decision , they too will be entitled to compensation . "  The judge 's ruling today validates the feelings and beliefs that many citizens have held for four years , " said New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin in a statement . "  Although the ruling is liberating for thousands impacted by the devastation and tragedy of Hurricane Katrina , it is my hope that justice will prevail to help families make their lives whole again . " Once a Category 5 storm , Katrina had weakened to a Category 3 storm with 127 mph winds when it made landfall on the morning of August 29 , 2005 , between Grand Isle , Louisiana , and the mouth of Mississippi River . A few hours later , the storm again crossed over land on the other side of the river , its winds only slightly diminished . More than 1,800 people died in the storm , most -- nearly 1,600 -- in Louisiana , where Katrina devastated New Orleans when the city 's levee system failed and widespread flooding occurred . Overall , the storm damage covered more than 90,000 square miles and displaced nearly 300,000 people , causing more than $ 81 billion in damage . FEMA called Katrina "  the single most catastrophic natural disaster in U.S. history . " While courts have declared the Corps was liable for Katrina flooding , judges until now have issued it a "  get out of jail free " card , the plaintiffs ' attorneys said . "  It has been proven in a court of law that the drowning of New Orleans was not a natural disaster , but a preventable man-made travesty , " the attorneys said in a statement . "  The government has always had a moral obligation to rebuild New Orleans . This decision makes that obligation a matter of legal responsibility . " Duval ruled that because the Corps failed to maintain the shipping channel , erosion widened it , and its banks -- which helped protect the levees -- deteriorated , leaving the levees unprotected , undermined and more vulnerable to waves coming off Lake Borgne . The Corps also failed to take other actions , such as armoring the banks with rocks , the attorneys said . "  This court can not but comment that the Corps ' approach reminds the court of the old adage , ` Close your eyes and you become invisible , ' " said the ruling . "  It is beyond arbitrary and capricious -- it flies in the face of the purpose of NEPA -LSB- the National Environmental Policy Act -RSB- and ignores the very heart of what ` operation ' means , " Duval wrote . The plaintiffs claimed the Corps was not entitled to immunity because its activities regarding the shipping channel "  were in direct contravention of professional engineering and safety standards , " Duval wrote . " ... Ignoring safety and poor engineering are not policy , and clearly the Corps engaged in such activities . " "  This is not the Corps that built the Panama Canal , " said Joe Bruno , another plaintiffs ' attorney . "  This is a different Corps . This is a Corps that 's reckless . " The attorneys said they plan to go to Washington after Thanksgiving to meet with the Justice Department . Although the Corps was given immunity from liability in areas like Central New Orleans and New Orleans East , they said they would like to start a settlement process for all citizens . "  We want to leave no residents behind , " O'Donnell said . "  We 'd like to have a regional settlement . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Corps did n't properly maintain Mississippi River Gulf Outlet , court rules Ruling issued in lawsuit brought by six plaintiffs affected by the 2005 hurricane Precedent will apply to 100,000 homes and businesses , plaintiffs ' lawyer says
CNN  -- Health officials say the H1N1 virus , commonly known as the swine flu , is likely to cause more illnesses and deaths in the United States , even though much of the initial anxiety has eased . A researcher investigates swine flu at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta , Georgia . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported higher levels of flu activity than the average for mid-May and an unusual number of outbreaks in schools . Some clinics reported high numbers of respiratory diseases more commonly seen during the peak of flu season . "  We do think that the way the virus is spreading in the U.S. , we are not out of the woods , and the disease is continuing , " said Dr. Anne Schuchat , interim deputy director for science and public health program at the CDC in a news conference this week . In the United States , six deaths have been linked to the swine flu , although it 's unclear whether these were caused by the virus or pre-existing conditions . Nationwide , at least 5,123 cases of H1N1 flu have been reported , although the actual number of people affected may be higher . New data released by the CDC Tuesday showed that the majority of the 30 patients who were hospitalized with H1N1 in California had other medical conditions , such as chronic heart and lung disease , suppressed immune system , diabetes , and obesity . None of the patients died . They had fevers , coughs , vomiting and shortness of breath , according to the CDC report that examined the patients . Six of them were admitted to the intensive care unit and four required mechanical ventilation . See an explanation of H1N1 flu " Five of them were pregnant -- two of the fetuses did not survive . Earlier this month , Judy Dominguez Trunnell became the first U.S. resident to die from complications of the H1N1 flu . Her daughter was delivered via emergency Caesarean section . Dominguez Trunnell felt body aches and numbing in the left side of her face and went to the hospital , her husband , Steven Trunnell , told CNN 's Larry King . Watch the interview . " Trunnell has filed a wrongful death claim against Smithfield Foods , a pork and meat producer , alleging that the company 's actions may have contributed to the virus ' creation . "  She was a healthy , pregnant woman who was eight months pregnant until she contracted the virus , " he said . "  She became acutely ill , but she was never diagnosed with any major medical complications of any kind . " Health officials have said repeatedly since the outbreak 's beginning that the virus can not be contracted from eating pork . Pregnancy increases the risk of certain medical problems and creating complications from the flu , Schuchat said . "  There is some immunosuppression that occurs during pregnancy , " she said . "  There maybe also a role of the mechanical effect of pregnancy in decreasing the lung capacity that maybe you 're not easily able to handle lung infection or respiratory problems . " Early steps toward an H1N1 vaccine are being taken . The process could take between five and six months from the time the virus appeared to when the vaccine would be available to the public , officials have said . Tom Skinner , a CDC spokesman , said the agency has sent H1N1 strains to roughly seven labs around the world to use in the first steps of vaccine development . The CDC expects to get the viruses back from the institutions by the end of the month and "  if we do go in the direction of producing a vaccine , we could see the production of pilot lots , and clinical trials , beginning as soon as late June . " Though the initial surveillance of the California cases indicates that most healthy patients recovered and were discharged after short hospital stays , those with other medical conditions had greater complications . "  Our best estimate right now is that the fatality -LSB- with the H1N1 -RSB- is likely a little bit higher than seasonal influenza , but not necessarily substantially higher , " Schuchat said . The seasonal flu kills 36,000 people every year . While people of all ages get the seasonal flu , its complications more severely affect older people or those with weakened immune systems . About 95 percent of people who die from the seasonal flu are 65 years old and above , according to the World Health Organization . Many of the confirmed and probable cases for the H1N1 virus have been younger people between the ages of 5 and 24 . "  The hospitalizations that we 're tracking have this disproportionate occurrence among younger persons , " Schuchat said . "  That 's very unusual to have so many people under 20 requiring hospitalization and in some of those intensive care units . " While there have been no deaths in that age group in the United States , Schuchat said : "  We would not be surprised to see serious hospitalizations and deaths occurring in people in this age group and I think we need to be prepared for that . " "  It 's important to dispel the idea that we 're out of the woods , or that this was a problem that really did n't merit response , " she said . "  Influenza is unpredictable , and we really need to stay attuned to that , to be prepared for surprises in the days and weeks ahead . " And the flu viruses can mutate . Dr. Dan Jernigan , deputy director for the CDC 's influenza division said last week , "  We 're not seeing significant evidence of any mutation towards more virulence in the U.S. " H1N1 flu activity has been confirmed in 22 states and appears to be most active in the Southwest . In April , concerns about the H1N1 virus prompted travel warnings , airport checks and school closures . The outbreak has sickened 9,830 people worldwide and caused at least 79 deaths -- mostly in Mexico , according to the WHO . Last month , U.S. officials discouraged all nonessential travel to Mexico after the flu strain killed dozens of people there . On Friday , the CDC downgraded its warning and advised people with medical complications , advanced age or pregnancy to check with a doctor before going on a trip to Mexico . CNN medical senior producers Saundra Young and Shahreen Abedin contributed to this report .	CDC reported higher levels of flu activity than the average for mid-May Health officials warn disease is likely to continue and contribute to more deaths Initial data shows hospitalized patients had underlying medical conditions
London , England  CNN  -- A 15-year-old schoolboy is planning to make history as the youngest person to ski to the North Pole . Parker Liautaud , who attends the prestigious Eton College in southern England , will begin his two-week odyssey on March 31 . Led by experienced adventurer Doug Stoup , Parker hopes to raise awareness among young people about environment issues . "  The idea is to inspire , inform and engage young people on the issue of climate change and bring to light what 's been happening in the arctic region in particular , " Liautaud , who was born in California , told CNN . "  The best way to do this is to show what is happening right now through direct and live coverage . " "  The Arctic ocean is in a state of emergency , " Stoup said on his Web site , www.iceaxe.tv . "  Scientists are reporting this Arctic Season to be been one of the warmest in recorded history . "  As a veteran polar adventurer , I have seen huge differences in the state of the Arctic Ocean over the last decade . I have witnessed less multi-year ice . " Parker 's expedition will include a large social media component , with Parker rallying young people around the world to become catalysts for change . Twice a day , he will update his location on Facebook via Google Earth . This will show the progress being made , as well as possible ice shifts that occur throughout the day . Parker 's Facebook followers can join the expedition by following his progress and approximating when he will arrive at the summit .	Parker Liautaud hopes to become the youngest person to ski to the North Pole Liautaud hopes to raise awareness about environment among young people The 15-year old will be led by experienced adventurer and environmentalist Doug Stoup
CNN Student News  -- September 6 , 2013 On Friday 's show , CNN Student News explains what the G-20 summit is and what kind of drama could be looming on the sidelines . We 'll also update our audience on the battle for the bones of a king who died in battle , and we 'll introduce a CNN Hero whose vision is helping other people see . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : How might news organizations from various countries cover the G-20 meeting of world leaders differently ? Weekly Newsquiz : The following questions relate to events that were covered this week on CNN Student News . Write your answers in the space provided . 1 . What country hosted this week 's G-20 annual meeting of world leaders ? 2 . What cell phone company is Microsoft buying for more than $ 7 billion ? 3 . Which of these is a member of the order Cetacea : dolphins , hedgehogs , or shrimp ? 4 . On what massive island did scientists recently discover a canyon that is longer than the Grand Canyon ? 5 . Who is the current speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives ? 6 . What is measured in millisieverts ? 7 . Who set a world record for an uncaged swim from Havana , Cuba to Key West , Florida ? 8 . Who is the current U.S. Senate majority leader ? 9 . What is the Jewish new year called ? 10 . Two cities are fighting for the skeletal remains of which English king ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Europe St. Petersburg , Russia Leicester , England ; York , England FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum 's Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- President Obama , Vice President Joe Biden and other top Democrats are heading back to school Tuesday , in hopes of convincing first-time voters from the 2008 election to vote again in 2010 . The president is scheduled to headline a Democratic party rally at the University of Wisconsin in Madison while the vice president is the main attraction at a similar event at Pennsylvania State University in State College , Pennsylvania . The idea is to fire up "  surge " voters and motivate them to go to the polls again in this November 's midterm elections . According to national exit polls from 2008 , 11 percent of people who cast ballots in the presidential contest said they were first time voters , and seven out of 10 of those new voters said they backed Obama in the election . Many of those people were young voters , and exit polls indicated that two-thirds of people age 18-29 voted for Obama . In advance to Tuesday 's rallies , the president held a conference call with college and university journalists . "  You ca n't sit it out . You ca n't suddenly just check in once every 10 years or so , on an exciting presidential election , and then not pay attention during big mid-term elections where we 've got a real big choice between Democrats and Republicans , " Obama said . There 's no mistake in the locations for the Obama and Biden rallies . In Wisconsin and Pennsylvania , the Democrats face tough odds in holding onto open Senate seats and governorships . Polls also indicate that Republicans have a good chance of grabbing back a bunch of House seats . Also on the road Tuesday : Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine , at a rally at the University of Delaware in Newark , Delaware ; Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius at the University of Maryland in College Park , Maryland ; Labor Secretary Hilda Solis at California State University in Los Angeles ; and United States Trade Representative Ron Kirk at North Carolina Central University in Durham , North Carolina . Obama 's speech at the University of Wisconsin is the first in what Democratic Party officials say will be a series of "  Moving America Forward " events by the president over the next couple of weeks .	Obama will headline a rally in Madison , Wisconsin 11 percent of those who cast ballots in 2008 were first-timers Democrats face tough odds in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania
CNN  -- Formula One 's new rule banning driver coaching on team radios is now in place , but it was a message going in the other direction that summed up the fine line between success and failure for this season 's title contenders . "  Dammit ! " uttered a frustrated Nico Rosberg after being gazumped by Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton at the end of qualifying for Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix . The German was pipped by just seven-thousandths of a second under lights at the Marina Bay street circuit on Saturday , giving his British rival the chance to further chip into his 22-point lead . Hamilton won the last race at Monza after starting on pole , battling back to beat Rosberg after losing his early advantage , and a seventh victory this season would give him the momentum as the campaign moves towards its climax . "  Seven-thousandths ! When I think back at the lap , it 's nothing , " Rosberg , seeking his first world title , told reporters when asked to explain his radio outburst . "  But that 's the way it is . Lewis did a good job to get pole . Second is okay , first would be better , but there 's a long race ahead so it 's fine . " Hamilton has not won in Singapore since the year after his sole world title success in 2008 . "  To have the last lap at the end like that is always the plan , although it does n't always go to plan like it did , " said the Englishman , who like Rosberg had moved past late pacesetter Daniel Ricciardo at the end of the third and final session . "  On the last lap I locked up in turn one , lost some time , although I made it back in other areas , I kept going . It was an exciting qualifying session . I was n't expecting to see so many people up there fighting . " Ricciardo was 0.73 seconds behind Rosberg and 0.48 s ahead of fourth-placed Red Bull teammate Sebastian Vettel -- who has won the Singapore race for the past three years . "  We came into the weekend thinking if we were within two to three-tenths of a second that would give us a chance to stay with them , " said Australian Ricciardo , who is the only other driver outside the Mercedes duo to have won a race this year . "  So to end up being closer than we thought , it 's been a good day . It was good fun . Hopefully I can keep it up tomorrow and get a better view from the podium . " Four-time world champion Vettel was 0.005 s ahead of Fernando Alonso , who was 0.093 s in front of his former Ferrari teammate Felipe Massa , now at Williams . Alonso 's current teammate Kimi Raikkonen was back in seventh . The Finn was fastest in Q1 but was unable to set a final lap in Q3 due to a power problem . Massa 's teammate Valtteri Bottas was eighth ahead of rookies Kevin Magnussen of McLaren and Daniil Kvyat of Toro Rosso . Magnussen 's teammate Jenson Button failed to make Q3 , and the 2009 world champion -- twice a runner-up in Singapore -- will start in 11th place . Button had said Friday that he hoped the rule banning radio coaching would give experienced drivers an advantage . "  It is probably not such good news for Mercedes , who coach their drivers , but I have never been coached around a lap anyway -- where to go quick and where to go slow , " said the 34-year-old . "  Now we are masters of our own fate . " Both Hamilton and Rosberg have ignored team instructions this season as they have fought a bitter battle for the title , but these arguments have related more to race strategy as opposed to specific coaching of how to negotiate circuits . "  When the driver is on the track he should be driving the car himself , " Formula One race director Charlie Whiting told reporters Friday . "  Whether he receives coaching outside an event , he 's perfectly at liberty to do that of course . But once he 's out on that track , he should be doing it himself . That 's the reason for the rule and that 's the reason why we believe we have to enforce it . "  If a team informs a driver to change his brake balance , that 's absolutely fine , provided it 's not for a specific part of the circuit . So , in other words , one click forward for Turn 5 and two clicks backward for Turn 10 , those are the sort of things we consider to be driver coaching , assisting the driver . "  A global change to the brake balance , or any other similar parameter on the car , would be for overall performance , which is fine . " Interactive : Take a tour of Marina Bay circuit	Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for Sunday 's Singapore Grand Prix Mercedes driver will start first on grid for second successive race Englishman heads off championship leader Nico Rosberg with final lap Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel will be on second row
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A zoo in China has angered visitors by trying to pass off a hairy dog as a lion , Chinese state media reported . A visitor , surnamed Liu , told the state-run Beijing Youth Daily she discovered the fraud when visiting a zoo in a park in Louhe , a city in the central province of Henan , with her son . As they approached the cage marked "  African lion , " they were shocked to hear the beast inside emit a bark . It was a Tibetan mastiff -- a large , hairy breed of dog . "  The zoo is absolutely trying to cheat us , " Liu said . "  They are trying to disguise dogs as lions . " Other species in the park were similarly mislabeled , the newspaper reported , with another dog in the wolf cage , and a white fox on display in the leopard enclosure . The head of the park 's animal department , Liu Suya , told CNN that the animals had been substituted for various reasons , and would be back in their rightful place soon . The lion and leopard had both been removed for breeding , she said , with the Tibetan mastiff placed in the lion 's cage temporarily "  due to safety concerns . " Similarly , the dog had been placed in the wolf enclosure to breed a hybrid wolf-dog , she said . "  We 're not doing it out of shortage of funds , " she said . The substitute lion has drawn ridicule on Chinese social media , with one commenter describing the situation as "  absurd . " "  If this works why would people even bother to go to the zoo ! " wrote Guohebaxiaoma . "  Children will cry out ` look a lion came out ! ' at the sight of Tibetan Mastiff or ` look it 's a rat ! ' seeing snake on the street ... This is totally absurd ! " Yidongdexulaoshi said : "  This time you 're lucky . Because perhaps next time you will find that all the animals in the zoo are played by the faculty . LOL . " "  It 's way too ironic . Why does n't the zoo simply just put the zookeeper in a cage with the sign "  Gorilla " on its gate , " Lanseyapingningliuxunqing added . READ MORE : Chinese craze for dyeing pets to look like wild animals CNN 's Dayu Zhang contributed to this report	Hairy dog displayed as "  African lion " in Chinese zoo , state media reports The cage at a zoo in Louhe , Henan Province , contained a Tibetan mastiff Zoo staff said the dog was placed in the enclosure for "  security concerns " The zoo also had a dog on display in a wolf enclosure , and a fox presented as a leopard
CNN  -- The Los Angeles Regional Food Bank needed a way to tell the world about its work . Shawn Ahmed wanted to continue the video storytelling he 'd begun on behalf of the poor in Bangladesh . YouTube wanted to bring them together . The result , YouTube 's Video Volunteers page , pairs deserving but underfunded charities with creative video producers willing to help them . The page has brought hundreds of sometimes-offbeat fundraising and promotional videos to the same site that launched such Web celebrities as singer Susan Boyle and the "  Leave Britney Alone " guy . "  There are all these really big , sexy parts of YouTube , but we need people to know about this -LSB- project -RSB- because it actually matters , " said YouTube spokesman Aaron Zamost , invoking pop star Justin Timberlake . "  The nonprofits are n't that sexy -- but we 're trying to bring sexy back a little bit to the nonprofits . " The Video Volunteers page lets nonprofits post descriptions of projects for which they need videos produced . Video artists , in turn , can scroll the offerings and pick a cause they 'd like to help . Since October , the site has featured a particular issue each month . February 's issue is health . The best videos get featured on YouTube 's main page , giving massive exposure to both the charity and the video artist . "  We would love to think users just do it out of the kindness of their own hearts , " said Ramya Raghavan , the nonprofits and activism manager at YouTube , who said she thinks that 's usually the case . "  But I think the incentive piece does help a lot . " On average , about 75 new volunteer videos appear on the page each month . During "  animal welfare month " in October , 120 new videos were created , Raghavan said . Last year , Ahmed , who had already visited Bangladesh to video blog and raise funds for poverty relief there through his personal project , Uncultured , was looking for a way to address the issue closer to home . He found out about the Los Angeles , California , food bank through YouTube and the charity 's parent organization , Feeding America . "  It was just really serendipity , " said Ahmed , who lives in Toronto , Canada . "  I wanted to do something charitable at home and YouTube had made a relationship with Feeding America . This actually made things really , really easy for me . " The food bank is one of the nation 's largest and distributes about 1 million pounds of food a week . Its staffers were thrilled at the prospect . Spokeswoman Julie Flynn said the staff recognized the value of an online video presence , but never had the time or money to seriously pursue it . "  We 're just trying to maintain our own Web site , " she said . "  It was really nice to have someone volunteer , and a cool way for -LSB- Ahmed -RSB- to get involved . It was a perfect blend of his passion , his skills and our need . " The resulting video shows Ahmed touring the bank 's distribution center on a forklift , interviewing clients and , ultimately , showing the 10,000 pounds of food he was able to provide with a $ 2,000 donation he 'd raised online . It appeared on YouTube 's main page on Thanksgiving Day , and had gotten more than 400,000 page views as of this week . The key to success on YouTube , Ahmed said , is realizing that the site 's viewers are different than a television audience and that traditional public-service announcements are n't going to cut it . "  When people watch videos on YouTube , they do n't approach it the same way as when they watch CNN or ` Heroes , ' " he said . "  It 's very personal interaction for them . I just wanted to take a personal approach ... I thought if I do it this way , people would get more involved . " Many of the clips are quirky , unconventional and self-referencing -- taking their cues from some of the most viral videos on the site . One video titled "  The World Sucks : Make It Suck Less " promotes the launch of Video Volunteers while name-dropping some of the most viral Web videos ever . "  How about we put a squirrel on water skis and we tie a banner to its neck with all the stuff that you want to say about charity ? " says a guy having a video chat about the page . "  Or , we take a 7-year-old kid to the dentist , we get him all hopped up on pain medications and then we have him talk about charity . " In the end , Raghavan said , the project is about giving charities -- which often struggle to make ends meet in tough economic times -- a chance to make their case to the masses . "  If you 're a pet shelter in Kansas , you do n't have the money , you do n't have the staff and , frankly , you do n't have Bono , " she said , referring to the U2 singer 's worldwide One campaign . "  It 's very hard to get your message out . "	YouTube 's Video Volunteers page aims to "  bring sexy back " to charitable fundraising Page pairs nonprofits with video producers to create video clips for deserving charities Project averages 75 videos a month ; the best are featured on YouTube 's main page Video creator says online offerings need to be offbeat , personal , interactive
CNN  -- A 37-year-old man arrested Wednesday in Washington state as part of an investigation of ricin-laced letters threatened in one such letter to injure and kill a federal judge , a grand jury indictment alleges . FBI agents arrested Matthew Ryan Buquet on Wednesday afternoon , and he made his initial court appearance in Spokane later in the day , the federal agency 's Washington state office said in a news release . Buquet remained in custody after the appearance , and he 'll stay behind bars at least until a bail hearing takes place next Tuesday afternoon , FBI spokeswoman Ayn Dietrich said . A grand jury charged Buquet with mailing threatening communication , claiming he "  knowingly and willfully " mailed through the U.S. Postal Service a letter "  containing a threat to injure and kill Judge  Fred  Van Sickle , " according to the indictment . Van Sickle is a senior judge in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Washington . In a subsequent news release , the FBI said tests -- conducted by that agency and the Spokane Regional Health District -- showed that a suspicious substance found with the letter was "  active ricin toxin . " "  Our coordinated team acted swiftly to resolve a potentially dangerous situation , and continues working tirelessly around the clock to investigate the origin of the letters and to address any remaining , potential risks , " said Laura Laughlin , the FBI 's special-agent-in-charge at the bureau 's Seattle office . The U.S. Postal Inspection Service has been trying to find the source of the two letters containing ricin since they were intercepted in a screening procedure at a postal facility in Spokane , the FBI said last week . The American Postal Workers Union earlier did say a ricin-laced letter was sent to a judge in Spokane , the northeastern Washington city in which Van Sickle works . Another letter reportedly containing the toxin was directed to the Spokane Post Office , the union said . Both letters were postmarked May 14 . Postal Service management told employees they were n't at risk from handling the letters because the suspected substance was not in a form that could be inhaled or readily ingested , the union said . That said , preliminary lab tests did indicate it was indeed ricin . If inhaled , injected or ingested , less than a pinpoint of ricin can kill a person within 36 to 48 hours because of the failure of the respiratory and circulatory systems . There is no known antidote for the toxin , which is derived from castor beans . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	NEW : Matthew Buquet will stay in custody until at least next Tuesday , FBI says The 37-year-old threatened to "  injure and kill " a federal judge , an indictment alleges Tests showed ricin was found with the threatening letter , the FBI says He was arrested Wednesday afternoon in Washington state
CNN  -- Inmates at a prison in Cuba have made a set of hidden-camera videos to expose the conditions there , publicizing the filth and decrepitude of the facilities despite the risk of retribution . "  The conditions here at Combinado del Este are subhuman , and the food is unfit for human consumption , " says inmate Douglas Moore , who says he is an American convicted of a drug offense . Because he is an American , he says in the video , "  I am singled out for abuse . I can not count all the times that I have been chained by my hands and legs and beaten mercilessly , then robbed of my meager possessions by the guardia frontera here at Combinado del Este . " He pulls up his pants to show bruises on his leg , and is seen walking with a cane . He points out his cracked and broken sink , and then shows how his toilet is too broken to sit on , so if he wants to use it he has to place a chair frame over it . The videos -- obtained by CNN through a dissident journalist -- show derelict cell blocks overlooking a seedy exercise yard . The grime on the walls is so thick that when an inmate wipes it with a napkin , the paper becomes blackened with filth . Some of the toilets shown are barely more than a hole in the floor . Prisoners , including the narrator , complain in Spanish of dubious food , meager rations , dilapidated cells , moldy walls , overcrowding , and limited exercise hours . They say sewage leaks are persistent . Combinado del Este is a Cuban maximum security prison about 10 miles southeast of Havana . It is believed to hold both ordinary prisoners , like violent criminals and drug runners , as well as political prisoners jailed for criticizing the ruling Castro brothers . Representatives of the Cuban government in Havana , Washington , and New York did not respond to requests from CNN for comment . The International Committee of the Red Cross said it is unable to investigate conditions at Combinado del Este . "  Unlike in many other countries in the region , " said spokesman Steven Anderson , "  the ICRC does not have access to prisons in Cuba . " But photos from a media tour of the prison in 2004 depicted a far rosier picture , with inmates being taught computer skills and exercising on a lawn . CNN can not verify the authenticity of the videos , obtained through Dania Virgen Garcia , a dissident journalist in Cuba whose blog is called Cuba por Dentro . Two of the 10 videos are posted on a YouTube channel associated with Cuban dissidents . Her blog address is shown on the videos . Garcia said the footage was shot in January using a camera smuggled into the prison . The prisoners who made the tapes may be in danger of retribution , according to Frank Calzon , a Castro critic who is executive director of the Center for a Free Cuba . But this month 's visit to Cuba by the pope may shield them from retribution , at least in the short term , he said . And in the long term , he added , the prisoners may believe it is worth the risk to make the videos and publicize their conditions . "  The only hope a prisoner has , " he said , "  is for the outside world to know about their plight . Getting attention is a way of forcing the government not to mistreat you . " CNN 's Javier de Diego and Patrick Oppmann contributed to this report	The videos are said to show conditions at Combinado del Este prison An American prisoner says he is "  singled out for abuse " and "  beaten mercilessly " Prisoners complain in Spanish of dubious food , meager rations and dilapidated cells CNN can not confirm the videos , obtained through a dissident journalist , are authentic
CNN  -- A portrait is beginning to emerge of Joseph Andrew Stack , the man officials believe set his house on fire and then intentionally crashed his small aircraft into an office building in Austin , Texas . Stack , 53 , owns a Piper Cherokee PA-28 , according to aviation records , and federal officials believe that is the plane that crashed into the building Thursday . Authorities said the remains of two people were found in the building after the crash . They were not immediately identified . Share images , information about the crash A message on a software company Web site registered to Stack appears to be a suicide note . "  If you 're reading this , you 're no doubt asking yourself , ` Why did this have to happen ? ' " the message said . "  The simple truth is that it is complicated and has been coming for a long time . " At the FBI 's request , the letter was later removed from the site . As recently as February 7 , the Web site was for Embedded Art , which appears to be a software company founded by Stack . "  Embedded Art is a small independent software house , specializing in process control and automation , " a cached version of the Web site said . "  In its current form it represents the culmination of 20 years of experience in the software development consulting business . Founded by Joe Stack in 1983  under the name of Prowess Engineering  in Southern California , the company thrived for 15 years until shifting focus to the Sacramento area to take advantage of growth in the Silicon Valley . " The Web site changed over on February 16 , indicating Stack had possibly been planning to post the note for at least two days . The document had been revised 27 times since the 16th , according to the site 's page information , and was finalized at 1:42 a.m. ET -- about eight hours before he is believed to have taken his plane from the airport . In the long message , the writer rails against the government and , particularly , the Internal Revenue Service . Read the apparent suicide note  PDF The building into which the airplane crashed is a federal IRS center with 199 employees . "  I saw it written once that the definition of insanity is repeating the same process over and over and expecting the outcome to suddenly be different , " the online message said . "  I am finally ready to stop this insanity . Well , Mr. Big Brother IRS man , let 's try something different ; take my pound of flesh and sleep well . " In the letter , the writer , who signs as Joe Stack , said he feels some frustration in writing , "  given my gross inability to gracefully articulate my thoughts in light of the storm raging in my head . " Details in the letter coincide with details of Stack 's life , such as his move from California to Texas in 2004 . Once in Austin , he bought a $ 230,000 home in a leafy subdivision , the same home that he allegedly set on fire before piloting the plane into the building . Photos from the scene of the fire showed a fire truck parked in front of a large brick house , flames and plumes of thick smoke rising into the sky . CNN affiliate KXAN reported Stack 's wife , Sheryl , and 12-year-old stepdaughter had moved into a hotel on Wednesday evening after , friends said , Stack went "  ballistic " about his IRS problems . Stack 's wife is listed as a teaching assistant at the University of Texas-Austin . The examples of Stack 's apparent frustration in the note coincide with financial troubles his companies had . The California Franchise Tax Board said Stack 's Software Systems Service Corporation license was suspended June 1 , 2004 , for not paying taxes in 1996 and 2002 , CNN affiliate KCRA reported . And another of Stack 's companies in California -- known as Prowess Engineering , which became Embedded Art -- had its license suspended November 1 , 2000 , for a failure to file a 1994 tax return , KCRA reported . Thursday 's incident left those who knew Stack scratching their heads . "  I ca n't believe it 's the same person , " said Ric Furley , an Austin musician who played in a band with Stack for a period more than two years ago . Stack played bass , the accordion and sang for the band , according to the band 's Web site . Stack was very musical , and conversations with his bandmates typically revolved around music , not grievances he may have had . "  He was very easygoing , " Furley said , adding that he guessed it was insanity that led Stack to his alleged suicide mission . "  What else could it be ? " In the online message , the writer noted how during past times of crisis , like during the Great Depression , some of the wealthy who lost everything were known to have killed themselves . "  Now , when the wealthy f -- up , the poor get to die for the mistakes ... is n't that a clever , tidy solution , " the letter said . The letter also hinted at darker thoughts . "  Nothing changes unless there is a body count , " it said . "  I choose to not keep looking over my shoulder at ` Big Brother ' while he strips my carcass , I choose not to ignore what is going on all around me , I choose not to pretend that business as usual wo n't continue ; I have just had enough . " He plainly stated his conclusion : "  Sadly , though I spent my entire life trying to believe it was n't so , but violence not only is the answer , it is the only answer . "	Former bandmate says Stack was easygoing ; "  I ca n't believe it 's the same person " Online rant is believed to be suicide note from apparent pilot Joseph Andrew Stack In the long message , the writer rails against the government and , particularly , the IRS Stack 's company site changed two days ago , indicating he may have had a plan
CNN  -- A noted tech journalist and early adopter of Google 's Glass headset is declaring the technology "  doomed , " at least for 2014 . There 's a tongue-in-cheek nature to Robert Scoble 's pronouncement , which he shared with the 4.7 million people who follow him on Google + . His strong language , he said , was a send-up of the tech press 's sometimes over-the-top approach to news . But Scoble , who got his Glass headset in April on the second day the devices became available to some journalists and early testers , predicts the connected eyewear will flop with consumers when it goes on sale to the general public , presumably this year . Scoble said he thinks the price will be too high and there wo n't be enough apps or useful functions to make the wearable tech worth the cost . He has a sunnier view of Glass 's long-term prospects , though . "  By 2020 I 'm quite convinced this will be a big deal and there will be lots of competitors by then , " he wrote . "  So , if you make it about 2020 , then it is n't doomed . If it 's about beating the Apple iWatch in 2014 ? Yes , totally doomed . " Apple has not rolled out a smartwatch yet but is widely rumored to be doing so soon , marking the tech giant 's entree into the emerging wearable-tech field . Google did not immediately respond to a message seeking comment for this article . Glass is a headset with a camera and small screen situated above the wearer 's right eye . The wearer can access the Internet and snap images and video by using voice commands . A blogger and author , Scoble works as a new-tech "  evangelist " for IT company Rackspace . But his influence in the tech community is broader and his writing helps shape opinion in some quarters . Scoble has 374,000 followers on Twitter and has been one of the most visible Google Glass users . A photo of him wearing the headset in the shower went viral last year . Scoble noted that Glass , which has sold for $ 1,500 to a limited number of beta testers , is likely to be released at a cost of more than $ 500 . He says that 's too much for the public at large . "  Price is gon na matter a LOT . But I 'm hearing they wo n't be able to get under $ 500 in 2014 , so that means it 's doomed . In 2014 , " Scoble wrote . "  When they get under $ 300 and have another revision or two ? That 's when the market really will show up . 2016 , I say . " He said the headset will need to be custom-fitted to its wearer , and that customers will need to receive an hour or two of training before using it -- which will inflate its price . Scoble also believes that battery life , at least on the current Glass models , wo n't be enough for some people . He said a lack of apps could also hurt . "  That will start getting fixed after a few months of release , but early users are gon na continually ask ` where 's the Uber app ? " ' Or ` where 's the Foursquare app ? ' Or ` why does the Facebook app suck ? ' he wrote . Scoble criticized the lack of a quality Facebook app in particular . "  Sorry Google , but Google + still is n't used by my family , friends , or those I speak with ... , " he wrote . "  Google + is n't nearly as ubiquitous or as nice , truth be told , particularly for mobile users . This lack of Facebook support is the # 1 thing that pisses me off about Glass . " All of that said , Scoble holds out hope . He said he still loves his Glass and that it 's unfair to judge a test version of the still-new device as if it 's a finished product . "  So , what would I do if I were Google ? Reset expectations , " he wrote . "  Say ` this is really a product for 2020 that we 're gon na build with you . ' First release is in 2014 , but let 's be honest , if it 's $ 600 and dorky looking , it 'll be doomed -- as long as expectations are so high . " While still in limited release , Google Glass has already stirred up some controversy . Some restaurants and other businesses have banned Google Glass over concerns about the headset 's ability to take photos and record video . And users have already been ticketed for wearing them while driving , as lawmakers in several states consider laws to ban them behind the wheel . And then there 's their appearance . Glass 's part-futuristic , part-dorky look has been mocked in such spots as the blog , White Men Wearing Google Glass.ï " ¿	Top tech blogger says Google Glass wo n't do well when it hits the market Robert Scoble has used Glass since April 2013 Price , lack of apps likely will hurt its early sales , he says But by 2020 , he thinks the headset will be a hit
CNN  -- Friends and fellow sailors mourned double Olympic medalist Andrew "  Bart " Simpson after the shocking news that he had died in San Francisco Bay while training for the America 's Cup . The British sailor 's death followed the capsizing Thursday of a 72-foot Artemis Racing boat during a training run . After Simpson , 36 , was pulled from the water , attempts were made to revive him on a boat aiding the rescue operation and on land , but they were unsuccessful . The other 10 crew members were all accounted for , Sweden 's Artemis Racing said . "  The entire Artemis Racing team is devastated by what happened , " Artemis Racing chief executive Paul Cayard told reporters in Alameda , the city in eastern San Francisco Bay where the team is based . "  Our prayers are with Andrew Simpson 's family , his wife and kids , and also the rest of my teammates . It 's a shocking experience to go through , and we have a lot to deal with in the next few days in terms of assuring everybody 's well being . " Cayard said the AC72 catamaran was "  under control " but the team 's first concern was for its people . Simpson won a gold medal in sailing 's Star class at the 2008 Olympics in Beijing and silver at last year 's Olympics , when Britain was the host nation . Shirley Robertson of CNN 's "  Mainsail " show , and a good friend of Simpson , said the catamaran he was sailing Friday was "  a boat that is about as extreme as it gets " and would have been the "  most radical " he had sailed . "  The huge AC72 multihulls have been introduced to take the oldest trophy in sport to a new era . The America 's Cup is no longer a tactical game of chess on water in relatively slow yachts ; it is now a full-on physical battle with an immense machine , and the forces of nature , " she said . "  The crews who sail them talk openly about the danger , and hard hats , body armor and personal air bottles are all part of their sailing gear . " Support boats stay close , she said , but risk can not be eliminated from the equation with such spectacular , fast-moving boats . "  Bart was a lovely ` gentle giant ' of a man who I have so many fond memories of inside the British Olympic Sailing team , " added Robertson , herself a double Olympic gold medalist . Swedish Artemis team member Magnus Augustson told Sweden 's daily newspaper Aftonbladet he was shaken by the accident and greatly saddened by the loss of a friend . "  I was the one who found him . It is the worst thing that has ever happened , " he told the paper . "  We had been sailing for a couple of hours and everything had been going great , but then suddenly the boat tipped over . I do n't really know what happened , I have n't seen any pictures since I am still very shaken by it . " The boat was built using special materials to be as lightweight and good as possible , he said . "  The whole thing was very scary . I fell off the boat , but jumped on board again . We knew how many people had been on board but we had n't found everyone . So we started searching , lifting and looking around . But it is a very large boat and everything is so heavy , and there was a lot of wind . " Augustson told Aftonbladet it had taken "  a long while " to find Simpson . "  We have a medic with us and he did everything he could to try and resuscitate him . But there was nothing we could do , " he said . "  Now this makes you wonder . ... It feels a bit ridiculous to be doing sports right now . It feels unnecessary . He had a kid and a wife . And he was a good friend . " Members of Britain 's Royal Yachting Association also said they were devastated by the news . "  Andrew is someone I 've worked closely with since the age of 16 -- he was a great talent , " performance director John Derbyshire said in a statement . "  He was a huge inspiration to others , both within the British Sailing Team and across the nation , and our deepest sympathies go out to his family at this terrible time . " Stephen Park , the Royal Yachting Association 's Olympic manager , said Simpson was "  a fantastic sailor who got the best out of everyone he sailed with . He was much loved and will be sorely missed by everyone in our close knit team . " The America 's Cup is the oldest and most prestigious trophy in sailing , dating back more than 150 years . Teams from only four nations have won it : the United States , Australia , New Zealand and Switzerland . The New York Yacht Club held the cup for well over a century . The Louis Vuitton Cup , the America 's Cup Challenger Series , starts on July 7 and the America 's Cup Finals begin on September 7 . Artemis Racing represents the Royal Swedish Yacht Club , KSSS , Sweden 's largest and oldest sailing club . CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	NEW : The boat involved "  is about as extreme as it gets , " says Olympian Shirley Robertson Andrew "  Bart " Simpson died after the racing catamaran he was on capsized The Artemis Racing crew was on a practice run for sailing 's prestigious America 's Cup He was "  a fantastic sailor who got the best out of everyone , " Olympic team manager says
Officials in Idaho and Nevada have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to stop same-sex marriage in those states , at least temporarily , by barring implementation of a federal appeals court ruling issued Tuesday . The 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals struck down current bans on same-sex marriage in the two states , and later ordered its ruling to go into effect immediately . Idaho officials then asked the high court to intervene on an emergency basis and block enforcement of that lower court mandate . Nevada then followed suit Justice Anthony Kennedy earlier Wednesday temporarily granted Idaho 's request , and is considering Nevada 's similar application . Same-sex couples in both states who brought the original lawsuit will now have time to respond in writing , over whether a longer stay should remain in effect while the case is litigated . "  I 'm pleased that Justice Kennedy has given us the opportunity to make our case in a way that helps avoid the confusion some other states have faced , " said Idaho Gov. C.L. "  Butch " Otter in a statement . "  I intend to be faithful to my oath of office and keep working to protect the Idaho Constitution and the mandate of Idaho voters in support of traditional marriage . " The case is the latest in a series of rapidly evolving legal events this week on the controversial social issue . In a surprise move Monday , the justices refused to get involved now in the constitutional debate over same-sex marriage . That decision allowed same-sex couples to wed legally in five states -- Virginia , Utah , Oklahoma , Indiana , and Wisconsin . Utah is among the states where marriage licenses were issued to same-sex couples for a brief period before stays were issued by the courts earlier this year , leaving a good deal of uncertainty over whether those marriages were valid . A three-judge panel from the 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals had concluded the bans in Idaho and Nevada violated the equal protection rights of homosexuals to legally marry . "  The lessons of our constitutional history are clear : inclusion strengthens , rather than weakens , our most important institutions , " said the judges . "  When same-sex couples are married , just as when opposite sex couples are married , they serve as models of loving commitment to all . " Following what the Supreme Court did a day earlier , at least 32 states and perhaps three more could allow same-sex marriage in coming weeks , an increase of at least 13 states since the beginning of the month . Colorado and Utah announced Tuesday it would order county clerks to begin issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples . The decisions affecting Idaho and Nevada become the fourth such federal appeals court to strike down voter-approved bans since June .	A federal appeals court Tuesday struck down two states ' ban on same-sex marriage Idaho and Nevada officials then asked the Supreme Court to intervene Idaho granted request temporarily ; Nevada 's pending
CNN  The fallout at Sigma Alpha Epsilon continues . Just days after a video surfaced of frat members singing a racist song , another video is making the rounds . This one appears to show the fraternity 's house mom laughing and saying the n-word . Two students expelled over racist chant The Oklahoma Daily , the university 's student newspaper , posted a Vine dating from 2013 that shows an older woman talking over a rap song , saying "  ni **** " seven times in quick succession . The woman , who is seated with an Oklahoma shirt behind her , laughs before repeating the racial epithet . The sound of "  All Gold Everything " from Trinidad James -- a black , Atlanta-based rapper -- can be heard in the background . Black OU SAE alumnus : ` They are not my brothers ' The student newspaper reports that the woman appears to be Beauton Gilbow , who was the SAE chapter 's house mom . She responded in a statement Tuesday . "  I have been made aware that a video of me that is circulating on social media and in the news . I am heartbroken by the portrayal that I am in some way racist . I have friends of all race and do not tolerate any form of discrimination in my life . "  I was singing along to a Trinidad song , but completely understand how the video must appear in the context of the events that occurred this week , " said Gilbow . Before the Vine came out but after the fraternity chapter was suspended , the woman known as "  Momma B " told CNN affiliate KOCO-TV that she was blindsided by the overall controversy . "  I feel like the rug has been pulled out from under me , " Gilbow said . "  This has been my life for 15 years . And it 's tough . " Opinion : Are frats ' a form of American apartheid ' ?	"  I am heartbroken by the portrayal that I am in some way racist , " says Beauton Gilbow She says she was singing along to a song but understands how the video must appear
An abandoned subway terminal in New York City is being pitched for redevelopment into a sunlit , subterranean park -- replete with 60,000 square feet of flowers , ponds and trees . Located in Manhattan 's trendy Lower East Side , the vast underground space -- which is about the size of a football field -- has remained untouched since the terminal was discontinued back in 1948 . Now , a group of entrepreneurs are proposing an elaborate green makeover , in which sunlight would be "  harvested " above ground and channeled into the vaults below via a network of fiber-optic cables -- creating an environment apparently filled with natural light and , in theory , ripe for growing all the foliage of a typical city park . "  Effectively , we 'd gather an image of the sky and sun at street level and distribute it underground , " said James Ramsey , former NASA satellite engineer-turned-architect and the brains behind the idea . Ramsey began developing the Delancey Underground project  named after the old New York street under which the park is planned  after persuading the local transport authorities to give him , and co-founder Dan Barasch , a guided tour of its derelict carriage terminal . "  Sixty years of accumulated filth aside , I was struck by the beautiful historic qualities of the space -- with its cobblestone floors , original footway tiles and high-vaulted arched ceiling , " recalled Ramsey . "  These are all features we 'd love to see carried through , but with the futuristic addition of a fully functioning community park . " Read related : Could ` Earthscraper ' really turn architecture on its head ? Ramsey and Barasch 's romantic vision includes a polished , undulating ceiling plane from which the "  remote skylights " -- developed by Ramsay to filter out harmful ultraviolet and infrared light frequencies -- will flood the park with sunrays all year-round , night and day . According to Ramsey , the technology is "  like a cross between a telescope and an endoscope " -- capturing light from the sun and then transporting it through fiber-optic cables onto a relatively small focal point . "  Of course the lighting will be supplemented with an electric supply at night and during cloudy periods ... and we 'll also need additional energy for a ventilation system , " said Ramsey . "  But for both cost and environmental purposes , any additional energy use will be as green and efficient as possible , " he added . Comment : Would you give them your support ? Is the "  Delancey Underground " project a feasible and much needed innovation or a pretty but impractical pipe dream ? Tell us you thoughts in the comments section below . Despite the possibility of this additional energy consumption , Barasch -- who also works for an NGO promoting socially innovative applications of technology -- is resolute about the park 's eco-credentials . "  This will be a distinctive testament to the varied applications and incredible promise of solar power , " he said . "  It would also bring a slice of nature into one of New York 's least green areas , and encourage people to think about their relationship with the environment . " The plans have drawn comparisons with the popular High Line -- another park built along an old railway way line -- in this case high above the city streets in New York 's Lower West Side . "  Rather than demolish what was there and replace it with shiny new office blocks or expensive apartments , the existing structure has been re-imagined to become a sustainable space for everyone to enjoy ... and we have very similar aims in that respect , " said Ramsey . The terminal is currently under the control of the transport authority , and they have agreed to listen to the duo 's pitch -- but made it clear they will not submit any funding for the construction of the park . "  In the end , we will have to compete with other proposals , which will no doubt offer compelling commercial arguments for things like a car-parking lot or shopping mall , " said Ramsey , who plans to finance the entire initiative through private funding and donations . The duo say it 's too early to put a price on how much the park will cost to build and run , but they are currently in the process of raising $ 400,000 for a full-scale demonstration of the "  skylight " technology and a thorough feasibility study regarding the structural and ventilation conditions of the terminal . Barasch says that after a recent spate of community meetings , they also have the enthusiastic support of the locals .	A group of entrepreneurs are proposing an an underground garden for New York Disused subway terminal could be filled with captured sunlight , allowing for growth of plants Creators say plans represent opportunity to introduce nature into one of New York 's least green areas Pipe-dream or genuine innovation ? You tell us .
Hailey , Idaho  CNN  -- No one here knew exactly where he was or what he was going through , but this tiny city in Idaho never forgot about Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl . Yellow balloons and American flags line the sidewalks of Hailey , population 8,000 . Residents planted one tree for each of the five years Bergdahl was held captive in Afghanistan . Now , uncertainty has given way to elation as the Army sergeant has been released from his captors -- in exchange for freeing five Taliban members held at Guantanamo Bay . "  There were times where we wondered , but  parents  Jani and Bob Bergdahl never once gave up faith that their son was coming home to them , " family friend Stefanie O'Neill said . Bergdahl 's parents said the battle is far from over . "  The recovery and reintegration of Bowe Bergdahl is a work in progress , " Bob Bergdahl told reporters Sunday , one day after his son was freed . "  It is n't over for us . In many ways , it 's just beginning for Jani and I , and our family . There 's a long process here . " So what 's next for Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl and the Obama administration , which has come under criticism from some lawmakers for the secretive nature of the swap ? WHAT 'S NEXT FOR BERGDAHL Recovery in Germany Bergdahl is recovering at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany , a U.S. Defense official said Sunday . He is also expected to be debriefed at Landstuhl . "  He had lost ... a good bit of weight , " National Security Adviser Susan Rice told CNN 's "  State of the Union With Candy Crowley . " Believing that his health was deteriorating , the United States acted quickly to save Bergdahl 's life . U.S. special operations forces recovered Bergdahl without incident Saturday at a pickup point in eastern Afghanistan , near the border with Pakistan . American officials said the government of Qatar brokered the deal . Some fellow soldiers : Bergdahl a deserter "  We were very concerned that time was not ... something we could play with -- that we needed to act when we had the opportunity , " Rice said . Bergdahl 's condition on Monday was stable , and he was "  receiving treatment for conditions that require hospitalization , " a U.S. defense official told CNN . People at Landstuhl were trying to build Bergdahl 's trust in them , as he has n't been able to trust anyone around him for five years , the official said . A senior Defense official said Bergdahl was having trouble speaking English , but the reasons for that were not clear , given the trauma he 's been through . Doctors in Germany are evaluating his health and whether he 's ready to be transported , said Arwen Consaul , a spokeswoman for U.S. Army South . Once doctors give the OK , a receiving team will travel to Germany to facilitate his transport to Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas . The recovery team has been training for the trip for years , practicing Bergdahl 's return trip 10 times with drills eventually involving hundreds of personnel , including stand-ins for the soldier and his family , she said . From Lackland , Bergdahl will head to the San Antonio Military Medical Center , where a room is ready for him and a support team is standing by , Consaul said . Speaking to CNN , White House spokesman Jay Carney declined to discuss Bergdahl 's condition , saying he should be allowed to recover privately . "  His process of repatriation has begun , and reintegration into society , " Carney said . "  I 'm sure it will not be an easy one , but we 're overjoyed on behalf of his parents and his friends and family that he 's returning home . " Transitioning to normal life The first meeting between Bergdahl and his parents may only last minutes , Consaul said , depending on what psychologists recommend . Once in the United States , she said , Bergdahl 's daily routine will focus on four key areas : medical care , psychological support , debriefings and family support . "  This is to help a person who has had no control of their own life for years now regain that control step by step , " she said . There 's no set time limit for how long the reintegration process will take , she said , because the case for each returnee is different . Bergdahl was believed to be held by operatives from the Haqqani network , which is affiliated with the Taliban and al Qaeda . An Afghan Taliban commander not authorized to speak to the media confirmed to CNN that Bergdahl was captured by insurgents with links to the Haqqani network in Pakistan . Over the years , the captive was transferred back and forth between Afghanistan and Pakistan , the Taliban commander said . David Rhode , a former New York Times journalist who was held captive by the Taliban for seven months , said Bergdahl faces a long road ahead . "  Psychologically , there will be a long debrief , " said Rhode , who was taken in Afghanistan and held in Pakistan until he managed to escape . "  They 're actually going to want intelligence  about  who held him . " But there 's a chance Bergdahl might not know much about Taliban commanders . "  I was kept with very young guards , most of the time , and I did n't really meet very senior commanders that often , " Rhode said . Army human resources officials will determine where Bergdahl goes after he completes the reintegration process in San Antonio , Consaul said . He 'll receive follow up care and have access to a psychiatrist for the rest of his life . Bergdahl , who 's still on active duty in the Army , could return to his unit in Alaska or be reassigned , she said . Facing criticism One question that remains unanswered is how Bergdahl disappeared in the first place . Several veterans and soldiers call him a deserter who walked off his base on June 30 , 2009 . At least six soldiers were killed in subsequent searches for him . "  Bowe Bergdahl deserted during a time of war and his fellow Americans lost their lives searching for him , " said former Sgt. Matt Vierkant , a member of Bergdahl 's platoon . Vierkant said Bergdahl needs to not only acknowledge his actions publicly but face a military trial for desertion under the Uniform Code of Military Justice . When asked Sunday whether Bergdahl had left his post without permission or deserted , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel did n't answer directly . "  Our first priority is assuring his well-being and his health and getting him reunited with his family , " Hagel said . "  Other circumstances that may develop and questions , those will be dealt with later . " A senior Defense official said Bergdahl will not likely face any punishment . "  Five years is enough , " he told CNN on condition of anonymity . Carney said questions about the circumstances of Bergdahl 's disappearance did n't play into efforts to retrieve him . "  Here 's what matters . He was a prisoner in an armed conflict , a member of the military , and in that situation the United States does not leave its men and women behind , " Carney told CNN . WHAT 'S NEXT FOR THE ADMINISTRATION Defending the swap Some lawmakers are openly wondering whether Bergdahl 's release sets a dangerous precedent for future kidnappings of Americans . "  The methodology in what we used is very troublesome , " said Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the U.S. House Intelligence Committee . "  We have a changing footprint in Afghanistan , which would put our soldiers at risk for this notion that if I can get one , I can get five Taliban released . " Rice defended the Obama administration 's efforts . "  If we got into a situation where we said , ` Because of who has captured an American soldier on the battlefield , we will leave that person behind , ' we would be in a whole new era for the safety of our personnel and for the nature of our commitment to our men and women in uniform , " she said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  Because it was the Taliban that had him did not mean that we had any less of an obligation to bring him back . " Briefing lawmakers Some members of Congress are trying to understand why they did n't know what was happening . Rep. Buck McKeon , chairman of the Armed Services Committee , said he still has n't been briefed by administration officials on the detainee swap . The California Republican said he plans to hold hearings about the Bergdahl exchange , he told CNN Chief Congressional Correspondent Dana Bash on Sunday . "  We 're getting our information -- other than a very brief notification -- we 're getting most of our information now from the media , " he said in an exclusive interview on "  Newsroom . " McKeon said the Defense Department notified his staff on Saturday , after the exchange took place . But he pointed to a law that requires the administration to notify Congress 30 days before detainees are released from the facilities at Guantanamo Bay . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , told reporters on Capitol Hill Monday that lawmakers on her committee should have been given a heads-up about the prisoner swap . "  We had participated in a number of briefings some time ago , and there  were  considerable concerns , " the California Democrat said . Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman the House Intelligence Committee , said he planned to look into whether Obama broke the law by not notifying Congress 30 days in advance . "  I think it certainly merits further review , and that 's what I 'm going to do to make that determination , " the Michigan Republican told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . "  It certainly does n't smell right to me . " Tony Blinken , Obama 's deputy national security adviser , told CNN Monday that administration officials did n't notify Congress in advance because they faced an "  urgent situation " with deep concerns about Bergdahl 's health . "  We had information that it was deteriorating . We had an opportunity that was very fast-moving to close this deal , to bring him back . And based on the law , we had the flexibility to do that . ... We had an urgent matter , and we had an opportunity , and we seized it , " he said . After consulting with the Justice Department to make sure the move was legal , he said , the administration decided to go ahead with the prisoner swap to avoid the risk of the Taliban changing its mind or the information leaking out . "  In the days ahead , there will be full briefings of the relevant committees in Congress , and indeed , of every member who wants it , " Blinken said . CNN 's Nick Valencia contributed to this report from Hailey , Idaho . CNN 's Alexandra Field , Steve Almasy , Jake Tapper , Barbara Starr , Sophia Saifi , Victoria Eastwood , Ashley Killough , Martin Savidge , Wolf Blitzer and Catherine E. Shoichet and journalist Zahir Shah Sherazi also contributed to this report .	NEW : Official : "  We had an urgent matter , and we had an opportunity , and we seized it " U.S. "  does not leave its men and women behind , " White House spokesman says Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was released after 5 years of captivity in Afghanistan He is at a medical center in Germany and will likely be transferred to Texas
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A day after he made a swift exit from an Islamabad court when a judge revoked his bail , former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf appeared before a magistrate on Friday and was formally placed under house arrest . The development is the latest setback to Musharraf since the former military ruler returned to Pakistan last month to fight a series of court cases against him and re-enter the country 's turbulent political scene by seeking to run in upcoming elections . His arrest also highlights the increased willingness of Pakistan 's judiciary , who clashed with Musharraf during his time in power , to pursue cases against high-profile figures previously considered to be untouchable . No former Pakistani army chief has previously been arrested and detained . Amid a long-running fight with the judiciary , Musharraf resigned as president of Pakistan in 2008 after nine years in power and went into exile the following year , living in London and Dubai . He came back to Pakistan last month under heavy security . But so far , his return does not seem to be going according to plan . Earlier this week , Pakistani election officials barred Musharraf from running for a seat in parliament in elections next month , a decision his lawyer has said he will challenge . That decision appears to have emboldened members of the judiciary , many of whom have bitter memories of their treatment by Musharraf during his time in power . But the legal drama concerning a former head of the army appeared to be fueling concerns about how the powerful Pakistani military might respond , with the country under the management of a caretaker government ahead of the elections next month . "  The fears that the army might sharply react if the cases are taken to their logical conclusion hang in the air , " The Nation , an English language newspaper , wrote in an editorial Friday . "  But Pakistan is now irrevocably destined for a democratic transition , and on this , all institutions agree . " Accused of detaining judges The Islamabad High Court had ordered Musharraf 's arrest on Thursday in a case in which he is accused of illegally ordering the detention of senior judges in 2007 . The high court said in its ruling that it was an "  act of terrorism " to prevent the judges from doing their job . But he quickly left the building after the judge announced the decision , returning to his farmhouse compound outside the Pakistani capital . His legal status at that point was unclear . Local media reported he had been placed under house arrest , but the judge 's order for his arrest remained outstanding . On Friday morning , local broadcaster Geo TV broadcast images of Musharraf arriving at a court building accompanied by uniformed police officers and other members of the security forces . Pakistani authorities have provided some of his heavy security detail since his return . Islamabad police spokesman Naeem Iqbal said officers had formally arrested Musharraf and produced him before a magistrate in court . But Mohammad Amjad , a spokesman for Musharraf 's political party said the former president had presented himself in court . He said Musharraf denies the charges against him and never gave any order to detain or abduct the judges in 2007 . Farmhouse arrest After appearing before the magistrate on Friday , Musharraf was allowed to return to his farmhouse , which has been converted into a "  sub jail " where he is being held under house arrest , according to his lawyer , Ahmed Raza Qasoori . Musharraf will continue to seek bail in the case , Qasoori said . An attempt on Thursday to appeal the Islamabad court 's decision at the Supreme Court appeared to have so far been unsuccessful . Qasoori said that Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui , the Islamabad High Court judge who ordered Musharraf 's arrest , is one of the judges whom Musharraf is alleged to have had detained in 2007 . As a result , Qasoori said , Siddiqui should have recused himself from the case . Siddiqui was n't immediately available for comment on Friday . In another step in the process , Musharraf will have to appear in court again next week . He had previously received bail extensions in the cases concerning him . He was also initially granted "  protective " bail to ward off potential arrest when he returned to Pakistan . But the judiciary appears to have taken a more aggressive line than he may have expected , stepping up the pursuit of cases against him . When asked last week about his fears of arrest , Musharraf brushed the question aside . A mixed reception in Pakistan Musharraf was disqualified from contesting elections in Pakistan because of the state of emergency he declared in 2007 . Even though he has n't been tried for that action , the move was ruled an act of treason , making him ineligible to run for office . Musharraf maintains he should not be barred because he has not been convicted of any criminal acts . Some Pakistanis are happy to see the return of the ex-military ruler , hoping his leadership could help restore order to a country riddled with political division and plagued by extremist violence . But he also made many enemies in the final years of his presidency , notably among the judges he allegedly detained . The Pakistani Taliban vowed to send a death squad to hunt down the former president if he returned to the country , though Musharraf has said he has been living under threats of death since September 11 , 2001 , when he supported the American war on terror and fought against the Taliban . The former general became president after a bloodless coup in 1999 . Musharraf 's popularity began declining in 2007 after he suspended the nation 's Supreme Court chief justice for "  misuse of authority . " The move resulted in protests and accusations that he was attempting to influence a court decision on whether he could seek another term in office . CNN 's Nic Robertson and journalist Nasir Habib reported from Islamabad . CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Shaan Khan contributed to this report .	Musharraf appears in court and then returns to his residence The former president is now being kept there under house arrest , his lawyer says Musharraf plans to pursue efforts to get the decision overturned He returned to Pakistan last month to run in elections after years in exile
CNN  -- The Texas Department of State Health Services on Thursday ordered the recall of all products ever shipped from the Peanut Corporation of America 's plant in Plainview , Texas , after discovering dead rodents , rodent excrement and bird feathers in the plant . The plant produced oil-roasted and dry-roasted peanuts , peanut meal and granulated peanut . The order , which applies to products shipped since the plant opened nearly four years ago , came a day after the discovery of filth in a crawl space above a production area during a health services inspection , Texas Health Department Press Officer Doug McBride told CNN in a telephone interview . The plant 's ventilation system pulled debris "  from the infested crawl space into production areas of the plant resulting in the adulteration of exposed food products , " a health department news release said . Officials at the plant , which opened in March 2005 and produced oil-roasted peanuts , dry-roasted peanuts , peanut meal and granulated peanut , voluntarily stopped operations Monday night . "  Our understanding is that the bulk of their products go to other food manufacturers , " McBride said . "  We 're not aware of any direct sales to consumers . " The state has the authority to stop a company 's operations and order a recall if it finds "  a condition that poses an immediate and serious threat to human life or health , " as was the case here , he said . Though tests are being carried out to determine if the products contain salmonella or other disease-causing organisms , the orders are not contingent on what is found , he said . The plant is barred from resuming operations without health services approval . The company 's peanut butter and peanut paste products produced at its plant in Blakely , Georgia , have been linked to a nationwide outbreak of salmonella poisoning that has affected 600 people , killing nine . A call to the company 's telephone number , which was working earlier this week , elicited a recording that said it was no longer in service .	Texas orders recall of products shipped from Peanut Corporation of America plant Order applies to all products shipped since plant opened nearly four years ago Order comes day after dead rodents , rodent excrement , bird feathers found in plant Plant officials voluntarily stopped operations Monday night
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- An executive of the Chinese dairy company Sanlu Group pleaded guilty Wednesday over her role in the contaminated milk scandal that sickened nearly 300,000 infants , state-run media reported . A salesgirl arranges powdered milk in China 's Sichuan province in September . Tian Wenhua , Sanlu 's former board chairwoman and general manager , and three other executives are on trial for producing and selling fake or substandard products , according to Xinhua news agency . Wenhua , 66 , pleaded guilty on the first day of the trial at a court in Shijiazhuang , the capital of northern Hebei Province , Xinhua reported . She told the court that she first received tainted milk complaints from consumers in mid-May -- four months before the issue became widely known -- according to the report . Wenhua led a working team to investigate the claims , Xinhua reported . The three other executives are former deputy general managers Wang Yuliang and Hang Zhiqi , and Wu Jusheng , a former executive heading Sanlu 's milk division . Chinese investigators found melamine in nearly 70 milk products from more than 20 companies , according to quality control official Li Changjiang , who was eventually forced to resign . The Ministry of Health has said the contamination likely caused the deaths of at least six babies . Another 294,000 infants suffered from urinary problems , such as kidney stones . The tainted formula came to light in September after babies who were fed milk powder produced by the Sanlu Group , which recently filed for bankruptcy , had developed kidney stones . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants added the chemical to milk products so they would appear to have a higher protein level . Prior to the four Sanlu executives , at least eight people stood trial over charges of producing , adding melamine-laced "  protein powder " to milk or selling the tainted milk to Sanlu or other dairies . Victims of tainted baby formula are expected to be compensated by the 22 Chinese dairy producers that made the milk . "  The enterprises offered to shoulder the compensation liability , " the country 's Dairy Industry Association said Saturday , according to Xinhua . "  By doing so , they hope to earn understanding and forgiveness of the families of the sickened children . " The group said victims will receive a one-off cash payment , but did not provide the amounts , according to Xinhua . "  The money for compensation is in place now and will soon be handed to the people who have custody of the sickened children through various channels , " the association said . No date for the payments was given . The dairies also raised money to cover medical bills for any after-effects suffered as a result of the poisoning , the association said .	Tian Wenhua , former Sanlu chairwoman and general manager , pleads guilty Four Sanlu executives accused of producing and selling substandard products Scandal revealed after babies fed milk powder developed kidney stones Victims of tainted baby formula to be compensated by 22 Chinese dairy firms
LONDON , England  CNN  -- London 's newest hotelier Mark Fuller is showing commendable bravado for someone about to open a luxury hotel during a global recession . Entrepreneur Mark Fuller in the Sanctum Soho hotel , a rock 'n' roll "  haven of hedonism " in London . "  F *** the recession , let 's get on with it , " he says , while sitting on the roof terrace of the Sanctum Soho , a 30-room establishment dubbed the rock 'n' roll hotel , as much for its "  anything goes " service philosophy as the pedigree of its owners , which include the co-managers of heavy metal band Iron Maiden . "  We do not recognize there is a credit crunch because we believe you should battle through it , " Fuller says , adding , "  If you get panicky and scary about things like this , you 're no man at all . " Besides , he admits , three years ago when he started working on the concept of an ` alluring haven of hedonism '  as the hotel is described on its Web site  , the credit crunch did n't exist . And by the time it hit , it was too late to pull out . "  We would n't do anyway , " Fuller insists , adding "  fortune favors the brave , as they say . " See images of the rock star hotel " The former band manager turned entrepreneur , is looking quite the rock star tonight , decked head-to-toe in black while a shiny silver skull stares ominously from his belt buckle . Downstairs , staff are frantically preparing for a launch party that promises to be heavy on champagne , cocktails and celebrities . It 's almost like the crunch does n't exist . This is Fuller 's world and he 's hoping plenty of people will want to join it . "  In every downturn in the economic climate I think people look for some affordable glamour and escape , " he says . Fuller also owns and runs the Embassy Hotel , an exclusive nightclub in the upmarket London suburb of Mayfair which he plans to franchise in Dubai , Istanbul and Abu Dhabi . The partners in his new hotel venture ooze rock credential : Iron Maiden co-managers Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor . While Taylor has experience running a restaurant and hotel , "  The Inn on the Green , " Smallwood 's experience in the hotel industry is based on 30 years on the road with Iron Maiden . Last year he stayed in 80 hotels in 40 countries and one of his biggest gripes is returning to his hotel after a gig and finding the bar is closed . "  You want good service , and you want the bars open , and you want good food available , " he says from the roof terrace equipped with a bar and Jacuzzi he 's taken to calling "  my lounge . " Smallwood expects to stay in the hotel once a week and says it will become a London bolt-hole for the band . While non-music types and the tone-deaf are welcome to stay in the hotel , over-enthusiastic groupies are not . "  If you 're on the road for three months , you can never escape , " Smallwood says . "  The fans , some of them , think they have a God-given right , just because they 're staying in the same hotel , to put a camera in your face over your cornflakes . " "  The rule here is no autographs and no photographs , " he says firmly . "  Say Paul Weller is sitting in the corner having a beer , and you go and ask for an autograph or photograph , you will not stay here again . " Along with privacy and a beer at all hours , guests have access to an on-call guitar doctor , a necessity , apparently , if you break a string while strumming in your room . Guests who have inadvertently left their guitar at home can hire one from reception . The rock star concept extends to the room decor . The silver wallpaper and mirrored columns may appear garish in daylight , but at 3 a.m. one suspects they add a touch of glamour . Free standing baths are a bold leap from the bed and the mini bar is well-stocked with champagne . Rod Smallwood is confident the concept will work . "  Recession or no recession , we 're talking about 30 rooms in a huge major city . If we ca n't sell 30 rooms in the depths of recession it means we 're useless , and we know we 're not . " Mark Fuller says he 's selling more than a hotel room . In times of economic crisis the Sanctum Soho offers the chance to forget the mortgage and live like a rock star , if only for a day . "  You can sit in the restaurant and have a hamburger for seven pounds  $ 10  , " he says . "  The drinks are cheaper than most hotels , and probably cheaper than most nightclubs . The room accommodation runs everywhere from # 125  $ 255  straight up to # 450  $ 650  . Take your pick . Cut your coat . " I mishear him . "  Cut your coke ? " I ask . "  No , you ca n't do that ! " he exclaims . "  Musicians are not like that anymore , " Fuller says . "  The music industry is such now that people release CDs to support tours , not the other way around , so this is a professional state . "  I just do n't want to be the hotel at the end of the tour , then I 'm in danger , " he laughs .	Entrepreneur braves recession to open rock 'n' roll hotel in London 's Soho Sanctum Soho offers roof terrace with 24 hour bar , Jacuzzi , guitar doctors Rooms sparkle with silver wallpaper , free standing baths and champagne Backers include Iron Maiden co-managers Rod Smallwood and Andy Taylor
CNN  -- Move over , Edward Cullen . Tell those bayou bloodsuckers from "  True Blood " to step aside , too . More than 112 years after he first climbed out of the coffin , the world 's most famous vampire is back -- and he 's bloodier than ever . "  Dracula the Un-Dead , " released this month in the United States , is a sequel to Bram Stoker 's 1897 classic written by Dacre Stoker , the original author 's great-grandnephew . The book , co-written by Dracula historian Ian Holt , picks up 25 years after the Victorian-era monster is supposedly killed in the original and is based in part on 125 pages of handwritten notes that Bram Stoker left behind . But while many of the original characters are here -- troubled couple Jonathan and Mina Harker and vampire hunter Van Helsing among them -- the horror has gotten a 21st-century update . The sex and violence that Stoker deftly alluded to in the original are , at times , front and center in his descendant 's sequel . "  You 've got to keep in mind the perspective , " said Dacre Stoker , a native of Montreal , Quebec , now living in Aiken , South Carolina . "  The degree of sex and violence he had , in this very stuffy and conservative Victorian society , was cutting edge at the time . Even the exposure of a woman 's flesh , the piercing of the flesh , was a metaphor for the sex act . " And with authors from Anne Rice and Charlaine Harris to Stephen King and Poppy Z. Brite having crafted their own , sometimes lurid , reworkings of the vampire legend , Stoker said he knew that the new book could n't just be a straight continuation of the first . "  We 've got to keep up with what other people are doing , " he said . "  Otherwise , our story would be toast . " Of all the books , movies and other tales to use Dracula 's name throughout the decades , the novel is the first since the 1931 Bela Lugosi movie to have the Stoker family 's endorsement and input . After Bram 's death , his widow , Florence , sold the story 's rights , and eventually , the most iconic character in the history of horror slipped into the public domain . Dacre said that before now , the only thing he 'd ever received for his ancestor 's work was the occasional Halloween wisecrack . "  We knew of the legacy of Bram Stoker , but as kids growing up in Montreal , it was n't that big a deal , " he said . "  Every now and then at Halloween you 'd get joked : ` Is it safe to come to the Stoker house ? Are we going to get candy or bitten in the neck ? ' " It was a college writing project that revived his interest in his novelist ancestor , a native of Dublin , Ireland , who 'd moved to London , England , by the time the book was written . Then , he was contacted by Holt in 2003 . The historian said he wanted to work on a sequel and wanted to have a member of Stoker 's family involved . Along the way , they uncovered a rare find at the Rosenbach Museum and Library in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania : Bram 's own notes . It was n't a plot outline , Dacre said , "  but what I did was find information , characters , little ideas -- plot threads that he had in mind 112 years ago that did n't make it into his story . " Among the seeds for new plotlines was Bram 's mention of a police investigator who plays prominently in "  Dracula the Un-Dead . " Dacre said he 'd always wondered at how the first book was full of murder but no police were involved . The notes also prompted the inclusion of Jack the Ripper , whose gruesome exploits gripped London around the time the elder Stoker was writing his novel and who is believed by some historians to have helped shape its plot . True fans of the vampire genre will find another historical figure they 're likely familiar with gracing the book 's pages and an even more unlikely appearance : Bram Stoker himself . "  Part of our plan was to paint a realistic picture of Bram Stoker , " Dacre said of the author , who spent time as a reporter , theater critic and manager of London 's Lyceum Theater . "  Everybody knows Dracula . Not many people know Bram Stoker . " Response to and reviews of the book have been largely positive . "  This daring sequel captures the essence and gothic glory of the original , " USA Today 's Carroll Memmott wrote . Dacre , who is touring the United States in support of the release , said he was prepared for the inevitable backlash from pure-blood purists who do n't think the original should be sullied with a follow-up . "  I have heard just a bit of it , " he said . "  People say it 's better to leave some of these mysteries alone ; let 's not solve them all . Believe me , when you read our story , you 'll know we do n't solve them all . " And he has some other advice for those diehards : Lighten up . "  This is entertainment . Go with it , " he said . "  If you do n't want to read it , you do n't have to . "	"  Dracula the Un-Dead " written by Bram Stoker 's descendant Dacre Vampire tale is more overtly violent , sexy than the 1897 original Book has prompted good reviews , handful of bitter purists Jack the Ripper , Bram himself incorporated into new story
CNN  -- If you 're at a coffee shop , anywhere in Philadelphia , or if it 's late at night , hang on to your smartphone . Losing your smartphone can be stressful , given how much important data and access to services a typical one contains . On average , people lose their smartphone once per year , according to Lookout Mobile Security . Recently , Lookout analyzed phone loss data and found some interesting trends about where and when people lose their phones . This data is presented on a new interactive website , Mobile Lost and Found . Lookout gathered data from its mobile security app , which is on more than 15 million cell phones around the world  mostly Android phones  . In 2011 , Lookout found 9 million smartphones .  The company considered a phone as having gone missing whenever a user logged in to Lookout via the Web to find a phone . "  Losing your phone is absolutely the biggest mobile security risk cell phone owners currently face , even more than malware , " said Kevin Mahaffey , Lookout 's chief technology officer . "  People lose their phones in the places they go every day . It 's not a stray comet from the sky snatching your phone . That 's why we wanted to study this . " When are people most likely to lose their phone ? Lookout found that the vast majority of smartphone losses happen late at night , from 9 p.m. to 2 a.m. Looks like nightlife may be a culprit . But on holidays , or during major events such as festivals or big sporting events , people are especially likely to lose a phone . In 2011 , phone losses around the world spiked on Christmas and New Year 's Eve . And on February 27 , 2011 , phones in Dublin , Ireland , were lost at nearly three times the normal rate during a major international rugby tournament there . In general , throughout the United States , the five types of places where people are most likely to lose a cell phone are coffee shops , bars , restaurants , at the office or at home . Also , the five U.S. cities where people are most likely to lose a smartphone are Philadelphia ; Seattle ; Oakland , California. ; Long Beach , California ; and Newark , New Jersey . Mahaffey observed that several of the top phone-losing cities also have high crime rates , but that does n't necessarily mean that more phones are stolen in these cities . Lookout 's data does not indicate what actually happened to those missing phones -- how many were stolen vs. lost , or how many were eventually found . That might be a subject for future Lookout research , he said . However , where you 're most likely to lose your phone may depend on which city you live in . For instance , people in Austin , Texas , are most likely to lose phones at a gas station or garage , at the grocery store or at a pizza place . But church is the third most common setting where Chicagoans lose their phones . And in Atlanta , people are most likely to lose a phone at the office . One reason why losing your smartphone is so risky is that recent research by Symantec  another mobile security provider  showed that more than 95 % of the time , people who find lost smartphones try to access sensitive data or accounts on those phones -- which can including e-mail , online banking , photos and more . This is why it 's so important to always protect your cell phone with at least a security passcode or swipe pattern . What 's the cost of a lost smartphone ? Lookout estimates the average replacement cost  just the device , not counting costs associated with lost data , international phone calls , unauthorized online purchases and illicit access to online banking or other accounts  is about $ 200 . "  For a lot of people , $ 200 is a lot of money , " Mahaffey said . "  It could be a month 's rent , or groceries . " That said , Mahaffey emphasized that Lookout did n't conduct this research to frighten people , but rather to help them understand the importance of protecting your phone . "  You should never be afraid of your phone , " he said , "  But you should know how to protect it . " Consistently using a passcode or swipe pattern to lock your phone is the most basic level of protection -- not just from a random person who finds your lost phone , or a deliberate thief or snooper , but also from police . Courts in several states have authorized police to conduct warrantless searches of cell phones seized from people under arrest , but they probably can not compel an arrestee to unlock a seized phone . Several mobile security services offer additional features  for an annual fee  such as causing a lost phone to beep  which can help if you just ca n't find where you put it down at home  , or to show the current location of the phone on a map  which in one case helped catch a carjacker  , or to remotely lock or even wipe all data and contacts from a lost or stolen phone . The opinions expressed in this report are solely those of Amy Gahran .	95 % of the time , people who find lost smartphones try to access sensitive data , research shows In 2011 , phone losses around the world spiked on Christmas and New Year 's Eve Smartphone security company estimates average smartphone replacement cost is $ 200 Philadelphia , Seattle top list of cities where phones are lost the most
CNN  -- Clashes between security forces and protesters left 15 people dead across Syria on Saturday , an activist group said Sunday . The deaths included eight in Homs and three in Daraa , said Rami Abdulrahman , the head of the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . The report came days after Syrian security forces barged into a hospital and snatched 18 wounded patients , including five from an operating room , the Human Rights Watch reported , citing witness accounts . That event occurred Wednesday at al-Barr hospital in the western city of Homs during a major military operation . Human Rights Watch also reported that security forces had prevented medical personnel from reaching wounded people in several Homs neighborhoods . Days after the hospital raid , demonstrators took to the streets Friday , leaving 11 people dead across the country , said the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group that documents and organizes protests . Human Rights Watch said Syria 's actions violate its obligation "  to respect and protect the right to life and the right to health and not to subject anyone to inhuman treatment . " "  Snatching wounded people from the operating room is inhumane and illegal , not to mention life-threatening , " said Sarah Leah Whitson , Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Cutting people off from essential medical care causes grave suffering and perhaps irreparable harm . " A doctor at al-Barr hospital said security forces beat people as they moved the wounded from the hospital . The actions stirred panic and prompted families to remove patients who they thought might be detained , the doctor told Human Rights Watch . "  They were looking for a specific person called Bilal . The administrator told them that there had been a Bilal who arrived at the hospital , but he had died from his wounds and his family had already taken the body , " the doctor said . "  The security forces then asked the administration for lists of wounded who had arrived that day , and then I saw them go through the rooms of the hospitals taking anyone with a bullet wound , regardless of when they had arrived . In total , they took 18 wounded from the hospital . Five of them were taken from the operating room , including two who were still unconscious . " Human Rights Watch said it has documented a pattern of security forces preventing medical personnel from getting to wounded protesters . Another doctor told the organization he went to Bab Dreib , a neighborhood where physicians were needed , but it was a challenge to get wounded people to a hospital because regime snipers were firing on cars . "  The situation was very dramatic . Five of the wounded had bullets in their stomachs and required hospitalization , but I could not get them to any hospital , " the doctor said . Red Crescent volunteers in Homs said security forces prevented them from getting to some of the wounded . CNN can not independently confirm these reports . The Syrian government has repeatedly refused international journalists permission to report inside the country .	NEW : 15 people were killed on across Syria on Saturday , an activist group says NEW : The deaths include eight in Homs and three in Daraa Security forces stormed Homs this week in a major military operation
He 's being hailed as a hero , a teacher who stared down the barrel of a shooter 's gun . And were it not for his bravery , authorities say , the horror that unfolded at Berrendo Middle School in Roswell , New Mexico , could have been worse . Much worse . John Masterson , a social studies teacher , is credited with talking a 12-year-old suspect into putting down his shotgun during a shooting at the school Tuesday . Masterson has taught at the school for a decade , and also coaches track and soccer , according to the Albuquerque Journal . When contacted by the newspaper , he said police told him not to discuss details of the shooting . "  It was a harrowing experience , " he told the paper . "  All I can say was the staff there did a great job . " New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez was more forthcoming . Masterson , she said , walked up to the shooter and convinced him to put the gun down . "  Mr. Masterson ... was a hero ... who stood there and allowed a gun to be pointed right at him , " the governor said at a vigil Tuesday evening , "  and to talk down that young boy to drop the gun so that there would be no more young kids hurt . " Teachers train to face school shooter Intervening bravely Police do n't yet know why the suspect , a 7th grader , walked into the crowded gym at the beginning of the school day and opened fire . Kendal Sanders , 13 , and an 11-year-old boy were injured in the shooting , the latter critically . His name has not been released . "  Then he shot up in the sky , then dropped the gun , and then some teacher grabbed the kid that had the gun , " eighth-grader Odiee Carranza told the paper . "  He  walked right up to him and asked him to put down the firearm , " the governor said about Masterson . But he was n't the only teacher who put the schoolchildren 's safety ahead of his . Another school staff member suffered "  very minor injuries " in the shooting and declined medical treatment so he could continue to care for the pupils in the gym , the governor said . "  It 's one thing for a armed state police officer to enter a school and do his or her job , " said State Police Chief Pete Kassetas . "  It 's another thing for a teacher , staff member to intervene in a situation like this . " Georgia school shooting : Antoinette Tuff called a hero	Officials : John Masterson hears gunshot , turns around and persuades suspect to drop gun "  It was a harrowing experience , " teacher says Governor says eighth - grade teacher saved lives
Ferguson , Missouri  CNN  -- Two weeks after a police-involved shooting sparked violent protests in a St. Louis suburb , the mood turned more tranquil Saturday with smaller crowds and lots of music . Gone were police in riot gear glaring at defiant protesters . The tear gas , rubber bullets and Molotov cocktails were nowhere to be seen , either . In their place were clusters of officers , hanging around businesses , chatting with one another . Shops reopened by late Friday and residents gathered for ribs at a local barbecue restaurant boarded up with plywood , a visible reminder of the violent protests and looting just a few days ago . A van rolled down the streets with men grilling hot dogs in the back and handing them out to passersby . Amid the vibrant noise of a heartbroken city slowly coming back to life , a preacher hollered , "  Praise Jesus ! " as a choir on a flatbed belted out hymns , leaving pauses for his exaltation . The change in mood comes two weeks to the day after Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown , an unarmed 18-year-old . Protesters have taken to the streets daily in the mostly black city , sometimes clashing violently with officers . Hundreds of people walked the streets later Saturday in a march in Brown 's memory , organized by the NAACP . Despite the calm , slivers of earlier tension hovered . A vendor sold T-shirts adorned with the words , "  It 's time to start the healing " as a small group marched down the streets chanting , " Hands up ! Do n't shoot ! " and "  No justice , no peace . " 2-year-old protester Before calling it a night on Friday , Tonja Bulley , 49 , of nearby Jennings , made one last march along the protest route with her grandson , Tyler Randall Foster , 2 . The toddler carried a sign that read , "  You do n't have to shoot . I 'm unarmed . " Bulley has been to the protests daily since Brown was killed . This was the second time she 'd brought Tyler . "  He might not understand why I 'm out here , but I 'm out here for him , " she said . "  One day he 'll read about this movement , and he 'll know he made this change right along with his granny . I want to make things better for my grandson . I want things to change . ... I really do n't want my grandson to be another Mike Brown . " Race has been at the forefront of the tensions ; Brown was African-American and the officer who shot him is white . St. Louis authorities Friday released details of the racial and gender makeup of the grand jury handling the case . It comprises six white men , three white women , two black women and one black man , said Paul Fox , the administrator for the St. Louis County Circuit Court . St. Louis County is 70 % white and 24 % black , according to last year 's estimate by the U.S. Census Bureau . Obama orders review of military equipment to police State and federal cases The release of the details of the jury comes amid a key complaint among Brown family supporters , who 've said the man whose office is tasked with making the case to the grand jury -- St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Bob McCulloch -- is too cozy with law enforcement . Protesters have said he does not have a good relationship with the African-American community and should be replaced . McCulloch has indicated he wo n't recuse himself . Crucial grand jury Unlike a jury in a criminal case , which convicts someone if jurors are convinced of guilt "  beyond a reasonable doubt , " a grand jury decides if there is "  probable cause . " They decide whether to charge someone with a crime based on testimony and evidence presented in the absence of a judge . In Missouri , they do n't have to be unanimous to press such an indictment , as long as nine of the 12 agree on a charge . The federal government is conducting a separate investigation . FBI agents have knocked on more than 400 doors in Ferguson and interviewed more than 200 people as part of the U.S. Justice Department 's civil rights investigation , according to law enforcement sources . The federal probe must prove there was an element of "  racial hostility " in the shooting . That 's a higher standard than the one before the St. Louis County grand jury . The 12 members of the grand jury are crucial . They may be the first to reach a decision on whether the case will be defined as a murder charge , a lesser charge or no charge at all . Will calm last ? And as the focus shifts to the investigation , authorities hope the calm is there to stay . "  Tonight is proof good things are happening at Ferguson . ... The whispering winds of change continue , " said Capt. Ron Johnson of the Missouri Highway Patrol . "  I continue seeing citizens and officers making eye contact and smiling at each other . " Johnson said there were no Molotov cocktails thrown , no shootings and no tear gas Saturday . And for the first time in days , there were no arrests , either .	Streets remain calm for protest march Businesses reopen as city becomes more tranquil Hundreds attend peaceful march led by the NAACP For the first time in days , no arrests are made
CNN  -- Nearly one in 10 U.S. adults get news from Twitter , and they tend to be younger , more educated and more mobile than news consumers overall , says a new report . About 8 % of American adults say they rely on Twitter for news , according to a new report from the Pew Research Journalism Project . The report defines news defined as "  information about events and issues that involve more than just your friends or family . " The report comes as more and more people turn to social media as a source for news , and as Twitter prepares to begin trading shares this week as a public company . It was published Monday by the Pew Research Center in collaboration with the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation . The report follows a similar study last month from Pew that found 30 percent of Americans get news on Facebook . Twitter news consumers skew younger and more educated than those who get their news from Facebook , and are more likely to consume news on a mobile device , according to the new report . Monday 's report found that 40 % of all U.S. adults get news "  at least sometimes " on mobile devices , compared to 85 % of Twitter news consumers and 64 % of Facebook news consumers . Information seekers on Twitter are relative youngsters . Forty-five percent of Twitter news consumers are 18-29 years old , while only 2 % of Twitter news consumers are 65 or older . By contrast , 34 % of Facebook news consumers are 18-29 years old and seven percent are 65 years or older . Compare this to the 21 % of the total U.S. population who are between 18 and 29 , and the 18 % who are 65 and up . On Twitter , 40 % of news consumers have at least a bachelor 's degree , compared to 30 % of Facebook news consumers and 29 % of Americans overall . The Pew report includes analysis of Twitter conversations related to major news events , such as the acquittal of George Zimmerman , the Florida man accused in the shooting death of teen-ager Trayvon Martin . The analyses showed that breaking news , not opinion , made up the majority of Twitter news content . In the case of the Zimmerman verdict , the largest segment of the Twitter conversation -- 39 % of all sentiments expressed about the verdict -- shared news without offering an opinion . The study also found that conversations on Twitter can evolve quickly , and entiment about a news topic can shift . For example , in the two weeks after Supreme Court hearings on same-sex marriage in March , Twitter sentiment was against legalizing same-sex marriage by a wide margin of 55 % to 32 % . Yet a month later , opinions on Twitter favored same-sex marriage by 43 % to 26 % . But the report noted that Twitter sentiment does n't always reflect the population at large . The Pew report is based on a survey of more than 5,000 U.S. adults in late August and early September , along with an analysis of Twitter conversations surrounding major news events . Researchers analyzed Twitter posts for "  information shared , sentiments expressed and ebb and flow of interest . " Get CNN breaking news on Twitter @cnnbrk .	Nearly one in 10 U.S. adults get news from Twitter , says a new Pew report Twitter users are younger , more educated and more mobile than news consumers overall The report notes that Twitter sentiment does n't always reflect the population at large
CNN  Living under ISIS . Selling Girl Scout cookies . And giving some lip -- like Kylie Jenner . These are the best videos of the week . In the West , ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions . But for some communities , the group is the local governing authority , picking up garbage and directing traffic . CNN 's Atika Shubert explains how ISIS functions as a state . The video is at the top of this story . It 's an annual tradition : Girl Scouts sell cookies -- and , in the millions , we buy them . But is this the best way for them to raise money ? CNN 's Richard Roth asks about a sweet tradition that 's leaving some with a bitter taste . Watch the video : The use of marijuana has long been a source of controversy , but on movies and TV shows , it 's also long been a source of humor . CNN 's Lisa France has a blunt look at the herb in pop culture . Watch the video : Many climate scientists believe that an increase of 2 degrees Celsius in the global average temperature could be the tipping point for climate change . CNN 's John D. Sutter takes a measure . Watch the video : Back in the '50s , "  The Blob " was a low-budget horror/sci-fi film . Today , it 's reality , as "  blobs " of warm water in the Pacific Ocean may be having an impact on storms and marine life . CNN 's Jennifer Gray takes a look . Watch the video : A newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to a certain "  Not Easy Being Green " Muppet , Kermit the Frog . Kermit himself noted the similarities . So what is this amphibian ? Watch the video : In another attempt to keep up with the Kardashians , some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look just like Kyle Jenner 's . The #KylieJennerChallenge has n't escaped notice . Watch the video : "  Iron Man " Robert Downey Jr. was distinctly flinty when dealing with the questions of a British interviewer . He finally walked out -- and he has n't been the only one to decide to take off his microphone . Watch the video : You 've heard of drones in the air . Now the Pentagon is working on drones at sea -- and they could be valuable tools in tracking enemy ships . Watch the video : Recent incidents have brought attention to the question of when police are allowed to use deadly force . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin looks at the laws for law enforcement . Watch the video : Michelle Obama is 51 years old -- but she certainly does n't look it , particularly in the eyes of one youngster . Watch the video :	How does ISIS govern ? Robert Downey Jr. is n't the only celebrity to walk out of an interview
CNN Student News  -- February 18 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Port-au-Prince , Haiti • Miami , Florida • West Valley City , Utah Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : One year after it became law , what is the reaction to the government 's stimulus program ? I 'm Carl Azuz , and this is CNN Student News ! First Up : Stimulus One Year Later AZUZ : An absolute success that 's created or saved millions of jobs . A massive waste that has raised the country 's debt . Two opinions on the very same subject : the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act . Most folks just call it the stimulus plan . It was passed one year ago yesterday with a price tag of around $ 787 billion . That has since been re-estimated at $ 862 billion . The goal was to boost the country 's economy by cutting taxes and through government spending . And that is exactly what President Obama says the stimulus has done . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : One year later it is largely thanks to the Recovery Act that a second Depression is no longer a possibility . It 's one of the main reasons the economy has gone from shrinking by 6 percent to growing at about 6 percent . So far , the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about two million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed . AZUZ : But other people disagree . In a recent CNN poll , nearly three-quarters of the people surveyed think that at least half of the stimulus money spent so far has been wasted . Earlier this week , Republican Representative John Boehner , the House minority leader , said that people , "  are n't getting their money 's worth from the trillion-dollar ` stimulus , ' and struggling families and small businesses are rightly asking ` Where are the jobs ? ' " Blog Promo AZUZ : So in your view , has the stimulus worked ? Got a few comments for you . Sean is saying : "  Without it , we would be struggling in an even deeper recession . " From Leisha : "  What stimulus ? Well , we have seen only more jobs cut and more schools closed in my state . " And Sabrina writes that "  the process takes a long time , so maybe the key points just have n't been fully recognized . " What do you say ? Blog with us from A to Z at CNNStudentNews.com . Toyota Troubles AZUZ : Another story we are following for you today : Toyota -- Japanese carmaker -- says it 's going to hire more quality control workers , do more testing , and get an outside agency to help fix its cars ' problems . The news comes in the middle of a massive recall of more than 8 million Toyota vehicles worldwide . Problems include sudden acceleration brake pedal issues , and some new complaints -- Toyota says fewer than a hundred -- involve the steering in some Corollas , Toyota 's second-most popular model . Later this month , the U.S. Congress is planning hearings to ask Toyota about safety . The company says it will cooperate , and its president has repeatedly apologized . AKIO TOYODA , TOYOTA PRESIDENT -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : Toyota is not perfect . But when we find a problem or are made aware of it , we act as quickly as possible . We are sincerely working on that . As VP Sasaki said , we never covered anything up or ignored any problems . I hope you understand this . TSA Swabs AZUZ : Get your boarding pass . Check in your luggage . Put out your palms . What ? That last one could be what some air travelers hear . The Transportation Security Administration is trying out a new safety check , scanning passengers ' hands for traces of explosives . Experts say there 's a better chance of finding these kinds of materials if you check someone 's hands rather than checking baggage . The goal , of course , is to help increase airline security . The government says that part of the way it does that is by using different kinds of technology , like these hand swabs . A privacy expert says this policy should n't violate passengers ' privacy as long as the scans are conducted randomly . Fast Facts MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for some fast facts ! Haiti and the Dominican Republic make up the Caribbean island of Hispaniola . Spain controlled the island for a time , but Haiti became a French colony in 1697 . The nation gained its independence from France in 1804 . Today , Haiti is home to about 9 million people , and its capital is Port-au-Prince . Haiti Update AZUZ : France controlled Haiti for more than a century , but this week marked the first time that a French president ever visited the country . Nicolas Sarkozy , whom you see on the left here , was in Haiti yesterday . President Sarkozy met with Haitian leaders and toured some of the areas damaged by last month 's earthquake . The French president was expected to announce an aid program for Haiti during his visit . This has been the scene at the airport in Port-au-Prince : planes being used to bring in relief supplies . That could change on Friday , though . American Airlines says it will start flying passenger planes into Haiti . All passenger flights were stopped after the quake hit . One company official said that offering transportation to and from the country will be a major step toward helping Haiti rebuild . Haiti Survivor Story AZUZ : Some Haitians have already left the country ; they were evacuated to hospitals in the U.S. . One of them , a classical musician , had injuries that could have affected his career . But as John Zarrella tells us , a gift from an American singer will help him keep making music . BEGIN VIDEO JOHN ZARRELLA , CNN CORRESPONDENT : For 18 hours , Romel Joseph lay buried in the rubble of his music school in Port-au-Prince . For 18 hours until his rescue , the concert violinist stayed alert and alive going over in his head , one by one , every concerto at every concert hall he 'd ever played . Romel was badly broken . His legs crushed , bones in his left hand shattered . But the concrete that covered him would not , could not kill him . ROMEL JOSEPH , VIOLINIST : I thought my time was up under the ground , and God says no , you have things to do . ZARRELLA : Three weeks ago , we met Romel , who is legally blind , for the first time . He mentioned he 'd like a keyboard to help strengthen the fingers in his left hand so that some day he could again play the violin . Stevie Wonder heard and answered Romel 's request . STEVIE WONDER , SINGER/SONGWRITER : What better way to really express our God 's love than to give something that is special to you to someone else who is in need . So , that 's why I did what I did . ZARRELLA : Wonder 's keyboard was packed and shipped , arriving Tuesday at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital . Romel did n't know it was on the way . ZARRELLA : Romel . JOSEPH : Yes , sir . ZARRELLA : Hey , John Zarrella from CNN . How are you ? JOSEPH : Oh , my goodness . ZARRELLA : It 's so good to see you again . You look terrific . I think we have something for you . JOSEPH : Oh , it came ? ZARRELLA : It came . It 's coming in the door right now . JOSEPH : Oh , my goodness . ZARRELLA : Now , who sent this to you ? Stevie Wonder . JOSEPH : Oh . ZARRELLA : As the keyboard was set up , Romel was carefully moved to a wheelchair . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : The chair is over here . JOSEPH : OK . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : So , I 'm going to have you go sideways . Keep your legs on the bed . ZARRELLA : He sat over the keyboard , his legs , one held together with metal rods , resting on pillows . JOSEPH : I 'll play something . ZARRELLA : He began to play . Of course , a Stevie Wonder song . Even the fingers on his damaged left hand glided across the keys with a gentle touch . Romel will be out of the hospital soon . When that happens , he 'd like nothing more than to play a concert for Haiti . He on the violin and Stevie Wonder on the keyboard . JOSEPH : I mean , you know , nothing is impossible . END VIDEO Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. DeWerff 's American History class at Pawnee High School in Pawnee , Illinois ! How far above the Earth 's surface is the international space station ? Is it : A  100 miles , B  250 miles , C  375 miles or D  1,000 miles ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The international space station orbits the Earth from an altitude of about 250 miles . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Room with a View AZUZ : The astronauts on that station have a brand new window to the world -- seven of them , actually . It 's a new part of the ISS that was installed during a spacewalk yesterday , the third and last planned spacewalk of space shuttle Endeavour 's mission to the international space station . You can see the window covers opening up here . They 're on a cupola , the top part of a new section of the ISS . And this is the view it gives : Earth from 250 miles up . That center window is about 32 inches across . The cupola , designed to give astronauts a better view of spacewalks and other activities outside the ISS . Facebook Promo AZUZ : Well , the big night is tonight . I will be live on Facebook , 7:00 p.m. Eastern , 4:00 p.m. Pacific , answering your questions . Log on and ask away ! The address : Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , this might qualify as a half-baked idea . Everything seems calm at first , but then -- please , y' all , there 's enough cake to go around . There 's actually a matrimonial method to this madness . That is because one of these lucky ladies ended the day with a proposal : her boyfriend using the ring that she found in that cake . It 's valued at around $ 3,100 , which makes this a true karat cake . Goodbye AZUZ : Finding the ring is awesome . The on-the-spot proposal , just the frosting on the cake . CNN Student News returns tomorrow , but we hope to hear from you tonight at Facebook ! I 'm Carl Azuz .	Consider the impact of the stimulus package one year after it became law Hear how a special gift is helping one Haitian quake victim 's recovery Check out what Earth looks like through the ISS 's new window to the world Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Satellite images of North Korea 's Yongbyon nuclear facility have again raised questions about whether the country has restarted its plutonium production reactor -- regarded by western experts as a key component in the development of a nuclear weapon . Researchers from U.S.-based groups examined satellite images from August 31 . They showed two columns of steam rising from a building , believed to house the reactor 's steam turbines and electric generators . The steam indicates that the reactor is in or nearing operation , wrote Nick Hansen and Jeffrey Lewis , in a 38 North blog post , a program of the U.S.-Korea Institute at SAIS . Work to reopen the reactor progressed throughout this spring and summer , they wrote . "  This is something they  North Koreans  very much need to arm their arsenal , and that is really linked into what they see as marketing power on the international plane , " Jasper Kim , founder of Asia-Pacific Global Research Group , told CNN . "  Without this type of nuclear capability , or at least the perception of the threat of having nuclear capabilities , North Korea really has few bargaining chips . " But Pyongyang has gone down this path before . First completed in the 1980s , North Korea agreed to shut the Yongbyon facility in 1994 after backing down from a threat to withdraw from the nuclear nonproliferation treaty . It restarted the reactor in 2002 , before it was once again disabled in 2007 after a six-party agreement between China , the United States , North and South Korea , Japan and Russia . In April this year , North Korea stated that it would be "  readjusting and restarting all the nuclear facilities " in Yongbyon , which includes the uranium enrichment plant and the reactor , the country 's state-run news agency KCNA said . "  This work will be put into practice without delay , " the North Korean report stated at the time . Analysts say it appears North Korea has fulfilled its word . David Albright and Robert Avagyan , from the Institute for Science and International Security , examined the latest satellite images and agreed the venting appeared most likely connected to the operation of the reactor . They also wrote last month that North Korea appeared to have greatly expanded a building used in the uranium enrichment process . The expansions and developments "  provide North Korea with the ability to expand its stocks of plutonium , as well as produce more highly enriched uranium for nuclear weapons , " wrote Albright and Avagyan . They estimated that North Korea would likely need two to three years to produce plutonium , which is essential in creating nuclear weapons . "  There remains time to negotiate a shutdown of the reactor before North Korea can use any of this new plutonium in nuclear weapons " they added . "  If a shutdown is achieved in the next six months , the reactor would have produced very little plutonium . "	Researchers point to steam at North Korean facility They write that it 's a sign that the reactor is near or in operation North Korea has opened , shut , re-opened , reshut this reactor before North Korea said in April it would restart nuclear facility in April
CNN  -- For more than 50 years , the United States has had an embargo against the island of Cuba , all because we supposedly hate communism and believe the nation 90 miles from our borders should institute democracy . As the GOP candidates battle it out for votes in Florida 's primary election on Tuesday , the subject of Cuba has come up in a couple of debates . Nearly all the candidates , except for Texas Rep. Ron Paul , have sounded ridiculous trying to defend what is clearly a failed policy , all in an effort to curry favor among the large population of Cuban voters in the state . Take , for instance , Newt Gingrich . The former speaker of the House was his usual fire-breathing self in the NBC-National Journal debate when he called on the United States to authorize regime change to get Fidel and Raul Castro out of their positions as leaders of the country . "  I would suggest to you the policy of the United States should be aggressively to overthrow the regime and to do everything we can to support those Cubans who want freedom , " Gingrich said . "  You know , Obama is very infatuated with an Arab Spring . He does n't seem to be able to look 90 miles south of the United States to have a Cuban Spring . "  So I would try to put in place a very aggressive policy of reaching out to every single Cuban who would like to be free , helping network them together , reaching out to the younger generation inside the dictatorship , and indicating they do n't have a future as a dictatorship because a Gingrich presidency will not tolerate four more years of this dictatorship . " In what was the most ridiculous comment of the night , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum said that if Cuba were China in terms of its geographical proximity to the United States , he would be just as against the country . "  This is an important doctrine of the United States to make sure that our hemisphere and those who are close to us are -- are folks that we can and should deal with , " Santorum said . "  And right now , we have and have had for 50 years a dictatorship in Cuba . We 've had sanctions on them . They should continue . They should continue until the Castros are dead , and then we should make it very clear that if you want mountains of aid , if you want normal relationships , if you want to improve your economy , if you want to have the opportunity for freedom , that the United States stands ready now to embrace you now that you 've gotten rid of these tyrants who -- who have controlled you for these 50-plus years . That 's why the sanctions have to stay in place , because we need to have a -- a very solid offer to come forward and help the Cuban people . " Seriously ? Is it possible for us to have a grown-folks conversation here ? There is no logical reason that candidates should deplore normalizing relations with Cuba , while we do whatever we can to help China . Hmmm , let 's see . Cuba is a communist country . China is a communist country . The people of Cuba are n't living in a democratic system . The people of China are n't living in a democratic system . Yet China has been granted most favored nation status , allowing the free flow of goods back and forth . Sorry , Rick , that has nothing to do with proximity . It 's all about China being a great outpost for U.S. businesses , and the fact that the communist country is essentially the banker of America , owning hundreds of billions of dollars of our debt . Santorum wants to suggest that Cuba is in bed with Nicaragua and Venezuela , and they are in alignment with Iran , helping potential terrorists . Last I checked , we have relations with Russia , and they do huge business with Iran . We despise North Korea , yet China does a lot of business with North Korea . Folks , I 'm fully supportive of democracy , and we should be preaching that gospel wherever we go . But there is no way I can believe that thawing our relationship with Cuba will somehow harm America . The Cuban-American community is loud , has major political clout and writes big checks , mainly to the GOP . But surely it 's time for the adults to admit that the embargo has not forced Castro out of office , and all it has done is give him the best bogeyman he could get when talking to Cuban citizens . The United States should step up and end the embargo against Cuba and recognize that having real and substantive relationships with the nation could spur the democracy we say we want . "  I think it 's time ... to quit this isolation business of not talking to people , " Paul said . "  We talked to the Soviets . We talk to the Chinese . And we opened up trade , and we 're not killing each other now . We fought with the Vietnamese for a long time . We finally gave up , started talking to them , now we trade with them . I do n't know why -- why the Cuban people should be so intimidating . "  I think we 're living in the dark ages when we ca n't even talk to the Cuban people . I think it 's not 1962 anymore . And we do n't have to use force and intimidation and overthrow of a -- in governments . I just do n't think that 's going to work . " It 's time that the GOP candidates and officials in both parties stop the political pandering to Cuban Americans and say that if we want a free Cuba , it can begin with ending a senseless and failed embargo . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Roland Martin notes Cuba has come up as issue in Florida GOP primary race The candidates have looked silly defending America 's failed Cuba policy , he says Martin says only Ron Paul has the right idea about Cuba
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- An American held by Colombian rebels for more than three months will be released "  imminently , " U.S. civil rights leader Jesse Jackson said Saturday after meeting in Cuba with rebel leaders . FARC guerrillas captured U.S Army veteran Kevin Scott Sutay on June 20 while he was traveling in Colombia . Jackson said FARC invited him to Havana , where the group has been holding peace talks with the Colombian government since last October . "  It 's a humanitarian gesture of their own volition , demanding nothing in return , " Jackson said at a news conference in the Cuban capital . "  I consider it as a gesture to reinforce the peace negotiation . " FARC guerrillas said in a statement Saturday they had previously offered to free Sutay but that "  the Colombian government did not provide the minimum necessary conditions we need for this procedure . " There was no immediate comment from the U.S. State Department . Colombian officials previously said they feared FARC would use Sutay 's release to garner media coverage . Jackson said he hopes the Red Cross in Colombia will provide a helicopter to remove Sutay from the remote area of the country where he is being held and that the Colombian government will designate the area a cease-fire zone during his release . Despite the 10-month old peace talks , the Colombian government has resisted calls for a cease-fire with guerrillas , saying the rebels have used previous cease-fires to strengthen their forces . Sutay served in the U.S. Army from November 2009 to March 2013 . He served in Afghanistan for a year starting in November 2010 , according to the U.S. Defense Department . He is from Willow Spring , North Carolina , and won a number of awards , including an Army Commendation Medal and a National Defense Service Medal . The Pentagon lists his rank as private . Despite Sutay 's military background , Jackson said the Army veteran had peaceful motives for visiting Colombia . "  The fact is , he is a tourist , " Jackson said . FARC , whose name in Spanish is the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , began fighting the government in the 1960s , making it Latin America 's oldest guerrilla force . There have been sporadic peace talks between the rebels and the government since the 1980s . The last attempt failed in 2002 . CNN 's Jessica King and Melissa Gray contributed to this report .	NEW : Jackson says the release would be a ` humanitarian gesture of their own volition " U.S. civil rights leader Jesse Jackson says he 's helping to facilitate the release Kevin Scott Sutay was captured by FARC rebels in June He is a U.S. Army veteran who served in Afghanistan
CNN  -- It always made me laugh to hear stories about the insanity that would go on between Robin Williams and Gilbert Gottfried during the making of the movie "  Aladdin . " The truth was Robin and I did n't bump into each other once during the making of that film . I recorded the Parrot role , and he recorded the Genie separately . So when I saw the film for the first time at the premiere , I was able to laugh along with the rest of the audience at Robin 's performance . I had never heard it before . Where I did run into Robin quite often was in the place where he was most at home , in the comedy clubs . Robin would pop into places like Catch a Rising Star and the Improv in New York , would run onstage and just explode . I remember in particular one night , back in those days , when he was hot from his TV hit , "  Mork and Mindy , " and I was n't yet well-known . I was just building a reputation in comedy circles , and I was about to go up onstage at the Improv . I was standing in the section right outside the restroom where the comics waited to be introduced onstage . All of a sudden , the club door opened and Robin popped in . The people in charge of the club said , "  OK , we 're putting Robin on next . " I could n't really argue with that ; he was certainly a bigger name than I was . But to my amazement , Robin told them , "  I have a bunch of people in the audience tonight , and I would really like to make sure they see Gilbert first . " Opinion : Robin Williams ca n't be dead I went up onstage . I did quite well and as I walked offstage , Robin came up to me wiping his eyes from laughing and said to me , "  Oh Gilbert , you really baked my cookies . " I of course took this as a strange sexual double entendre , and I always do , but Robin meant it as a sincere compliment . He was a fixture of the comedy club scene back then , one of the celebs who 'd pop in to try out material , or in Robin 's case , just burst out with any craziness that would pop into his head . But he was also generous to his fellow stand-up comedians : There were a number of times when Robin was onstage and I was at the club , and he would call out to me and invite me to play with him onstage . Riffing with Robin Williams was extremely invigorating -- and extremely exhausting . I knew I had to be on my toes every second . And when we would actually connect onstage , it was electric for me . Patients ' families remember Robin Williams as ` comedic Mother Teresa ' To see Robin perform was an experience . He was more than a comedian . He was a comedy force of nature . I remember hearing that Robin was once doing a press junket in Germany . One of the reporters asked him , "  Why is it that Germany is not known for comedy ? " Robin answered , "  Well , you killed all your funny people . " I laughed out loud when I heard that . I thought , how sick and how wonderfully truthful . When I heard the news of Robin 's passing , it was a double shock . It was stunning that he was now gone and that , according to police , it was apparently suicide . I 've known people who have committed suicide , and my shock always reveals how little I knew about them . Robin had spoken in the press about his substance abuse issues over the years , and he was dealing with it in rehab . I had heard at one point he was prescribed pills and that he did n't want to take them because he was afraid it would interfere with his comic creativity . I thought , when I heard that , of his idol , Jonathan Winters . Robin worshipped the comedian , who died last year . Winters had his own problems and also was afraid medicating would interfere with his comic creativity . Complete coverage on Robin Williams I ca n't say that I had a close relationship with Robin -- it was mainly kibitzing back and forth in the clubs . The few times we 'd have a conversation that would become serious , he or both of us would quickly veer off into jokes or silliness . Now , in retrospect , it may have been that Robin joked so much and was always "  on " perhaps to hide something . Of course , that 's just dime-store psychology . The last memory I have of him was a benefit that comedian Bob Saget was organizing at the comedy club Carolines on Broadway to raise consciousness about scleroderma . It was a fun night . Jimmy Fallon was there performing , as was Robin and myself . After the show , Billy Crystal stopped by . He had been doing a show and was unable to make the benefit . He and Robin greeted each other . Then Robin came over and spoke to me . We chatted for a little bit , and Robin said to me , "  Would you like to join us ? We 're going out for dessert . " The three of us went to one of these showbiz bar-restaurants in Times Square . It was the middle of the night , and we sat eating our desserts and exchanging comedy showbiz stories , memories and anecdotes . There was a lot of laughing -- a good time . On our way out of the place , we passed by another table where , surprisingly , comedy great Mel Brooks was sitting . I did n't know Mel , so Billy and Robin both approached him and were talking to him , and I stood off to the side . Robin Williams and the dark side of comedy Robin went out of his way to tell Mel how funny I was at the benefit . He repeated some of my jokes and Mel laughed . This was once again Robin proving what a generous person he was . Later , out in the street as he got in a cab , Billy yelled to me , half-jokingly , but quite truthfully , "  I guess we 'll talk in another 30 years . " I was left on the dark street with Robin . He told me he was going to a meeting for substance abuse . We said one or two more things and laughed and then we hugged each other . Afterward , Robin warmly said , "  Bye , " and I stood there as he turned around and walked off into the darkness .	Gilbert Gottfried and Robin Williams did voices for "  Aladdin " but did n't bump into each other They did meet in comedy clubs , where Williams was at home , generous to others , he says It was always invigorating , exhausting performing together , Gottfried says Gottfried : Last memory of Williams was a night out in New York , where he was gracious
Your first view of Kamilo Beach on Hawaii 's Big Island is of majestic rock , postcard-worthy waves and miles of uninhabited beach . But look closer at the sand and you see specks of blue , yellow and white plastic . A piece of a bottle cap . A corner of a milk crate . Half a toothbrush . Kamilo Beach is part of the devastating legacy of the March 2011 Japan tsunami . "  It 's disheartening to come out here and see all this marine debris in an area that 's otherwise so remote , debris that 's washing up from other countries , " said Megan Lamson , debris project coordinator for the Hawaii Wildlife Fund . Hawaii is in a unique geographical spot , the center of the Pacific Ocean , to witness the impact of the Japan tsunami . Debris swirls from Asia to the continental United States through Hawaii . The islands are , in effect , a comb of the Pacific . The nonprofit Hawaii Wildlife Fund said marine debris has been a problem for years for the island state and tsunami debris has made things worse . According to Japan , 1.5 million tons of tsunami debris floated away . The wildlife fund organizes beach cleanups along Hawaii 's shorelines and struggles to keep up with the marine debris , made up primarily of plastic . Lamson pulled out part of a beer crate that read "  Exclusively for Kirin Beer " in Japanese . She also found a Suntory Whisky bottle stamped "  Japan . " Lamson also found a small vitamin drink container with Japanese text . Since fall , the wildlife fund and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration have found refrigerators , freezers , buoys and even an intact fishing boat , all with Japanese text . But most disturbing to Lamson are a couple of soft plastic bottles with bite marks . "  Marine life in the ocean are mistaking plastic for their natural food , " Lamson said . Lamson may suspect it , but Lesley Jantz , a NOAA fishery biologist with the observer program , can confirm it . Jantz has been studying the impact of marine debris in fish . In her lab , Jantz sliced open the stomach of a lancetfish for CNN . You may never have heard of the lancetfish , a sometimes 4 - to 6-foot long fish with enormous teeth . But bigeye and yellow fin tuna eat lancetfish . Tuna ends up on our plates . Jantz pulled out a 12 by 12 piece of indigestible black plastic . "  It would be difficult to pass through the system , " said Jantz . "  I 've found several fish with the same black plastic bag , just like this , even larger . If it gets to a certain size , the fish is going to feel like it 's full . " Jantz conducted a study that included 64 fish of varying species . Twelve percent of them , she said , contained plastic . When she looked just at lancetfish , 45 % had plastic . "  One concern that we have and do n't know is if any chemicals from the plastic are absorbed into the tissue of the fish , which is a problem if consumed by a fish that we consume . That 's definitely the next step , what is the impact ? " Across the island in David Hyrenbach 's lab , the impact of plastic debris is apparent among the animal species he studies : birds . Hyrenbach cut open the bellies of some albatross for CNN . Plastic pieces spilled out of the belly of a 2-month-old albatross . Eighty percent of the stomach was packed with plastic . Hyrenbach , an assistant professor of oceanography at Hawaii Pacific University , pulled out a small bottle top . "  Toothpaste top ? " he said . "  No , cap of a medicine tube . " He reached into the stomach again . "  Oh , it 's a brush , you see ? " There were the unmistakable bristles of a hairbrush . "  Morally , this is terrible . How is this possible ? Majestic , far ranging , beautiful birds , in a pristine place of the pacific , the northwest Hawaiian islands , you open them up and this is what you find , " said Hyrenbach . He grabbed a box , packed with toy soldiers , lighters and brushes . He explained that he pulled all the items out of albatross from Hawaii . "  Every bird I looked at had plastic . Some had a little bit . Some had a lot . Everybody we looked at had plastic . " NOAA said most of the debris affecting the island can not be tracked to any particular country , even Japan , because the plastic is often so weathered and broken by the time it hits Hawaii . "  We do n't really know the full impact of this type of debris . It adds to an existing problem that we have across the world , " said NOAA Pacific Islands Regional Coordinator Carey Morishige . "  But it is quite eerie to see an item you think may have come from Japan , someone 's home , to sit on a beach thousands of miles away . It brings home the fact beyond the marine debris issue this is first and foremost a human tragedy . " It should serve as a reminder , Morishige said , that "  the land and the oceans are incredibly connected . "	Debris apparently from 2011 Japan tsunami is washing ashore in Hawaii Hawaii Wildlife Fund organizes beach cleanups NOAA has been studying the effects of debris on fish
In a rare public talk via the Web , fugitive NSA leaker Edward Snowden urged a tech conference audience Monday to help "  fix " the U.S. government 's surveillance of its citizens . He spoke via teleconference from Russia to an audience of thousands at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival in Austin . The event marked the first time the former National Security Agency contractor has directly addressed people in the United States since he fled the country with thousands of secret documents last June . In response to a question , Snowden said he had no regrets about his decision to leak the NSA documents , which showed the intelligence agency has conducted secret monitoring of Americans ' phone and Internet behavior in the name of national security . "  Would I do it again ? Absolutely . Regardless of what happens to me , this is something we had a right to , " he said . "  I took an oath to support and defend the Constitution . And I saw the Constitution was being violated on a massive scale , " he added , to applause from the 3,000 people in the auditorium at the Austin Convention Center . "  South by Southwest and the tech community , the people in the room in Austin , they 're the folks who can fix this , " Snowden said earlier . "  There 's a political response that needs to occur , but there 's also a tech response that needs to occur . " He appeared on video screens with a copy of the U.S. Constitution as a backdrop . The live stream was slow , repeatedly freezing Snowden 's image onscreen . The pair of American Civil Liberties Union lawyers who hosted the discussion said Snowden 's video , ultimately delivered via Google Hangouts , was streamed through several routers for security . Snowden also said Internet users need more awareness , and better tools , to help them secure their online information from prying eyes . While tech geeks may have no problem using encryption tools to scramble their messages or accessing the more-private "  deep Web " via clients like Tor , Snowden said the average Web user should be able to access similar protections . "  This is something that people have to be able to interact with , and the way we interact with it now is not that good , " he said . Snowden took questions from two moderators -- the ACLU 's Chris Sogohian and Ben Wizner , his legal counsel -- from the audience , and from Twitter . The first , fittingly , came from Tim Berners-Lee , who created the World Wide Web 25 years ago this week . Berners-Lee asked Snowden what he would change about the nation 's surveillance system . "  We need public oversight ... some way for trusted public figures to advocate for us . We need a watchdog that watches Congress , because if we 're not informed , we ca n't consent to these  government  policies . " Asked about the difference between government surveillance and snooping by private Internet companies , Snowden said he considers government surveillance more insidious because "  the government has the ability to deprive you of rights . They can jail you . " Snowden , a former CIA employee and NSA contractor who fled the United States after leaking details of the American government 's spy programs , was granted temporary asylum in Russia last year . He faces felony charges of espionage and theft of government property in the United States , and he has said he wo n't return until the U.S. changes its whistleblower protection laws . Reaction among SXSW audience members to Snowden 's comments appeared mixed . "  I think it was right on , " said Michael Chalcraft , a retired software entrepreneur from Seattle . "  There 's always a balance between what the government should know about us and what we would expect to be private . "  If we 're not constantly protecting that privacy , then we give it up . " But Megan Betterman , a health-care marketer from Minneapolis , did n't hear everything she wanted from Snowden . "  I wanted to hear about what his life is like there  in Russia  , and whether he 'll ever come back to the U.S. , " she said . "  It  his talk  was very encryption-heavy . " More than 30,000 attendees are currently in Austin for the 10-day SXSW festival , which began Friday and wraps on March 16 . The Texas Tribune , a nonprofit media organization , live streamed the session . Also scheduled to speak at the tech-themed conference Monday afternoon -- although in person -- was journalist and civil-liberties lawyer Glenn Greenwald , who broke the story about Snowden 's leaks of classified NSA documents . Snowden 's call for developers to create secure , private networks for their users is less of a no-brainer at South by Southwest than it may have once been . Having emerged from the counter-culture of the early Web , SXSW Interactive has exploded in recent years as more businesses have sought to tap into successful startups ' millions of users . In the same Austin convention hall where Snowden called for new privacy tools , other sessions were helping entrepreneurs learn how to make money with the data they collect about the users of their products .	"  Would I do it again ? Absolutely , " Edward Snowden says of leaking documents "  We need a watchdog that watches Congress , " the NSA leaker says from Russia "  There 's a political response that needs to occur , " but also "  a tech response " He speaks via teleconference to SXSW tech conference in Texas
CNN  -- On a cooler-than-usual summer evening in Los Angeles , Nick Carter , Howie Dorough , Brian Littrell , A.J. McClean and Kevin Richardson -- aka the Backstreet Boys -- got back to what made them famous : singing and dancing in front of hoards of screaming  mostly female  pop music fans . The free concert closed out The Grove 's 2013 Summer Concert Series , a month-long promotion that included performances by Sara Evans and Capital Cities in previous weeks . The Boys ' 35-minute set attracted 17,500 fans . The performance comes just one day after the release of the band 's latest studio album , "  In A World Like This " -- they released two additional albums without Kevin Richardson -- and continues their 20th anniversary celebration , which includes receiving a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame , an upcoming documentary film and a world tour that kicks off Friday , August 2 in Chicago . With more than 130-million album sales worldwide , the Backstreet Boys know they are the best-selling boy band of all time , but they also know this one-time golden statistic has , to a degree , lost its sheen amid the music 's industry 's new measures of success : ticket sales , sponsorships , downloads , clicks , tweets and Likes . By this standard , the Boys are not quite back . With ages ranging from 33  Carter  to 41  Richardson  , any one of the Backstreet Boys could have been Justin Bieber 's much older brother , if not his father -- and it 's not missed on the guys just how big a difference one generation can make . In a candid and revealing turn , the men of the Backstreet Boys offer their take on music in the age of YouTube , react to the "  haters " and explain why starting their careers in schools , malls and pet stores was just right for them . CNN : Describe your new album in a word . Brian Littrell : Growth . Howie Dorough : Timeless . A.J. McLean : Truth . Nick Carter : Comfortable . Kevin Richardson : Inspired . CNN : You have a lot of fans -- and a lot of haters out there . What do you say to those that question your cool factor , relevance and place in the music industry ? Carter : We never thought we were cool . Richardson : We never claimed to be cool . McLean : We never said that . Carter : We 're just guys that love music . Richardson : We love music . We do what we love and have fun and enjoy it , and put out positive vibes and energy . Yeah man , just create ! Carter : We worked hard to get where we are now . We busted our asses . It 's been 20 years , you know ? The grassroots approach starting overseas . Starting in Germany when America did n't want to have any association with us . Littrell : There was no Internet , you know ? You could n't just toss your music up in the air and let it stick somewhere . CNN : Things were very different in the music business 20 years ago . What 's been the biggest challenge ? Richardson : If you want to have a long career in this industry , it 's a given that there will be waves -- highs and lows -- like a boat rocking on the ocean . It goes up and down and up and down . Knowing that and working through it and riding through it is what sustains you . As well as your fans . McLean : We do n't ever settle . We always try to set new goals for every album cycle . From the music to the producers to what we actually want to sing about , write about . And keep trying to push the limits of who we are and who we want to keep being and grow into . Backstreet Boys will never settle . CNN : Your first album came out in 1996 , but you 're calling this your 20-year anniversary . What happened in ' 93 ? Richardson : That 's when we formed . We got signed in ' 94 , beginning of ' 95 , but the five of us got together in ' 93 . Between when we got together and when we got signed , we went on the road and did a school tour in a van . There are still people who come up to us on the street and say , "  You performed at my elementary school in Pennsylvania when I was 7 years old ! " We did n't play in bars to build our fan base , we played high schools , middle schools , elementary schools . McLean : Grand opening of pet stores ! You name it ! Richardson : The parking lot of a car dealership . We did it . Wherever we could play and get exposure . Wherever we could sing a cappella and show people that we 're not just pretty faces , we actually have talent , we can sing . We sing with passion , we sing with soul and we love to sing . That 's what we did . CNN : That was your YouTube back then . Richardson : Yeah , we got discovered via a VHS tape to a record label . Now people are uploading videos on the Internet and that 's how they get discovered . CNN : Do you have an opinion about which way is harder ? Carter : It 's all relative . We 're not taking away from people 's hard work nowadays , it 's just a different world . I ca n't relate necessarily . I can only say what we 've gone through . But , the social media with YouTube and everything , it does give people an opportunity to expose yourself and if you have talent it will come out . I think that 's a great thing . If we had had that back then , who knows ? Dorough : But it was during that time that we were developing . Richardson : We were growing . We were learning who we are . Carter : I think the fact that we took our time getting around the world , that 's one of the other reasons why we 're able to be here and have this staying power . Because sometimes the social media , it 's so fast , that people get it , but to hold on to it , it is n't there . CNN : Any last words ? Richardson : Ultimately , we just want to say that our fans -- number one -- is why we 're still here . Read more : One Direction star signs football deal	Backstreet Boys are celebrating their 20th anniversary They are the best-selling boy band of all time Their new album is in stores now , and a tour starts today
CNN  -- We just ca n't leave well-enough alone . In 1960 , the movie "  Scent of Mystery " opened in theaters , marking the first and only official attempt at Smell-O-Vision , in which strategic odors were emitted during the film from little pipes near the seats . At the time , it was big thinking and an interesting draw for moviegoers , sort of like the collective asthma attack everyone developed a few years ago for modern 3-D . Which I think most of us will now agree is more trouble than it 's worth . Like wearing pants . Before Smell-O-Vision , other motion pictures had unsuccessfully tried to use aromas in disjointed and haphazard ways . But in "  Scent of Mystery , " new , specific patented technology was developed to actually drive the plot . And that had n't been done before . Fortunately , the storyline had nothing to do with Peter Lorre getting sick from bad oysters . Though the reviews might 've been interesting . "  I liked it up until the 30-minute bathroom scene . Two stars . " "  Scent of Mystery " was eventually de-odorized and retitled "  Holiday in Spain , " at which point Smell-O-Vision was neatly tucked away in the vault of American bad ideas . It now shares that space with game footage from the XFL . But more than 60 years later , a startup company in Japan is bringing back the Smell-O-Vision concept for a smaller screen . Specifically , the one on your phone . Sexting just got way more interesting . They call this thing ChatPerf , and it 's a thumb-drive-sized atomizer that plugs into your mobile device so it can be triggered to release specific odors on command . However , the major design limitation is that it can release only one specific fragrance from whatever scent tank you happen to have inserted into the atomizer . So God help you if you suddenly want to smell "  Summer Flowers " but accidentally left the house with "  Larry the Cable Guy Doing Situps . " Git-R-Done ! Holding but one fragrance tank at a time definitely steals some of the potential fun , for it also seems unlikely that you could remotely sneak attack a friend who 's on a first date , digitally wafting his table with the putrid stink of rotten eggs . Not that it would necessarily change things . "  Um , Jarrett , did you just pass gas ? " "  Yes . Yes , I did . " Naturally , this new little gizmo is still in development , but they hope to have it out in markets by the fall for both iPhone and Android . Which , sadly , will be months too late for strategically teaming up with Bonnaroo so tech-savvy music fans can olfactorily brag to everyone back home with the familiar summer festival smell of a hot Port-O-John . "  Sounds like Heather is having fun . " "  Do n't you mean smells like Heather is having fun ? " "  Ha ha ha ! Yes . We have indoor plumbing . " But the sky seems to be the limit for ChatPerf , so long as we agree that the sky is rather low and remarkably pointless . That said , the company is being smart and releasing a software development kit to encourage outsiders to hack away at new , creative uses for different smells . So , you never know . Perhaps there 's hope for something interesting . I just ca n't think of what that might be . Nevertheless , Team ChatPerf thinks there are possibilities ranging from the pleasant to the completely absurd . For instance , they excitedly ponder the possibility of concert venues handing out tanks of sweat for fans to truly experience the closeness of their favorite performer on stage . Clearly , they 've never been to a Meatloaf concert . One somewhat practical application , they say , might also be for game play , where , say , a shooting game could be programmed to release the smell of gunpowder . Or a driving game might enhance the experience with burning rubber . Come to think of it , maybe even World of Warcraft could be designed to smell like your mom 's basement . You know , just in case you happen to emerge from the darkness to play the game somewhere else . Not that you 'd want to . At least it has indoor plumbing .	ChatPerf attaches to mobile devices and can be triggered to emit odors Smell-O-Vision was used in movie theaters in 1960 Developers hope to make it available in the fall
CNN  -- International leaders expressed shock and dismay Monday over the Israeli Navy 's pre-dawn storming of a flotilla of ships carrying humanitarian aid for Gaza that resulted in nine deaths . The situation rapidly escalated from a deadly incident at sea to a major diplomatic international crisis . "  I condemn the violence , and Israel must explain , " said United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , speaking in Uganda after the official opening of the International Criminal Court Review Conference . In New York , the Security Council met in emergency session to discuss the matter . The Israeli Foreign Ministry said the flotilla was trying to circumvent Israel 's naval blockade of Gaza and defended its move as justified . "  This happened after numerous warnings from Israel and the Israel navy that were issued prior to the action , " it said in a posting on its website . "  During the interception of the ships , the demonstrators on board attacked the IDF naval personnel with live fire and light weaponry including knives and clubs . " Q&A on Israel 's Gaza blockade But Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad said there was no excuse for an attack "  by armed forces on a humanitarian convoy . " "  The Palestinian government strongly condemns this crime , which portrays , once again , Israeli disrespect for the lives of innocent civilians , and its disrespect for international law , " Fayyad said . Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas called for three days of mourning in the Palestinian territories , while Saeb Erakat , the chief Palestinian negotiator , said the attack was "  on civilians who came from all over the world peacefully with wheelchairs and food supplies and medical supplies . " International response was overwhelmingly critical . Sami Abu Zuhri , a spokesman for Hamas , said : "  The Israeli occupation tries to deny this massacre by saying that the activists on the boat are from Hamas and Muslim Brotherhood and this is a lying campaign , because the activists are international activists . " The U.N. urged Israel to take no further steps that could endanger civilian lives . "  We wish to make clear that such tragedies are entirely avoidable if Israel heeds the repeated calls of the international community to end its counterproductive and unacceptable blockade of Gaza , " said a joint statement from Robert Serry , U.N. special coordinator for the Middle East peace process , and Filippo Grandi , commissioner general of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency . White House Spokesman Bill Burton said the United States "  deeply regrets the loss of life and injuries sustained and is currently working to understand the circumstances surrounding this tragedy . " That did not impress Namik Tan , the Turkish ambassador to the United States , who called the U.S. response "  sort of weak . " Tan called the attack "  unacceptable " and an "  act of piracy " and said he "  expects a strong reaction from the United States . " Asked what Turkey wants the United States to do on any potential statement or censure from the Security Council , the ambassador said the question was too "  hypothetical . " He added , however , "  Israel should not get away with this . " Turkey has long been Israel 's only real Muslim friend in the Middle East . In Istanbul , demonstrators tried to storm the high-rise building in which the Israeli Consulate is located . "  Zionist dogs ! " some chanted . Indonesia condemned the Israeli raid , saying in a statement that the blockade against Gaza "  constitutes a violation of international law . " The government of Indonesia "  will work closely with the international community to ensure that Israel is held accountable for its action in accordance with international law , " it said . In Damascus , Syria , a senior adviser to President Bashar al-Assad , Buthaina Shaaban , called the attack "  a terrorist crime against innocent civilians and supporters of the Palestinian people who had no weapons , no armaments with them . " Moscow condemned the action as a "  gross " violation of international law , according to the Interfax news agency . "  Condemnation and deep anxiety are being expressed in Moscow , primarily in view of the fact that some of the participants in the humanitarian convoy were killed or injured , " the Foreign Ministry said in a news release , according to Interfax . Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak condemned Israel 's use of force as "  excessive and unjustified . " Former Prime Minister Tony Blair , an envoy to the Middle East on behalf of the so-called Quartet , a group of nations working toward peace in the region , called for a "  full investigation " and said in a statement : "  I repeat my view that we need a different and better way of helping the people of Gaza and avoiding the hardship and tragedy that is inherent in the present situation . " A number of nations , including Italy , France , Greece and Sweden , summoned their ambassadors to explain . According to CNN Swedish affiliate TV4 , 11 Swedes were among the activists aboard the ships . In addition , three members of Germany 's Die Linke party were among those on the boat where nine people were killed , the party said Monday . German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle called for a "  thorough and transparent investigation " and called for border crossings to be opened to humanitarian aid convoys . "  I hope that the tragic events of last night will not make even more difficult the indirect talks between Israelis and Palestinians which have begun , " he said . "  We believe it vital that this process go forward . " Norway 's Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said Norwegian citizens were aboard the convoy and called for an independent international inquiry "  as soon as possible . " After meeting with the Israeli ambassador , the Greek Foreign Ministry said that the visit of the Israeli Joint Chiefs -- scheduled for Tuesday -- was being postponed , and that the Greek-Israeli military exercise that was in progress had been discontinued . A Greek Foreign Affairs Ministry official could not say how many Greeks were aboard the six ships in the flotilla . Turkey recalled its ambassador from Israel , canceled three planned military exercises with the Israeli military and called home its youth national football team , which had two games scheduled in Israel , said Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc . "  This operation will leave a bloody stain on the history of humanity , " he said . Protests occurred Monday outside the Israeli Embassy in Istanbul , Turkey . Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri predicted the raid would inflame the region . "  Lebanon strongly condemns this attack and calls on the international community , and specifically on the major countries which are supposed to be responsible about the peace process , to take action in order to stop this continuous violation of human rights , which is putting the international peace at risk , " Hariri said . Pakistan said it was concerned about the well-being and whereabouts of two journalists who were aboard the flotilla . "  The government of Pakistan strongly condemns the use of brazen force by Israel against a humanitarian mission that was embarked on delivering humanitarian aid to the Palestinian people in Gaza , " the country 's foreign ministry said . "  The killing of members of this humanitarian mission , which also included women , is brutal , inhuman and constitutes a flagrant violation of international law and norms . " In a statement on its website , the Kingdom of Bahrain said it "  strongly condemns the Israeli navy 's barbaric attack . " The Vatican said it was following the situation "  with great attention and concern . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Cal Perry contributed to this story .	Egypt 's Mubarak calls action "  excessive and unjustified " Turkey calls raid "  a bloody stain on the history of humanity " U.N. calls for Israel to end "  counterproductive and unacceptable blockade of Gaza " British Foreign Office seeking "  urgent clarification "
February 12 , 2015 For the first time in 13 years , a U.S. president is asking Congress to formally authorize military force . Find out what 's in the plan and why it 's uncertain whether lawmakers will approve it . Other headlines : The U.S. has moved all embassy personnel out of Yemen , a Little League team loses its championship title , and we define the insanity defense and its limits in U.S. court cases . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Cairo  CNN  -- Raging clashes between police and protesters in Egypt on Saturday left two people dead and 750 injured , the Health Ministry reported , prompting a call from a prominent grass-roots group for citizens to resist the military-led government . The April 6 Movement , which figured prominently in the toppling of President Hosni Mubarak this year , issued a statement urging its members to descend on Cairo 's Tahrir Square "  immediately because resistance is the only solution . " "  Down with military rule , " the movement said . The fighting erupted earlier in the day when police worked to clear the area of people who remained in the square after Friday 's massive protests in Tahrir . Tens of thousands of Egyptians turned out Friday to protest plans for a constitution that would shield the military from public oversight . As evening came Saturday , police blanketed the square and fired tear gas . The security forces soon withdrew and stationed themselves at the Interior Ministry . Warning shots were heard throughout the day . Thousands of protesters remained at the scene . They chanted against the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which rules Egypt , and Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , the head of the council who is effectively the interim ruler of Egypt . Protesters threw Molotov cocktails and rocks and torched a police van . Scuffles broke out on side streets and clouds of smoke rose from burned tires , witnesses said . Clashes between protesters and police also reportedly broke out in the cities of Suez and Alexandria . Two people died after being shot -- one in Cairo , one in Alexandria -- said Adel al-Dawi , a spokesman for the Health Ministry . State media reported that 750 people were injured , citing the Health Ministry . The Interior Ministry also said 20 police officers have been injured and eight people have been arrested . "  We sent hundreds of Central Security Police Forces and forced out the remaining several hundred protesters who refused to go home . We arrested four thieves and thugs who acted aggressively and beefed up security in and around square overnight , " Interior spokesman Alaa Mahmoud said earlier Saturday . The Cabinet held an emergency meeting to discuss the recent clashes and warned they could have a dangerous impact on Egypt , state media said . The Friday throng , dominated by Islamist parties but including secular protesters as well , turned out ahead of upcoming parliamentary elections set to begin on November 28 . Mahmoud said the "  Islamists and revolutionaries had left as they promised not to have a sit-in . " But stragglers remained , and he said many of the people who stayed in the square were families of those injured during the upheaval earlier this year that led to Mubarak 's departure and the ushering in of the supreme council as interim rulers . Yousri Hamad , the official spokesman of the Al Noor Salafi Muslim political party , said he thinks that the violence could affect election plans . "  The protesters are a bunch of kids that attacked the security forces which is a red line and could delay elections , " Hamad said . The military said it wants to transfer power to a civilian parliament and president , but many citizens are dissatisfied with the pace of the transition and the resolve of the military rulers . But protesters were upset Friday about proposed principles for the constitution , in which the military 's budget would not be scrutinized by civilian powers . They worry that the military would be shaped as a state within a state . The outpouring reflected the power of Islamist forces in Egypt , particularly the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party . A leader of that group called for restraint in the wake of Saturday 's clashes , state media reported . The demonstrations occurred a day after hundreds of Coptic Christians marching in Cairo were attacked by unknown assailants . At least 32 people , including two police officers , were injured . They were heading to Cairo 's Tahrir Square to commemorate the deaths of pro-Coptic protesters killed in clashes in the Egyptian capital last month . Problems between Egypt 's Muslim majority and the Copts have been on the rise in recent months , with a number of violent clashes reported between the two groups . Protests also stretched to the United States on Saturday , where demonstrators gathered in the nation 's capital in opposition to military rule in Egypt . Protester Amin Mahmoud , a member of a group called the "  Egyptian Organization for Change USA , " said Egypt 's military "  has been taking civilians before military courts , and we are against that . "  They are torturing a lot of young revolutionaries , accusing them of being traitors , and that is not true , " he said . CNN 's Alexander Hunter contributed to this report	NEW : 2 people are killed , 750 injured , the Health Ministry says Clashes reportedly break out in Suez and Alexandria The Cabinet holds an emergency meeting Egyptian elections start November 28
CNN  -- The number of uprooted people across the world dropped slightly last year , but new displacement this year in conflict zones like Pakistan , Somalia and Sri Lanka so far "  has already more than offset the decline , " the U.N. refugee agency said Tuesday . Pakistani displaced battle severe winds and dust at Jalozai refugee camp near Peshawar . "  Today , we are seeing a relentless series of internal conflicts that are generating millions of uprooted people , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said in a news release . This is one of the main points in Global Trends , an annual report by the U.N. agency on developments regarding refugees , internally displaced people , asylum seekers and stateless people . The number of "  uprooted people worldwide " in 2008 was 42 million , a drop of about 700,000 from 2007 , according to the report . "  In 2009 , we have already seen substantial new displacements , namely in Pakistan , Sri Lanka and Somalia , " Guterres said . "  While some displacements may be short-lived , others can take years and even decades to resolve . We continue to face several longer-term internal displacement situations in places like Colombia , Iraq , the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Somalia . Each of these conflicts has also generated refugees who flee beyond their borders . " The number of refugees and internally displaced people who returned home in 2008 was around 2 million , a decline from 2007 , the report said . Refugee repatriation , which was 604,000 , was down 17 percent . Displaced people 's returns were down by 34 percent at 1.4 million people . "  Traditionally the largest durable solution for refugees , it was the second-lowest repatriation total in 15 years , " the report said . "  The decline in part reflects deteriorating security conditions , namely in Afghanistan and Sudan . " The report listed other statistics and trends in 2008 :	U.N. reports shows slight decline in global refugee numbers to 42 million in 2008 But numbers set to rise in 2009 because of Pakistan , Sri Lanka , Somalia conflicts Pakistan hosted the largest number of refugees in the world at 1.8 million Around 2 million refugees returned home in 2009
CNN  -- The man suspected of killing one person at the World Changers Church International in suburban Atlanta was arrested Wednesday afternoon , U.S. Marshals said . Earlier , police named the suspect as Floyd Palmer , 52 , and described him as armed and dangerous . Authorities said marshals and Fulton County police arrested the suspect at Lenox Mall in the Buckhead community of Atlanta , about 25 miles from the church . There were about 25 people in the massive church when the shooting happened , police spokeswoman Cpl. Kay Lester said . The golden-domed megachurch , which claims about 30,000 members , is led by well-known prosperity minister Creflo Dollar . The victim , whose name was not immediately released , died at a hospital . He was leading a prayer when he was shot , police said . Palmer is a former volunteer at the church who resigned in August , Lester said . She said police do n't know whether the victim was targeted specifically . Dollar has built an international religious empire , with broadcasts of his sermons beamed worldwide and speaking engagements in Europe . Since he started his ministry in an elementary school cafeteria in 1986 , Dollar has earned praise and criticism . Supporters say he has preached a message that 's financially empowered his parishioners and challenged the idea that Christians should be ashamed to be rich . Critics call him "  Cash-Flow Dollar " and say his message perverts the Gospel . The shooting as it happened CNN 's Nick Valencia and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. Marshals , police arrest suspect at mall in Atlanta Police identify suspect as Floyd Palmer , 52 One person is dead after the incident at World Changers Church International The church is led by prosperity minister Creflo Dollar
Washington  CNN  -- Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus gave voice Wednesday to the mistrust between his party and President Barack Obama after the President said he was "  not going to just wait " on Republicans to pass comprehensive immigration reform . "  I do n't believe a thing he says , " Priebus said Wednesday , when asked by CNN 's Erin Burnett about working with the president . "  All he 's been doing for the last year is lying to Hispanic voters across the country . " While both parties said Wednesday that they hoped to find common ground , they also signaled imminent conflict . Obama made it clear that he was still planning to pursue executive action on immigration reform this year . The expected next Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker John Boehner penned an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday laying out their agenda for the next two years -- which includes repealing Obama 's signature health care law . And Priebus also questioned why Republicans should compromise with Obama . "  After the American people repudiated the policies of Barack Obama and everyone that was connected to him , to now say ` Well , what are you guys going to do to compromise with the person the American people had just repudiated ? ' I think it 's a little bizarre , " Priebus said . In an editorial entitled "  Now we can get Congress going , " Boehner and McConnell spent most of their ink touting their legislative agenda and the chance to pass bills that Majority Leader Harry Reid has kept off the Senate floor . The Republican leaders pledged to pass legislation to repeal Obamacare and authorize the Keystone pipeline -- both measures Democrats have ardently opposed . Reid spokesman Adam Jentleson fired back in an email Thursday accusing McConnell of "  letting Senator -LSB- Ted -RSB- Cruz set the agenda " by vowing to repeal Obamacare and pointed out that the word "  compromise " was "  conspicuously absent from Senator McConnell 's vision for the next Congress . " And after slamming Democrats for keeping bills from getting a vote , the pair signaled that Republican control of Congress will herald a new era of more inclusive governance . "  We will restore an era in which committees in both the House and Senate conduct meaningful oversight of federal agencies and develop and debate legislation ; and where members of the minority party in both chambers are given the opportunity to participate in the process of governing , " McConnell and Boehner wrote . The top two Republicans in Congress also left a key item off their agenda in the editorial : immigration reform . The two sides continued to butt heads over the issue on Wednesday . McConnell said during a press conference Wednesday that executive action from Obama would be a "  mistake " and would "  poison the well . " McConnell also said there "  certainly are going to be areas of disagreement " and said Obama "  has really got a choice . " That choice should be to "  give the new Congress a chance " on immigration reform , said Sen. Lindsey Graham , who is considered by many to be the linchpin of any comprehensive deal on immigration . " ` At the end of the day the Republican Party would benefit from getting immigration reform off the table , " Graham said Wednesday on CNN . Graham was one of Tuesday night 's victors who got a call from Obama . And Graham said he told the President to be patient , but also challenged the GOP on immigration reform .	RNC Chairman Priebus said Wednesday he does n't ` believe a thing ' Obama says This comes despite initial bipartisan overtures on both sides But a McConnell-Boehner editorial laid out a partisan agenda
CNN  -- Joyce Banda made headlines in April when she was sworn in as president of Malawi , becoming the first female head state in southern Africa and the third in the whole continent . More recently , she grabbed the spotlight again after deciding to sell her presidential jet and downsize the government 's car fleet . Her move came as Malawi , one of the world 's poorest countries , tries to cut spending and deal with its pressing economic challenges -- the government recently cut the value of its currency , the kwacha , by 40 % , to restore donor funding by meeting conditions suggested by the IMF . "  The fact that we had to devalue by 40 % at once means that Malawians are feeling the shock , " Banda says . "  While that is going on , they need to see , us , the commitment on our part , particularly right at the top . The political will needs to go through this with the people , side by side . " Banda spoke to CNN 's Athena Jones about why she believes repairing her country 's relationship with the IMF was so imperative for its future and why the African Union Summit will no longer be held in Malawi . An edited version of the interview follows . CNN : You 've introduced some fundamental changes already in your country . When it comes to what happened before you , relations with the IMF and with donors had deteriorated significantly under the previous administration . What was the cost to the economy and to the people of Malawi ? Joyce Banda : The bad news is that it 's tragic that the former president refused to devalue the kwacha for four years . Because what that could have meant was maybe they could have devalued the kwacha by 10 % a year . It would still have been 40 % by now . But the fact that we had to devalue by 40 % at once means that Malawians are feeling the shock , the impact of that huge devaluation and particularly rural people , the poor are the ones that are going to be most affected . That is why there is the austerity plan . CNN : Talking about the austerity plan , the presidential plane has been sold , the government 's car fleet has been significantly down-sized , what other plans do you have to cut government spending ? JB : What I have said to my team is that at a point such as this , with 40 % adjustment in our currency , it means that Malawians are paying the price . While that is going on , they need to see , us , the commitment on our part , particularly right at the top . The political will needs to go through this with the people , side by side . And so it 's not a luxury I need to have a presidential jet . I need to improve our relationships with our neighbors . It was a thing for me to do and I did it without any reservation . It 's fine . We can make that sacrifice now and in the future we shall have a plane . It 's not important . CNN : Are you sending a message with that ? JB : I 'm just sending a message to the poor , to show the people , to ordinary Malawians that we can do this together . CNN : These are some key moves that you 've made in just a short period of time , but nearly 40 % of your money comes from aid or donors . And that 's very important to the development of the country . What about the future though ? What about getting to the point where you need less aid ? JB : What I am saying every day to Malawians is that time has come for us to move from aid to trade . We have picked several sectors that we think we can focus on immediately in order for us to grow our economy . So we have decided to diversify agriculture , we decided to develop our tourism sector , we have decided to develop our mining sector . So these are some of the things we 're telling Malawians , we say this is what we need to do in order for us to get out of this total dependence on aid . And Malawians are ready . CNN : The IMF have just agreed to provide a loan of $ 157 million , relations have been restored with some of your biggest donors . What are your plans for getting the economy out of this cycle of receiving aid and into more self sufficiency ? JB : What we decided to do was , as soon as I was elevated to this position , was to go back on track with the IMF . That was fundamental because it was going to influence all other decisions that were going to be made by all our partners that had withdrawn aid . I have been saying to all our donors that we have gone as far as we can . When there was resistance in Malawi to stay on course with the IMF program , what Malawians were being told is that this resistance is as a result of our belief that if we devalue or if we stay on course , Malawians will suffer . Now I came in and told them the reverse -- I said it 's not true . It 's when we go the other way , we pass this difficult part that everything should be fine . Now what Malawians need to see is that while we are making these sacrifices the international community is also moving in time to support us . CNN : The African Union summit was scheduled to take place in Malawi , now it 's taking place in Ethiopia . And it 's reported because you decided you did not want to allow Sudan 's president Omar al-Bashir into the country . Do you think it would have been better to allow him to arrive into the country and then arrest him ? JB : I want you to know that I do n't have any right , Malawi has no right to stop any president from coming to an African Union summit because that is an African Union meeting . But six months ago we had COMESA summit in Malawi and the international community told us that we should not invite president Bashir to come to Malawi . The president of Sudan came to Malawi and attended the meeting . And we went from where we were , which was already bad enough to zero . CNN : In terms of donors you mean ? JB : In terms of our donors was concerned . I did n't say that he should n't come but I made it very clear that we were not prepared to pay that price again . Now it is the African Union that has decided to withdraw the summit . The only concern that I have is that when he was going to attend the summit in South Africa , South Africa said if he comes he will be arrested and Uganda said the same . And the summits were not withdrawn .	Joyce Banda was sworn in as president of Malawi in April Malawi , one of world 's poorest countries , has devalued its currency by 40 % Banda explains why repairing relations with the IMF was so imperative for the country 's future She also speaks about why the African Union Summit will no longer be held in Malawi
CNN  -- The pilot killed in the Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo disaster moved an unlocking device earlier than he should have , investigators said . But that alone might not have caused the spaceship to disintegrate 45,000 feet in the air , killing co-pilot Michael Tyner Alsbury and injuring co-pilot Peter Siebold , who managed to parachute to the ground . While the the National Transportation Safety Board said it is "  months and months away " from determining the cause , it outlined two problems involving the spacecraft 's "  feathering " -- a process used to slow the spacecraft down toward Earth . In order for feathering to start , two things have to happen : someone has to unlock the feathering system , and someone has to activate the system with a different handle . The NTSB has said the unlocking device was moved too early . On Monday night , the agency said Alsbury was the one who unlocked the feathering system . " ... the copilot , who was in right seat , moved the lock/unlock handle into unlock position ; he did not survive accident , " the NTSB tweeted . ... the copilot , who was in right seat , moved the lock/unlock handle into unlock position ; he did not survive accident . #SpaceShipTwo But that mishap alone does n't explain why the feathering started , since no one moved the feathering handle . During feathering , two pieces on the back of the vehicle -- the "  feathers " -- lift up perpendicular to the spaceship , making the vehicle look like it 's arching its back as it descends . Branson mourns pilot , says space travel worth its risks Plastic fuel A team of 13 to 15 investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board will be in the Mojave Desert for about a week . But analyzing the data from the test aircraft will take much longer , and the investigation may take up to a year . Opinion : The truth about launching spaceships Friday 's flight was the first to use a new plastic-based fuel , something that CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien has said could have affected the plane 's stability , despite the fuel tanks being found intact . O'Brien said that Virgin Galactic had "  consistently underestimated the risk involved . " But Virgin founder Richard Branson denied this , saying that 400 "  of the best engineers in the world " were working on the project and that the risks were similar to those taken by people flying across the Atlantic in the 1920s and '30s . Investigation may take up to a year Veteran pilot killed A memorial fund has been set up for Alsbury 's family . He worked at Scaled Composites , the company that partnered with Virgin on the test flight program , and logged more than 1,600 hours as a test pilot and test engineer in Scaled aircraft . Analysis : Will space accidents deter pioneer tourists ? Scaled Composites said Sunday that co-pilot Siebold -- the company 's director of flight operations -- was alert and speaking with family and doctors . SpaceShipTwo helmed by experienced pilots when flight failed Future of the program For years , Virgin Galactic had planned to sell trips in which SpaceShipTwo would transport passengers about 62 miles above Earth -- the beginning of outer space -- and let them experience a few minutes of weightlessness before returning to the ground . Virgin Galactic planned to send paying customers on SpaceShipTwo as early as next year and has sold more than 700 tickets , each costing more than $ 250,000 , for future flights . Deadly day for space tourism -- but future ` rests ' on such days , official says Several celebrities have already signed up , including Justin Bieber , Ashton Kutcher , Leonardo DiCaprio and Stephen Hawking . Friday 's tragedy was not the first fatal accident to hit the Virgin Galactic space program . In 2007 , three employees of Scaled Composites were killed during testing in the Mojave Desert . Sources told CNN that they had been testing components of a new rocket motor for SpaceShipTwo . CNN 's Susannah Cullinane and Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	NTSB : The co-pilot who died unlocked the spacecraft 's feathering device early But that still does n't explain why the "  feathering " system was activated The NTSB says it could take months and months to determine the cause of the disaster
CNN  Night had just fallen when heavily armed Belgian commandos approached a residence on the Rue des Collines in Verviers , a sleepy town in eastern Belgium . They knew the three men inside -- all suspected to be hardened Belgian ISIS veterans who had returned from fighting in Syria -- were likely to be armed and dangerous because they had put them under 24-hour surveillance for several weeks , according to a senior Belgian counterterrorism official . Wiretaps of phone conversations and listening devices indicated the cell members -- who had been under observation for just under two months and were all from in and around the Molenbeek district of Brussels -- were in the final stages of preparing a major terrorist attack in Belgium , the official told CNN . Two suspected members of the cell had taken up lodging in the residence . Belgian security services had learned they were using the building as a safe house to store automatic weapons and chemicals to make explosives . The trigger for the arrests was the arrival at the safe house of a third ISIS veteran suspected of being the quartermaster of the plot , tasked with providing the cell logistical support and providing it with equipment and supplies . Belgian security services wanted to arrest all three together , according to the official , and simultaneously make other arrests of suspects across Belgium . They believed the cell had as many as 10 members . What happened next around 5:45 p.m. January 15 was the biggest firefight Belgian commandos have faced since World War II , captured for the world to see on a home movie shot by one of the town 's residents . Toxic mix that makes Belgium fertile ground for terrorism After the commandos broke into the safe house , the two ISIS fighters who had taken up lodging in the building grabbed Kalashnikovs , returned automatic fire and lobbed grenades , using urban warfare skills honed in Syria , according to the official . But Belgian commandos soon shot them both dead and took the suspected quartermaster of the plot into custody after he jumped out of a window . Inside , Belgian police discovered automatic weapons and chemicals necessary to make the high explosive TATP , an explosive many times more powerful than that used by the Boston bombers . They also discovered police uniforms , suggesting the plotters hoped to gain access to sensitive sites in Belgium , according to the senior Belgian counterterrorism official . A GoPro camera was also recovered , suggesting the cell might have been planning to film the attacks for propaganda . Belgian police made 13 arrests that night . Within hours , Belgian officials announced they had thwarted a major imminent terrorist attack by fighters who had returned from Syria . Belgian authorities publicly stated the cell 's target was believed to be police officers and police stations . Belgian security services had listened to conversations in which the cell members discussed killing police , according to the senior Belgian counterterrorism official . But the official told CNN investigators believe the group planned a much more ambitious and spectacular attack with police just being a "  bonus target . " The official said that investigators do not yet know the cell 's main target or targets but are hopeful they will find out . Brussels houses the headquarters of the European Union 's institutions and NATO . Belgian authorities later identified the two dead gunmen as Sofiane Amghar and Khalid Ben Larbi and the alleged quartermaster of the plot as Marouane El Bali . El Bali was charged with "  participation in a terrorist organization , possession of explosives with intent to commit a criminal attack and prohibited possession of weapons . " The senior Belgian counterterrorism official said El Bali was "  like a machine " in furnishing the cell with the supplies they needed to carry out the attack . When Belgian commandos moved in , he was still searching for an ice machine so the TATP the group was poised to make could be cooled and transported , according to the official . "  TATP is very unstable and would explode otherwise , " they said . El Bali 's lawyer , Didier De Quévy , told CNN his client denied having anything to do with terrorism and that El Bali was in the apartment in Verviers to bring a pair of shoes to his friend . He said El Bali jumped out of the window because the apartment was on fire . The Belgian official told CNN El Bali has refused to talk to investigators . El Bali and two others charged with terrorist offenses in the plot remain in custody . A 33-year-old Algerian extradited to Belgium after being arrested in Greece was also charged with terrorism offenses in relation to the plot . The senior counterterrorism official told CNN the Algerian had connections to the cell in Belgium . The two dead gunmen and El Bali were all in communication by phone with a suspected Belgian ISIS operative named Abelhamid Abaaoud , a 27-year-old Belgian-Moroccan from Molenbeek . Belgian investigators believed he was the ringleader of the cell and the "  link person " to the senior leadership of ISIS in Syria , according to the senior Belgian counterterrorism official . For security reasons , the cell members had an elaborate system to make the phone calls and used coded language . The Algerian extradited to Belgium also had links to Abaaoud according to the official . In the weeks before the plot was thwarted , Belgian counterterrorism agencies traced the calls to a cell phone in Greece that they believed was being used by Abaaoud , according to the official . Other intelligence gathering indicated Abaaoud was linked to several senior ISIS operatives in Syria . Belgian investigators believe ISIS senior leadership directed the cell to launch the attack in Belgium , according to the official . The Belgians brought in U.S. intelligence agencies , including the CIA , to try to locate the cell phone in Greece , but neither the Americans nor Greek police were able to locate Abaaoud , according to the official . On Thursday , ISIS claimed in a new issue of its English online language magazine Dabiq that Abaaoud had safely returned to Syria and posted several pictures of him . One picture taken at some point in 2014 in Syria featured Abaaoud standing next to what ISIS claimed were the two gunmen killed in the Verviers siege . They identified them as "  Abuz-Zubayr al-Baljīkī  Khālid  , and Abū Khālid al-Baljīkī  Sufyān  . " The Belgian counterterrorism official confirmed to CNN the photograph did indeed feature the men killed in the raid last month : Khalid Ben Larbi and Sofiane Amghar . In a purported Q&A with Dabiq magazine , Abaaoud claimed he had traveled to Belgium with the two gunmen . Belgian investigators are skeptical of that claim and have no evidence to suggest he was able to reach Belgium . But the senior Belgian counterterrorism official said the trail for Abaaoud has gone cold , and it is possible he was able to return to Syria from Greece . "  I was able to leave and come to Shām despite being chased after by so many intelligence agencies . My name and picture were all over the news yet I was able to stay in their homeland , plan operations against them , and leave safely when doing so became necessary , " Abaaoud claimed in the Q&A according to ISIS . Abaaoud is believed to have joined ISIS in Syria in early 2014 after traveling from Belgium , according to Guy Van Vlierden , the editor of "  emmejihad , " a blog on Belgian foreign fighters . At some point , his younger 13-year-old brother joined him there becoming the youngest Belgian jihadi in Syria . According to Vlierden , Abaaoud developed ties to a Libyan ISIS brigade called Al-Battar . In Syria , Abaaoud became known by the fighting names Abou Omar al Soussi and Abu Omar al Belgiki . After joining ISIS , Abaaoud posted several videos of himself on the front lines . In one of them , he can be heard saying "  it 's not fun seeing blood spilled , but it gives me pleasure from time to time to see blood of the disbelievers run because we grew up watching the blood of Muslims being spilled in the whole world on TV . " In March 2014 , the video and photo files on one of Abaaoud 's cell phones was obtained by the journalist Etienne Huver from sources in a Syrian refugee camp on the Turkish border . In a report Huver filed for the Belgian news channel RTBF , Abaaoud is seen driving a car dragging the corpses of Free Syria army fighters . In Dabiq magazine , Abaaoud acknowledged that "  a brother had taken video footage of some of us before a battle , but his camera got lost and was later sold by a murtadd  a lapsed Muslim  to a Western journalist . " Abaaoud 's family in Belgium , after hearing nothing from Abaaoud after he traveled to Syria , received word in October he had been killed in fighting , they revealed in interviews with the Belgian media . Belgian counterterrorism officials believe he faked his own death so he could travel more easily to Europe to coordinate the plot . Western intelligence agencies believe the Belgium plot indicates ISIS is pivoting toward attacking the West , according to a senior European counterterrorism official . Intelligence suggests the group is seeking to send back European recruits to target the European countries involved in airstrikes against it , according to the official . The UK , France , Holland , Denmark and Belgium are carrying out strikes against ISIS positions in Iraq . More than 750 European extremists have returned to Europe after joining jihadist groups in Syria and Iraq , according to official estimates . The Belgian official said Belgium was facing an unprecedented terrorist threat with significant concern returning fighters from Syria or ISIS-inspired lone wolves could be plotting attacks . Last week , Sen. James Risch , a Republican from Idaho and a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that intelligence suggested ISIS was "  moving beyond the aspirational " when it came to plotting attacks against Europe and the U.S. homeland .	Belgian counterterrorism official tells CNN how they thwarted an ISIS cell January 15 was the biggest firefight Belgian commandos have faced since World War II The trail goes from Belgium to Greece and Syria
CNN  -- Arsenal extended their lead at the top of the English Premier League , but only by a point as Everton earned a 1-1 draw at the Emirates on Sunday . Roberto Martinez 's team carried the confidence of a midweek win against Manchester United into the match but it was Arsenal who looked to have grabbed all three points when Mesut Ozil scored deep into the second half . The German international slammed home from close range in the 80th minute after Theo Walcott had headed the ball back across goal . But Everton 's attacking persistence paid off four minutes later when substitute Gerard Deulofeu flashed a shot past Wojciech Szczesny . Olivier Giroud nearly won the match in injury time for the Gunners with a sensational long range effort which rattled the bar but Everton held on and remain unbeaten in eight league matches . "  We have to say Everton were a very good side today , especially at the start of the game , the first half-an-hour ... " Arsene Wenger said afterwards . "  After that we have the better control in the final 15 minutes of the first half and second half , but they always remained dangerous in counterattacks . The regret we have tonight is that we are 1-0 up with seven minutes to go . But overall , it 's a point and we can say it is a logical result . " Arsenal are now five points clear of Liverpool and Chelsea who both have 30 points , with Manchester City one point further back . The draw sees Everton remain in fifth with 28 points now from 15 games . "  The performance from our point of view , I could n't be happier , " Martinez said . "  The only bit of criticism is that we need to take our chances and probably in the final third we were not ruthless enough . But the way we controlled the game , I have n't seen many teams come to the Emirates and do what we did today . So really , really pleased . " Earlier , Fulham ended a run of six consecutive league defeats with a 2-0 win over Aston Villa at Craven Cottage . Goals from Steve Sidwell and Dimitar Berbatov from the penalty spot gave new coach Rene Meulensteen his first win in charge following Martin Jol 's sacking last weekend and lifts the west Londoner 's to 18th place in the table . Villa remain in 10th place with 19 points , three points behind David Moyes ' Manchester United who suffered a second consecutive home defeat to Newcastle United on Saturday . Read more : Crisis looms at Manchester United Read more : 2014 World Cup draw In Serie A , second-place Roma beat Fiorentina 2-1 to close the gap back to three points with league leaders Juventus but fourth-place Inter Milan lost ground on third place Napoli after being held to a 3-3 draw against Udinese . Sixth-place Hellas Verona beat Atalanta 2-1 while mid-table Cagliari were winners by the same score line against Genoa . Torino move into seventh ahead of Genoa following a 1-0 win over Lazio while Chievo Verona climb to 15th following a 1-0 win at Sassuolo . Sampdoria 's 2-0 win over bottom side Catania -- their first win under new coach Sinisa Mihajlovic -- means they rise to 16th in the table .	Arsenal extend lead at top of English Premier League to five points Everton earn point at Emirates following historic win at Old Trafford in midweek Fulham 's end run of six league defeats with 2-0 win against Aston Villa
CNN  -- The Netherlands reached their third World Cup final with a 3-2 win over Uruguay in a dramatic semifinal in Cape Town on Tuesday . The Dutch will play the winners of the second semifinal between Germany and Spain for the ultimate prize in football at Soccer City on Johannesburg on Sunday . Second-half goals from Wesley Sneijder and Arjen Robben put the Dutch 3-1 up but Maxi Pereira summed up the never-say-die spirit of the Uruguayans with an injury-time strike to ensure a frantic finish . Dutch coach Bert van Marwijk was proud of his team , who have won all six matches in the finals , the best record of any side . "  It 's amazing that we have managed to do this . It 's been 32 years  that the Netherlands last played in a final  . It is unbelievable . We can be very proud for such a small country , " he told AFP . Netherlands vs Uruguay minute by minute His 35-year-old captain Giovanni van Bronckhorst put the Netherlands ahead after 18 minutes with probably the goal of the tournament , a stunning 30 meter strike which whistled past Uruguay goalkeeper Fernando Muslera . But Diego Forlan , the Uruguay captain on the night , equalized shortly before halftime with a long-range effort that eluded Dutch goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg , his fourth goal of the World Cup . Read how the game was followed in Montevideo The second half burst to life just after the hour mark as first Sneijder 's shot found its way through a sea of legs to beat Muslera for his fifth of the tournament . In the 73rd minute , Robben headed home Dirk Kuyt 's cross to make it 3-1 . Robben might have added a fourth and his third of the finals on a swift counter attack but he was denied by Muslera . SI.com : 3 quick thoughts It looked academic , but the last South American team in the tournament conjured up a late goal as Pereira scored with a low curling shot . In a desperate finale , Uruguay threatened an equalizer , but it is the Dutch who go into an all-European final . They were previous losing finalists in 1974 , to West Germany , and 1978 against Argentina . Germany play European champions Spain in Durban on Wednesday .	Netherlands beat Uruguay 3-2 in first semifinal of World Cup in Cape Town Giovanni van Bronckhorst , Wesley Sneijder and Arjen Robben score Dutch goals Diego Forlan and Maxi Pereira reply for Uruguay Netherland will play either Germany or Spain in final on Sunday
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Casey Kasem 's body was flown to Canada a month after he died , a funeral home director told CNN Tuesday . Kasem 's corpse was taken from a Washington state funeral home last week before the radio icon 's daughter could enforce a court order against it being removed , according to the director of Tacoma 's Gaffney Funeral Home . A lawyer delivered the order a day after the body was sent out of the country , Corey Gaffney said . "  I disclosed to her attorney that the body was no longer in our care , " Gaffney said . Kasem 's wife , Jean Kasem , said she has been "  blackmailed " by her husband 's children for 35 years . "  This is a shakedown and I will not negotiate with terrorists , " she told CNN . "  I will not give in to their blackmail and attacks . " Casey Kasem 's body is missing , daughter says Daughter Kerri Kasem accuses her stepmother of abusing her elderly father and contributing to his death by taking him from a Santa Monica , California , care facility in May and relocating him to Washington . Santa Monica Police have "  an open and ongoing investigation " into the elder abuse allegation , Sgt. Rudy Camarena said last week . Kasem , who entertained radio listeners for almost four decades as the host of countdown shows such as "  American Top 40 " and "  Casey 's Top 40 , " died in a hospital in Gig Harbor , Washington , on June 15 . He was 82 . Gaffney said Kasem was kept in his funeral home until he was instructed by Jean Kasem to send it to Montreal last week . "  I took Casey to the airport myself , oversaw every detail myself from the moment we brought him into care , " Gaffney said . He tracked its arrival in Montreal , he said . The death certificate listed Urgel Bourgie , a funeral and cemetery business in Montreal , as the planned destination , he said . CNN has not independently confirmed the details of the death certificate or the arrival of the remains at the Montreal funeral home . Danny Deraney , a representative for Kerri Kasem , said Jean Kasem has the legal right to control her late husband 's remains . "  The bottom line is that they want to know where he 'll be buried , " Deraney said . "  I think they have that right . " Kerri Kasem is pushing for a new law in California to give adult children visitation rights with their aging or incapacitated parents . "  There are so many people dealing with the same situation my family is dealing with , and we are receiving so many letters and e-mails , " she said in a posting on her Facebook page Tuesday . Casey Kasem tributes : ` Keep reaching for the stars ' Casey Kasem 's global reach : long-distance dedications	A Washington funeral director says he sent Kasem 's remains to Canada last week Kasem 's wife , Jean , requested the body be flown to Montreal , the funeral director says Kasem 's daughter Kerri accuses her stepmother of abusing her elderly father Casey Kasem was 82 when he died in Washington state last month
CNN  -- Police in China have spent three months seizing bogus meat , some of it fake beef or mutton made out of fox , mink and rat . They snatched up around 20,000 tons of illegal products , according to state news agency Xinhua . In 382 cases , officials arrested 904 suspects for passing off counterfeit meat , meat injected with water or diseased flesh to consumers , the news agency said . Other offenders allegedly added chemicals illegally to their products , the agency said . Two "  meat processing and selling dens " in southwest China allegedly used hydrogen peroxide to process chicken claws , Xinhua said . The raids were the first part of a food safety enforcement campaign from the Ministry of Public Security , Xinhua reported . Next phase : dairy product crimes . A ministry official told the news agency it expects to find deep-rooted safety problems .	Fake mutton and beef were made of fox , mink , rat , state news agency says Other meat was injected with water or was diseased , Xinhua says Chemicals were used illegally to augment meat , it reports Public safety officials are planning raids related to dairy products , too , agency says
A long-awaited State Department environmental report on the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline indicates what the oil industry and its backers have been saying -- it wo n't have a big impact on carbon emissions that cause climate change . The report released Friday appears to give the Obama administration the cover it needs to approve the politically charged project , but not until May at the earliest , after a 90-day review and comment period . Environmentalists reacted with predictable fury , accusing the government of bad intent by releasing the report before an inspector general 's findings on whether it was flawed because some participants had oil industry ties . "  This document will be seen by the entire environmental community ... as a sham , " complained Democratic Rep. Raul Grijalva of Arizona , adding that "  it encourages the already widely held impression that the fix was in from the beginning . " White House spokesman Matt Lehrich said Friday night that information in the report "  will now need to be closely evaluated by Secretary  of State John  Kerry and other relevant agency heads in the weeks ahead . "  A decision on whether the project is in the national interest will be made only after careful consideration of the  report  and other pertinent information , comments from the public , and views of other agency heads . " GOP : no more stalling Supporters , including Republican leaders who have been pushing for two years for President Barack Obama to approve the project , said now it was time to get it started . "  Mr. President , no more stalling , no more excuses , " said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , adding a jab at Obama 's recent pledge to act on his own this year if he ca n't get congressional backing . "  Please pick up that pen you 've been talking so much about and make this happen . Americans need these jobs . " The pipeline that would transport oil from Canada to the Gulf Coast has been a political football , pitting the oil industry and its Republican backers against environmentalists and liberal Democrats who complain it bolsters the especially dirty fossil fuel production from the tar sands of northern Alberta . The project also has sparked protests from the political left and the environmental movement . However , the politics get messy for Democrats , because organized labor supports the project that will create several thousand jobs . Release of the report launched a 90-day period for public comment and consultation . Secretary of State John Kerry , who is known for his effort to combat climate change , will then determine if the pipeline project is in the national interest . The environmental analysis makes no final conclusion on the merits of the project , but says it would n't impact how much oil gets produced from Canada 's tar sands in northern Alberta . Dirtier oil Approval or denial of any single project was unlikely to affect how much oil gets extracted from the tar sands , Assistant Secretary of State Kerri-Ann Jones said in a conference call with reporters . Jones noted that the oil from the tar sands was more carbon intensive than normal oil , producing 17 % more carbon emissions . Environmentalists say that is why the project should be rejected , arguing that it would continue U.S. reliance on a dirtier foreign oil at a time when Obama has pledged action against climate change . "  I will not be satisfied with any analysis that does not accurately document what is really happening on the ground when it comes to the extraction , transport , refining , and waste disposal of dirty , filthy tar sands oil , " said Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer of California . In a speech last year on climate change , Obama said the pipeline should be approved only if it is basically carbon-neutral , meaning that approving it would have no more impact on climate change that not approving it . The president and CEO of TransCanada , the company proposing the pipeline , said Friday that the environmental report makes clear the benefits of the project to the U.S. economy , including $ 3.4 billion in added economic activity from its construction . Asked about increased carbon emissions , Russ Girling said the report determined that "  oil sands are gon na get produced anyway . " "  When you read the report carefully , it makes clear that blocking Keystone is an important component of climate sanity and we will find out if John Kerry and particularly Barack Obama are ever willing to stand up to the oil industry or not , " said environmental activist Bill McKibben , founder of 350 . org . Messy politics for Democrats Democrats from energy states , such as Sen. Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , face tough re-election battles this fall and therefore want to see the pipeline approved to help a major industry for their constituents . They have criticized the administration for taking several years to review it . This year , Obama has made holding onto the Senate in November a political priority . In 2011 , the Obama administration postponed a decision on the pipeline until last year , citing concerns raised by Nebraska officials and environmental groups about the original route near the Ogallala Aquifer , which provides drinking water for much of Nebraska and is important for the state 's agricultural economy . Republicans accused Obama of putting off the issue until after the November 2012 election , but their efforts to force an earlier decision failed to work . Meanwhile , TransCanada rerouted it in Nebraska . The State Department is handling the review because the project crosses an international border with Canada .	Pipeline supporters approve , environmentalists condemn the report The proposed oil pipeline between the U.S. and Canada is politically charged Next step is a 90-day comment period , followed by another State Department decision President Barack Obama has said the pipeline must be carbon-neutral
CNN  -- Chinese President Hu Jintao this week will lay out his vision for U.S.-Chinese relations based on strategic mutual trust , state-run media reports , amid recent hints of Washington 's frustrations with Beijing . Hu is expected to lay out his blueprint during his three days in Washington , where he 'll meet with President Barack Obama , top legislators and business executives , followed by a stop in Chicago . A report Sunday in Xinhua , China 's official news agency , said that despite certain differences a constructive , comprehensive partnership between the powers could be mutually beneficial and help ensure stability in Asia and worldwide -- points Hu will stress during time in the United States . Zhang Yesui , China 's ambassador to the United States , hyped the visit as vital to relations between the Communist state and democratic power , according to another Xinhua report published Saturday . He said that it was important to continue bilateral ties and address issues through dialogue , while adding that disagreements were inevitable given political , cultural and economic differences . Ultimately , Zhang said , the nations can and should create a "  win-win situation " through positive diplomacy . This hopeful rhetoric , though , comes as officials in Washington have recently suggested that Beijing has been slow to act in some respects , and generally should consider altering its approach to reflect its increasing influence . On Friday , a U.S. delegation sent to China to negotiate economic deals returned from a three-day trip "  highly disappointed " with the lack of progress , according to a senior administration official . The official , displaying obvious frustration , told CNN that "  prospects for a joint economic statement " before Hu 's visit to the White House "  are hanging by a thread . " Typically the joint statement is a formal expression of agreement between the two countries . A failure to issue one is often considered a sign of failed diplomacy . "  That does n't mean things ca n't improve , " the official said , "  but we have n't seen it yet . " In a speech at the State Department Friday , U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said that China must assume the responsibility of being a world power , rather than basing policies on its own self-interest . "  Embracing the obligations that come with being a 21st-century power will help to realize a future that will give the Chinese people even more , in fact , unimagined opportunities , " she said . "  But that means accepting a share of the burden of solving common problems , abiding by and helping to shape a rules-based international order . " Clinton acknowledged that relations between Beijing and Washington were at a "  critical juncture , " noting persisting tensions on economic and security issues and accusing China of discriminatory practices that put American firms at a disadvantage . Still , insisting that the United States does n't view China as a threat , she said , "  our economies are intertwined and so are our futures . " "  A thriving America is good for China , and a thriving China is good for America , " said the top U.S. diplomat . One hot-button issue that Beijing addressed on Sunday was the Korean peninsula , days after Clinton urged China to use its "  unique ties " with North Korea to tamp down tensions there . Urging an early resumption of long-stalled six-party talks committed to reining in North Korea 's nuclear program , Assistant Foreign Minister Hu Zhengyue told Xinhua that "  the peninsula 's denuclearization and the normalization of relations " was in all parties ' interest . "  China will continue to work with all the parties concerned and the international community to ensure peace , stability and prosperity , " he said .	Hu Jintao will lay out a blueprint this week for U.S.-Chinese ties , state-run media says China 's envoy calls visit vital to relations , Chinese news agency says Hu will spend three days in Washington , meeting with President Obama and others
CNN  -- Those of us who knew Alex Clowson understood that his baseball dreams were all behind him . We could n't have been more wrong . Alex -- he insisted that we call him that ; "  Mr. Clowson , " he said , was too formal -- was the one man in our central Ohio town of 13,000 who had been a professional ballplayer . He had been captain of the baseball team at Ohio State , and had led the Big Ten in hitting in 1932 and 1933 . The people who knew him back then thought he would have a shining career in the majors . And in fact , the Cleveland Indians organization signed him to a contract . But he injured his knee , and in the big leagues being just half a step slow means you 're probably not going to make it . So from 1935 to 1941 , he played in the low minor leagues , for Class C and Class D teams like the Zanesville , Ohio , Greys , and the Oswego , New York , Netherlands , and the Monessen , Pennsylvania , Indians . Which was all right with him . Baseball was the love of his life , and he was very good at it , and he was being paid , although not much , to play it . Then World War II arrived , and he was called to military service and his days on the diamond were over . Those of us who knew him in the 1950s and 1960s were friends of his children , with whom we were growing up . Alex and his wife , Betty , raised their young family , and Alex ran a succession of taverns and restaurants , some more successful than others . His love of baseball never died . He was an assistant coach at Ohio State for 10 years , and after that he seemed to be a volunteer coach for just about every league in town . "  Dad 's been gone for more than 10 years , " his daughter Wendy told me the other day . "  And I still run into people who tell me , ` Your dad was my Little League coach . ' Or , ` Your father give me my first baseball glove . ' " If you were a kid in a summer league around town , you probably saw Alex Clowson in the stands . He was always so encouraging ; his opinion meant more than anyone else 's , because he was the man who had been a pro ballplayer . If you were n't especially good -- I can vouch for this -- it meant the world to you to hear Alex 's voice shouting "  Nice throw , " or "  Good hustle . " Why am I telling you this today ? Because in the early 1950s , before any of us were old enough to know him , he ran a tavern called the Musical Bar . He was the owner and the bartender . One of his steady customers was a young Air Force second lieutenant assigned to nearby Lockbourne Air Force Base . The customer 's name was George Steinbrenner . "  Daddy told me that Mr. Steinbrenner never ordered an alcoholic beverage , " Wendy Clowson said . "  He would come in and order a Coke with a cherry in it . And he would sit there and he and my father would talk about baseball for hours on end . " This was many years before Steinbrenner , who died last week at the age of 80 , bought the New York Yankees ; George Steinbrenner with his Coca-Cola and Alex Clowson behind the bar were just two guys who loved to talk baseball . Clowson never struck it rich in business , but Steinbrenner , of course , did , and despite the difference in their worlds they remained friends over the years . "  Every time we would see Mr. Steinbrenner , he would say to us children , ` Your father taught me everything I know about baseball , ' " Wendy said . It may not have been literally true , but it was a lovely thing to tell the Clowson children , and they always were grateful for how Steinbrenner treated their dad . When Alex Clowson was dying in the summer of 1999 , Wendy said , "  the thing that he hated the most was that he had macular degeneration , which meant that his eyesight had badly failed . He could n't read the baseball box scores in the newspapers any more . That made him really sad . " Three weeks before he died in a nursing home , he received a telephone call from Steinbrenner . "  They talked for a very long time , " Wendy said . "  We did n't hear the conversation , but we knew what it was about . Dad and Mr. Steinbrenner talked about baseball . Just like they always did . " Clowson died on a July Thursday in 1999 . Before the funeral , Betty Clowson 's telephone rang . It was Steinbrenner . He said he planned to do something to honor her husband . And so it was , on the day Clowson was buried in Ohio , that Steinbrenner issued an order to his staff at Yankee Stadium in New York . The Yankees were n't playing at home that day . But Steinbrenner ordered that the big American flag in center field be raised , and then lowered to half-staff . For Alex. Several weeks later , a package arrived at Betty Clowson 's home . Inside it was the flag , along with a photo of it at half-staff overlooking the most famous baseball palace in the world . "  I know that Mr. Steinbrenner was a controversial guy , and that there were a lot of people who did n't like him , " Wendy Clowson said . "  But I hope you can understand why our family loved him . " We who knew Alex Clowson thought his dreams of baseball glory had drifted away . But what did we know ? In the end , against all odds and expectations , this impossible thing came true : He made it all the way to Yankee Stadium . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Ex-minor league player had a major league friend in George Steinbrenner Alex Clowson met Steinbrenner in the '50s when Clowson owned an Ohio tavern Steinbrenner said Clowson "  taught me everything I know about baseball "
CNN  -- With nearly 86,000 people evacuated from fire-ravaged regions , Russian authorities said Sunday that firefighters were gaining control over blazes sweeping across thousands of acres in western Russia . "  Despite complicated weather conditions , the situation is under control thanks to preventive measures and efforts taken by the Russian Emergencies Ministry , " a spokesman for the ministry told the Itar-Tass news agency . At least 28 people have been killed and thousands left homeless by the wildfires , which are among the worst ever to hit western Russia . No fire-related deaths were reported since Friday , officials said Sunday . Two firefighters were among the dead , Itar-Tass reported , citing the Emergency Ministry . Latest figures from the ministry showed that 128,500 hectares  317,530 acres  were burned or had burned , and 774 "  hotbeds of wildfire " were counted as of 6 a.m. Sunday . About half the fires had either been extinguished or contained , the ministry spokesman said . "  The most difficult situation with wildfires remains in the Nizhny Novgorod , Vladimir and Voronezh regions and the Republic of Mordovia , where fires threaten several populated settlements , " the ministry 's information department said . A hot , dry summer has been a key factor in the fires , drying out large parts of land and igniting the peat bogs that lie all over central Russia . Moscow , Russia , hit a temperature of 39 Celsius  102 Fahrenheit  on Thursday , the highest temperature since records began in 1879 . The fires have destroyed more than 1,200 homes , the ministry said , and nearly 5,000 people have been left homeless . CNN 's Matthew Chance reported from the village of Maslovka , Russia , near Voronezh , that almost every house in the village of 500 people had burned to the ground . All the residents of Maslovka had been evacuated to nearby hotels . A resident of Maslovka named Nina told Chance she had returned to the village after the fire to sift through the rubble of the house where she was born . For 50 years , she said , she lived under the same roof . A few days ago , the wildfires were swept by high winds to the village and quickly engulfed her house . Now there was nothing left . Even the clothes she was wearing were not hers -- they had been given to her by a neighbor . As Nina told her story , an elderly woman walked from behind a broken wall , wailing with tears . Nina said the woman was her mother , devastated she had lost the home where she raised her family . Russia 's government has vowed to compensate the more than 1,870 families whose houses have been burned down . Amid complaints , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has ordered regional governors to speed up the compensation process . The Kremlin has called the wildfires a natural disaster of the kind that appear every 30 or 40 years . Critics , meanwhile , accuse local authorities of mismanaging the response . Desperate to control the blazes , Russia says its deployed nearly a quarter of a million people to fight the fires . But around Voronezh , many of the firefighters that Chance saw were just volunteers with buckets .	About half of the hundreds of wildfires in Russia are extinguished or contained At least 28 people -- including two firefighters -- are dead In one village , all 500 residents have been evacuated , and nearly every house is burned
CNN  -- Police in Australia have arrested a man accused of breaking into an adult shop and having sex with blow-up dolls , it was reported Wednesday . The 23-year-old allegedly broke into the Laneway Adult Shop in the northen Australian city of Cairns on several occasions , having sex with a doll named "  Jungle Jane , " the Cairns Post reported . It earlier quoted the store 's owner saying the burglar always cleaned up after himself , but the dolls were dumped unceremoniously in an alleyway behind the store . "  He has been taking the dolls out the back and blowing them up and using the dolls and leaving them in the alley , " he said . "  It is totally bizarre . " Police have charged the unidentified man , believed to be from the city 's Manunda suburb , with four counts of breaking and entering . They told the paper that DNA samples had been recovered from one of the dolls . "  Following intelligence-based inquiries , we attended a Manunda address and made an arrest , " police spokesman Jason Chetham said , according to the Post .	Man arrested for breaking into an adult shop and having sex with blow-up dolls Owner of shop in Cairns , Australia says man took dolls in alleyway for sex Police say DNA samples were recovered from the scene
Shootings , attempted assassinations and intimidation - welcome to Libyan football in 2013 . The country 's largest club Al-Ahly , which is based in the capital Tripoli , had been due to face Tersana Tuesday in its latest league match , but its participation in the national league was thrown into jeopardy after its Egyptian coach Hossam al-Badri was shot at following the 1-1 draw against Al Sowaihili on October 12 . Al-Badri told CNN Arabic then that he wanted to spend Eid al-Adha -- one of the two most important festivals in the Muslim calendar -- in Cairo and spend time thinking about if he would resume his duty in Tripoli or not . The club told local media : "  Our coach was shot at , at his home after a match in the league against Al Sowaihili that ended 1-1 . He is safe but upset after what happened . "  Three men in a car shot at him . The police have launched a full-scale investigation . " Two days later , Libya international striker Mohamed Al-Maghrabi , was shot in the arm by a sniper and rushed to hospital where is recovering . According to the club 's official Facebook page , the incident was an assassination attempt , while it also stated that "  many players from the club " had received death threats on their mobile phones . The 53-year-old Al-Badri steered Cairo 's Al-Ahly to the African Champions League title last November before joining the Libyan club in May . Club president Sassi Bouaoun has traveled to the Egyptian capital in a bid to convince his manager to return . In an interview with Libyan television , Bouaoun confirmed the team had returned to training and was already preparing for the upcoming game against Tersana . He also stated that because of the country 's fragile security situation that there are opponents who do not wish to see Al-Ahly at the top of the league . ` Stranded ' footballer Zahir Belounis told he can leave Qatar Football in Libya only resumed last month after being brought to a halt in February 2011 by the civil conflict which ousted the dictator Moammar Gadhafi . The Ministry of Sport has held meetings with the Libyan Football Association and its members in a bid to provide extra security for staff , players and fans . Al-Ahly Tripoli had won its first two games of the season before the attacks The incidents will cast a shadow over Libya 's plans to host the 2017 African Cup of Nations . The Confederation of African Football was not immediately available for comment on the Al - Ahly Tripoli attacks . The country is only just recovering from the kidnapping of Prime Minister Ali Zeidan following an attempted coup carried out by political opponents determined to topple his government . Zeidan was abducted from a luxury hotel in Tripoli and held for several hours by militia gunmen before being released . The incident , which highlights threats posed by militias , is just one of several which have occurred since the revolution two years ago . Armed militias have roamed the country largely unchecked since the 2011 ouster of Gadhafi . Gangs of armed men have surrounded key ministries , including the Justice Ministry , trying to force out members of the democratically elected government . Salah Marghani , the justice minister , was forced to evacuate after armed militias surrounded his ministry in April . Libyan intelligence services have warned that the country is becoming a haven for al Qaeda to regroup and regenerate itself . According to government officials , numerous weapons left over after Gadhafi 's downfall are providing groups with different motivations to form their own militias .	Libya 's Al-Ahly will return to action on October 26 following shooting of coach Manager Hossam al-Badri and forward Mohamed Al-Maghrabi both suffered gunshot wounds Football in Libya only restarted last month following two-year gap Libya to host Africa Cup of Nations in 2017
CNN  -- The U.N. Commission of Inquiry on Syria recently determined that the fighting in Syria is not an "  armed conflict "  PDF  -- the legal term for war -- under international law because the opposition forces are not sufficiently organized . Yet surely the protesters , dissident fighters and terrified citizens caught up in the violence in Syria believe they are at war . States and other international legal experts are following the same overly technical approach and , as a result , not applying the law designed for just this situation : the law of war . The international community is left unable to use every available tool in its efforts to halt the violence and protect civilians from extraordinary suffering . Failing to call Syria 's upheaval an armed conflict -- the legal term for war -- has real and immediate consequences . Contrary to what events in Syria suggest , war is not waged in a legal vacuum . International law regulates permissible conduct during war , even civil war . The law of war exists specifically to restrain brutality in war , protect innocent civilians from direct attack and minimize suffering . It prohibits deliberate attacks on civilians and using them as human shields , requires humane treatment of the wounded or detained personnel , obligates parties to respect and protect medical aid providers , mandates efforts to facilitate delivery of humanitarian relief , and imposes criminal responsibility on those who disregard these obligations . These basic and essential protections apply during any armed conflict . The only rule that President Bashar al-Assad and his forces follow , however , is the rule of unrestrained brute force . Indiscriminate shelling of towns ; civilians forcibly used as human shields ; and attacks on the wounded , ambulances and humanitarian workers are a daily staple in the mismatched struggle between al-Assad 's heavily armed and morally corrupt forces and the regime 's opponents : protesters , dissident army units and other fighters . Massive suffering from heavy-handed government responses to internal threats is nothing new ; indeed , the images from Syria are unfortunately all too common . Bosnia , Sierra Leone , Rwanda , Sudan and now Syria are the latest in history 's long line of notoriously brutal struggles between competing factions within a state . Historically , states did not recognize the law of war 's application during internal conflict , arguing that internal matters were solely the concern of the state . The need to maximize protection of civilians in the face of the unprecedented brutality of internal conflicts -- especially the Spanish Civil War -- was the primary motivation for including fundamental law of war protections for such conflicts in the 1949 Geneva Conventions . Demanding that the Syrian government respect international human rights obligations is certainly appropriate . These obligations protect the same fundamental rights as the law of war . But armed conflict involves a level of force and violence that triggers the law of war 's more specialized international legal regime , one better suited to address war 's full range of challenges . Notably , however , there are no demands that the parties abide by the law of war . The United Nations Commission and other experts may fear that acknowledging an armed conflict in Syria will give both sides free rein to use military force . Such concern is naÃ ¯ ve in the present circumstances . Al-Assad is already using maximum firepower . The primary concern must be whether we can use every available tool to regulate that use of force to protect innocent victims . Reality thus tragically demonstrates that the essential dividing line in Syria is not between peacetime and wartime but between the law of war and no law at all . Syria 's crisis surpassed that demarcation line long ago , even if the opposition is not extensively organized . Levels of violence obviously exceeding what is normal during peacetime and , especially , a government unleashing its full military might to repress a dissident threat call for the application of the law of war . The international community 's refusal to recognize an armed conflict in Syria can only be characterized as not seeing the forest for the trees . Widespread recognition that the situation has risen to the level of armed conflict is no talisman : It will not result in immediate intervention , nor is it likely the regime will immediately change its tactics . What it will do is arm those seeking an end to indiscriminate brutality with a clearly defined legal basis to demand restraint from the parties to the hostilities . Perhaps more important , it will place Syrian leaders on immediate notice that their actions will be judged against a standard of wartime conduct , and that they are accountable for the widespread suffering they have caused . It is time to call a spade a spade and demand compliance with this law . By doing so , an international community increasingly disgusted by events in Syria can send a clear message that the law 's basic protections for persons in the conflict zone must be upheld and that every leader responsible for violating this law will be held to account . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Laurie Blank and Geoffrey Corn .	Writers : What is happening in Syria is a war , but international legal experts refuse to call it that Legal experts say it 's not a war because the opposition is n't well-organized If it 's determined to be war , then the law of war applies , they say , even to an internal conflict Writers : The law sets standards to restrain brutality , protect civilians , minimize suffering
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- The Cuban government announced Tuesday it plans to end the country 's dual-currency system . Presently , most Cubans are paid in the Cuban peso , or CUP , while the vast majority of goods on the island are available only with the hard currency convertible peso , or CUC . Convertible pesos are pegged to the U.S. dollar , while the Cuban pesos are worth only about 4 cents each . Neither peso is accepted as currency outside of Cuba , where , according to government statistics , most Cubans make about $ 20 a month from their official salaries . The dual system came into being after the collapse of the Soviet Union , when Cuba introduced the U.S. dollar as the country 's second currency . In 2004 , the government replaced the dollar with the convertible peso . The dual-currency system is unpopular with many Cubans , who complain that the Cuban pesos they received their salaries in are not accepted in stores that carry sought-after imported goods . The announcement in the Cuban Communist Party newspaper Granma said the change is to be a gradual process , but gave no timetable . "  The currency unification is n't a measure that will resolve on its own the current problems of the economy . But its adoption is vital to restoring value to the Cuban peso , " the announcement in Granma read . For months , Cuban officials have said ending the two-currency system was a priority but the move would have a major impact on the government 's gradual attempts to move from a centralized , communist-style economy . The announcement Tuesday said the Cuban central bank will continue to back both currencies and give Cubans time to convert their savings .	Cuba has two currencies : the Cuban peso , CUP , and the hard currency convertible peso , CUC Most Cubans are paid in the CUP ; purchases of most goods require the CUC The change is to be a gradual process , the Cuban Communist Party newspaper Granma says
CNN  -- Three-time Indianapolis 500 winner Dario Franchitti announced his retirement Thursday , a month after a devastating crash in Houston , where he suffered head and spinal injuries . In a statement released through his team , Target Chip Ganassi Racing , Franchitti said he made the decision to stop racing based on the advice of doctors who have treated and assessed his injuries . "  They have made it very clear that the risks involved in further racing are too great and could be detrimental to my long term well-being . Based on this medical advice , I have no choice but to stop , " he said . "  Racing has been my life for over 30 years and it 's really tough to think that the driving side is now over . I was really looking forward to the 2014 season with Target Chip Ganassi Racing , with a goal of winning a fourth Indianapolis 500 and a fifth IndyCar Series championship . " Franchitti suffered a concussion in the wreck as well as fractures to his spine and ankle . The wreck occurred in the last lap of IndyCar 's Grand Prix of Houston on October 6 , when Japanese driver Takuma Sato bumped Franchitti 's car , sending it airborne into the protective fencing . The car spun multiple times against the fence , sending shards of debris flying toward the grandstands and shearing off part of its side . Thirteen spectators were also hurt during the crash . IndyCar Series to review safety after Franchitti crash The Scotland native won IndyCar racing 's top prize in 2012 , 2010 and 2007 . Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No. 1 position . "  I 'll forever look back on my time racing in CART and the IndyCar Series with fond memories and the relationships I 've forged in the sport will last a lifetime , " he said . "  Hopefully in time , I 'll be able to continue in some off-track capacity with the IndyCar Series . I love open-wheel racing and I want to see it succeed . " Franchitti was married to actress Ashley Judd for more than 11 years , but the couple announced in January that they were splitting up . Another racing crash casts light on fan safety	Dario Franchitti was injured in a crash on October 6 at the Grand Prix of Houston Franchitti , 40 , suffered a concussion as well as fractures to his spine and ankle Based on medical advice , he says he has "  no choice but to stop " Franchitti ends his career with 31 IndyCar wins and 33 starts in the No. 1 pole position
CNN  -- The Australian cruiser met the disguised German vessel in the waters off western Australia two years after the two became enemies in World War II . The gun turret of the Sydney II was discovered with the rest of the vessel in March 2008 . The Australian ship approached , trying to determine whether the vessel was friendly . It was n't . What resulted was Australia 's worst naval disaster : the sinking of the Australian ship and the loss of its entire crew of 645 . The wreckage was n't found until last year , leading to decades of conspiracy theories about what actually happened . On Wednesday a long-awaited report on the sinking of the Sydney II ended the mystery that began when it met its fate , November 19 , 1941 . Made to look like a cargo ship , the German vessel was in fact a military raider that fired on the Australians when they got close . The Sydney fired back and , in the end , both ships went down . More than 300 of the sailors on board the German vessel , the Kormoran , survived . But because they were the only witnesses to the disaster , some doubted their accounts , leading to various theories about the real fate of the Sydney . After the wrecks of both ships were located in March 2008 , an Australian commission began an inquiry to formally close the book on the loss of the Sydney . The results confirm the accounts provided by the German sailors . They said the Sydney closed in on the Kormoran until it was parallel with the German ship , little more than 1,000 yards away . "  Sydney obviously thought the ship was friendly and was taken by surprise when , after she asked what she believed to be  a friendly ship  to give her secret call sign , the response was a number of salvos that destroyed Sydney 's bridge and amidships superstructure and a torpedo strike that crippled the ship and her forward guns , " the report said . The Sydney had given up its tactical advantage of speed and armaments by getting so close to an unknown vessel , the report said . While that may have been an error of judgment by the Australian captain , Joseph Burnett , the report accepted that other factors -- which may never be known -- influenced his decision . "  It can never be known what matters were , in fact , operating in Capt. Burnett 's mind when he decided to take the Sydney to the position described . Nor can it be known what advice , if any , he sought from or was given by other officers on the bridge , " the report says . "  What is known , however , is that , in trying to identify the sighted ship , Capt. Burnett was performing his duty as a commanding officer . " The German ship inflicted "  enormous damage " on the Sydney during a battle that is believed to have lasted about 35 minutes and left 70 percent of the Sydney 's crew dead or incapacitated , said Cmdr. Jack Rush , the lawyer who presented the evidence gathered by investigators to a commission of inquiry led by a retired judge . It is likely that Burnett , the navigator , and all of the Sydney 's senior officers were taken out on the first salvo , Rush said . A torpedo tore into the Sydney 's bow , flooding the forward end of the ship , while the Kormoran fired an estimated 87 rounds from its 15-cm  5.9-inch  guns into the Australian cruiser . The Sydney limped away and sank sometime between 2 hours to 4 1/2 hours later , Rush said . During the battle , however , the Kormoran itself was hit by an Australian shell that damaged its engines and set the vessel ablaze . With hundreds of mines aboard , its captain ordered the crew to abandon ship , fearing the fire would set those off . Charges were set and the ship was scuttled . About 80 of the Kormoran 's crew of nearly 400 were lost . A search began only five days after the battle , when the Sydney failed to return to port in Fremantle . And an 11-day delay by Australia 's government in announcing the ship 's loss fueled what a 1999 parliamentary report called "  a proliferation of theories " about the fate of the crew -- that the ship was actually sunk by a Japanese submarine , that survivors were machine-gunned in the water or that the government hid bodies after they washed up on the beach . The commission thoroughly investigated all the theories and speculations surrounding the disaster and found no substance in any of them , said Terence Cole , president of the commission . Researchers found the Sydney 's wreckage in the Indian Ocean , about 207 km  128 miles  off Australia 's west coast . The commission was appointed in May 2008 and began its inquiry in January . "  For a long time our nation has struggled to understand how our greatest maritime disaster occurred . The unanswered questions have haunted the families of those brave sailors and airman that never came home , " Air Chief Marshal Angus Houston , the chief of the Australian Defence Force , said in a written statement .	Finding : Sydney 's captain , senior officers likely to have died in first salvo Sinking of Sydney II and loss of crew of 645 was Australia 's worst naval disaster German vessel , the Kormoran , was made to look like a cargo ship Both ships went down ; more than 300 on Kormoran survived ; wrecks found last year
CNN  -- The story of Ahmad al-Shayea is the story of all that has been wrong -- and continues to be wrong -- with the United States and our allies ' campaign against Islamist extremism . During 2004 , Ahmad had fought for Al Qaeda in Iraq against the United States . Indeed , he became famous as the first suicide bomber in Iraq to survive his attack . Known as the "  living suicide , " Ahmad was rehabilitated , both physically and mentally , at a U.S. Army hospital before being repatriated to his home country of Saudi Arabia . I met Ahmad at the Saudi government center also designed to rehabilitate jihadi militants . Ahmad and I became friends . We spent several days together and continued a correspondence for years after I left Saudi Arabia , until Ahmad went back to Syria and Iraq to join the Islamic State  ISIS  . Ahmad had been the poster child of the "  reformed " jihadi . He told me of his fondness for the American doctors and medics who nursed him back to health after suffering extensive burns from his bomb attack . Given ample funds and help finding a job by the Saudi government , everything was seemingly taken care of ; Ahmad was a terrorist no more . But what both the Saudis and Americans who tried to "  rehabilitate " Ahmad never addressed was the only thing that mattered to him . And that was his deep and abiding religious belief . Above all else , Ahmad wanted to be a good Muslim , devout and steadfast to the principles of Islam . Many Muslims consider being a martyr in holy war -- going to heaven to fight for the faithful -- the purest path to the truest faith . When the war in Syria and now Iraq began again , it was Ahmad 's faith that drove him . He is not alone . Among young Muslims in the Middle East , South Asia and even the West , their faith has become a race to the fundamentalist finish line . Whoever offers the purest Islam -- the real and most devout faith these young men seek -- will win the race . No amount of jobs , money or friendship with Americans matters . And no amount of American military force will ultimately matter either . Take the story of Ahmad again . The United States defeated him and his group Al Qaeda in Iraq some seven years ago . Ahmad was even the paragon of a successfully rehabilitated terrorist . And here we are fighting the same group again , for ISIS is largely Al Qaeda in Iraq reconstituted and re-energized , with Ahmad and many men like him their holy warriors once more . What can the United States do ? We must first recognize that this is not primarily a war between the United States and radical Islam . It is a war within Islam itself for the soul of the faith . Until Muslims and Islamic religious authorities in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere can offer a true and convincing vision of Islam to young men such as Ahmad , we will lose the battle for their souls . This is not an American government battle . By making it so , the U.S. government will continue this fight for years , if not decades , as President Obama concedes . An effective response against extremism can only come from Muslims themselves . What can the U.S. do ? We are not powerless . Whenever American national security is directly threatened , a limited use of American military power can be warranted , but only if is secondary and in support of effective local Muslim governments and local forces in the region . We can not lead , as the President is undertaking now . We can , however , help to expose the feckless nature of the radicals . In 2011 , U.S. authorities killed the radical Islamist cleric Anwar al-Awlaki with a drone strike in Yemen . Al-Awlaki allegedly inspired the Boston Marathon bombers . If the United States had disseminated the facts about Awlaki instead -- the cleric had been arrested for soliciting prostitutes in San Diego , a violation of Islamic precepts -- that may have accomplished more to discredit his religious standing among young men looking for an example of Islam than turning him into a martyr . Similarly , of the more than 100 Islamist radicals I 've interviewed , the most prevalent reason they expressed for leaving the radical cause was its "  un-Islamic ways . " Corruption being the key . Exposing the illicit oil trade of the Taliban , as well as its smuggling and narcotics trafficking could do more to defeat the group than all the drones in the world . But while the United States can help expose their corruption , it must be up to Muslims themselves to expose how and why their ideas are not the true and purest Islam . Thirteen years after 9/11 , it 's time America wakes up . This is not our war . Let 's stop fighting it . Ahmad al-Shayea tells us no less .	Ken Ballen : Ahmad al-Shayea 's story shows what 's wrong with campaign against extremists He says Shayea rejected Al Qaeda , was rehabbed by West , but returned to fight with ISIS West fails to realize : Key to Islamist fighters is Muslim faith . Military force wo n't win , he says Ballen : Muslims must fight their radicals ; U.S. can help expose leaders ' un-Islamic hypocrisy
CNN  -- When 4-year-old Ethan Stacy was reluctantly sent off to spend the summer with his mother late last month , he was in effect being given a death sentence . The child never had a chance . He was dead within two weeks of arriving at the apartment in Layton , Utah , where his mother lived with her fiancé . What could have been done to save him ? "  I do n't have a good answer for you , " Layton police Lt. Garret Atkin , one of many law enforcement officers in Davis County , Utah , who are grieving for the boy who lived among them so briefly , told me . The facts of what happened to Ethan speak for themselves : He was living with his father , Joe G. Stacy , in Richlands , Virginia . Stacy and his estranged wife , Stephanie , were involved in divorce proceedings . The divorce was being adjudicated in Florida , where they had lived before she moved west . Joe Stacy , in a divorce court filing last November , warned of his fears . His estranged wife was "  unstable , " he wrote to the court : "  The mother has abandoned the child and I 'm afraid the mother will come and take him and I 'll never see him again . " But the judge in the divorce case , Maura T. Smith , told The Associated Press that she never read the filing . Judge Smith said that Ethan 's parents had worked out a settlement , including shared custody , and that the finalization of their divorce last month was "  cut and dried . " Part of the decree was that Ethan would live with his dad during the school year , and with his mother during the summer . The child reportedly did not want to go to Utah with her . "  I did not want him to go , and he did n't want to go at all , " Joe Stacy told the Salt Lake Tribune . "  He kept telling me he did n't want to go . " But in late April , the divorce agreement newly in effect , the boy was put on a plane to fly to Utah with his mother . What allegedly happened next is described in affidavits prepared by the Layton Police Department : Ethan , his mother and her fiancé , Nathan Sloop , began living in their Layton home . On May 5 , Nathan Sloop , 31 , took the 4-year-old child into a bedroom and began slapping and hitting him on the face and head , police said . Ethan 's face began to swell . Police said his mother did not alert anyone or seek medical attention for her son . On May 6 , the couple went to the county courthouse in Farmington , Utah , to get married . They did not bring Ethan with them . The reason , according to police , was that they were "  afraid to take him out in public with the swelling and bruising to his face , " because they thought that if anyone saw Ethan 's injuries , they would call authorities . So , police detectives said , they removed the inside doorknob of the bedroom where they left Ethan , so he could not get out . For the next three days , police said , Ethan was vomiting , was lethargic , had a fever , and was not able to eat . His symptoms were consistent with a possible brain injury . Instead of trying to help the child , Nathan Sloop engaged in "  a systematic and progressively more violent pattern of abuse . " But no one knew . Joe Stacy had called his son every day after the child had been sent to Utah , but he told the Salt Lake Tribune that beginning on May 5 , his former wife began to make excuses on the phone for why the boy could not talk to him . "  I never did get a call back , " Stacy told the paper . On May 7 , police said , Stephanie Sloop returned home from shopping to find that Ethan had been scalded on his feet , legs and buttocks . Nathan Sloop said the boy had burned himself in the bathtub . Joe Stacy continued to try to call his son , but to no avail . On May 9 -- Mother 's Day -- Ethan was found dead in his bed . Police said that Nathan and Stephanie Sloop did not notify anyone , but instead began "  to formulate a plan to dispose of the body and deceive law enforcement . " The couple , according to police , wrapped garbage bags around the child 's body and drove to Powder Mountain . Police said Nathan Sloop took a hammer to Ethan 's face and teeth , in an effort to make him unrecognizable should anyone ever find him . The boy was then buried . Late the next night , Stephanie Sloop reported the child missing . She told the Layton police that Ethan had walked away from home . Some 40 officers , in foul weather , searched for the child . But before long the Sloops ' story began to fall apart . Late on the afternoon of May 11 , officers digging in the mud recovered his body . Nathan and Stephanie Sloop are being held in the Davis County Jail . He is being held on suspicion of aggravated murder , felony child abuse , obstruction of justice and desecration of a corpse . She is being held on suspicion of felony child abuse , obstruction of justice and desecration of a corpse . The Davis County prosecutor , Troy Rawlings , told me that he will file formal charges by next Friday , when the Sloops are scheduled to appear in court . The body of Ethan Stacy , who had never wanted to leave his father in the first place , was flown back to Virginia last week . That is where , with summer coming , he was buried , this time with dignity and with love . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Ethan , 4 , died on custody visit to mother and her boyfriend Father said Ethan did not want to go ; father did not want to send him , Greene writes Boy 's disfigured body found , police say mother and boyfriend 's story fell apart
Guantanamo Bay , Cuba  CNN  -- A judge needs to decide if new lawyers are needed to defend Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other prisoners charged in the September 11 terrorist attacks or if more hearings should be conducted on whether there 's any conflict of interest caused by an FBI investigation . A U.S. Justice Department lawyer acknowledged Monday that the FBI investigated members of the team representing Mohammed and the other Guantanamo Bay detainees accused of the September 11 attacks , prompting the lead defense lawyer to threaten to pull out of the case out of fears that he too is a subject of a federal probe . "  I do have a reasonable fear . I am trimming my sails . I am pulling my punches . I am being extremely careful about how I proceed , " David Nevel told the military commission hearing the case , adding that he canceled a trip to the Middle East to do investigative work . Defense attorneys argued that the FBI essentially infiltrated and spied on them by asking members of the team if the lawyers were engaged in suspicious activity . The lawyers said in court that two civilian investigators , a classification expert and Mohammed 's linguist were approached by the FBI . The FBI investigation centered on the release of classified information to unknown third parties that are not part of the case . Fernando Campanor-Sanchez , an assistant United States attorney , said the investigations are now closed and that none of the lawyers or anyone else on team are currently under investigation . The four that were under investigation no longer work for the defense team . Undisclosed FBI questions could slow Guantanamo detainee trials	There could be more hearings on whether an FBI investigation caused a conflict of interest The FBI questioned four people on defense team , none of them lawyers Lead defense lawyer threatens to leave case , says he worries about being investigated , too Assistant U.S. attorney says no one is currently under investigation
CNN  -- The 2014 World Cup in Brazil has shown the growing global interest in football , according to early broadcast figures released by the game 's governing body FIFA . The first round of group matches have shattered TV viewing records worldwide and highlighted an increase in the amount of people watching football in countries that are n't known for their ardent fanaticism . Fans in countries such as the United States and Australia have tuned in in their millions to watch their national teams play in one of the biggest sporting events of the world . FIFA said the first-round game between the U.S. and Ghana brought in 11.1 million viewers on ESPN , a record high for its coverage of World Cup matches . The opening game of the tournament between Brazil and Croatia on June 12 had 42.9 million people watching on Brazilian network TV Globo , FIFA said , making it the most watched sporting event of the year . Italy 's 1-0 win over England was seen by 14.2 million on BBC1 in the UK and 12.8 million on RAI 1 , the highest TV audiences in both countries in 2014 . Some 26.4 million in Germany watched Thomas Muller score a hat-trick in the 4-0 win over Portugal on the ARD channel , which FIFA said was the country 's biggest 2014 TV sports audience . Japan 's defeat by the Ivory Coast was seen by 34.1 million on Japanese channel NHK -- double that of its next biggest sports broadcast this year . Other viewing highs were achieved in Argentina , France , the Netherlands , Croatia and the French-speaking part of Belgium . "  These record-breaking figures show just how popular football and the FIFA World Cup are across the world , from Japan to Argentina , " FIFA TV director Niclas Ericson said . "  We are seeing highly encouraging growth in interest in markets such as the United States and Australia . " FIFA said it had spent $ 150 million on broadcasting the 2010 World Cup in South Africa and was again investing significant amounts in the Brazil event . It said it agreed licensing agreements with over 700 media broadcasters , ranging from television to radio and the internet . "  The FIFA broadcast production of all World Cup matches makes this competition truly global and accessible for fans all over the world , " Ericson said . "  It therefore plays a crucial role in supporting FIFA 's core mission to develop football everywhere , and for all . "	FIFA says World Cup has produced record performances for broadcasters Opening game between Brazil and Croatia watched by 43 million on host network Japanese channel doubled its best sports numbers this year for Ivory Coast game
CNN  -- One of the two people killed when a corporate jet crashed into a row of homes in northern Indiana Sunday was a former University of Oklahoma quarterback who helped the school win two national championships in the 1970s , a school official confirmed Monday . Steven Davis , the 60-year-old former quarterback , and Wesley Caves , 58 , both of Tulsa , Oklahoma , were killed in the crash that also injured three other people in South Bend , said Randy Magdalinski , coroner of St. Joseph County , Indiana . Davis ' former Oklahoma coach , Barry Switzer , said Davis was n't a highly-regarded recruit , but excelled when he won a starting job . "  He went on to post a 32-1-1 record and help us win two national championships , " Switzer said . "  Steve was surrounded by great talent on those teams , but he was truly an exceptional leader . I was proud of him . The entire state of Oklahoma was proud of him . We still are . " OU athletic director Joe Castiglione said , "  We extend our sympathies to Steve 's family and others whose lives he touched . He was a great champion and someone who set a wonderful example for others . We will miss him very much . " The Hawker Beechcraft 390 that Davis and Caves were on slammed into a South Bend neighborhood , damaging three single-story homes . Davis and Caves died on impact . Two other people aboard were injured , as was one person on the ground , Assistant Fire Chief John Corthier said late Sunday . The plane was sheared in half -- its nose poking through the front window of a shattered home . It was attempting to circle back to the city 's regional airport after a failed landing attempt . Moments earlier , the plane 's pilot had radioed for help , CNN affiliate WNDU-TV reported . He was experiencing problems with the technical equipment , he said . The plane was almost on its back and was "  spiraling down , " resident Theresa Futa told WNDU . "  I 've never seen anything like that before in my life ever . " A representative of the National Transportation Safety Board arrived late Sunday to investigate the crash . The plane left Tulsa , Oklahoma on Sunday afternoon , and was scheduled to land at South Bend Regional Airport about 80 minutes later at 4:20 p.m. ET , WNDU reported . The troubled aircraft startled Shelby Ramirez , who was driving in the area . "  I happened to see the shadow and I said ` Oh my God . I 've never seen a plane that low , ' " Ramirez said . "  And I would say if it was 3 feet above the top of the car it was something . It could have dropped on us . " 3 dead after small plane crashes in Fort Lauderdale CNN 's Jim Spellman , Jackie Castillo , Dana Ford and Jessica Jordan contributed to this report .	One of the two who died was former University of Oklahoma quarterback 2 people on board a small plane died when it crashes into several homes Three people are injured The private jet damages three homes
CNN  -- Hoping to solve numerous cold cases , authorities on Thursday released more than a hundred photos of unidentified women and children found in a storage unit that belonged to a serial killer who appeared on "  The Dating Game . " Investigators are trying to determine if some of the people in the pictures were victims of Rodney Alcala , 66 , who was convicted in February of murdering a child and four women between November 1977 and June 1979 . A jury this week recommended a death sentence for Alcala , who appeared on the popular dating show in 1978 as Bachelor No. 1 . "  We balanced the privacy concerns of those depicted in the decision to release these pictures , " Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas said in a statement . "  Although we hope that the people depicted are not victims , we believe the release may help solve some cold cases and bring closure to victims ' families . " See all the photos A few pictures of men were also found among the portrait-style photos that were discovered in a storage unit that Alcala kept in Seattle , Washington , said Susan Kang Schroeder , a spokeswoman for the district attorney 's office . The locker also contained earrings that belonged to 12-year-old Robin Samsoe , who Alcala abducted and killed in 1979 , Schroeder said . The discovery of the earring in the locker has raised speculation that there may be other victims or that the photographs were trophies to Alcala , she said . "  The idea is to figure out if these are other victims that belong to other cold cases and if they are we can hopefully bring some closure to these victims ' families , " she said . "  We know that Mr. Alcala used his photography as a ruse to get close to his victims . " Authorities already believe that Alcala may be responsible for deaths in New York , Schroeder said . "  It 's very possible , " Schroeder said . "  Mr. Alcala is a predatory monster and we believe that he destroyed many lives everywhere he went . " According to the Orange County District Attorney , Alcala was convicted in 1972 of kidnapping and molesting a child in Los Angeles County in 1968 . After serving a 34-month sentence , he was released . In November 1977 , Alcala raped , sodomized and murdered Jill Barcomb , an 18-year-old New Yorker who had recently moved to California , the district attorney said . "  The defendant used a large rock to smash in the victim 's face , causing blunt force trauma , and strangled her to death by tying her belt and pant leg around her neck . He then left the victim 's body in a mountainous area in the foothills near Hollywood . " The body was discovered soon after , and biological evidence was collected , but DNA technology was not yet available to find her killer . The following month , Alcala raped , sodomized and murdered 27-year-old nurse Georgia Wixted , according to the district attorney . "  The defendant used the claw end of a hammer to beat the victim and smash in her head . He strangled her to death using a nylon stocking and left her body in her Malibu apartment , " according to the district attorney 's Web site . Again the body was discovered and biological evidence was collected , but no link was made to Alcala . All this occurred before Alcala charmed "  Dating Game " contestant Cheryl Bradshaw in 1988 . Though Bradshaw chose Alcala as her date , she reportedly refused to go out with him . Alcala may have appeared likable to viewers at home , but Bachelor No. 2 , Jed Mills , said he was the complete opposite when they sat together in the green room before the show . Mills said he had an almost immediate aversion to Alcala . "  Something about him , I could not be near him , " Mills recalled . "  He was very obnoxious and creepy -- he became very unlikable and rude and imposing as though he was trying to intimidate . I wound up not only not liking this guy ... not wanting to be near him ... he got creepier and more negative . He was a standout creepy guy in my life . " Mills said he still has a difficult time discussing Alcala . "  Just talking about it , I get a tightness in my stomach , " he said , "  It kind of sinks in slowly . What this guy did , it 's hard to express . He kind of haunts me a bit . " Two more slayings followed the year after Alcala appeared on the show . In June 1979 , he raped and killed 21-year-old Jill Parenteau in her Burbank apartment , the district attorney said . "  The defendant strangled the victim to death using a cord or nylon . Alcala 's blood was collected from the scene after he cut himself crawling through a window . Based on a semi-rare blood match , Alcala was linked to the murder , " the district attorney 's Web site said . Though he was charged with killing Parenteau , the case was dismissed after his first conviction in the Samsoe case . In that case , Alcala approached a 12-year-old at the beach in Huntington Beach and asked her to pose for pictures , after which she rode off on her bicycle toward a dance class , the district attorney said . She did not make it . "  The defendant kidnapped and murdered Samsoe and dumped her body near Sierra Madre in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains , " the district attorney 's Web site said . Alcala was convicted for Samsoe 's murder in 1980 and sentenced to receive the death penalty , but the conviction was overturned by the California Supreme Court . A second trial in 1986 resulted in a death sentence , but it was overturned by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals . As he awaited a third trial , Alcala 's DNA was linked to the murder scenes of Barcomb , Wixted and Lamb . He was charged with the four Los Angeles murders , including Parenteau 's . Anyone with information regarding the identities of the women and children in the photographs found in Alcala 's storage locker is asked to contact Huntington Beach Police at 714-375-5066 or the Orange County District Attorney 's Office at 714-347-8492 .	Hundreds of portrait-style photos found in Rodney Alcala 's storage unit Authorities suspect some of the subjects could be victims of Alcala Alcala was convicted of murdering child , four women from 1977 to June 1979
CNN  -- Long overdue or not long enough ? Lawmakers are beginning to weigh in on the news of Attorney General Eric Holder 's resignation , which the former Justice Department prosecutor is expected to announce Thursday afternoon . Holder will resign after leading the Justice Department for over five years . He is one of only three remaining officials originally elected to President Barack Obama 's cabinet in 2009 . Who might replace Eric Holder ? As the first African-American person to hold the position of Attorney General , Holder 's legacy will be defined largely by his actions taken in cases involving civil rights , including suing to overturn state voting rights decisions in Texas and North Carolina , working to reduce prison sentences for nonviolent drug offenders , challenging Arizona 's controversial immigration law in 2010 , expanding federal recognition of same-sex marriage , and most recently , launching a federal investigation into the death of a young black teenager by a white police officer in Ferguson , Missouri . But despite actions that some consider to be major milestones , Holder 's legacy is also considered one of the most divisive in history . Here 's a roundup of Twitter reaction from Congress . .	Eric Holder is considered the most divisive attorney general in history . Many Republicans took to Twitter to celebrate Holder 's resignation Some Democratic lawmakers paid tribute to Holder on Twitter
Washington  CNN  -- Two federal judicial sources say they expect attorneys for accused Tucson shooter Jared Lee Loughner to ask that any trial be moved out of Arizona , possibly to San Diego , but the Justice Department indicated Monday it would opposed a move The sources said they expect the defense will make a formal motion in coming weeks to move court proceedings to a neighboring jurisdiction because of pre-trial publicity . "  Federal law dictates these offenses be tried in the district  Arizona  , " Justice Department spokeswoman Jessica Smith said . "  The Justice Department is moving forward in a manner consistent with the law , and will oppose any change of venue motions . " Earlier , federal sources said that whether to support an out-of-state change of venue , a move that has happened rarely in recent years , appeared to be an ongoing point of disagreement within the Justice Department . A trial also could be held in Arizona outside of Tucson , those sources said . There are federal courthouses in Phoenix , Flagstaff , and Yuma . A final decision would be made by the new chief judge of the federal courts in Arizona , Roslyn Silver . The 1994 Clinton appointee to the federal bench has taken over for Judge John Roll , one of the six victims killed in the January 8 shooting that also left U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , D-Arizona , seriously wounded . Federal sources say Silver -- if asked to move the trial -- would consult with officials of the 9th Circuit , the federal judicial region that includes nine Western states , including Arizona . San Diego , which is in the Southern District of California , is being considered since San Diego-based federal Judge Larry Burns has been assigned to preside over the Loughner case . The next court appearance for the suspect is January 24 in Phoenix , where Burns will preside . Several members of Loughner 's current defense team -- including Judy Clarke -- also are based there . San Diego is about 410 miles from Tucson . All federal judges in Arizona have recused themselves from the case . Sources say other possible out-of-state options for a trial would be Los Angeles , or Las Vegas . Federal prosecutors have the discretion to object to any proposed move out of state for any criminal trial , but they would have no authority to block it . The prosecution of the suspects in the 1996 Oklahoma City , bombing was moved to Denver at the defense 's request . But the 1982 federal trial of John Hinckley , the man who attempted to kill President Ronald Reagan , was held in Washington , where the shootings took place . He was found not guilty by reason of insanity . There are no clear guidelines on moving criminal trials out of a state or region . Judges in such cases have wide measure of discretion to decide , legal experts say . Federal judicial sources said they expect any consideration on the Arizona venue question to be several months off , at least . Those sources offered no guidance on when any trial would begin , saying such decisions are subject to a range of pre-trial motions that can be filed by both the government and defense . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : The Justice Department will oppose a change of venue , a spokeswoman says The defense is likely to ask for venue change soon , federal judicial sources say The decision rests with judge who replaced slain federal judge San Diego is considered because judge assigned to case resides there , sources say
Calling it a "  good-faith effort " to help the Egyptian people , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry released $ 250 million in economic aid Sunday , with a pledge of more if President Mohamed Morsy implements economic and political reforms . Kerry 's announcement came after a series of weekend meetings in Cairo with a cross-section of Egyptians and a two-hour session with Morsy on Sunday . "  When Egypt takes the difficult steps to strengthen its economy and build political unity and justice , we will work with our Congress at home on additional support , " Kerry said in a written statement on the talks . But right now , Kerry said , Egypt needs help . "  In light of Egypt 's extreme needs " and assurances by Morsy that he will take the steps necessary to obtain a major loan package from the International Monetary Fund , Kerry said the United States would provide the first $ 190 million of $ 450 million in already-promised support funds to the Egyptian government budget . In addition , Kerry said , the United States will provide $ 60 million in direct support for an Egyptian-American Enterprise Fund geared toward Egypt 's entrepreneurs and fund a higher-education initiative to help students , especially women , earn undergraduate degrees in science , technology , engineering and business . Kerry said he was banking on Morsy 's assurances that he would implement "  homegrown " reforms to help secure agreement with the IMF and "  put Egypt on the path to establishing a firm economic foundation and allow it to chart its own course . " Morsy "  agreed and said he plans to move quickly to do so , " Kerry said . But Kerry is not releasing all of the $ 1 billion the Obama adminstration pledged to Egypt in May 2011 , after the democratic revolution that toppled longtime strongman Hosni Mubarak . In addition to Sunday 's $ 190 million , there is an additional $ 260 million in budget support funds still pending . And in a separate tranche of money , there is a further $ 550 million for scholarships and loan guarantees . Release of these funds will depend on Morsy 's following through on political as well as economic steps . "  The brave Egyptians who stood vigil in Tahrir Square did not risk their lives to see that opportunity for a brighter future squandered , " Kerry said . "  The Egyptian people must come together to address their economic challenge . " Egypt 's heavily tourism-dependent economy went into a tailspin when the revolution began . The IMF has offered $ 4.8 billion in loans to help revive the country 's economy , under conditions that Egypt overhaul its finances , cut energy subsidies , raise taxes and reduce its budget deficit . Kerry said Washington -- long Egypt 's leading ally -- still has concerns about free and fair elections , human rights , police conduct , clampdowns on nongovernmental organizations and other problems that beset Egypt 's troubled transition to democracy . "  It is clear that more hard work and compromise will be required to restore unity , political stability and economic health to Egypt , " Kerry said . "  The upcoming parliamentary elections are a particularly critical step in Egypt 's democratic transition . " Egyptian Finance Minister Almorsy Hegazi said Sunday that he expects an agreement between Egypt and the IMF to be clinched before parliamentary elections on April 22 . But some prominent members of Egypt 's opposition have doubts about accepting IMF aid because of the strings attached to it . The April 6 youth movement said the loan "  puts the people in severe austerity measures . " Labor syndicates , independent think-tanks and Popular Party leader Hamdeen Sabahy have opposed IMF assistance . The conservative Islamic Salafist bloc opposes the loans because they require Egypt to pay interest , a violation of their interpretation of Islam , bloc spokesman Abdelmenem Shahat said . Former foreign minister and Arab League chief Amr Moussa said in February that he supports the IMF package , but is "  against relying heavily on the loan only . " Moussa called for an international conference to help lift the economy . But many businessmen want the country to go ahead with the loan as soon as possible . And Hegazi said the government 's reform program includes sections about social justice , fighting corruption and tax reforms and that it would be implemented whether or not Egypt comes to terms with the IMF .	Egypt says it will impose reforms with or without IMF loan Kerry releases $ 190 million to Egypt 's government , $ 60 million for business More money will come if Egypt implements reforms , Kerry says Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy has pledged to take steps to secure IMF loans , he says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The cause of a deadly Washington Metro subway crash last month remains a mystery , with one problem identified by investigators persisting even after engineers replaced a key part that was believed to be faulty , a top Metro official said Tuesday Investigators are shown at the crash scene in Washington . Nine people were killed in the June 22 accident . At a congressional hearing , Jim Graham said Metro replaced a device that was "  fluttering , " signaling the presence of a train one moment and not the next . "  You 'd think that that would remedy the issue , that ... we would have solved the problem , " said Graham , chairman of Metro 's board of directors . "  In fact , the new device ... continued the same fluttering as the former device . " "  We 're left with a very compelling mystery as to what is going on here , " he said . The National Transportation Safety Board , which is leading the investigation , acknowledged that Metro 's system of detecting trains continues to have unexplained , intermittent failures . "  Sometimes it 's working ; sometimes it 's not , even with those changes , " NTSB member Deborah Hersman told a House committee . "  We 've walked back the cable to see if there might be some cabling issues . There 's a lot of challenges here and we 're changing out some components and trying to identify what the problem is , " she said . Metro has said it will operate the subway trains on manual control until officials have identified and fixed the problem with the automatic train system . Nine people were killed and scores were injured during the June 22 crash just north of the Red Line 's Fort Totten station . At Tuesday 's hearing , a passenger on one of the trains gave a dramatic description of the accident . Patrick Tuite of Kensington , Maryland , said he had just put down his newspaper and closed his eyes to relax when he heard a screeching sound , someone yelling and "  one of the loudest bangs I 've ever heard in my life . " Tuite said in the impact , he hit the seat in front of him . When Tuite peered into the forward-most car , he saw extensive damage . The floor of the car had collapsed "  accordion-like , " he said . "  We could hear the people at this point in the first car , " he said . "  And it was pretty chaotic . They were screaming ; they were upset , " he said . But the collision had jammed the doors between the cars , making it impossible to reach victims in the front car . It was n't until he got off the train that he realized the first car was thrust into the air , he said . Eleanor Holmes Norton , the District of Columbia 's Congressional delegate , chided the NTSB for making prohibitively costly safety recommendations while ignoring cheaper , common sense solutions , such as putting the newer , more robust rail cars at the front and back of trains . "  Over and over again , you said , ` Do the impossible , ' " Norton , a Democrat , said , referring to NTSB recommendations that Metro replace older cars with sturdier new ones . "  Why did n't the transportation board at least recommend this rather low-tech , low-cost step ? " Hersman said the NTSB 's role is to push for safety improvements . "  We do make recommendations , Ms. Norton , and we do n't have to pay for them , so we recognize that frustration , " she said . "  But our charge is not to -LSB- consider costs -RSB- . Our charge is to recommend what we think is in the best interest of the safety community . We are the conscience and the compass of the transportation industry , and they -LSB- transportation providers and regulators -RSB- get to decide if and how they implement it , " Hersman said .	Unexplained , intermittent failures persist despite repairs , Metro official says Passenger recalls loud bang , "  accordion-like " collapse of floor , screams Delegate chides NTSB for making high-cost , "  impossible " recommendations 9 people killed , scores injured in June 22 crash near Red Line 's Fort Totten station
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With less than two weeks before federal money runs out for transportation projects across the country , a partisan showdown is developing between Senate Democrats and House Republicans over passing a new bill . The standoff , based on sharply differing views about the overall expense of the bill and how to pay for it , jeopardizes thousands of road and bridge construction projects . On Wednesday , House Transportation Committee Chairman John Mica , R-Florida , said the House would soon pass a three-month extension of existing funding to provide time for negotiations over a longer-term bill . But that idea was rejected by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , who said Tuesday he was "  inclined not to " pass a temporary funding extension . Instead , Reid said House Republicans should accept a two-year , $ 109 billion bill that recently passed the Senate with broad bipartisan support . Reid said tea party activists are to blame for the House 's refusal to consider the Senate bill . "  Millions of people depend on this highway bill that has passed the Senate on a bipartisan basis , " Reid said . "  They depend on it for their jobs . But it seems to me that the House has come to the conclusion , led by the House leadership , that they ca n't do anything unless they get a permission slip from the tea party . " Asked about Reid 's refusal to consider a short-term bill , House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , said Reid is taking a risk . "  I 'm sure that Majority Leader Reid does not want to cause any disruption in the flow of transportation dollars to the states or into the federal programs , " Cantor said . House passage of a temporary bill could put Democrats under enormous pressure not to let funding dry up . Permitting thousands of construction jobs to go idle , just as the economy begins to recover , could backfire on lawmakers , especially those seeking re-election . House GOP leaders are having trouble getting enough support for their five-year , roughly $ 260 billion version of the usually popular bill , partly because fiscal conservatives say it 's too expensive and should be scaled back . House Democrats , meanwhile , say the bill is a non-starter because it calls for drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , said recently it was possible that the House would take up the Senate bill , partially as a way to try to persuade wavering Republicans to come around and support the House GOP version . A three-month extension would give Boehner and his lieutenants more time to try again to round up votes . "  A short-term extension will give us time to build support for real , long-term reforms , including linking transportation funding to expanded American energy production -- which would lower costs , reduce our dependence on foreign energy , and create millions of American jobs , " Boehner 's spokesman , Michael Steel , said . Mica told reporters the House is expected to vote on the short-term measure next week before it leaves for a two-week recess .	The House is considering a GOP-backed 3-month extension of funding The Senate recently passed a 2-year , $ 109 billion bill Democratic Sen. Harry Reid blames the standoff on tea party activists Reid : House Republicans "  ca n't do anything unless they get a permission slip from the tea party "
EW.com  -- The official numbers are in and the winner is ... NBC , Tina Fey and Amy Poehler ! The 70th Annual Golden Globe Awards last night gave NBC its biggest ratings for the program in six years . Sunday 's awards delivered 19.7 million viewers and a 6.4 rating among adults 18-49 â $ " up 28 % in the demo from 2012 . That makes last night 's telecast the most successful Globes since 2007 among total viewers and the valuable adult demo . Last night 's Globes is also the season 's top awards program to date , eclipsing ABC 's CMA Awards , the Emmys and the American Music Awards . The ratings also mean Fey and Poehler 's hosting stint beat the last few years of snark-master Ricky Gervais leading the show . Yet credit for the ratings spike probably deserves to be spread around . One network analyst cited a combination of factors for the ratings surge â $ " the new hosts appealing to female viewers , NBC coming off its best fall performance in nearly a decade and less competition from rivals compared to last year . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Golden Globe Awards scored biggest ratings in six years Sunday 's awards delivered 19.7 million viewers and a 6.4 rating among adults 18-49 That 's up 28 % in the demo from 2012
CNN  -- An international team tasked with overseeing the effort to rid Syria of its chemical weapons has arrived in Damascus . The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said Tuesday that the inspectors are focusing on the initial planning phase of helping the embattled country destroy its chemical weapons production facilities . They plan to visit nearly 50 sites as part of the mission . Some are not convinced the plan will work . A defected Syrian general told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday that the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will never give up its chemical stockpile . "  The locations of most of the scientific research centers in Syria and the storage facilities are known and under surveillance , thus , he will give up those centers and facilities for sure without lying . That said , however , Bashar al-Assad will not give up the chemical stockpile , " said Syrian Brig. Gen. Zaher al-Sakat . Al-Sakat said that he defected from the Syrian military after he was ordered to use chemical agents . He said he swapped the chemicals out for something non-toxic to fool his commanders . The general said that in addition to four secret locations within Syria , the regime is currently transferring chemical weapons to Iraq and Lebanon , an allegation that the commander of the opposition Free Syrian Army , Gen. Salim Idriss , also recently made to Amanpour . Lebanon and Iraq denied the claims at the time , and CNN 's Barbara Starr reported that , if true , the claim would fundamentally shift the assessments of U.S. intelligence officials . The U.N. Security Council , capping a dramatic month of diplomacy , voted unanimously late Friday to require Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons -- or face consequences . "  Today 's resolution will ensure that the elimination of the Syrian chemical weapons program happens as soon as possible and with the utmost transparency and accountability , " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . The U.N. resolution was based on a deal struck this month between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said it left at least 1,400 people dead . CNN 's Mick Krever contributed to this report .	NEW : Syria will never give up its chemical stockpile , a defected general says Inspectors focused on planning to destroy chemical weapons facilities U.N. Security Council voted to require Syria to eliminate arsenal
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A Palestinian man plowed a stolen vehicle into a Tel Aviv police checkpoint and then stabbed several people early Monday morning , Israeli police said . Seven people were injured in the attack , including one critically , officials said . The man , in his 20s and from Nablus in the West Bank , stole a taxi in Tel Aviv and drove it to a checkpoint near a popular nightclub that was hosting a large party , said Israeli police spokeswoman Luba Samri . After crashing the car , he got out with a knife in hand , police said . He stabbed several passersby before he was apprehended , Samri said . Four police officers and three civilians were wounded in the attack , she said . Israeli Police Commissioner Yohanan Danino said the man had planned the attack in advance . "  Tonight 's event gives us additional proof that that terrorists are still motivated to carry out attacks , " Danino told reporters . "  There was a big event being celebrated tonight with many partygoers . The Israel Border Police deployment was exceptional and prevented a great tragedy . The terrorist attack ended with a relatively light outcome . " Meanwhile , the Israeli military said it had reinforced its military presence on the southern border , south of Gaza , due to "  ongoing terror alerts . " The new Israeli security concerns follow an attack earlier this month in which a group of heavily armed gunmen attacked a series of Israeli civilian and military targets in southern Israel near the border with Egypt . Eight Israelis were killed in those attacks and the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held Gaza-based militants responsible and initiated retaliatory airstrikes . Since then , Palestinian militant groups have fired dozens of rockets and mortars into southern Israel and Israel has responded with punitive airstrikes . Nearly two dozen Palestinians and an Israeli have been killed in the violence , with scores injured on both sides .	NEW : Israel beefs up military presence on the southern border Seven people are hurt The checkpoint is near a popular nightclub He stabs several passersby , police say
Port-Au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- In the wake of Hurricane Tomas , cholera has reached the congested capital of Port-au-Prince , where as many as 73 people have come down with the potentially deadly infection . Dehydration is one of its tell-tale signs . In a camp in Cabaret , just east of Port-au-Prince , children lie on cots as life-sustaining fluids are pumped intravenously into their bodies . The cholera outbreak in Haiti has now killed 583 people and another 9,123 people have been hospitalized , according to Gabriel Timothe , director general of Haiti 's Ministry of Health . Medical personnel fear rising waters over the banks of Haiti 's Arbonite River , which they say is a source of contamination , have increased the risk of a wider rate of infections . "  We 're doing everything we can to mitigate -LSB- the -RSB- spread , " Dr. Jon K. Andrus , deputy director of the Pan American Health Organization , said during a press conference on Tuesday . Health officials had braced for problems after Tomas , fearing the hurricane that battered the Caribbean nation over the weekend could worsen the cholera outbreak . On Monday , Dr. Toni Eyssallenne of Hospital Bernard Mevs confirmed the first case of cholera -- in a 3-year-old boy -- to originate and manifest entirely in Port-au-Prince . Two more cases were confirmed Tuesday by Eyssallenne . A 41-year-old woman who contracted the disease has not traveled in a year , the official said . A 33-year-old who lives in a tent city uses a communal water source . She , too , did not bring the infection into the city . Previous cases had been centered in Haiti 's Artibonite and Central Plateau regions , including the city of St. Marc , north of the nation 's capital . Until Monday , health officials said that those being treated for cholera in Port-au-Prince all contracted the disease elsewhere . The young Port-au-Prince boy lived in a tent city across the street from a place that sells macaroni , and he had not traveled in over a year , and he had n't had any contact with people from St. Marc or the Artibonite region , Eyssallenne said . After suffering from nausea and diarrhea , the boy was treated and released from the hospital after his condition improved . Hurricane Tomas ' trek past Haiti killed 20 people and injured another 36 , a Communications Ministry official said Monday . Seven people were missing and 5,954 were homeless , the official said . Health officials fear that the water dumped by the storm will worsen the outbreak . The concern is that overflow from latrines and septic tanks could contaminate the supply of fresh drinking water and contribute to the spread of the bacteria . In the capital , the canals were not overflowing , said American Red Cross spokeswoman Andrea Koppel . But that was not the case in cities west of the capital , which bore the brunt of Hurricane Tomas , she said . Still , even Port-au-Prince looks and smells like a dump -- a caldron of water , garbage and human waste . "  We get used to it , " said one resident . Ten months after a magnitude-7 earthquake laid waste to much of the nation , people compete with animals scavenging through the ubiquitous dumps for scraps of food . "  The quick solution is management , " said Environment Minister Jean Marie Claude Germain . "  Management meaning that you have a structure in place , but the structure was not conceived with the slums in mind . " But most of the residents of Port-au-Prince live in slums . "  We 're working on it , " Germain said . "  We will work with the private sector . " CNN 's Paula Newton contributed to this story .	NEW : Two more Port-au-Prince cases confirmed The official death toll from cholera in Haiti is 583 More than 9,000 cases have been confirmed As many as 73 people have come down with cholera in Port-au-Prince
CNN  -- The director of Iraq 's largest hydroelectric dam shot down reports Monday that it had been seized by the radical Islamic State , saying Kurdish forces fended off an assault . Fighters with the Islamic State , formerly the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , were pushed back after gaining access to a housing compound for employees who work at the dam just north of Iraq 's second largest city , Mosul , Abdul Khaliq al-Dabbagh , the director of the Mosul Dam , said . Conflicting reports about who was in control of the dam on the Tigris River began Sunday amid news of fierce fighting between Islamic State fighters and Kurdish forces , known as Peshmerga . A Kurdish commander told CNN on Sunday that ISIS had taken control of it , though employees remained at the dam . But al-Dabbagh said the Peshmerga held their positions until reinforcements arrived early Monday morning . ISIS -- known for killing dozens of people at a time and carrying out public executions , crucifixions and other acts -- has taken over large swaths of northern and western Iraq as it seeks to create an Islamic state that stretches from Syria into Iraq . The United Nations in Iraq warned that 200,000 civilians were trapped in dire circumstances after the Islamic State and associated armed groups "  seized control of nearly all of Sinjar and Tal Afar districts " in the northern Ninevah province , including several small oil fields that border Iraq 's Kurdish region . Most of the people who fled districts are minority Kurdish Yezidis , an ancient religious sect with ties to Islam , Christianity and Judaism . A large number have taken refuge in the Jabal Sinjar mountains , the United Nations said . Kurdish fighters battled ISIS in an attempt top retake Sinjar -- a small town inhabited by the Yezidi sect -- on Monday and have been engaged in house-to-house battles in some of the fiercest fighting since the fall of Mosul to the Islamic militant group in June , a Kurdish commander said . Both sides are using heavy weaponry , the source said . Fighting has also been reported in the border town of Rabia , with Syria-based Kurds joining the battle against Islamic State militants . Meanwhile , the head of the Kurdistan Regional Government , Massoud Barzani , told a group of Yezidi sect leaders that his government would liberate Sinjar , according to a report on the government 's website . Barzani said the Kurds had been fighting without any help from the Iraqi government or the international community . The State Department said Sunday that it was "  actively monitoring the situation " in Sinjar and Tal Afar , and said that the United States is supporting both Iraqi security forces and Peshmerga forces in the fight against the Islamic State . "  The assault over the past 48 hours on territories along the border of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region and focusing on towns and villages populated by vulnerable minorities , demonstrates once again that this terrorist organization is a dire threat to all Iraqis , the entire region and the international community , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . Islamic State takes control of Iraq 's largest dam U.S. agrees to send 5,000 more Hellfire missiles to Iraq	NEW : Dam is in the hands of Kurdish forces , not the Islamic State , an official says There has been fierce fighting in the Iraqi town of Sinjar , close to Syria , a source says Kurdish fighters are engaged in house-to-house battle with Islamic State , source says Sinjar fell to ISIS fighters over weekend , police say
New York  CNN  -- Spirit Airlines reached a tentative agreement with its pilots on Wednesday that will end the five-day-old strike that halted the airline 's operations , a union official said . Pilots will return to work and Spirit 's operations will resume on Friday , the airline said on its website . "  Our pilots worked hard to get a mutually favorable deal that allows the company to grow while improving their wages and benefits , " said Ben Baldanza , president and CEO of Spirit . The tentative agreement was reached around 1 p.m. Wednesday , according to Capt. Sean Creed , chairman of the Air Line Pilots Association at Spirit . "  It does move closer to the goals that we established for our pilot group and we will move forward with taking it to our pilots for a ratification vote , " Creed told CNN . Spirit 's 440 pilots walked off the job Saturday morning after an ongoing dispute with the airline over the pilot 's pay level . "  Our co-pilots were making significantly below the industry standard , " Creed explained . The walkout completely grounded the airline . Flights were abruptly cancelled for several days leaving customers scrambling to make other travel arrangements . In effort to make amends with passengers Spirit is offering customers a coupon for $ 50 off their next flight between June 18 and November 17 and 5,000 free Spirit bonus miles . "  We apologize to those customers whose travel was disrupted as a result of the strike and look forward to earning their trust with ultra-low fares , great service and the best pilots in the sky , " Baldanza said in a statement .	Spirit Airlines will resume operations Friday , company 's website says Pilots ' union official says deal reached Wednesday afternoon Spirit 's 440 pilots walked off job Saturday after ongoing dispute over pay Customers left to scramble for other arrangements
