NORTH ATTLEBOROUGH , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Ron Hassell stares at one really worn-out brown leather loafer . Ron Hassell has seen his share of heels . And soles . His grandfather taught him the shoe-repair trade . "  This is a shoe I do n't want to tackle , " he grimaces as his finger traces holes on the bottom . "  I tried to talk the guy out of fixing it , believe it or not . " The cobbler grabs a tool to rip off the entire sole . "  Some guys get a favorite pair of shoes . ... as you can tell , this guy wore this one to death . " He brings one of the shoes to a grinder that files down the last of the old sole and heel . "  It 'll look brand new when I 'm done , " Hassell says . Hassell 's shoe repair business , tucked into the corner of a three-story building in downtown North Attleborough , Massachusetts , is a trade and a tradition . The shop he now owns , North Shoe Repair , once belonged to his grandfather , who taught him everything he knows about being a cobbler . "  He was one of the best , " Ron says , and he knows this because that 's what all the salesmen -- the ones who sold products to all the local shoe repair shops -- would tell him . There are not a lot of cobblers left in the area , but Hassell 's business has been steady and has even picked up in the last year . He sees the economy as one reason . It 's far more economical to spend $ 12.50 on a pair of $ 125 shoes than to buy new ones . Hassell , however , sees another reason for being busy . With few young people entering the trade , customers seek out cobblers when theirs retire . "  I used to be the youngest that I knew of , because I started when I was twenty . Of course I 'm close to fifty now , and I 'm still probably one of the youngest around here . " Watch the craftsman at work " He continues to work on the really beat-up pair he did n't want to face . He uses special cutting and sewing machines to attach new leather to the bottom . Glue is pasted onto parts and the grinding machine is visited several times , both to sand off rough edges and later to polish them to a shine . He 'll go back and forth to the various shoes that have been brought in and stop to wait on people bringing in his next challenge to repair . His customers seem satisfied with the results they get , and some have been loyal to his business for years . "  I came when his grandfather was here , " says Inez Cavallaro , who had come to the shop to pick up a pair of sandals Hassell had fixed . "  I hope he always stays here , because he 's great . "  He has done some magical things for me . " The comments do n't go unnoticed by Hassell . "  You know , what 's pretty cool is , customers , they get pretty happy . You get that all the time , and it makes you feel good . " Using an old shoe brush to polish what had started the day as a hopeless pair of old shoes , Hassell puts the final touches on what now look like shoes just bought from a store . "  Better than I thought they were going to come out , " he says , looking them over one last time . Hassell says he enjoys his craft because he knows what he does is appreciated . As one customer leaves his shop and says goodbye , she stops in the door and turns around . She looks back at Hassell and says , "  Do n't go out of business , now ! " As long as he can , that 's something Ron Hassell has no intention of doing .	Shoe-repair business is a trade and a tradition in small Massachusetts shop Repairman cites economic downturn as factor in current uptick in his trade It 's far more economical to have shoes repaired rather than buying new ones Some customers have been coming to shoe-repair shop for years
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The collective cry throughout India of "  Jai ho "  May you win  received a resounding answer when composer A.R. Rahman took home two Oscars for the movie "  Slumdog Millionaire . " Composer A. R. Rahman , "  The Mozart of Madras , " celebrates his double Oscar win -- for Best Score and one for the song "  Jai Ho " from the film . Rahman 's wins -- one for the song "  Jai Ho " and the other for Best Score -- were just two reasons for Indians to erupt in boisterous celebrations Monday morning . "  Slumdog , " which was shot in the streets and slums of Mumbai bagged eight golden statuettes in total , including one for Best Sound Mixing . Indian Resul Pookutty shared it with fellow sound editors who worked on the film . "  This is the finest hour of Indian cinema in the global scenario , " said Anand Sharma , the country 's junior external affairs minister . Indians crowded around television sets in dorm rooms , restaurants and homes , exhaling in relief as Rahman 's name was announced as the winner . They high-fived each other , hugged , shrieked and wept . "  I can not describe this feeling , " said Nikhil Jyonti , a Mumbai resident . "  I 'm bursting with pride for India . " In the Mumbai slum of Dharavi , where many of the scenes in "  Slumdog " were shot , a television was set out for the street children to watch the ceremony . Few in the teeming slum of one million people had heard of the Oscars , but they knew Rahman 's win was a source of pride for the country . Danny Boyle 's rags-to-riches film tells the story of a tea-boy at a Mumbai call center who earns a spot in the Indian version of the quiz show "  Who Wants To Be a Millionaire ? " He raises the suspicion of the show 's host when , despite the lack of a formal education , he begins to answer the increasingly difficult questions with ease . The movie also won four Golden Globes and a host of honors at other award shows . While the overwhelming sentiment was one of pride Monday , the movie has faced backlash from many Indian movie critics who took exception to its depiction of Mumbai 's underworld without highlighting any of the city 's achievements . Among the most notable criticisms was one offered by Amitabh Bachchan , considered the most successful movie star in Bollywood history , and a former real-life host of the Indian "  Millionaire . " The film , " he said , "  projects India as the third world 's dirty underbelly ... and causes pain and disgust among nationalists and patriots . " But most Mumabikers , still reeling from a terrorist attack in their city in November , embraced the movie while looking for something positive to root for . They found that in Rahman , a composer who has consistently broken barriers in his musical scores for dozens of Bollywood hits and is known as the "  Mozart of Madras . " Rahman has sold more than 200 million albums worldwide -- more than the Beatles -- but has remained relatively unknown in Europe and the United States . Director Spike Lee used one of his songs in his 2006 heist film , "  Inside Man . " Many hope the Oscar win will bring Rahman greater exposure . Rahman and Pookutty , however , are n't the first Indians with Academy Awards to their names . In 1992 , legendary Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray received an honorary award for his contribution to world cinema . And in 1982 , Bhanu Athaiya shared an Oscar for costume design for the movie "  Gandhi . " CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report	India celebrated composer A.R. Rahman winning two awards at last night 's Oscars Rahman won Best Score and Best Song for the film "  Slumdog Millionaire " Indian Resul Pookutty also won Best Sound Design for "  Slumdog Millionaire " Indian-made documentary "  Smile Pinky " won Best Documentary Short
CNN  -- We love it when an awesome rumor turns out to be true . As suspected , OutKast will indeed reunite at Coachella 2014 , headlining the three-day music festival in Indio , California , along with Muse and Arcade Fire . The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival will be a must-see for OutKast fans , who 've been anxiously waiting for Big Boi and Andre 3000 to begin performing as a duo again . The two artists have spent the past several years largely working on solo projects , with hints of an eventual reconnection surfacing regularly . In November , speculation grew that the two would choose Coachella for their big reunion , but it was n't until Wednesday night that the festival confirmed the news . Joining OutKast , Arcade Fire and Muse will be a number of newer faces , such as Lorde and Haim , plus established artists such as Nas , Motorhead and Pharrell . Coachella will run the same lineup across two weekends in April : the first edition is scheduled for April 11-13 , followed by the second stretch from April 18-20 . OutKast will kick off Coachella with acts such as the Replacements , Zedd , Girl Talk , Ellie Goulding and Haim , with Muse leading the second day along with Lorde , Foster the People , Pet Shop Boys , Queens of the Stone Age , Skrillex and Sleigh Bells . Closing out the event on both weekends will be Arcade Fire , Beck , Calvin Harris , Disclosure , Lana Del Rey , Chance the Rapper and more . Tickets will go on sale at 7 a.m. ET  10 a.m. PT  Friday . Coachella 's website says the best chance to score access is by registering for the second weekend .	Coachella confirms that OutKast will reunite at this year 's festival Rumors that the duo would perform together at Coachella began last fall Arcade Fire and Muse will join OutKast as festival headliners Southern California fest will run two weekends -- April 11-13 and April 18-20
CNN  Editor 's Note  July 8 , 2015  -- Questions have arisen about the identity of the girl who Dr. Sanjay Gupta helped operate on during a week in Nepal in the aftermath of a devastating earthquake . CNN is looking into those questions and will update our coverage as warranted . Gupta helped doctors at Bir Hospital in Kathmandu perform a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room on a young patient as described in this story ; it is the identity of the patient that is in question . Original story  Published April 27 , 2015  : Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- An ambulance arrives , and a young girl with a bandaged head and badly blackened eye is rushed into Kathmandu 's Bir Hopital on a wheelchair amid much commotion . She is Selena Dohal , 8 , and her skull was fractured when a massive earthquake shook her neighborhood , two and a half hours from the Nepalese capital , to the ground on Saturday . Blood has collected on top of her brain , in the right frontal area , and she urgently needs surgery to remove the clots . "  She went to get some water , and a house collapsed on her head , " her grandfather Ram Prasad Duhal tells a doctor . Her grandfather has accompanied Selena to the capital from Panchhkal while her parents take care of her injured brother , who has fractures to both legs . The girl has received some treatment at another hospital but has been brought to Bir in the hopes her life can be saved . "  She was badly crushed . The roof of the house was on her . She was found after a few hours , " neurosurgeon Bikesh Khambu says . She receives a craniotomy in a makeshift operating room . Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon and CNN 's chief medical correspondent , has scrubbed up at the request of a Nepalese medical team to help with the operation . The conditions are less than ideal . Gupta washes up using sterile water and iodine poured from a bottle rather than hot water from a scrub sink . Instead of electric drills , he relies on saws of the variety usually only used in war zones and natural disasters due to the lack of electricity . Despite the suboptimal conditions , the operation is a success , and her prognosis is good , Gupta says . It might not look it , but Selena is one of the lucky ones . Thousands were killed when a devastating earthquake rocked Nepal on Saturday . More thousands were injured , many of whom have flooded the capital 's overstretched hospitals . "  I 've seen a lot of situations around the world , and this is as bad as I 've ever seen it , " Gupta says . "  They need more resources , they need more personnel here right now , and they 're expecting many more patients as these rescue operations go on . "  They 're barely able to keep up right now . It 's part of the reason they asked me  to help  ; I think they 're asking anybody to try to pitch in . " How to help the earthquake victims Bir Hospital , a government facility , is one of the busiest in Kathmandu . Its inpatient wing , now scarred with cracks , was abandoned after big aftershocks Sunday , and doctors have scrambled to accommodate the influx of victims . More than 4,300 were killed in Nepal by the 7.8-magnitude quake , the strongest to hit the region in more than 80 years . More than 8,000 were reported to have been injured , but officials fear that number will be much higher once information emerges from remote areas . Many of the wounded are now across the road from the hospital at the Nepal Army Pavilion , a huge open space in central Kathmandu , and tarps have been erected at the front of the hospital for people to have shelter . Patients are housed here alongside other local residents who have fled their homes , finding shelter under tents . "  You should have been here yesterday . The building was shaking , and we all had to run out across the road , " neurosurgeon Paresh Mani Shrestha says . "  Everyone is scared to be there . We evacuated the patients ; no one wants to go there to work . " Looking for missing loved ones in Nepal ? CNN iReport wants to help Bir Hospital is a chaotic scene Monday as ambulances race in discharging new admissions , patients wail on stretchers in the lobby and distraught family members mill about . "  We have about 150 patients , but more are pouring in because the rescue is just happening , " Shrestha says . "  When it happened on Saturday , all we could do was go ` dead or alive ' -- that was the only triage we could do . " He says they received about 80 patients from Dharahara , the historic nine-story tower destroyed in the quake . "  There was nothing coming in yesterday , " Shrestha says . But now the rescue is underway , and patients are arriving at Bir from less-equipped satellite hospitals . Among them is a Western woman in a wheelchair , her arm in an improvised splint of branches . She comes from Langtang , north of Kathmandu , where reports are arriving of immense devastation . Doctors are seeing patients with head injuries , pelvic and lower and upper limb fractures , Shrestha says . Read earthquake stories from social media Hospitals were running short on supplies despite international efforts to rush in aid . Numerous aid groups and at least 16 nations rushed aid and workers to Nepal , with more on the way . And although the surgeons at Bir Hospital were able to save the life of young Selena , international aid agencies have warned that other children may not be so lucky . UNICEF , the U.N. children 's agency , said Sunday that nearly 1 million Nepalese children urgently need assistance . But some aid flights were delayed over the weekend due to aftershocks , leading to fears that many more may die before they get the help they desperately need .	Patients flood hospitals in Nepalese capital after devastating earthquake CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta helps with girl 's operation at Nepalese medical team 's request "  This is as bad a situation as I 've ever seen , " Gupta says
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- Iran broke international law by not disclosing sooner its recently revealed uranium enrichment site , the head of the United Nation 's nuclear watchdog agency said . IAEA 's Mohamed El Baradei says he does not think Iran has an ongoing nuclear weapons program . But the U.N. does not have credible evidence that Iran has an operational nuclear weapons program , Mohamed ElBaradei of the International Atomic Energy Agency said Tuesday . "  Iran has been on the wrong side of the law in so far as to inform the agency at an earlier date , " ElBaradei told CNN 's sister station in India , CNN-IBN . "  Iran was supposed to inform us on the day it was decided to construct the facility . They have not done that . " Still , he said , "  I do not think based on what we see that Iran has an ongoing nuclear weapons program . " Watch uproar over Iran 's nuclear ambitions " Iran has previously denied breaking the law . "  According to the -LSB- IAEA 's -RSB- current governing rules , there was no urgency in reporting anything about this installation and we could have not announced it , but we did so on order to contribute to trust-building and transparency and we did so much sooner than the required time , " Ali Akbar Salehi , director of the Iranian Atomic Energy Agency , said Sunday . ElBaradei 's comments came ahead of an expected meeting Thursday between Iran 's nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili , and representatives of the five permanent U.N. Security Council members , plus Germany . The meeting is scheduled to take place in Geneva , Switzerland . Last week , Iran wrote a letter to the IAEA revealing the existence of the facility . The admission prompted U.S. President Obama and the leaders of Britain and France to chide the Islamic republic publicly and threaten further sanctions . Iran claims its nuclear enrichment program is intended for peaceful purposes , but the international community accuses the country of continuing to try to develop nuclear weapons capability . The facility is located on a military base near the city of Qom , about 100 miles  160 kilometers  southwest of Tehran , and is thought to be capable of housing 3,000 centrifuges , according to the officials and the IAEA . That is not enough to produce nuclear fuel to power a reactor , but sufficient to manufacture bomb-making material , according to a U.S. diplomatic source who read the letter . Iran has said there is no nuclear material at the site . It announced Tuesday it will allow the IAEA to inspect the facility but did not offer a timetable . "  But we need to go and impress on him that we need to go , our inspector needs to go and inspect the facility and establish the facts , to discuss with them , " ElBaradei said .	IAEA claims Iran failed to disclose existence of second nuclear facility IAEA chief : No credible evidence Iran has ongoing weapons program International community fears Iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons Iran has denied claims , says nuclear program would be used for peaceful purposes
CNN  -- In an attempt to reduce open street prostitution and to improve security for sex workers , Switzerland 's largest city , Zurich , is opening "  sex drive-ins " Monday . The nine garage-style structures , located in Sihlquai , a former industrial zone in the city , are equipped with alarm buttons and guarded by security personnel to ensure the safety of the prostitutes . Customers are not allowed to leave the area with the sex workers . Read more : Brazil drops ` happy being a prostitute ' ad campaign "  Prostitution has escalated in the city , " said Michael Herzig , from the Zurich social services department . "  It was done out in the open on the street and men harassed passers-by . "  It was noisy and dirty because men took the prostitutes to a side street and left used condoms on the streets . The drive-ins are more discreet and safer . " Herzig leads the project , which has cost 2.4 million Swiss francs  $ 2.6 million  to set up . "  The project is extremely controversial . Prostitution is about morals and religion . But we leave these things aside and see it as a business . The humanitarian aspect is more important for us , " said Herzig . Around 30 to 40 women are expected to work at the site each night . Sex workers have to pay 5 Swiss francs per night to make use of the so-called "  sex boxes , " but customers do n't have to pay an entrance fee . Read more : Ahead of Brazil World Cup , free English classes planned for prostitutes The drive-ins are open daily from 7 p.m. to 5 a.m. and can only be accessed by car . Drivers have to follow a clearly marked route to get to the area , where customers and sex workers can discuss the services offered and agree on a price . The client can then drive into the allocated box , where the service is provided . There are also showers , toilets , a kitchen and washing machines for the women to use , as well as an advice center where they can seek help from social workers . A gynecologist comes in once a week to offer health checkups for the women . The city 's social services department is running the whole operation and also offers crash courses in German and self-defense courses for the women on site . "  All of this will enhance the sex workers ' living and working conditions , " Herzig said . Prostitution and consumption of paid sex are legal in Switzerland . Prostitutes are considered self-employed and are liable for taxation . "  We are trying to promote the independence and self-determination of the sex workers , " he said . "  It 's not a unique concept . We went to Utrecht in the Netherlands and Cologne and Essen in Germany , where similar projects exist , to speak to organizers . In Utrecht it 's been successfully implemented since 1986 . " As well as backing from the authorities , the project in Zurich has a democratic mandate : A referendum was held in March 2012 , with 52 % of voters in favor .	Sex workers will operate from garage-style structures with alarm buttons and guards The move is intended to take prostitution off the streets of Zurich , says project leader Some 30 to 40 women are expected to work at the site in Sihlquai each night The women can get health checkups on site , as well as advice from social workers
CNN  The winning machine that is Lindsey Vonn proved unstoppable again Sunday with rivals left trailing in the World Cup super-G at St Moritz . Vonn had disappointed in the downhill on the same slopes 24 hours earlier , but reasserted her dominance in the speed events with an emphatic victory . It extended the 30-year-old American 's all-time record to 64 World Cup wins and she became the first woman to win a super-G at the famous Swiss resort on three occasions . Vonn only leveled with Austrian great Annemarie Moser-Proll on 62 wins last weekend in Cortina d'Ampezzo , then watched by her boyfriend Tiger Woods , broke the record with a super-G success at the same venue . Her latest triumph repeats a feat she last achieved in December 2012 of back to back super-G wins . Vonn has returned to the World Cup circuit in superlative form after the injury woes which cost her the chance to compete in the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi and starting number 17 on Sunday produced a near-perfect run of one minute 23.55 seconds . Only second placed Anna Fenninger of Austria got within a second of Vonn , the Olympic champion in super-G finishing 0.24 seconds adrift . A second Austrian , Nicole Hosp , took third at 1.10 seconds slower . Home home Lara Gut , who won Saturday 's downhill , crashed out in the netting , while overall World Cup leader Tina Maze of Slovenia again disappointed in 18th spot . It is completing perfect preparation for Vonn ahead of next month 's world championships in Vail , Colarado . On the men 's World Cup circuit. , Sweden 's Mattias Hargin claimed victory in the slalom at Kitzbuehel . He took full advantage of a mistake on the second leg by home favorite Marcel Hirscher , who was relegated to second after leading first time down . It was Hargin 's maiden World Cup win , with last year 's winner Felix Neureuther of Germany in third .	Lindsey Vonn wins World Cup super-G at St Moritz Extends record for World Cup wins to 64 Preparing for next month 's world championships in Colorado Sweden 's Mattias Hargin secures maiden WC win at Kitzbuehel .
CNN  -- In a few days , people in the Midwest and Northern Plains will have reason to be jealous of what their countrymen in the Northeast are going through now -- digging out from as much as 2 feet of snow , dealing with the effect of blizzard-level winds , and feeling the heat of below-zero temperatures . Because as cold as it is now , it 's practically tropical compared to what 's coming . Think lows in the -20 s Fahrenheit across North Dakota and Minnesota , with wind chills of -50 or even more frigid , according to the National Weather Service . Sunday night in Chicago will be a brisk minus 16 to 20 , or 35 below to 45 below zero if you factor in the Windy City 's wind . Those at Lambeau Field for the Green Bay Packers vs. San Francisco 49ers NFL game may cheer against overtime , given that the wind chill may dip to 50 below in Wisconsin that night . As the weather service 's Twin Cities , Minnesota , division warns , "  Exposed flesh can freeze in as little as five minutes with wind chills colder than 50 below . " The same agency tweeted that this system will produce "  the coldest air in two decades . " In fact , between Friday and Wednesday , nearly 140 million Americans -- nearly half the nation -- will experience temperatures of 0 degrees Fahrenheit or below , according to a CNN calculation . As Packers head coach Mike McCarthy said Friday : "  This is not the norm . " ` The snow was absolutely insane ' It 's not like those who braved the latest storm have it easy . Just ask Ford Fischer . The CNN iReporter spent part of Friday trying to clear the driveway around his home in Boxford , Massachusetts , where the weather service said more snow -- 23.8 inches -- fell than in any other community hit by the Thursday-into-Friday nor'easter . Every time he finished a spot , he 'd turn around and see it covered with snow again . "  The snow was absolutely insane , " Fischer said , "  and totally nonstop . " Even after the snow was done , he and others affected by this storm system were in for a tough few hours , thanks to the cold . Temperatures in parts of New York City , where as much as 8 inches of snow fell , were predicted to drop to zero Friday night for the first time since January 1994 . It was also set to dip below zero , with minus 17 wind chill , in Boston after nearly 18 inches of snow . Fears of widespread power outages did n't come to bear , despite blizzard-level winds in some places . By 5 p.m. Wednesday , major utilities in New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and New England were reporting just over 1,100 outages , a far cry from a major nor'easter last February that knocked out electricity to more than 630,000 customers . As happens with such weather , there was tragedy as well . Three people died in car accidents in Pennsylvania -- including one man crushed as he was moving street salt with a forklift . Emergency management agency spokesman Cory Angell said these deaths were weather-related . In Byron , New York , a 71-year-old woman wandered away from her home Thursday night and was later found dead in the snow in a wooded area about 100 yards away , the Genesee County Sheriff 's Office reported . In Oakland , New Jersey , a calamity was averted when authorities rescued a 34-year-old man who fell through ice in Ringwood State Park as he tried to retrieve one of his snowshoes , said environmental protection department spokesman Larry Ragonese . Air traffic delays abound Then there were the thousands stuck at airports nationwide because of system-wide delays -- though at least they were suffering inside , not in the frigid cold . FlightAware.com , which tracks cancellations due to weather and mechanical problems , said about 3,000 flights were canceled for Friday within , into or out of the United States . That 's after more than 2,600 U.S. flights were canceled on Thursday . Though the temperature in Las Vegas was 52 degrees -- above zero -- passengers there were also feeling the storm 's sting . Long lines formed inside McCarran International Airport at the counters for Southwest Airlines , which had canceled many of its flights from Chicago . The airline carries 40 % of the airport 's passengers , according to Chris Hayes , an airport spokesman . "  We are doing everything possible to get back up and running as soon as possible , " Southwest Airlines spokesman Dan Landson said on Friday afternoon . Flights resumed by late Friday morning in much of New England , though delays were common , and ticket holders were urged to check with their airlines . Barb Plooster had planned to fly Friday from Erie , Pennsylvania , to Grand Rapids , Michigan , but her flight was canceled . She told CNN affiliate WICU that she was on the phone with United Airlines for five hours trying to find a way to get home , but concluded she will have to wait until Monday . "  We got a warm place to stay , get to visit the kids , the grandkids , so it 's OK , " she said . Historically cold arctic air mass This being winter , after all , there 's more snow coming -- and perhaps more delays , more accidents , and more headaches . One storm threatened to bring blizzard conditions to North Dakota as well as parts of South Dakota and Minnesota on Friday night and Saturday , the weather service said . And cities like St. Louis , Cleveland , Pittsburgh , Buffalo , Indianapolis and Cincinnati -- the latter of which will play host to a Bengals vs. San Diego Chargers NFL football game -- could get hit with significant snow Sunday and Monday . Some areas will get some reprieve as temperatures rise in the coming days . But they better not get too comfortable , as the temperatures will reverse course starting Sunday . Parts of the Midwest could see temperatures not recorded in 15 to 20 years , and for a painful stretch . Chicago , for instance , could see subzero temperatures from Sunday evening until Wednesday . Even areas as far south as Nashville , Tennessee , could be basking in zero-degree cold as the arctic air mass dives southward at the beginning of next week . That 's not just an inconvenience : That cold is dangerous . And it 's why school will be canceled in places like Milwaukee and the entire state of Minnesota -- areas hardly unaccustomed to Old Man Winter 's bite -- on Monday . "  I have made this decision to protect all our children from the dangerously cold temperatures , " Minnesota Gov. Mark Dayton said in explaining his decision to call off classes statewide . CNN 's Rande Iaboni , Brandon Miller , Dave Hennen , Sherri Pugh , Lateef Mungin , Jareen Imam , Kristin Hamill , Chuck Johnston , Ashley Fantz and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	NEW : Some 3,000 flights canceled Friday after more than 2,600 cancellations Thursday NEW : A man who fell through the ice in New Jersey is rescued , official says NEW : Weather service says system will bring "  coldest air in 2 decades " Some 140 million Americans will have temperatures of 0 or below , CNN estimates
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Actress Lindsay Lohan must remain in a drug rehabilitation program until January 3 instead of going to jail for violating her probation with a failed drug test , a judge ruled Friday . If Lohan violates the rules of her rehab program or fails a drug test before her next court date on February 25 , she will be sent to jail for 180 days , Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Elden Fox told her . Staying clean and sober until then would end Lohan 's supervised probation , and she can "  put this long episode behind you , " Fox said . "  Do you understand ? " the judge asked her . "  Yes , sir , " a sobbing Lohan said . Fox had ordered the actress to prison for a month in September , but she was freed 14 hours after reporting to the facility when another judge granted her a $ 300,000 bail . Three days later , Lohan checked into the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , California . "  I wish that she could get it together , but I 'm not quite sure we 've gotten her attention yet , " prosecutor Danette Meyers said Friday as she asked the judge to send the actress to jail for 180 days . Meyers argued that Lohan has a pattern of checking into rehab "  every time she has a violation and jail is leering over her head . " Defense lawyer Shawn Chapman Holley told the judge that Lohan "  is trying her best " but "  relapse is a part of recovery . " "  She remains committed to the treatment program , " Holley said . Her probation officer recommended that Lohan be allowed to remain in rehab , Holley said . While Lohan did not speak beyond short "  yes " and "  no " answers in court , she did send a handwritten letter to the judge . The contents were not immediately disclosed . Fox , who took over Lohan 's three-year-long case in August , said he thought Lohan 's "  epiphany may have been encouraged by the fact that  she  went to jail . " "  I 'm not going to be manipulated , " the judge said as he began to lecture the 24-year-old actress . "  You are an addict , " Fox said . "  I hope you understand this . You have to change your lifestyle . " Otherwise , Lohan will destroy her reputation and be "  unemployable and uninsurable , " he warned . Lohan acknowledged in a series of Twitter messages last month that she failed the test and has a drug problem . "  Substance abuse is a disease , which unfortunately does n't go away over night , " Lohan wrote . "  I am working hard to overcome it and am taking positive steps . " The Beverly Hills Courthouse has been the scene of several Lohan appearances over the past year related to violations of her probation for a 2007 drunken driving conviction . In July , Judge Marsha Revel ordered the actress to serve 90 days in jail and 90 days in rehab for violating her probation . The sheriff released her from jail after just 13 days because of overcrowding and her rehab stint at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center ended after 23 days . "  She has learned her lesson , " Holley told Fox as he agreed to let her out of rehab early on August 25 . Fox allowed Lohan to live in her West Hollywood , California , home as long as she followed a new set of rules , including regular drug testing . If she was successful for just 67 days , her supervised probation would end , he said . "  She 's very serious about her sobriety , " Holley said then . "  She looks forward to proving to the court that she is taking this seriously . " But she failed a drug test less than a month later , triggering Friday 's probation violation hearing . Lohan 's legal troubles began when she was arrested twice in 2007 on charges of driving under the influence , and in the second incident , she was charged with cocaine possession . The first arrest came after Lohan lost control of her Mercedes-Benz convertible and struck a curb in Beverly Hills , California . Just two weeks after checking out of a Malibu , California , drug and alcohol rehabilitation facility , she was arrested again in July 2007 after a woman called Santa Monica , California , police , saying Lohan was trying to run her down with a car . Lohan 's acting career , which started at 10 on the soap opera "  Another World , " took off on the big screen a year later when she played identical twins in Disney 's remake of "  The Parent Trap . " CNN 's Alan Duke contributed to this report .	Judge : If Lindsay Lohan breaks a rule before February 25 , she will go to jail for 180 days "  You are an addict , " Judge Elden Fox tells Lohan The actress checked into the Betty Ford Center last month
Seth Meyers ' post - "  Saturday Night Live " career is going rather nicely . Just a few months after leaving the sketch comedy series to take over NBC 's "  Late Night , " the network has announced that Meyers has been tapped to host the 2014 Emmy Awards . "  Seth 's expertise and ease in front of a live audience during his time at ` SNL , ' as well as his comedic brilliance both as a writer and in front of the camera on ` SNL ' and ` Late Night , ' makes him the perfect choice to host the Emmys , " Paul Telegdy , the network 's president of late night and alternative programming , said in a statement . This will be Meyers ' debut as an Emmys host , although he 's no stranger to the ceremony ; he won an Emmy of his own back in 2011 . Meyers will follow in the footsteps of prior Emmys hosts Neil Patrick Harris , Jimmy Kimmel , Jane Lynch and "  SNL " alum Jimmy Fallon . The Emmy Awards , now in the 66th year , will air live on NBC on August 25 . Billy Crystal to honor Robin Williams at Emmys	Seth Meyers has been picked to host this year 's Emmy Awards The comedian and actor recently took over NBC 's "  Late Night " He follows prior hosts Neil Patrick Harris , Jimmy Kimmel and Jane Lynch The 2014 Emmys will air on NBC on August 25
CNN  -- Stacy Peterson disappeared five years ago , but the suspicions and fears she harbored about her husband haunted his murder trial and proved crucial in his conviction . Her words came to life through two crucial witnesses who conveyed Stacy 's remarks to jurors . That 's hearsay evidence , or what one person tells another outside a courtroom setting . The allowance of that evidence could possibly form the basis of an appeal by attorneys for former suburban Chicago police Sgt. Drew Peterson , 56 , who was found guilty Thursday of the 2004 killing of ex-wife Kathleen Savio . Stacy Peterson 's words and her husband 's conviction could also mean that he could face a new murder trial -- this time for the death of Stacy herself . "  Stacy , you are now next for justice , " Savio 's brother Nick Savio said after the verdict was read . Savio was Peterson 's third wife ; Stacy , his fourth . Stacy vanished in October 2007 , but her body has never been found . She left three children behind at home , and her family believes she was killed . But before Peterson can be charged again , prosecutors would have to prove that Stacy is dead and then that she was murdered . "  The longer someone is gone , the easier it is to prove they have n't just run away and that they are deceased , " said James Glasgow , the prosecutor in Will County , southwest of Chicago . "  October 28 , 2007 , is in our rearview mirror now , " he said . "  We are going to look at that case and assess it as it stands today , and if we feel confident in going forward , we will be doing so . " Peterson once fueled outrage in the media with his brash behavior and flippant remarks about his wife 's disappearance . But Thursday , he sat stone-faced in court as the verdict was read and returned to his jail cell as a murderer with little public sympathy . His case , however , could live on in the court system for years . Critical moments from the Drew Peterson trial "  You know what they say , a conviction is a first step in a successful appeal , " said Joel Brodsky , Peterson 's lawyer . "  Believe me , there 's several world-class appellate lawyers just waiting to get their teeth into this . " An appeal could be based on a number of issues , including potential prosecutorial misconduct . But at the heart of the Peterson trial controversy is the court 's allowance of Stacy Peterson 's disturbing comments , which jurors said were "  extremely critical " to reaching the guilty verdict . Jurors heard what she had said through the testimony of two key witnesses : the Rev. Neil Schori , Stacy Peterson 's pastor , and Harry Smith , Savio 's former divorce lawyer . Schori testified that Stacy told him she woke up in the middle of the night -- the same night that Savio was killed -- and noticed her husband was not in bed . "  After that , it was some time later , in the early morning hours , " Schori said . "  She saw him standing near the washer and dryer , dressed in all black , carrying a bag . She said that he removed his clothing , and then took the contents of the bag and put all of that into the washing machine . " Schori said Stacy told him that Drew told her he had killed Savio and then coached her to lie to police about it . And she did , Schori said . Juror Teresa Mathews said Friday that the jury was troubled that police interviewed Stacy while Drew was present . Smith testified that Stacy planned to divorce Drew and wanted to know if "  the fact that he killed Kathy could be used against him " as leverage . Just days after that phone call with Smith , Stacy disappeared . Her statements would be struck down in most courts of law : In 2004 , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that hearsay violates a defendant 's Sixth Amendment right to confront a witness testifying against him or her . But Illinois passed a special law in 2008 that allows such hearsay evidence in rare instances when prosecutors believe a person was killed to prevent his or her testimony . The law quickly became known as "  Drew 's law . " Defense attorneys argued that it was unconstitutional . They said it unfairly targeted Drew Peterson because it was passed after the case had already made national headlines . "  He is absolutely innocent , " Brodsky said of Peterson after Thursday 's verdict , adding that his client was convicted "  based almost entirely on hearsay . " Kelly Saindon , a former prosecutor in Chicago who attended parts of the Peterson trial , said the hearsay evidence was key . "  That was exactly the turning point when the prosecution hit their stride , " she told HLN . "  Stacy 's voice came in , and everyone knew she was gone and that Drew Peterson was a murderer . "  You could see it on the jury 's face , " she said . Savio was found dead in her bathtub on March 1 , 2004 . Her hair was wet , but the tub was clean and dry . Savio 's killing did not garner much publicity until Stacy Peterson went missing and investigators began looking again into the circumstances . They exhumed Savio 's body , re-examined it and issued a second report on her death . Savio , it said , was murdered . Peterson was arrested and charged in May 2009 with first-degree murder . His lawyers argued her death was accidental -- that she fell , hit her head and drowned . But jurors said Friday that they believed doctors who testified otherwise ; that Savio 's injuries were not consistent with a bathroom mishap . Jurors never saw any physical evidence connecting Peterson to Savio 's death . Nor was there testimony placing him at the crime scene . But they heard what Stacy said . The jury of seven men and five women deliberated for nearly 14 hours before reaching their verdict . When the panel adjourned for the night Wednesday , the jury was 11-1 in favor of a guilty verdict , juror Ron Supalo told reporters . He was the holdout and said it was Schori and Smith 's testimony about what Stacy had said that finally swayed him . "  The hearsay evidence was big , " he told CNN affiliate WLS-TV . "  It seemed all the evidence was pointing toward the defendant being guilty . " Jury foreman Eduardo Saldana said Friday the testimony of Schori and Smith played a big part in the jurors ' decision . Schori said he was "  hugely honored to be able to give Stacy a voice . " "  The jury did the right thing , " he said . "  And justice is coming for Stacy 's family , too . It 's going to happen . " Peterson was married to Savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old Stacy Cales , who eventually became his fourth wife . Savio and Peterson filed for divorce in October 2001 . Their relationship was contentious in the years following , and a legal battle ensued over the division of common property . A court was about to make a ruling in which Savio was expected to receive part of Peterson 's pension and other support . But Savio died before the decision . Peterson is set to be sentenced in late November . Illinois no longer has the death penalty . Peterson faces a maximum of 60 years in prison . The Peterson trial : Your questions answered	NEW : Jurors say hearsay evidence was critical in Peterson 's conviction Stacy Peterson disappeared in 2007 and is believed dead But her disturbing statements are presented in court through witnesses Defense lawyers argue hearsay is unconstitutional but Illinois made it legal in certain cases
CNN  -- A Southwest Airlines jet made an emergency landing in Charleston , West Virginia , on Monday after a football-sized hole in its fuselage caused the cabin to depressurize , an airline spokeswoman said . Southwest Flight 2294 made an emergency landing at Yeager Airport in Charleston , West Virginia , on Monday . There were no injuries aboard the Boeing 737 , which was traveling at about 34,000 feet when the problem occurred , Southwest spokeswoman Marilee McInnis told CNN . The sudden drop in cabin pressure caused the jet 's oxygen masks to deploy . Southwest Flight 2294 was en route from Nashville , Tennessee , to Baltimore , Maryland , with 126 passengers and a crew of five aboard , McInnis said . It landed at 5:10 p.m. after the crew reported a football-sized hole in the middle of the cabin near the top of the aircraft , McInnis said . What caused the damage to the jet had not been determined , she said . Both the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the incident , FAA spokeswoman Holly Baker said . "  There is no responsible way to speculate as to a cause at this point , " Southwest said in a statement Monday night . Watch as passenger describes watching the hole form " "  We have safety procedures in place , and they were followed in this instance to get all passengers and crew safely on the ground , " the airline said . "  Reports we have are that our passengers were calm and that our pilots and flight attendants did a great job getting the aircraft on the ground safely . " Southwest dispatched a replacement aircraft to take passengers on to Baltimore . See map of flight path " Charleston airport spokesman Brian Belcher said a local pizzeria provided food for the passengers as they waited . The damaged jet will remain on the ground there until federal inspectors can examine it , he said . In addition , all 181 of Southwest 's 737-300s -- about a third of the airline 's fleet -- will be inspected overnight after the emergency landing , McInnis said . Southwest does not expect the inspections to create delays , she said . CNN 's Shawn Nottingham and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Southwest Airlines jet makes emergency landing in Charleston , West Virginia Football-sized hole in fuselage causes cabin to depressurize , oxygen masks to drop No injuries reported aboard Boeing 737 ; Flight 2294 was traveling at 34,000 feet No determination of what caused the hole in middle of cabin near top of aircraft
CNN  -- Barmy about bunkers ? Crazy about caves ? From Congress 's former nuclear shelter to the Viet Cong 's tunnels and a Parisian necropolis , here are some of the world 's best subterranean sights . Coober Pedy , South Australia Tourists wanting to channel their inner Hobbit should head to Coober Pedy . Most of the South Australian town 's 3,000 residents live underground , where they frequent a subterranean church , restaurant , hotel and shops . The town produces 70 % of the world 's opal , and the blazing outback sun is the reason residents most prefer to live underground , as well as working there . Coober Pedy comes from the Aboriginal term "  kupa piti , " which means "  white man 's hole in the ground . " Find out more about Coober Pedy on the town 's website More : More camels than koalas -- 20 Australia discoveries Wieliczka salt mine , Krakow , Poland The Wieliczka salt mine , in southern Poland , was worked from the 13th century right up until 2007 . Now a two-mile-long section of Wieliczka -- accounting for only 2 % of the entire length of the mine 's passages -- is open to the public . Things to see include statues , a chapel and a cathedral carved out by miners , all under light cast by chandeliers made from rock salt . Wieliczka salt mine , DaniÅ ‚ owicza 10 , Wieliczka , Poland ; +48 12 278 73 66 ; tours from $ 11.50 The Paris Catacombs , France The catacombs of Paris are ideal for people who like their tourist attractions a little on the dark side . The catacombs contain the remains of more than six million people whose bones were interred here between 1785 and 1860 , when the city 's cemeteries became full . A tour explores one mile of the 180-mile-long maze of tunnels , which lie at a depth of 20 meters . The neatly stacked piles of bones within include the remains of many who lost their heads to the guillotine during the French Revolution . Paris Catacombs ; 1 , Avenue du Colonel Henri Rol-Tanguy , Paris , France ; +33 1 43 22 47 63 ; tours from $ 5.50 Cappadocia , Turkey The 200 so-called underground cities of Cappadocia -- dense elaborate networks carved into the soft rock of the Turkish region , capable of sheltering thousands of people -- may have been started as long ago as the 8th century BC . Whoever built them failed to leave their initials on the walls but the Phrygians  an ancient Indo-European tribe  may have been responsible , with later expansion by the Persians . It 's known early Christians hid in the man-made caves while they were still being persecuted for their religion . Derinkuyu , extending to a depth of 60 meters , is the largest cave -- it once housed 20,000 people , as well as their livestock . Almost half of Derinkuyu is open to tourists . It 's connected to another subterranean settlement you can explore , Kaymaklli , via an eight-kilometer tunnel . You can find out more about exploring the underground cities at Cappadociaturkey.net More : How to drink raki : A crash course in Turkey 's signature drink Mary King 's Close , Edinburgh , Scotland Mary King 's Close did n't used to be underground -- it was Edinburgh 's busiest street until the plague struck in 1645 . The densely inhabited close was infested badly and a quarantine imposed on the 500 or so people who lived there in a bid to contain the disease . Many of the inhabitants were simply left to die -- hence the stories of hauntings . The close was eventually opened up again and inhabited until 1753 , when the residents were finally evicted to make way for new buildings built above the old street . Mary King 's Close was sealed up for 250 years before being reopened for tours as a vivid snapshot of 18th-century life . Mary King 's Close , 2 Warriston 's Close , The Royal Mile , Edinburgh , Scotland ; +44 845 070 6244 ; tours from $ 11.60 Seattle Underground , Washington , United States When the Great Seattle Fire destroyed swathes of the city in 1889 , municipal bosses decided simply to rebuild it one or two stories higher . Built on mudflats , the original settlement had been prone to flooding . Several oceans of concrete later , the new city rose between three and 10 meters above the old . You can still visit the original Seattle , though , on a guided tour . It 's fun to imagine the crowds once bustling along the shop-lined subterranean streets . Seattle Underground , 608 First Avenue , Seattle , Washington , U.S. ; +1 206 682 4646 ; tours from $ 9 More : Rooms with no view : Underground stays G-Can flood surge tunnels , Tokyo , Japan Anyone but claustrophobes should find this vast temple to underground engineering impressive . Begun in 1992 , the tunnels -- 50 meters deep and six kilometers long and growing -- contain pumps and tanks dedicated to keeping Tokyo dry during the rainy season . The highlight is the enormous , temple-like main tank , which contains 78-horsepower pumps and is supported by 59 enormous pillars . Tours of the complex take place three times a day , Tuesday to Friday -- weather permitting , of course . G-Can project , Ryukyukan Showa drainage pump station , Kasukabe , Saitama , Tokyo , Japan ; +44 117 370 9751 ; tours from $ 13 More : Tokyo travel : 11 things to know before you go Shanghai Tunnels , Portland , Oregon , United States The Shanghai Tunnels are a series of passages that connect the basements of many downtown Portland bars and hotels to the waterfront on the Willamette River . Used prior to the 1800s to move goods from the ships that docked here , the tunnels got their name from the belief , probably false , that they were associated with "  shanghaiing " -- the practice of kidnapping men to serve as sailors . Shanghai Tunnels , Portland , Oregon , U.S. ; daily tours from $ 17 Greenbrier Bunker , West Virginia , United States In the late 1950s , the U.S. government asked the owners of the 700-room Greenbrier Hotel , in West Virginia , for permission to build an emergency relocation center -- a bunker -- beneath the property , to house Congress in the event of a nuclear war . Perhaps with some foresight  it 's now one of West Virginia 's most popular attractions  , they agreed . The bunker remained fully stocked for 30 years before being decommissioned in the early 1990s . Daily tours of the facility inspect a 25-ton blast door , some of the 18 dormitories , a hospital and decontamination chambers . Greenbrier Bunker , 300 West Main Street , White Sulphur Springs , West Virginia , U.S. ; +1 855 453 4858 ; tours from $ 15 Cu Chi tunnels , Vietnam The Cu Chi tunnels were used by the Viet Cong during large parts of the Vietnam War as living quarters , hospitals , supply routes and storage areas -- even a tank was found in one of the tunnels . This 120-kilometer-long complex , part of a much larger network throughout the country , now operates as a war memorial and visitors -- or at least those who can squeeze through the tiny trapdoors -- can explore several of the tunnels . Impress Travel is one company that offers tours of the complex Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada The tunnels built beneath downtown Moose Jaw in the early 1900s were intended to protect Chinese railway workers from persecution during the so-called Yellow Peril , the racist panic whipped up about thousands of Asian immigrants who 'd arrived to find work . Entire immigrant families lived in the tunnels while working above ground , but during Prohibition the tunnels were used for smuggling . Al Capone was among the smugglers believed to have used the tunnels -- daily tours are carried out by an Al Capone look-a-like . Moose Jaw , 18 Main Street North , Saskatchewan , Canada ; +1 306 693 5261 ; tours from C$ 8.50 City of Caves , Nottingham , UK Bizarrely , the entrance to Nottingham 's cave network is located in the city 's Broadmarsh Shopping Center -- but that 's a later development . The caves were used as housing from the 11th century until 1845 , when the St. Mary 's Enclosure Act banned the rental of cellars and caves as homes for the poor . Archaeologists are still trying to work out how far some of the caves extend . Visitors to the caves can see medieval wells and cesspits . City of Caves , Broadmarsh Shopping Centre , Nottingham , UK ; +1 115 988 1955 ; tours from $ 8.50 More : Survival guide to the UK	In South Australia , a whole town lives underground to escape the heat Think Seattle 's nice ? Try the city beneath it Drainage systems sound dull but Tokyo 's is an engineering marvel
London  CNN  -- British media have named entertainer Freddie Starr as the second celebrity to be arrested in connection with an investigation into sex abuse claims involving late BBC TV host Jimmy Savile . Starr , a well-known comedian in the United Kingdom , was arrested on suspicion of sexual offenses Thursday , British media reports say . In media interviews last week , Starr denied the allegations against him , which were made in a TV report . Read more : British police make first arrest in Savile investigation Police did not release the suspect 's name , identifying him only as "  Yewtree 2 , " but said he falls under the "  Savile and others " strand of their investigation , dubbed Operation Yewtree . He is from Warwickshire and in his 60s , London 's Metropolitan Police said . He was released on bail early Friday . A London man , who British media reported to be 1970s pop star Gary Glitter , was arrested Sunday , also on suspicion of sexual offenses . Read more : How celebrity child sex scandal has rocked the BBC A TV documentary a month ago detailed allegations of sexual abuse against Savile , who died last year . Police investigating the scandal are dealing with about 300 apparent victims , Cmdr. Peter Spindler told reporters . Savile 's targets were apparently mostly girls in their mid-teens in what Spindler said was "  alleged abuse on an unprecedented scale . " The British TV icon died in October 2011 at age 84 . But authorities have said they are preparing an arrest strategy for others , still living , against whom allegations have been made in connection with the Savile case . Jimmy Savile : National treasure in life , reviled ` sex abuser ' in death Countless Britons who grew up watching Savile on TV 's "  Top of the Pops " and his children 's program "  Jim 'll Fix It " have been left reeling by the slew of claims against him in the past month . The reputation of the British Broadcasting Corporation , his former employer , has also been tainted by the scandal amid questions about how his abuse went undetected , and its decision to drop a program investigating allegations against him last year . "  Now the BBC risks squandering public trust because one of its stars over three decades was apparently a sexual criminal ; because he used his programme and popularity as a cover for his wickedness ; because he used BBC premises for some of his attacks , " BBC Chairman Lord Patten wrote in an editorial published Sunday in the Daily Mail . Read more : Former BBC chief explains dropped Savile investigation The BBC has said it is horrified by the revelations and has launched two independent inquiries . NatWest Bank confirmed this week that the distribution of Savile 's estate , most of which he is reported to have left to a charitable trust , "  has been put on hold . " It has been suggested the money could be used to pay compensation to some of his alleged victims if they file legal claims . Last Saturday , Savile 's family made its first public statement since the claims of sexual abuse of underage girls destroyed the reputation of a man they had regarded as a hero . Savile 's nephew , Roger Foster , had defended his late uncle -- who hosted shows watched and heard by a generation of young Britons -- in a newspaper interview before the allegations first emerged in the TV documentary a month ago . Read more : Relatives of disgraced Savile voice their anguish But as those few claims snowballed into hundreds , the family had to face up to the horrific truth : that the man they were so proud of as a media star and tireless charity fundraiser had a far darker side to his past . "  I watched the program in horror and could not believe that these allegations were about our uncle . This was n't the man we knew and loved , " Foster said . "  We began to have doubts as to our own feeling towards our uncle . How could the person we thought we knew and loved do such a thing ? "  Why would a man who raised so much money for charity , who gave so much of his own time and energy for others risk it all doing indecent criminal acts ? How could anyone live their life doing the ` most good and most evil ' at the same time ? " CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	British media name the second suspect arrested as comedian Freddie Starr The suspect is in his 60s and from Warwickshire , British police say ; he 's out on bail A TV documentary has detailed allegations of sex abuse against TV host Jimmy Savile Police say they are dealing with about 300 apparent victims
CNN  -- Not everyone will remember "  Death of a President , " the 2006 movie that included a controversial scene in which President George W. Bush was killed by a sniper .  I , on the other hand , ca n't forget it because my fiancÃ © is an actress and had a big role in that movie  . Another thing I ca n't forget is the outrage that DOAP sparked among some conservative commentators , including some of those very same people who are now defending Sony 's film "  The Interview , " about the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  Death of a President " won an award at the prestigious Toronto Film Festival and was slated to play in several theater chains in America . That is , until some on the right went ballistic over it . Rush Limbaugh slammed the movie , reportedly calling the film 's director a "  sicko " and saying the movie was part of an "  age of insanity . " Fox News ' Michelle Malkin denounced the film in an article she penned for the conservative website , "  Town Hall " titled , "  Kill Bush Mania . " Matt Drudge used the word "  SHOCK "  all in caps  to describe the film on the front page of his Drudge Report . And Sean Hannity grilled the film 's director on his Fox News show with questions like "  Do you not have a responsibility to think of the impact , the impressions that could be made on people " by depicting the shooting of Bush ? The outrage was n't confined to the media . Rep. Peter King of New York , then chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , dubbed the film disgusting , claimed it "  could incite real violence " and reportedly warned that the filmmakers "  would have blood on their hands if anything should ever happen . " King went on to call for no movie theater or TV network in America to show the film : "  Any theater that would show this , any TV station that would show this , is acting irresponsibly . It would be a disgrace for it to be shown anywhere . " In response to this outrage , the film was indeed pulled from the big theater chains and relegated to a handful of art house theaters . As a then-spokesperson for Regal Entertainment Group , one of the movie theater chains that caved into the pressure , reportedly stated , "  We do not feel it is appropriate to portray the future assassination of a president , therefore we do not intend to program this film at any of our cinemas . " Yet fast forward to 2014 , and The Drudge Report reads , "  SURRENDER : SONY PULLS ` INTERVIEW . "  Apparently Drudge 's computer is stuck in "  caps lock " mode .  Malkin 's Twitter feed , meanwhile , is filled with retweets that denounce Sony 's puling of the film . But the award for the biggest flip-flopper of them all goes to Peter King . The man who in 2006 called for theaters to not screen the film that portrayed Bush being assassinated sang a far different tune when interviewed earlier this week by CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . When Blitzer asked King if it was appropriate for a film to depict a world leader being assassinated , King responded , "  There 's no reason not to do it . " King went on to state -- as if he had no recollection of what he said in 2006 -- that there have "  been terrible things said about our presidents and our leaders in movies . ... This is something that , in a free society , we tolerate . " Look , if you are going to credibly defend freedom of expression , it requires that you be consistent . You ca n't just defend the words or images you agree with . That 's not how freedom of expression works . And deep down , I know that King and the pundits on the right know this . But too often they are playing to their political base or the consumers of their media outlets at the expense of intellectual honesty .  And to be candid , some on the left are just as guilty , though typically not in the area of freedom of expression . Will the future bring any changes ? Tough to say , although to be honest it seems unlikely . It 's how some of them remain in office and attract fans to their websites and TV shows . But thanks to a thing called Google we can discover in a matter of minutes the selective outrage and outright hypocrisy of these people . At least then we can dismiss their words as being nothing more than hollow pandering .	Dean Obeidallah : Conservatives were outraged by "  Death of a President " But similarly themed movie is defended by right now , he says Obeidallah : Thanks to Google we can discover selective outrage
Sittwe , Myanmar  CNN  -- With a steady hand , Myanmar Red Cross volunteer Tin Tin Wae , 22 , measures out chlorine powder , adds it to a large bucket of water and begins to stir . This will eventually reach some of the 100,000 displaced people in Rakhine state who have been forced from their homes after violence swept through their communities in 2012 . Q&A : What 's behind sectarian violence in Myanmar ? In the town of Sittwe , the violence has divided the once peaceful ethnic Rakhine and Muslim communities , turning friends into enemies and driving neighbors into exile . At first glance the town appears peaceful , and the streets are bustling with people visiting shops and restaurants . But just a short drive from the town center the landscape alters with relief camps and NGO vehicles , the telltale sign that we are reaching our destination . Mozala camp houses 573 people from ethnic Rakhine communities in temporary bamboo shelters . The Red Cross is bringing in drinking water as part of its emergency relief program that distributes 8,000 liters of safe water to camps each day . The water is a lifeline for the people living in this camp . One of the residents tells me that despite other water tanks nearby , this is the only water safe for drinking . Terrorized , starving and homeless : Myanmar 's Rohingya still forgotten The cool weather in Sittwe is a shock after the oppressive heat of Yangon where we are based . People in the camps tell me they are already concerned about flooding when it rains . The tattered sandbags piled outside shelters do little to prevent the muddy , dirty water from flowing inside . In a few more months the rainy season will arrive in earnest . Will these families still be here ? We visit a Muslim camp situated further out of the main town . Because of the violence and continued tensions , the camps are divided to separately house the ethnic Rakhine and Muslim communities . Read more : Obama lauds Aung San Suu Kyi , gives a nod to Myanmar The car pulls up along the side of a busy road where a large queue is already forming outside a clinic . Red Cross volunteers inside are treating Faranarli , 14 , who was in a cycling accident . His bandaged ankle covers a series of severe cuts , and he winces , as the volunteers carefully take off the bandage to clean and dress the wounds . The Red Cross is supporting health clinics in more than 10 camps , treating patients from both communities . The need for these services is evident . Mothers are clutching babies with skin complaints , and men with bandaged arms are leaning against the fragile bamboo shelter . In this dusty and crowded camp , cuts and grazes can quickly become infected , and with limited toilets and a lack of sanitation facilities , diseases can quickly spread . The Red Cross has built toilets and wells in this camp to help respond to some of the health and sanitation challenges . Volunteers have the unenviable task of regularly disinfecting the toilets with chlorine powder . The Red Cross team has been drafted from other parts of the country to help respond to substantial needs . Read more : What a difference a year makes in Myanmar The 30 volunteers , who come for a month , live and sleep together in a small shelter in Sittwe . The conditions are basic , the work is hard , but there are no complaints . Soon a new rotation will arrive , and these teammates will return home , back to their communities , jobs and normal day-to-day lives -- an impossible reality now for the thousands of displaced families in Rakhine . The humanitarian crisis in Rakhine first erupted in June 2012 , meaning many of the families we have met over the last few days have been living in camps for up to seven months . As time passes , greater priority is being placed on providing adequate temporary shelters for families unable to return home . Several hundred "  long houses " -- temporary shelters which house eight to 10 families -- have already been built . These shelters can be seen in some of the camps we visited , but there are still not enough for the entire displaced population . In the coming months the Myanmar Red Cross plans to support the construction of up to 160 temporary shelters . While the longterm solutions to this crisis remain unclear , the need for drinking water , food , shelter and medical care are very evident . As dislocated families continue to cope with life away from home and their livelihoods , it is critical that humanitarian assistance continues to reach people in both Rakhine and Muslim communities .	Clean water is a lifeline for people living in Mozala camp in Sittwe Camps separate ethnic Rakhine and Muslim communities because of the violence The Red Cross has built toilets and wells to respond to health , sanitation challenges Need for drinking water , food , shelter and medical care are evident
CNN  -- In the glitz and glamor world of Formula One , image is everything . The leading teams such as Ferrari and McLaren have built formidable reputations off the back of on-track excellence . Another constructor with a similarly lofty reputation is Lotus , a team which has origins dating back to a car made by Briton Colin Chapman which first raced in 1948 . Lotus went on to win six drivers ' championships and seven constructors ' titles before withdrawing from the elite division of motorsport in 1994 after entering administration . The opportunity to reintroduce such an historic name into F1 was one not be missed for a businessman looking to put a car on the track . And so it proved . Malaysian Tony Fernandes , the owner of Air Asia and English football team Queens Park Rangers , resurrected the name for the 2010 season with the CNN-sponsored Team Lotus . But the issue was complicated in 2011 , when the Renault team announced a sponsorship deal which would see them renamed as Lotus . So how could a situation arise where two teams were competing under the same name ? "  Last year we had the weird situation where two teams were calling themselves Lotus , " associate editor of MotorSport magazine Ed Foster told CNN . "  Team Lotus had the naming rights to use the name ` Team Lotus ' . And of course there was Lotus Renault which was the Renault team that was sponsored by Lotus the car company . " A lengthy legal battle ensued , the result of which saw Renault buy the Lotus name from Team Lotus who were subsequently rebranded as Caterham F1 . But why did both constructors go to such extreme lengths to secure the Lotus name ? "  It 's a huge name in the history of the sport and they wanted to heighten their profile , " explained Foster . "  If you 've got a big name you 'll attract the big sponsors . "  Even if Lotus was n't at the front of the grid last year , they are still going to attract more sponsors than for example HRT . "  Nobody knows who HRT are outside of F1 , however I can ask my mother and she knows who Lotus is and that 's the big difference . They can attract the sponsors , they get the money in and from that they can build a stronger team . " Lotus have a rich history in F1 , with a list of former drivers which includes British double world champion Jim Clark , Austrian 1970 title winner Jochen Rindt and legendary Brazilian racer Ayrton Senna . "  Certainly Lotus dominated F1 to such an extent in the 60s that it became recognised as the place to go to get a quick car , " explained Chapman 's son , Clive . "  My father had the reputation for designing fast cars . " Understandably , Renault , now Lotus , are delighted to have acquired their illustrious name . The two men who will be behind the wheel for Lotus in 2012 are 2007 world champion Kimi Raikkonen and Frenchman Romain Grosjean . "  We found a great partnership with a brand like Lotus which has a huge history in Formula 1 , " Lotus chairman Gerard Lopez said . "  It made a lot of sense for us to take advantage of that . "	Two Formula One teams have fought over the Lotus name in recent years Lotus won seven constructors ' titles and six drivers ' crowns before withdrawing in 1994 Malaysian Tony Fernandes reintroduced the Lotus name with ` Team Lotus ' in 2010 Renault have been rebranded as Lotus for 2012 , while Team Lotus are now Caterham
CNN  -- Call it an extreme boot camp , your last desperate attempt to drag your kid away from video games or just yet another reason to visit one of the world 's seven natural wonders . Professional adventurer/survivor / "  gross eats " expert Bear Grylls announced the expansion of his Survival Academy into Africa . The Survival Academy currently runs courses in the United Kingdom and the United States teaching advanced and beginner self-rescue skills to outdoor adventure enthusiasts . Set 10 minutes away from Victoria Falls on the Stanley & Livingstone Private Game Reserve in Zimbabwe , the first African Bear Grylls Survival Academy will feature land and water survival tasks and a final wilderness expedition to put the new skills to use . Grylls is familiar with the area -- it 's where he had a parachuting accident as a young soldier . He was told he would never walk again after breaking his back in two places in the fall . A year after the accident , the young Brit , then 23 , became one of the youngest people to climb Everest . Designed by the "  Man vs. Wild " host , the new African course is slated to launch January 2014 and will be run by a team of ex-military/ex-marine survival experts , all of whom have worked with Grylls on the "  Man vs. Wild " TV shows and have backgrounds in mountaineering and other outdoors expertise . When he 's not busy with other engagements , the adventurer plans to make himself available when he can to teach and assist courses . "  So many people have asked me over the years where they can learn extreme , practical survival -- the type that requires spirit , determination and the skills to self-rescue against the odds , in some of the harshest terrain around , " said Grylls in a media statement . "  So it is with great pride that we can now finally launch the Bear Grylls Survival Academy in Africa to be able to share some of these skills and what it really means to be able to look after yourself when the chips are down . Oh and it may hurt a little . " He 's not kidding . The list of skills that participants will be learning include fire lighting , emergency shelter building , knife skills , remote medical trauma , rappelling , tyrolean traverses , extreme weather survival and white-water rafting down the Zambezi River . And of course , no Bear Grylls-branded survival course would be complete without a "  Gross Eat " challenge -- lucky participants will be foraging for grubs and rodents .	Man vs. Wild host to launch Survival Academy in Zimbabwe in January Courses will teach self-rescue and survival skills Instructors are a team of ex-military/ex-marine survival experts with mountaineering training
CNN  -- Great baseball players know every pitch is an opportunity . As with fastballs , international crises also present opportunities . And the current clash between Israel and Gaza offers several potential game-changers . Over the course of the past six days , Hamas gunmen , along with other militant groups , have fired nearly 800 rockets at Israeli cities and towns . The Israeli air force , in response , has conducted some 1,200 sorties against Hamas targets and -- despite warning civilians of impending attacks -- inflicted civilian casualties . Now , the Israeli army is poised to enter Gaza and uproot Hamas by force . Destruction is expected to be at least as extensive as in the previous rounds of fighting between Hamas and Israel . Thousands are liable to be displaced ; civilian casualties will mount . Still , with nearly its entire population under rocket fire , Israel will have no choice but to invade . The obvious solution is a cease-fire similar to ones mediated by Egypt in 2008 and 2012 and co-sponsored by the United States . Such a cease-fire would end the shooting but would not hold for long . An unconditional cease-fire would enable Hamas to rearm and reignite the conflict at a time of its choosing . Egypt , moreover , is now focused on its domestic challenges and reluctant to become embroiled in regional conflicts . And American foreign policy has been weakened by its failure in the peace process and its resistance to intervening in the Syrian and Iraqi civil wars . What 's the endgame ? Worsening matters , the Egyptian government of Gen. Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has had a strained relationship with the U.S. government that frowned on his undemocratic rise to power . In baseball terms , the crisis in Gaza seems to be a fastball too blistering to hit . Yet , the very threat of full-scale fighting can serve to motivate the combatants to seek a way out . Promised a new beginning in their relations with Washington , the Egyptians can be induced to once again mediate between Hamas and Israel . And America can reclaim its traditional leadership . A simultaneous cease-fire can be achieved , but that would only be the first in a multistaged diplomatic process . The next stage would apply the formula with which the United States and Russia successfully removed chemical weapons from Syria . American inspectors can locate Hamas ' rocket stockpiles and ship them abroad for destruction . At the same time , the people of Gaza would receive the international aid needed to repair the war damage and energize their economy , which has been failing for years . Finally , once the rockets are eliminated , Israel can ease the maritime blockade of Gaza . The Palestinians will be spared further hardship and Hamas deprived of one of its chief pretexts for attacking Israel . The crisis also presents an opportunity to strengthen Palestinian moderates . American and Canadian-trained police officers loyal to the West Bank Palestinian Authority can be stationed at the border crossings from Israel into Gaza . Similarly , these security personnel can be deployed at the Gaza border crossings that Egypt formerly closed but would now reopen . Opinion : How Iron Dome missile defense buys time for Israel Ideally , the Palestinian Authority would replace Hamas rule over Gaza . It is doubtful whether that goal could be achieved swiftly and without prolonged violence . Yet a new status quo can be created that is more stable and less prone to breakdown . Effectively demilitarized , with a stimulated economy and an expanded role for Palestinians committed to the peace process , Gaza can cease being the cause of repeated conflict . The Obama administration could point to a significant diplomatic victory , Egypt could reassert its regional leadership and Israel and the Palestinian Authority could create a context for restarting the peace process . Israelis and Palestinians are indeed confronting a complex and dangerous situation . But as every slugger knows , the faster the pitch , the further the ball will fly off the bat . For all of the pain and trauma it has caused so far , the crisis in Gaza offers all the parties a chance to hit deep , perhaps even a diplomatic home run . Fearing daughter 's border wedding The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Oren .	Michael Oren : Mideast crisis presents opportunity for creative diplomacy He says model for a solution should be the removal of chemical weapons from Syria Oren : U.S. inspectors could oversee removal of Hamas rocket stockpiles He says international aid could repair Gaza 's economy , and Israel could ease blockade
Washington  CNN  -- Step by step , die-hard conservatives are confronting their grief over President Barack Obama 's re-election . But judging from blog posts and other public pronouncements , many remain stuck somewhere between denial and anger , very far from acceptance . So far this week , prolific blogger Judson Phillips on Tea Party Nation has called for boycotting the Electoral College to prevent validating the election result and lamented the triumph of liberalism in destroying national unity and therefore America 's greatness . Over at RedState.com , a more sophisticated political analysis echoes calls by Republican leaders to better communicate conservative principles instead of softening or dropping them . Founder and CNN contributor Erick Erickson , who rejected any talk of electoral fraud or an unfair Obama victory , wrote Tuesday that "  there 'll be no hand-wringing here and there sure as hell wo n't be any apologies for fighting for what we believe in . " "  Republicans are not successful when they run campaigns as the rich patrician out to make government more efficient so it can be more helpful , " said another Erickson post Tuesday . "  Republicans win with conservative populists who run as men who pulled themselves up in life fighting big government and its cronies . " Some acceptance has been necessary . On Tuesday , tea party favorite Rep. Allen West of Florida conceded in his race for re-election after initially alleging electoral fraud . Little of the discussion focuses on the changing demographics of the country , identified by exit polls and many analysts as a major factor in both Obama 's 2008 victory to become the nation 's first African-American president and his re-election on November 6 . In particular , Obama received overwhelming support from the nation 's fastest-growing demographic -- Hispanic Americans -- to cause some high-profile conservatives including Fox radio and television host Sean Hannity to soften their stance on immigration reform . Overall , though , hard-core conservatives continue to reject that they are a minority in a country built on the core principle of liberty that they embrace . Instead , the initial reactions and subsequent attempts to explain what happened sought scapegoats , such as what right-wing critics describe as a deficient Republican challenger in Mitt Romney , electoral theft or a liberal-dominated media industry that is part of a broader Marxist effort dating back decades to undermine the nation . Study : Fox , MSNBC got more extreme On November 10 , Phillips alleged that more votes than registered voters in several Florida precincts were part of Democratic efforts to "  steal the election " against West . There was no immediate posting Tuesday in response to West 's concession . Six days later , Phillips took aim at Romney , calling the former Massachusetts governor a "  flip-flopping liberal who ran a content-free campaign . " In a response to Phillips ' post , one writer ranted about what he alleged were "  the sexual perversions and drug use of the Obamas , " the president 's "  forged birth certificate " and "  voter fraud of biblical proportions . " "  Why are we talking secession instead of removing the New York Times and supporting citizens ' Grand Jury indicments against this unbelievable treason , felonies and usurpations raining down on us on a daily basis ? " said the post attributed to Royce Latham of Penngrove , California . Timothy Stanley : Do n't dismiss secession talk On Sunday , Phillips proposed an action plan -- getting Electoral College voters in states won by Romney to boycott the validation of the election result by the December 17 deadline . "  The 12th Amendment specifies the quorum or the necessary number of states for the College to act , is 2/3 , " Phillips wrote . "  In other words , if 17 states refuse to participate , the Electoral College does not have a quorum . " Without a quorum to decide the presidency , he continued , the Republican-led U.S. House will decide and presumably choose Romney . Phillips acknowledged such a move would set a "  dangerous precedent , " but added that "  the situation is so grim we really have no other choice . " "  Does anyone really believe America can survive four more years of Barack Obama ? " he wrote , saying the president will seek to "  transform America from that shining city on a hill into a third world shantytown , with massive unemployment and a corrupt government . " What 's next for Obama election organization ? The next day , Phillips sounded more resigned , lamenting what he called "  the triumph of liberalism in America " that he said was "  destroying our national unity and by extension destroying the freedom . " "  In America , until now we have always identified ourselves as Americans , " he wrote . "  The balkanization that has been pushed by the hard left has one goal in mind . That is the end of America as a great nation . They are perilously close to succeeding . " Tuesday brought his attack on a carbon tax being discussed by some on both sides in Congress as a step toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions that contributed to climate change . While challenging "  the mythical man-made global warming , " Phillips also said a carbon tax would create a "  massive new tax stream " for liberals bent on growing government . U.N. : Greenhouse gases set record in 2011 The focus on a single issue certain to generate legislative and public debate signaled some change in the response to the election . To Phillips and other conservatives , any increase in revenue goes against their goal of shrinking the federal government by cutting spending . "  It is time for conservative activists to make the case to the American people that we have far more government than we can afford , or than we want , no matter what our politicians may think , or what deals they may be willing to cut with each other to keep spending other people 's money until we are all bankrupt , " said a Tuesday post on Tea Party Nation by Bruce Donnelly of Fox River Grove , Illinois . GOP , Dems seek common ground on fiscal cliff Donnelly called for "  organizing voters to rein in the politicians , rather than let them keep playing the game by their rules with our money . " "  It 's worth your effort to organize voters in your community and apply real political pressure for change , because if we just keep playing the game by their rules , your own financial situation will keep getting worse , rather than better , " he continued . "  The politicians keep offering free stuff with other people 's money , playing us all for fools . It 's time to wake up the voters in every corner of America to the fact that they have been conned by these snake oil salesmen and their well-rehearsed lies and false promises , " Donnelly said . In the end , a reviled Democrat in the White House may mean more followers of conservative websites such as Tea Party Nation and RedState.com . No one seems happy about the better business prospects , at least for now .	Die-hard conservatives blame Mitt Romney , electoral fraud and liberal conspiracies Few discuss demographic shifts in America Anti-Obama sentiments abound in conservative post-election commentary One blogger proposes an Electoral College boycott
At least four people were killed and 14 more injured when a car bomb exploded outside a popular restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul on Wednesday , police officials there said . Meanwhile , the scene in Iraq 's restive Anbar province was chaotic Wednesday after Sunni tribes took over at least three police stations -- two in Ramadi and one in Falluja , police officials in Ramadi told CNN . At least one person was killed and 12 others were wounded in clashes between the Iraqi army and Sunni tribes in al-Karma , about 60 kilometers  37 miles  west of Baghdad on Wednesday , police in Ramadi said . The latest violence came as the United Nations Assistance Mission for Iraq confirmed that last year was the deadliest for civilians in Iraq since 2008 . The total number of civilian casualties in 2013 , including civilian police , was 7,818 killed and 17,981 injured , according to UNAMI figures released Wednesday , compared with 6,787 dead and 20,178 injured in 2008 . "  This is a sad and terrible record which confirms once again the urgent need for the Iraqi authorities to address the roots of violence to curb this infernal circle , " said the U.N. special representative for Iraq , Nickolay Mladenov . He urged Iraqi leaders to take steps to prevent "  terrorist groups " from fueling sectarian tensions . Violence in the country has reached its worst levels since the height of the Iraq war , when sectarian fighting pushed the country to the brink of civil war . Anbar unrest UNAMI said its 2013 figures do n't include casualties of the unrest in Sunni-dominated Anbar province in recent days . Police said Wednesday that dozens of fighters belonging to different Sunni tribes in Anbar province raided several police stations and confiscated weapons and vehicles from inside the buildings . They also released at least 100 detainees from inside a detention center within Falluja police headquarters , they said . On Tuesday , Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said the army would leave cities in the province after tensions between the Iraqi army and Sunni tribes reached new heights . Clashes Monday in Ramadi and Falluja left at least five people dead and 20 injured . The fighting broke out as Iraqi security forces moved in to dismantle tents at two protest camps , just days after the arrest of a prominent Sunni lawmaker in a deadly raid on his Ramadi home . In response to the unrest , Shiite tribes in the Shiite-dominated Nasriya province organized a demonstration near the governor 's office in which they asked to march on Anbar and fight the tribes there .	Chaos reigns in Anbar province as Sunnis seize police stations ; one death reported At least four people are killed and 14 injured in a car bomb blast in Mosul , police say The United Nations says 2013 was the deadliest year for Iraqi civilians since 2008 U.N. representative for Iraq urges Iraqi leaders to take steps to curb violence
For years now , companies have been combing through Twitter postings , trying to glean any information that may help them improve their products and services . But with more than 250 million tweets sent every day , it would take an enormous staff to analyze the data . That task gave rise to hundreds of social media-monitoring companies , but they were still limited to the tweets that could be accessed by individual users . Twitter , however , has decided to make it easier for these companies to mine billions of messages for valuable marketing data . The company will open its archives and sell its old tweets . One of Twitter 's new customers , DataSift , has formed an alliance with the social network to get access to tweets going back to January 2010 . "  Twitter has really become an incredibly valuable information source , " said Rob Bailey , DataSift 's CEO . "  There are a flood of companies wanting to get more use from it . " Starting next month , DataSift will launch a cloud-based service that will allow other companies to analyze these two-plus years of tweets to learn more about their customers . According to its website , DataSift promises customers will be able to "  unlock trends from public tweets " and "  access the full Twitter firehose . " Users will pay DataSift for only the data it retrieves . DataSift will then share part of the revenue with Twitter . The company emphasizes it wo n't have access to deleted tweets or users ' direct messages . Twitter also has partnered with Gnip , a Colorado-based online data-mining company , to license its historical tweets . Because Twitter is a public forum , privacy watchdogs may face difficulties raising objections . "  We welcome the privacy debate , " said Bailey , who is based in San Francisco . Twitter so far is not commenting publicly about its new partnership .	Twitter will open its archives and sell old tweets to marketers who want to analyze the data One customer will get access to tweets going back to January 2010 Since Twitter is a public forum , privacy watchdogs may face difficulties raising objections
Searching living rooms and closets for your eggs may be fun the first six times , but if the novelty 's wearing thinner than a chocolate egg 's foil wrapping , there are more adventurous egg trails out there . Imperial Easter Nest Hunt  Schönbrunn Palace , Vienna For a traditional hunt , Austria 's beautiful Schönbrunn Palace serves as the backdrop for the annual Easter market . The highlight is an Easter egg hunt , but there are also workshops in marzipan sculpting and flower arranging . Kids over 20 might enjoy the craft stalls and live jazz . The Old Vienna Easter market , a short walk away , is equally worth a visit -- if only to see the enormous mountain of 40,000 painted Easter eggs . Imperial Easter Nest Hunt ; Schönbrunn Palace ; April 19 ; 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Capella D.C. Easter Egg Hunt  Washington , D.C. This city-wide Easter egg hunt is organized by the Capella Washington , D.C. hotel . From April 17 to 20 , the hotel will post pictures of golden eggs hidden around the city on its Instagram , Facebook and Twitter feeds . Once intrepid egg hunters have tracked down their golden prey and taken a photo of themselves in situ , they can call a number on the ticket inside the egg and find out what they 've won . Prizes include round-trip tickets from Washington , D.C. to Istanbul with Turkish Airlines and overnight stays at Capella hotels . Capella D.C. Easter Egg Hunt , Washington , D.C. ; April 17-20 Magical Egg Hunt on Table Mountain  Cape Town , South Africa The Easter Bunny , Easter Fairy and Mad Hatter lead the way on this high altitude egg hunt on top of Cape Town 's Table Mountain at Top Station . Egg hunters are provided with clue cards and at Mad Hatter 's Tea Party the characters will reveal further clues to help visitors track down the hidden treasure . The goal is to find the Easter Bunny , hiding somewhere on Table Mountain with an enormous chest filled with chocolate eggs . Magical Egg Hunt on Table Mountain ; April 20 , 10 a.m.-1 p.m. ; return cableway ticket from $ 19.50 per adult , $ 10 per child  4-17 The Great Egg Hunt at Vaucluse House  Sydney Chocolate and hot weather are a recipe for disaster , but this Victorian-themed Easter egg hunt is n't all about the sweet stuff . Participants start by designing their own Easter basket to use during the hunt . Eggs are dotted around the beautiful grounds of this historic house , one of Sydney 's last remaining 19th-century mansions . The Great Egg Hunt at Vaucluse House , Wentworth Road , Vaucluse ; April 20 ; 11 a.m.-noon , 1-2 p.m. ; $ 14 per child Easter Egg-stravaganza , Centreville Amusement Park and Far Enough Farm  Toronto Toronto 's biggest Easter egg hunt takes place at this popular theme park and farm . There 's an Easter egg hunt and an Easter egg scramble . Eggs are hidden in the strangest places , from the wheels of a tractor to the theme park 's fire station . The Easter bunny will join forces with the park 's Beasley Bear to offer guidance to egg hunters , and there 'll also be face painting sessions and Easter basket workshops . Easter Egg-stravaganza , Centreville Amusement Park and Far Enough Farm ; April 18-20 ; 11 a.m.-5 p.m. ; $ 14 per person with promo code "  eggs2014 " Great Egg Safari , Zoo Miami  Miami It 's not just the Homo sapiens who get to experience some Easter-themed fun at Miami zoo -- the animals get their own Easter eggs too . The zoo has been holding the annual Easter egg hunt -- or safari in this case -- for several years . Hunts take place throughout the weekend , but there 's also face-painting sessions and chances to meet the zoo 's own Easter Bunny . Great Egg Safari , Zoo Miami , 1 Zoo Blvd. , 12400 S.W. 152 St. ; April 19-20 ; 11 a.m.-4 p.m. ; from $ 15.95 per adult  13 +  , $ 11.95 per child Bad Eggs Easter Egg Hunt , the London Dungeon  London Fed up with cute bunnies and sickly sweet chocolate ? London Dungeon employs an "  Egg-cecutioner " to provide clues to the locations of hidden "  bad eggs , " which reflect the area in which they 're hidden . The egg concealed in the plague room might be covered in leeches ; you might spot a fuse sticking out of the egg hidden in the area dedicated to Guy Fawkes . All participants get an Easter-themed sweet treat and a chance to win theme park passes . Bad Eggs Easter Egg Hunt , London Dungeon , Westminster Bridge Road ; April 5 -21 , from # 17.50  $ 30  per adult over 16 years , # 15.95  $ 27  per child The Easter Egg Hunt  Provins , France This French Easter egg hunt takes place in the historic town of Provins , in the shadow of its spectacular castle . About 7,500 chocolate eggs are hidden throughout the town . Participants must answer a series of historical riddles to find the chocolate eggs , which are then doled out by locals in medieval dress . The Easter Egg Hunt , Provins Tourist office , Chemin de Villecran ; April 20-21 ; 2-5 p.m. Easter Egg Hunt , The Roof Gardens  London Participants get unbeatable views over the UK 's capital as they explore one of its largest rooftop gardens . While the gardens ' Easter Bunny keeps an eye on the kids , parents can enjoy the Easter Chocolate Trio Cocktail , specially created for the occasion . Easter Egg Hunt , The Roof Gardens , 99 Kensington High St. , London ; April 20-21 ; 10 a.m.-noon The Big Egg Hunt NYC presented by Fabergé  New York Sadly , participants in this glamorous event do n't get to take the eggs home . More than 200 egg sculptures dotted around New York 's five boroughs have been designed by famous artists and designers , including Tommy Hilfiger and Caroline Herrera . Participants must first download The Big Egg Hunt NYC app , which provides clues related to locations of the spectacular , super-sized eggs . Codes displayed on eggs are used to enter a drawing for the chance to win one of three $ 48,000 Fabergé pendants . And , no , we do n't know how much that would sell for on eBay . The Big Egg Hunt NYC presented by Fabergé ; until April 25	The Easter Bunny and Mad Hatter lead the way on an egg hunt atop Cape Town 's Table Mountain Capella D.C. hotel in Washington hides eggs around the city with prizes offered to finders London Dungeon employs an "  Egg-cecutioner " for its twist on the Easter theme
She might have had the world talking after her controversial appearance at MTV 's Video Music Awards last month , but to at least one person , Miley Cyrus is still just who she is . "  She 's just Miley , " her father , Billy Ray Cyrus , told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live . " "  She 's an artist . She 's real . I think that what 's happened over the years , Miley has been reinventing her sound . She 's evolving as an artist herself . I think that all of what everyone is calling controversy now , that 's still my Miley , " he said . Billy Ray Cyrus spoke at length Thursday night about his daughter 's performance at the VMAs . You know the one . Wearing a flesh-toned bra and matching underwear , Miley Cyrus appeared on stage with gigantic , dancing bears and stunned the crowd by grinding against singer-songwriter Robin Thicke and yes -- twerking . The performance was a far cry from her Disney days as "  Hannah Montana . " Billy Ray Cyrus said he had known his daughter planned to do "  something really special " at the VMAs to get everyone talking . "  Miley 's smart enough to know that to come out of the shadows of ` Hannah Montana , ' it really takes something extremely drastic , which when you go to that level , it creates passion , and passion is either love or hate . But there 's no middle of the road for passion , " he said , adding that the performance pushed his daughter to new heights . "  She has risen to a whole new level . I thought I had seen it all -- until these last couple of weeks , " he told CNN 's Morgan . Cher slams Miley Cyrus , but feels ` ashamed ' for her comments Miley and Liam : The engagement 's off Miley 's ` Wrecking Ball ' wrecks Michigan college statue	Billy Ray Cyrus sits down with CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " He speaks at length about his daughter 's appearance at MTV 's Video Music Awards "  There 's no middle of the road for passion , " he says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Fifteen first ladies from African nations will attend a two-day summit in Los Angeles on health , women 's issues and HIV/AIDS , organizers said Friday . Actors Billy Zane and Sharon Stone , with Ted Alemayhu and Jean Stephane Biatcha , help announce the summit . The conference , which begins Monday , is organized by U.S. Doctors for Africa  USDFA  and African Synergy Against AIDS and Suffering , a nonprofit organization formed by 22 first ladies from Africa . Sponsors include the RAND Corporation , General Electric , the World Health Organization and others . "  Empowering Africa 's first ladies is an innovative approach to bettering the lives of millions of Africans , " USDFA Chairman Ted Alemayhu said in a written statement . "  The summit will pair these leaders with U.S. experts , key political figures and important organizations to create ongoing partnerships . " The event will include a summit , a gala and a private party . Expected attendees include the first ladies of Angola , Burkina Faso , Cameroon , Cape Verde , Central African Republic , Kenya , Lesotho , Mozambique , Namibia , Niger , Nigeria , Sierra Leone , Tanzania , Swaziland and Zambia . Maria Shriver , the wife of California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , will give opening remarks , according to a USDFA statement . Other celebrities expected to attend include Maria Bello , Diane Lane , Jessica Alba , Sharon Stone , Blair Underwood , Joely Fisher , Kristin Davis and Camryn Manheim , USDFA told CNN . Grammy award-winning singer Natalie Cole will perform at the gala , the organization said .	Two-day meeting begins Monday in Los Angeles ; will include gala , private party U.S. Doctors for Africa , African Synergy Against AIDS and Suffering set up event USDFA chairman : Summit will pair first ladies with experts , key groups , politicians Maria Shriver , Jessica Alba , Blair Underwood , Natalie Cole , other celebrities to attend
CNN  -- Elson Kambalu does n't like to be shoehorned as an artist . Even in his early days , he refused to paint the usual "  traditional " watercolors of African horizons and indigenous animal kingdom that attract tourists . Instead , he followed his own artistic path and today is one of Malawi 's most revered abstract artists . The 40-year-old dreamer has become a champion of the artistic landscape in Malawi , but has also founded Art House Africa , an artistic collective that connects painters and prospective clients . CNN sat down with the passionate artist and entrepreneur to discuss his roots and how he is inspiring enthusiastic creatives in his homeland . CNN : So how did you take that first step into the art world ? EK : I decided at the age of 28 to try my luck with a gallerist who was in the vicinity . I presented my works to him and he said : ` No , Elson , I do n't think this will sell in this gallery ... Most of the artists , they paint about the Lake , Lake Malawi , they paint about our highest mountain , they paint about our wildlife , because this is what the tourists want to take back when they are going home . ' And I said , we could try something different . And that 's what we did . Three days later he calls me and says that your work is gone . So that 's how it began , I never looked back . CNN : But you continued working as a loan officer until you were 31 . Was there a moment when you finally said : ' I want to be an artist ? ' EK : My break came one day . It was early morning in a toilet when this idea fell on my lap -- To create an art company that would work as a hub for artists . A company that would act as a link between artists and the corporate world . I had the business experience and the land was virgin . There were no art managers on the land and so I felt it would be good to work in that niche . My contract was coming to an end and I was being offered a new contract that would take me to another city . I declined and chose to take my own direction . CNN : How would you describe your artistic style ? EK : I am very contemporary , and versatile . I am not a conformist . I am able to move from one medium to another . I am a painter , I am a sculptor , I am a fashion designer , I am a graphic designer , I am a writer , I am a poet , I am a filmmaker . I am a conceptual artist , am an abstract expressionist . I do n't want to be identified with one form of art style . CNN : Are there any particular themes you like to showcase ? EK : As a visual artist , my past has had a strong bearing on me . Growing up in a big family equaled to lack of resources . The levels of want were quite disturbing , much more especially as I was approaching my teens . Suddenly I discovered that we were poorer than some families . I could not have or eat what I wanted . Those stories of poverty , of want , of freedom , of wanting to survive , have always been part of my subjects . I 'm interested in stories of fellow Africans before me who had much harder life . These stories inspire me to create art . I want to create a podium for discussions , in the process hoping to change mindsets and make life better for our future generations . CNN : Who are your artistic heroes ? EK : I think I 've been inspired by all these great artists . I 've been inspired by Salvador Dali , looking at his work . I 've been inspired by Pablo Picasso , I 've looked at the work of Jackson Pollock , quite beautiful . Rofko , wonderful , and even the young British artists of the 90 's . If you look at Damien Hurst , I 've seen works by Tracey Emming , and it 's all had a bearing on me as an artist . CNN : So what is the Malawian art scene like ? EK : I discovered that most of the artists were poorly managed . There were no managers in the arts sector . There is no art school in the country . So what was normally happening is they had the skill , they had this great talent amongst the artist , but they did n't know how to organize themselves . CNN : So you founded Art House Africa and then a few years later you opened a kids studio ... EK : We do n't have formal art schools and I thought well , this could be a very good avenue for the kids to come in and just prepare them . I think the most important thing in Malawi is the art education . It does n't necessarily mean that whoever enters an art class will be an artist . But they will make a good audience , or make a good client , because they know the kind of strenuous process artists go through to create whatever they are going to create . If we have the art education in our systems , then we have a community that would appreciate the arts . Learn more about Kambalu 's Art House Africa and find out what the versatile creative is moving on to next	Elson Kambalu is a Malawian abstract artist As well as being a prolific local artist , he has tried to foster the country 's artistic landscape At 31 , he founded Art House Africa , a collective bringing artists and clients together He has also opened a children 's art studio and art journal to inspire his fellow countrymen
CNN  -- Look out Lannisters ... Windsor is coming . Queen Elizabeth came face to face with royalty of a very different kind when she met the cunning Cersei -- otherwise known as actress Lena Headey -- on a visit to the "  Game of Thrones " set in Northern Ireland on Tuesday . The monarch and her husband , the Duke of Edinburgh , were touring Belfast when they called in at the sound stage where the hit show -- famed for its violent scenes and frequent nudity -- is filmed . "  Game of Thrones " showrunner David Benioff and writer and producer Daniel Weiss guided the royal party around the Paint Hall studio in the city 's Titanic Quarter . During the visit , the Queen met the show 's prop and costume makers and set designers , as well as actors Kit Harrington  Jon Snow  , Maisie Williams  Arya Stark  , Conleth Hill  Lord Varys  and Sophie Turner  Sansa Stark  . The Queen was spotted looking with interest at the Iron Throne , supposedly forged from the swords of defeated warriors -- but chose not to sit down and put her feet up . Instead , she was offered a small model of the saga 's famous seat as a souvenir . It is not clear if Queen Elizabeth or any of the royal family are fans of the award-winning HBO show , which is screened around the world . "  Game of Thrones " has been filmed in Northern Ireland since 2009 , contributing millions of dollars to the local economy during the past five years , providing thousands of jobs , and encouraging tourism to a region once bitterly divided by sectarian violence . Season four of the critically-acclaimed fantasy drama recently concluded in typically gory fashion ; fifth and sixth seasons are planned .	Queen Elizabeth II visited "  Game of Thrones " set in Belfast 's Titanic Quarter British monarch met stars of the show including Lena Headey and Maisie Williams Royal visitors explored the Red Keep and Throne Room sets , viewed costumes "  Game of Thrones " has been filmed in Northern Ireland since 2009
CNN  Anthony Ray Hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on Alabama 's death row for murders he says he did n't commit . And incredulous that it took so long . Hinton , 58 , looked up , took in the sunshine and thanked God and his lawyers Friday morning outside the county jail in Birmingham , minutes after taking his first steps as a free man since 1985 . He spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life , under fear of execution , for something he did n't do . "  All they had to do was to test the gun , but when you think you 're high and mighty and you 're above the law , you do n't have to answer to nobody , " Hinton told reporters . "  But I 've got news for you -- everybody that played a part in sending me to death row , you will answer to God . " Jefferson County Circuit Court Judge Laura Petro had ordered Hinton released after granting the state 's motion to dismiss charges against him . Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area , fast-food restaurant managers , John Davidson and Thomas Wayne Vason . But a new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified 12 years earlier that the revolver Hinton was said to have used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence in either case , and the two killings could n't be linked to each other . "  Death Row Stories " : Hard questions about the U.S. capital punishment system The state then declined to re-prosecute the case . Hinton was 29 at the time of the killings and had always maintained his innocence , said the Equal Justice Initiative , a group that helped win his release . "  Race , poverty , inadequate legal assistance , and prosecutorial indifference to innocence conspired to create a textbook example of injustice , " Bryan Stevenson , the group 's executive director and Hinton 's lead attorney , said of his African-American client . "  I ca n't think of a case that more urgently dramatizes the need for reform than what has happened to Anthony Ray Hinton . " Stevenson said the "  refusal of state prosecutors to re-examine this case despite persuasive and reliable evidence of innocence is disappointing and troubling . " Amnesty report : Executions down but death sentences on the rise Dressed in a dark suit and blue shirt , Hinton praised God for his release , saying he was sent "  not just a lawyer , but the best lawyers . " He said he will continue to pray for the families of the murder victims . Both he and those families have suffered a miscarriage of justice , he said . "  For all of us that say that we believe in justice , this is the case to start showing , because I should n't have  sat  on death row for 30 years , " he said . Woman who spent 22 years on death row has case tossed Hinton was accompanied Friday by two of his sisters , one of whom still lives in the Birmingham area . Other siblings will fly to the area to see him soon , Stevenson said . His mother , with whom he lived at the time of his arrest , is no longer living , according to the lawyer . Hinton planned to spend at least this weekend at the home of a close friend . He will meet with his attorneys Monday to start planning for his immediate needs , such as obtaining identification and getting a health checkup , Stevenson said . The plan now is to spend a few weeks to get oriented with freedom and "  sort out what he wants to do , " Stevenson said .	Anthony Ray Hinton goes free Friday , decades after conviction for two murders Court ordered new trial in 2014 , years after gun experts testified on his behalf Prosecution moved to dismiss charges this year
Delayed for months by chaos and conflict , the recovery of wreckage from downed Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 has finally begun in war-torn eastern Ukraine , Dutch officials said Sunday . The passenger jet carrying 298 people was shot down in July over a rural area of eastern Ukraine controlled by pro-Russian separatists . The vast crash site was left unsecured , and international investigators struggled to reach the area amid fighting between the rebels and Ukrainian government forces . Everyone aboard the flight was killed . Around two-thirds of the victims were from the Netherlands . All Malaysian remains from Flight MH17 ID 'd Dutch officials have commissioned the recovery and transport of the wreckage back to the Netherlands as part of the investigation into the cause of the crash . The recovery operation is expected to take several days , the Dutch Safety Board said in a statement Sunday , and security and other factors will be assessed daily . The wreckage will be transported to the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv before being sent to the Netherlands . The investigators intend to reconstruct a section of the aircraft , the safety board said . Several western nations and the Ukrainian government have accused the pro-Russian separatists operating in the region of shooting down the plane with a missile . Rebel leaders and the Russian government have disputed the claims . In its preliminary report in September on the disaster , the Dutch agency said Flight 17 broke apart in the air after it was hit by a burst of "  high-energy objects " from outside . That report set out a list of areas that still need further investigation , including forensic examination of wreckage and any foreign objects found . It noted at the time that Dutch investigators still had n't been able to visit the site amid the unstable situation in eastern Ukraine . In the aftermath of the crash , the rebels were widely accused of looting the site , tampering with the evidence and stopping investigators from combing through the wreckage . After an initial delay , most of the bodies of the victims have been removed from the area and transported out of Ukraine . But as recently as September , Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said it was likely that there were still remains strewn across the fields . Australia had 38 of its citizens and residents on the plane . Passenger found wearing oxygen mask	Dutch officials have commissioned the transport of the wreckage back to the Netherlands They say the recovery operation is expected to take several days The passenger jet carrying 298 people was shot down in July over eastern Ukraine Investigators were prevented from accessing the site by the unstable situation
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama will invoke God when he takes the oath of office January 20 , despite a lawsuit filed by atheist and non-religious groups , according to an attorney for Chief Justice John Roberts , who will administer the oath . President-elect Barack Obama has asked to invoke the phrase "  so help me God " at the end of his oath . The groups have sued in federal court to block any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies . Roberts was among those named in the suit . However , Obama wishes to conclude the oath with the phrase "  so help me God , " Jeffrey Minear , an attorney and administrative assistant for Roberts , told a federal court in documents Friday . The Constitution mandates the exact language to be used in the 35-word oath of office : "  I do solemnly swear  or affirm  that I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States and will to the best of my ability preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States . " Some chief executives have embellished the oath with "  so help me God . " It is not constitutionally required , unlike in other federal oaths . Historians have been at odds over whether George Washington established precedent by invoking the phrase on his own at the first inaugural in 1789 . The Library of Congress Web site says he did . Most presidents have used the phrase . iReport.com : Your photos from the inauguration Inaugural officials and presidents or presidents-elect usually coordinate behind the scenes on whether the judge or government official administering the phrase will invoke it . Michael Newdow , supported by several groups including the American Humanist Association , claims in his lawsuit that "  so help me God " violates the constitutional ban on government "  endorsement " of religion . He asked a federal judge to intervene and block references of God or religion in the formal ceremonies . The lawsuit also opposes the traditional invocation and benediction to be delivered by pastors invited by Obama . "  There can be no purpose for placing ` so help me God ' in an oath or sponsoring prayers to God , other than promoting the particular point of view that God exists , " according to the lawsuit . The federal government revealed in its response that Obama wants to use the phrase . The declaration was apparently aimed at blunting Newdow 's concession that Obama could add the phrase on his own but that Roberts or any government official should not force or prompt him to say it . Among those named in the lawsuit besides the 53-year-old chief justice are the Presidential Inauguration Committee ; the Joint Congressional Committee on Inauguration Ceremonies and its chairwoman , Sen. Dianne Feinstein  D-California  ; and the Armed Forces Inaugural Committee and its commander , Maj. Gen. Richard Rowe Jr. . Newdow said December 31 that he did not name Obama in his suit because in addition to participating as a government official in the ceremony , Obama possesses rights as an individual that allow him to express religious beliefs . "  If he chooses to ask for God 's help , I 'm not going to challenge him , " Newdow said . "  I think it 's unwise . " A decision from the federal judge is expected in the next few days . The high court ruled against Newdow in 2004 after he tried to block the Pledge of Allegiance from being recited at his daughter 's Sacramento , California-area public school because it contains the phrase "  under God . " He argued the case himself before the justices , making an impassioned plea that the teacher-led pledge forces religion on impressionable youngsters and carries the stamp of government approval .	Court documents say President-elect Barack Obama asked to invoke God Groups are suing to block any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies Many presidents have added the phrase "  so help me God " at end of oath
Sharon Edwards of Salem , Oregon , may have to move to Mexico , where the cost of living is cheaper , so she can afford her retirement . She was always good about saving , but because of forced retirement at 62 , the self-employed interpreter is now limited to a $ 500 monthly budget . Her finances are determined by Social Security , savings and the cost of treating a chronic lung disease . She worries about meeting her basic needs during her later years and thinks about selling her house to finance her expenses . "  When I budgeted for life as a single woman , I did n't budget for 3 % inflation , the loss of half of my retirement savings in the market crash , my hearing loss or early retirement , " she said . Almost daily , we hear stories of the crisis stemming from the breakdown of the three-legged stool of retirement : traditional pensions , Social Security and individual savings . For the majority of Americans , one of the legs of the stool is already gone -- traditional pensions . With its replacement , the 401  k  , the stool is in danger of tipping retirees into poverty . Recent research finds 401  k  - style defined contribution plans have lost their shine . IRAs and 401  k  plans lost a combined $ 2.8 trillion , or 47 % of their value , between September 2007 and December 2008 , the height of the economic recession . Retirement experts find that these plans have numerous shortcomings , including high operation costs and low investment returns . The biggest problem with defined contribution plans is that alone they do not provide retirees with guaranteed retirement income . If employees do n't make the right large contributions into the right investment mix at the right time , they are at high risk for poverty during retirement . This risk continues to spread as the job of planning and managing retirement savings continues to be transferred to workers who have to learn in their spare time to do what professional money managers are trained and paid to do full-time . The switch from traditional pensions to defined contribution plans in the private sector also challenges workers to determine their own life expectancy as they manage their savings plan . Edwards may live to 70 or she may live to 95 , but she has to manage her retirement savings as if she 'll live to 95 , or else longer-than-average life expectancy could cause her to run out of money . This means both that she needed to save more , and invest much more conservatively , than if she had a traditional pension . If workers continue to be forced to play the dual role of employee and retirement actuary , stories of older workers like Edwards will not change for the better . We must work to improve and expand retirement options . We need to explore new innovative retirement models that provide guaranteed retirement income for all workers if we are going to be a country where once again working people can reasonably expect to be able to retire . This year , California State Sen. Kevin De León and Darrell Steinberg , the Senate president pro tempore , made headlines for introducing legislation that would allow private-sector workers to enroll in a modest , state-operated retirement program . A similar proposal has been championed by New York City Comptroller John Liu . The plan , based on a new retirement model created by New School economics professor Teresa Ghilarducci , would pool employee and employer contributions into a professionally managed , citywide retirement fund . Although the future of these proposals is uncertain , they are a step in the right direction . Traditional pensions usually outperform their counterparts because they are managed professionally , and because they can use the average life expectancy of their participants for their investment time horizon . We should look at what has worked well with traditional pensions , which keep nearly 5 million older Americans out of poverty , and use those attributes to reach more retirees . After all , should n't retirement stories come with happy endings ? Part of what we aspire to as Americans is being able to stop working with our dreams and reasonable expectations of retirement still intact . What does it say about the American dream if Sharon Edwards ca n't continue to afford her home or actually has to move to another country to retire ?	Yvonne Walker : 401  k  - style plans create danger of tipping retirees into poverty Walker says 401  k  s and IRAs lost $ 2.8 trillion -- 47 percent of their value -- in 2008 We need innovative retirement models that provide guaranteed retirement income , Walker says Walker : California and New York City have recently proposed such innovative plans
Hong Kong  CNN  A year ago , China relaxed its controversial one-child policy , allowing couples to have a second baby if the mother or father was an only child themselves . It was hailed as a major liberalization of the three-decades old restriction , but new figures suggest that fewer people than expected are taking the plunge and expanding their family . Nationwide , nearly one million couples eligible under the new rules have applied to have a second child , state media reported on Monday . It 's estimated that 11 million couples are eligible for additional children , and health officials had said that the policy would lead to as many as two million new births when the policy change was first announced . In the capital Beijing , around 30,000 couples have submitted applications for a second child , fewer than the 50,000 expected , state news agency Xinhua reported . The situation in other cities such as Shanghai and Shenzhen is similar , it added . Many parents feel like Beijing resident Eason , a father of a three-year-old who fears the financial burden another baby would bring . He declined to give his full name . "  Raising our only child is already taking up a very significant part of our expenditure , " he said . "  Having another baby would cost more for their education , housing , and such . " "  Taking care of only one child is very energy-consuming for the two of us and our parents . " Others , like Zhang Li , are going ahead with plans to get pregnant but face opposition from family members . "  My parents are strongly against us having a second baby . They think it will bring much more financial obligations . Plus , no one will have the time and energy to take care of the newborn , " she told CNN . Attitudes like these worry demographers , who warn that China faces the prospect of growing old before it gets wealthy enough to look after its elderly . Many think China should scrap its birth control policy entirely to ensure the country has enough workers to support an aging population . There have been reports that this might happen as soon as 2016 . "  Long term demographics are a concern . China is sometimes compared with Japan , where economic problems have in part stemmed from demographic trends , " said Brian Jackson , a Beijing-based economist at research group IHS Global Insight . Perhaps China 's leaders are hoping that parents are simply putting their baby-making plans on hold until fortunes are a little more assured . The upcoming Lunar New Year , which begins in February , marks the Year of the Sheep in the Chinese Zodiac ; "  sheep babies " are traditionally believed to be meek and encounter bad luck . CNN intern Sherry Fei Ju in Beijing contributed to this report	Wary of changing demographics , Chinese authorities recently relaxed the country 's controversial one-child policy Fewer couples than expected are taking up applications for a second child The financial burden of another child is often cited as a main reason for not taking advantage of the policy change
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Leonardo da Vinci 's masterpiece the "  Mona Lisa " was attacked with a mug earlier this month , but the world 's most famous painting -- protected by thick glass -- emerged with its enigmatic smile undimmed . The "  Mona Lisa " sits behind bulletproof glass in the Louvre gallery . French police say a woman "  not in her senses " lobbed the mug at the 500-year-old painting , which hangs in the Louvre gallery in Paris . The woman , a tourist , was later transferred from police custody to a psychiatric unit , a police spokesman told CNN . The spokesman declined to be identified , and did not say where the woman was from . The "  Mona Lisa , " considered one of the world 's most valuable paintings , sits behind bulletproof glass in a special wing of the Louvre , attracting visitors in their millions . The Italian Renaissance masterpiece , which depicts a dark-haired young woman with an aloof facial expression , has been the target of attacks in the past . In 1956 the artwork was damaged when acid was thrown at it . A rock was also thrown in a separate incident in the same year . In 1911 it was stolen from the Louvre but was returned two years later . CNN 's Flora Genoux in Paris , France , contributed to this report .	"  Mona Lisa , " protected by bulletproof glass , is undamaged Tourist who threw mug has been sent to a psychiatric unit 500-year-old artwork has suffered previous attacks
CNN  A U.S. citizen with alleged ties to al Qaeda did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance Thursday on charges of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists . Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh , 29 , was deported from Pakistan to the United States . He 's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad , according to a complaint unsealed in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York in Brooklyn . "  This is news for celebration , " said CNN counterterrorism analyst Philip Mudd . "  Pretty simple reason why : If you look at a case like this , I think most Americans would say the significance of this case is that this guy , an American , is going to come back home and conduct an attack . Instead , you should look at him as a ... facilitator . "  He 's not going to burn himself by coming back . He 's going to serve as the conduit or known in Pakistan who understands the West , how you travel , how you stay out of the clutches of law enforcement and he also understands al Qaeda in Pakistan . Those people are really hard to come by . This is a great catch not because he was a potential bomber but because he could have trained tens of bombers . " Farekh 's court appearance comes on the same day that federal prosecutors announced the arrests of two New York women accused of planning to build an explosive device for an attack on U.S. soil . The women , identified as Noelle Velentzas , 28 , and Asia Siddiqui , 31 , were arrested in a plot inspired by the terrorist group ISIS and others to build a weapon of mass destruction , according to a criminal complaint . They are both U.S. citizens and were roommates in the borough of Queens . Farekh allegedly departed from Canada and headed to Pakistan with two other men in 2007 with the intention of fighting American forces abroad , prosecutors said . In the past 18 months , the Justice Department 's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups . Of those cases , 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS . "  Given how the terrorist threat to the world is evolving , how the potential terrorist threat to our nation is evolving , homeland security is becoming a matter of ` hometown security , ' " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday . "  The terrorist threat is more decentralized , more diffuse , more complicated . It involves the potential lone wolf actor , it involves the effective use of social media , the Internet . " A Texas native , Farekh and his co-conspirators allegedly conspired to provide material support and resources to al Qaeda from 2006 to 2009 , according to the complaint . Their intention , according to court documents : To kill and attempt to kill U.S. government employees and military personnel abroad . "  Al Farekh allegedly provided material support to terrorists with every intention of becoming a martyr , " FBI Assistant Director in Charge Diego Rodriguez said in a statement . "  Today , members of our military are safer . " When Farekh , another man named Ferid Imam and a third co-conspirator left Canada for Pakistan in 2007 , they did not inform their families of their plans , court documents said . The three men were enrolled as students at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg , Canada . Prosecutors said they called a friend in Canada after arriving in Pakistan to say that they would not be heard from again because they were becoming martyrs . In September 2008 , Imam allegedly provided weapons and other military training at an al Qaeda camp in Pakistan to three men -- Najibullah Zazi , Zarein Ahmedzay and Adis Medunjanin . The trio had planned to return to the United States to carry out a suicide attack on the New York subway , according to prosecutors . Zazi and Ahmedzay have pleaded guilty and are cooperating with prosecutors . They have not been sentenced . Medunjanin was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment . Imam has been indicted for his role in the plot . If convicted , Farekh faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison . His next court date is May 2 .	Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh was deported from Pakistan to the United States The U.S. citizen is accused of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists
CNN  -- England will make their defense of the World Twenty20 title without gifted batsman Kevin Pietersen , who was omitted from their 15-man squad Tuesday . Pietersen was man of the tournament in their triumph in the Caribbean two years ago , but is at odds with teammates and the England management for "  provocative " texts sent to opposition South African players . The 32-year-old was left out of the third Test against South Africa at Lord 's , which ended in a 51-run defeat , despite scoring a superb century in the previous match of the series . He has apologized for the text messages , which allegedly criticized England captain Andrew Strauss , but it has not been enough to earn him a recall to the England fold . "  Kevin Pietersen 's future involvement is still being determined and he was therefore not considered for selection in either squad , " national selector Geoff Miller told the official England and Wales Cricket Board website . South African born Pietersen averages nearly 50 runs per innings in Test cricket and is renowned for his ability to score quickly in one day internationals and the Twenty20 format . But earlier this year he made a shock announcement to retire from one-day internationals and Twenty20 matches for England . After his superb 149 in the second Test against South Africa , Pietersen cast further doubt on his future by saying "  obstacles " must be overcome for him to continue playing . He was believed to be referring to a fake Twitter account which portrayed him in unflattering terms and was being followed by several of his teammates . But Pietersen was soon using YouTube to announce that he was available again for England in all forms of cricket . It was not enough to earn him selection for the final Test where England lost their No. 1 status and his exile has now continued . Pietersen 's close friend , the Australian cricket legend Shane Warne , said Tuesday that it was a "  tragedy " that he would not be playing for England . "  There 's a bit too much ego at the ECB  England and Wales Cricket Board  , there 's no give or take or compromise , " Warne told a press conference in Sydney . "  If he does n't sign his England contract , if he does n't play for England again , I just think that 's a tragedy . " But Warne added : "  Kevin Pietersen has to put his hand up and say ` I 've conducted myself in a pretty ordinary fashion , too ' . " England 's squad contained few surprises , with eight survivors of the squad which won the trophy two years ago . Jonathan Bairstow , who scored 95 and 54 in stepping in for Pietersen at Lord 's , is included . "  We are very much looking forward to beginning the defence of our World T20 title next month , " said Miller .	Kevin Pietersen left out of England 's World Twenty20 squad Pietersen starred in their triumph in the Caribbean two years ago South African born batsman at odds with England team management Australian legend Shane Warne says omission is a ` tragedy '
Washington  CNN  -- Diplomatic tensions between the United States and Venezuela showed no signs of slowing Monday as the State Department announced that two Venezuelan diplomats had been expelled . Orlando Jose Montanez Olivares and Victor Camacaro Mata were declared personae non gratae and ordered to leave the country in response to the South American nation 's decision to kick out two U.S. officials last week , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters . "  Around the world , when our people are thrown out unjustly , we 're going to take reciprocal action , " she said . "  We need to do that to protect our own people . " The expulsion of the Venezuelan diplomats comes after Venezuelan officials -- just hours before announcing President Hugo Chavez 's death last week -- said they were expelling two U.S. Embassy officials and accused them of plotting to destabilize the country . "  In the day or days that followed there was some pretty heated rhetoric coming in our direction , " Nuland said Monday . "  I think I called it at one point a page from the old ` Chavista ' playbook that we were hoping was going to change . ... There is work that we would like to do together , particularly in the areas of counter-terrorism , counternarcotics , economics and energy relations , but it 's going to take a change of tone from Caracas . " The expelled Venezuelan diplomats have left the United States , Nuland said . Camacaro worked in the Venezuelan Consulate in New York , and Montanez worked at the Venezuelan Embassy in Washington , she said . The expelled U.S. officials , both air attaches at the U.S. Embassy in Caracas , were accused of having meetings with members of the Venezuelan military and encouraging them to pursue "  destabilizing projects , " Venezuelan Foreign Minister Elias Jaua said . "  We will not allow any foreign interference in our country , " Jaua said last week . Nicolas Maduro , then vice president and now Venezuela 's interim leader , also suggested as he criticized the U.S. Embassy officials last week that someone had deliberately infected Chavez with cancer . State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell denied the accusations . "  This fallacious assertion of inappropriate U.S. action leads us to conclude that , unfortunately , the current Venezuelan government is not interested an improved relationship , " he said . It is n't the first time that diplomatic tensions have surged between the two countries . Last year the State Department declared Venezuela 's consul general in Miami persona non grata -- Latin for unwelcome or unacceptable person -- and expelled her from the United States . In 2008 , Venezuela expelled the U.S. ambassador to the South American country . A day later , the United States said it was expelling the Venezuelan ambassador . Maduro enters Venezuelan presidency race CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Juan Carlos Lopez reported from Washington CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : US . official : "  Our people are thrown out unjustly , we 're going to take reciprocal action " NEW : Working together is "  going to take a change of tone from Caracas , " she says Two Venezuelan diplomats are expelled from the United States The move comes after two U.S. officials were expelled from Venezuela
CNN  -- A U.S.-flagged ship that played a central role in a bloody hijacking drama last spring was attacked again Wednesday , a busy day for piracy in the dangerous waters off the east coast of Africa . It was the first time a security team aboard a major merchant ship repelled a pirate attack , a top U.S. Navy officer said . But a defensive weapon that emits a loud noise did not work , Vice Adm. Bill Gortney said in a briefing . "  They tried to employ -LSB- a long-range acoustical device -RSB- and it did not have the effect , " said Gortney , the commander of U.S. Naval Forces Central Command , which is responsible for the area favored by pirates . He said he did not know why the device did not work . The Maersk Alabama came under automatic weapons fire from pirates about 350 nautical miles east of the Somali coast , the European Union 's anti-piracy force said , but fought the attackers off . The failed attack came on a day of dramatic piracy events : The captain of a ship hijacked Monday was confirmed to have died , even as his ship was used to attack another , and a Spanish prosecutor demanded an investigation into reports that a ransom had been paid for a ship released Tuesday . The failed attack Wednesday targeted the same ship that was hijacked in the Indian Ocean in April . Its captain , Richard Phillips , was held hostage on a lifeboat for five days before U.S. Navy snipers shot three pirates dead . A fourth pirate was arrested , and Phillips was rescued . This time , private security guards on the Danish-owned ship fended off the pirates , EU and U.S. naval sources said . Security had been beefed up on the vessel since the attack in April , Maersk spokesman Kevin Speers told CNN . The ship 's owners did not immediately respond to a CNN question about whether Phillips is still captain of the ship . Somali pirates vowed revenge for the killing of their compatriots by the U.S. Navy in April , but it was not immediately clear if the Maersk Alabama was targeted intentionally or if the latest attack was a coincidence . No casualties were reported on the ship , but pirates on land in Somalia feared the pirates who attacked the Maersk Alabama may have been killed or wounded , or may have drowned , they told a local journalist . There has been no contact with them since they attacked the Maersk Alabama , a pirate in the central Somali town of Harardhere said . Their last communication came while they were battling the security guards on the cargo ship , the pirate said . Pirates on land also exchanged gunfire -- with one another . They fought among themselves Wednesday over a multimillion-dollar ransom they received for releasing a Spanish fishing boat , said a local journalist in contact with the pirates . "  There was a heavy exchange of gunfire between some of our friends " one pirate told the journalist , speaking of the other pirates . "  They fought over the 3 million euro  $ 4.5 million  received as a ransom from the Spanish boat . " At least two pirates were wounded in the gunfight in Harardhere , a pirate stronghold in central Somalia , the local journalist told CNN . Those two pirates are in critical condition and have been transferred to the town of Galka ` yo . The Alakrana , the Spanish fishing vessel , was freed Tuesday along with its 36 crew members , Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero said . It had been held for 47 days . Zapatero did not say how the ship was freed . Spanish media -- including CNN sister station CNN + , which cited a source it said was close to the negotiations -- reported that a ransom had been paid . A top prosecutor in Madrid on Wednesday called for an investigation into the reported ransom . National Court prosecutor Jesus Alonso sent a written request for the ransom investigation to Judge Santiago Pedraz , asking that the financial web involved in the alleged payment be untangled , including commissions paid to intermediaries in the negotiations , CNN + reported from the courthouse . The prosecutor also called on the judge to take testimony from all the ship 's 36 crew members . Various government ministers have sidestepped questions about whether a ransom was paid , but Spanish media reported the payment to the pirates totaled $ 3.5 million to $ 4 million . A leading Spanish fishing industry executive , Juan Manuel Vieites , told CNN on Wednesday that he was certain a ransom was paid for the release of the Spanish tuna trawler . But Vieites , who heads Euroatun -- a pan-European tuna fishing industry group -- and a Spanish tuna canning association , said he was n't sure about the amount of the ransom . He declined to provide details . A day after the hijacking , Spanish military monitoring the situation captured two pirate suspects as they left the fishing boat and later brought them to Madrid . The two were indicted Monday on 36 counts of kidnapping and armed robbery . They could face sentences of more than 200 years in prison each because of the multiple kidnapping counts . Separately , the captain of a chemical tanker seized earlier this week died of a wound inflicted during the hijacking , a pirate said . The ship , the MV Theresa VIII , was used to attack another ship off the Somali coast , the pirate said , but did not provide any other details . The Virgin Islands-flagged vessel , with a crew of 28 North Koreans and operated from Singapore , was seized in the Indian Ocean on Monday , according to the EU naval force . It was heading for Mombasa , Kenya , but was hijacked in the south Somali Basin , about 180 miles northwest of the Seychelles , the EU statement said . Pirates have captured more than 50 ships this year off Somalia . Mohamed Amiin Adow and CNN Madrid Bureau Chief Al Goodman in Spain contributed to this report .	NEW : Captain of Virgin Islands-flagged ship , hijacked Monday , confirmed to have died Maersk Alabama , after April hijacking in which pirates died , thwarts attack Wednesday Other pirates apparently fight over ransom money from Spanish vessel hijacking Top prosecutor in Madrid calls for investigation into reported ransom
CNN  -- A Pennsylvania woman was charged Monday with criminal homicide after forensic tests showed her to be the mother of four infants whose remains were found in her home in July , according to Berks County , Pennsylvania , District Attorney John Adams . Authorities also linked her to a fifth set of infant remains found in a nearby landfill . Michele Kalina , who has been in jail since she was arrested August 9 on charges relating to the discovery of the infants ' remains at her home in Reading , was charged Monday with criminal homicide and five counts of "  abuse of corpse " and is being held without bail , Adams said in a statement released by his office . Kalina 's teenage daughter first contacted authorities on July 29 , unsure of what she had discovered in the living room closet , Adams told CNN . Later that day , officers recovered the suspected remains of three infants from Kalina 's apartment . "  These remains were stored in a living room closet and each infant was recovered from an individual plastic container , " according to the district attorney 's statement . "  One of the containers contained an amount of cured cement , which was later determined to have encased the remains of one of the infants . " Detectives later recovered a fourth set of infant remains at the house , and found a bone believed to be from a fifth set of infant remains in a landfill . Adams said DNA testing matched her positively to four of the five remains and a man Adams described as her boyfriend to three . Adams said both the boyfriend and Kalina 's husband denied knowledge of any pregnancies . Kalina , a nurse 's aide , "  always sort of wore those scrubs and hid -LSB- her pregnancies -RSB- well , " Adams told CNN . According to the statement from Adams ' office , the pathology report indicated four of the deaths were , "  consistent with asphyxia , poisoning , or neglect . " "  We may make the determination that we will charge her with four separate counts , " Adams said . "  However , this is a very unusual case and frankly we 're going to have to discuss this with our forensic pathologist . " Kalina 's attorney , public defender Holly Feeney , had no comment .	Police discovered four sets of infant remains at a Pennsylvania house in July A fifth set of infant remains was found in a landfill DNA tests showed a woman to be the mother of at least four of the infants , police said She was charged Monday with criminal homicide
CNN  -- When my publisher first suggested the title for my new book , "  Work Like A Spy " I bristled . Being called a spy is a pet peeve shared by everyone I know in the intelligence community , after all . So , to set the record straight , CIA officers are not spies â $ " a spy is someone who commits espionage against his own country . CIA officers recruit spies . Semantic quibbling aside , the primary purpose of the CIA 's clandestine service is to identify and then to recruit sources of intelligence . Spies . Done well , this yields the sort of information that can change policy , shape strategy , and even save lives . But individuals who have access to the sort of information sought by the CIA are few and far between . Individuals who have both the access and a willingness to provide said information to the U.S. government are even rarer still , and this dearth of suitable candidates presents constant challenges . It can be said , then , that the CIA knows a thing or two about finding and recruiting the right people . So , although the CIA 's version of recruitment may involve higher stakes and greater risks than the corporate version , there are still business lessons to be learned from the recruitment practices used in the clandestine world . Here are a few : Know the gaps Every case officer in every posting around the globe has a deeply ingrained sense of mission , and that mission is spelled out in the form of requirements . In a nutshell , these are the ever-changing and rank-ordered intelligence gaps in need of filling . Issues related to terrorism top everyone 's list , of course , as do a number of other global topics . But other requirements may be specific to the region in which the officer works , or even the officer 's specific area of expertise . A case officer in one part of the world may concentrate on long-range missile programs , whereas an officer on the other side of the globe may focus more on political reporting . These requirements guide CIA officers during every networking opportunity , every meeting and every chance encounter , helping them determine if and how to proceed . Be honest , are the leaders of your organization similarly aware of the skill gaps impacting your company 's success ? And , if so , are they prepared to seek out those skills during every networking opportunity ? Too often , recruiting is viewed as little more than a list of current job openings managed exclusively by the HR department . But just imagine being able to tap into the collective social and business networks of every employee in your organization . The pool of talent that such a meta-network can yield has the added benefit of built-in screening by the people you already trust . Identify your targets The intelligence gaps I just mentioned are also used in a more active way â $ " to initiate and drive targeting efforts . More specifically , when critical information is needed , teams of officers from both the analytical and the operational sides of the CIA set about identifying exactly who might be able to provide the answers and fill the gaps . These individuals are then systematically targeted for recruitment . Corporate recruitment practices , on the other hand , tend to be passive : a job vacancy is posted , and respondents are screened . Even relatively proactive efforts such as attendance at job fairs or college recruiting events rely on job seekers making the first move . Instead , consider adopting targeting techniques from the CIA to identify those individuals who are instrumental to your competitors ' success . These are the people you want on your team ; these are the people you want to hire . Before you raise an ethical objection to "  stealing " employees , remind yourself that your competitors will quite cheerfully steal your customers . Assess motivation For every spy who demands an exorbitant sum in exchange for sensitive data , there 's another who would do it for free simply because he believes that it 's the right thing to do . There are as many reasons for spying as there are spies , and it 's a CIA officer 's job to understand and cater to specific motivations . The recruitment approach that would appeal to someone who yearns for the sense of adventure and intrigue afforded by working with the CIA would almost certainly fail to persuade an individual motivated by more ideological matters . The business world would be well served by the same degree of sensitivity to specific motivations , especially when it comes to critical skill sets . Everyone knows that salaries are negotiable , but the corporate world is still largely reluctant to negotiate other terms of employment . We 've acknowledged the benefits and the appeal of flexible work hours and conditions for decades now , but it 's the rare organization that uses its full arsenal of motivating forces to lure the top talent from their competitors . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of J.C. Carleson .	CIA recruitment techniques can be applied to corporate life Be proactive and do n't be afraid to poach talent , says Carleson Identify different motivations to recruit top talent
CNN  -- A rumored rift between Iran 's two most powerful leaders surfaced Sunday when Ayatollah Ali Khamenei overruled President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's acceptance of the resignation of the country 's intelligence minister . The Fars semiofficial state news agency reported that Ahmadinejad had accepted the resignation of Heydar Moslehi as the intelligence minister , who oversees the crackdown on anti-government protests in Iran . A later Fars report said Moslehi was reinstated by Khamenei "  because the supreme leader opposed his removal from his post . " "  Following the reports in news websites belonging to the government that said Moslehi 's resignation had been accepted by the president , he will remain in his post because the supreme leader , Ayatollah Khamenei , opposed the resignation , " according to Fars . Under Iranian political tradition , the supreme leader appoints or approves the appointments of the ministers of intelligence , interior , defense and foreign affairs . The first indications of a rift between Khamenei and Ahmadinejad came in 2009 , when Khamenei forced the president to remove his first vice president , who also is the father of Ahmadinejad 's daughter-in-law . CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this story .	Ahmadinejad accepted the intelligence minister 's resignation Supreme Ruler Khamenei then rejected the change It is the latest indication of a rift between the two
CNN  -- British cycling chief Brian Cookson announced Tuesday he would challenge Irishman Pat McQuaid for the top job at the UCI -- promising to clean up the sport in the wake of the Lance Armstrong doping scandal . Cookson , 61 , told CNN that he was standing for election as president of the world governing body because he was unhappy with its failure to deal with the issues raised since Armstrong made his public admission of guilt last year . "  We are still mired in controversy from the Lance Armstrong era , " said Cookson . "  We need to clean that up and deal with historic accusations . " Cookson has been credited with turning around the fortunes of the British federation , which he rescued from the brink of bankruptcy in the 1990s . Latterly , riders such as reigning Tour de France champion Bradley Wiggins , Mark Cavendish and the track cycling team led by the now retired Chris Hoy , have catapulted British cycling to worldwide prominence . Cookson , while quick to give credit to others for recent triumphs , believes that record will strengthen his claims come the election at the UCI annual congress in Florence , Italy in September . "  I 'm very proud of the success we have achieved with British cycling and not in a way which generates conflict which seems to the UCI 's modus operandi for the last several years , " he said . "  I believe there is a massive appetite for change from people out there who are dissatisfied with the way the international cycling union  UCI  is running the sport . " Cookson , who has sat on the UCI management board with McQuaid since 2009 , said he had no qualms about opposing him now . "  I 've supported Pat in the past , but I have n't undermined him and now we are in an election period you need to stand up and be counted . " Cookson acknowledged that progress had been made since McQuaid took over the presidency in 2006 , but was impatient for further reforms . "  I want to see an organization fit for a modern era which is accountable and which people can trust . " McQuaid and the Swiss-based UCI has come under intense spotlight since the publication of a damning report from the U.S. Anti Doping Agency  USADA  last October , which laid bare the doping culture of Armstrong and other leading riders . Armstrong was forced to own up in a live television appearance with Oprah Winfrey and was subsequently stripped of his seven Tour de France wins . Question marks were also raised about the UCI 's role during Armstrong 's era of domination and allegations have been made it was complicit in covering up positive tests . It has also been at loggerheads with the World Anti Doping Agency  WADA  over the establishment of an independent commission , which would have attempted to get full disclosure of the extent of doping in cycling , but was disbanded by the UCI before it could report . Cookson said his first priority would be to restore confidence and credibility in the sport . "  We must also urgently carry out a fully independent investigation into the allegations of corruption in this area which have so damaged the UCI 's reputation , " he said in his official supporting statement on the British Cycling website . Despite the controversies , the 63-year-old McQuaid has put himself forward as president for a third time and was formally nominated by the Swiss federation last month . In a statement released at the time , McQuaid said he stood by his record : "  I put myself forward to serve another term as UCI president on my record of developing the sport throughout the world and on combating the scourge of doping in cycling , " he said . "  I have received a wealth of letters from national federations all around the world urging me to stand for president again . " McQuaid and Cookson are the only two publicly declared and nominated candidates at present , but former Tour de France champion Greg Lemond -- a fierce critic the current president -- has also hinted he may run for the job .	Battle ahead for top job in world cycling Brian Cookson will oppose Pat McQuaid for UCI presidency Cookson promises to clean up the sport and great transparency McQuaid has been criticized for his handling of Lance Armstrong affair
BEIRUT , Lebanon  CNN  -- Four generals held without charges since 2005 in connection with the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri were freed Wednesday on orders from the U.N. tribunal investigating the killing . The tribunal investigating the murder of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri orders generals ' release . The four -- Jamil Sayyed , Ali Hajj , Raymond Azar and Mustafa Hamdan -- had been arrested after a coalition led by Hariri 's son Saad swept to power in the wake of the assassination . They were met by well-wishers upon their release , with opposition lawmakers greeting Azar , Hajj and Sayyed . "  This never happened since the Ottoman times , even during the Syrian time , that people were just locked in jail for no reason and no charge , " Sayyed said after being met by top lawmakers from the opposition party Hezbollah . He called for supporters to remember them in parliamentary elections scheduled for June , and "  let justice take over . " Sayyed was the director of Lebanon 's internal security services at the time of the car bombing , which killed 22 others along with Hariri . Hajj was the country 's domestic security chief ; Azar was the head of military intelligence and Hamdan was in charge of President Emile Lahoud 's security force . The U.N. tribunal convened to investigate Hariri 's February 2005 death ordered the men released earlier Wednesday , declaring the evidence against them was "  not sufficiently credible to request the maintenance in detention of those persons . " Hariri was credited with rebuilding Beirut after the country 's 15-year civil war ended in 1990 . Many Lebanese blamed Syria , which had dominated Lebanon politically and militarily since the civil war , for the killing . The assassination sparked widespread protests that led to the election of an anti-Syrian bloc in parliament and the withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon . Damascus denies any role in Hariri 's killing , but the U.N. investigation has found indications of Syrian involvement . In a speech following Wednesday 's announcement , Saad Hariri said he accepted the order freeing the suspects "  because that shows the seriousness of the tribunal . " "  We said before that we do n't want revenge from anyone , even those that we suspect were behind the crime , " Hariri said . He added , "  We do n't want any scapegoat . We want justice . " The U.N. tribunal opened in March , and the prosecution could take as long as 10 years , sources close to the probe said . Investigators have had to navigate Lebanon 's tightly interwound politics , where power is divided among the country 's Christian , Sunni Muslim and Shiite Muslim blocs and between pro- and anti-Syrian factions . Hezbollah , the pro-Syrian Shiite movement that maintains its own militia , took up the generals ' cause and hailed their release . "  Their detention was a disgrace to the Lebanese legal system and everyone who was involved in their detention , " Hezbollah lawmaker Ibrahim Amin said .	Generals held in connection with assassination in Lebanon are freed Tribunal investigating murder of former PM ordered their release Rafik Hariri was killed in a car bombing in Beirut in 2005 Washington accuses Syria of being behind the killing of the popular statesman
CNN  -- At least 11 people died and another 50 were injured when the driver of double-decker bus traveling from Bolivia to Argentina lost control of the vehicle , which veered three meters off a cliff , Argentinean state media said . The crash took place Friday evening in the village of Barcena , about 38 kilometers  24 miles  north of the city of San Salvador de Jujuy , the Telam news agency said . The bus belonged to Bolivian company Potosi . Dr. Camilo Eduardo Nevhen , director of the Pablo Soria Hospital in San Salvador de Jujuy , told CNN en Espanol that 69 people were onboard , including the driver and two assistants . The passengers included 59 adults and seven minors . The Pablo Soria Hospital admitted 40 patients ; four were in intensive care Saturday . The patients include 34 Bolivians , two French nationals , one Spanish national and one Peruvian national . Telam reported that the passengers included five Argentinians , three Peruvians , three French , one Spanish national and one British national . Nevhen said some passengers have been in contact with the consulates of Spain , Bolivia and France .	A bus carrying passengers of different nationalities crashes in Argentina At least 11 people are dead and 50 injured , Telam says Some consulates are in contact with victims , a hospital director says
CNN  -- Not guilty . That 's the verdict jurors reached this weekend in the trial of George Zimmerman , the Florida man who shot and killed 17-year-old Trayvon Martin . The decision might have capped the criminal case , but for Zimmerman and others , it also marked new chapters in their lives . Protests erupted in a number of U.S. cities , and reactions to the verdict poured in from all sides Sunday , including from the nation 's highest office . The response was outsized because the case has come to represent something greater than the sum of its parts . It 's become a forum for debate about gun laws and race in America . Donna Brazile : Doing what 's right not just about law "  The whole world was looking at this case for a reason . ... We 'd be intellectually dishonest if we did n't acknowledge the racial undertones , " said Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump . "  So we have to have very responsible conversations about how we get better as a country , and move forward from this tragedy , and learn from it . " Here 's a look at how the case got started , the trial and what could happen next : How did we get here ? On the night of February 26 , 2012 , Martin was walking back to the house of his father 's fiancee after going to a Sanford , Florida , convenience store . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , spotted the teenager and called police . A 911 dispatcher told Zimmerman that officers were on the way and not to follow Martin . Zimmerman got out of his car , later telling police he 'd wanted to get a definitive address to relay to authorities . Sometime after that , Zimmerman and Martin got into a physical altercation . Fast facts and timeline of the case Attorneys aired competing theories during the trial about that fight . Who was the aggressor ? Did Martin see or reach for Zimmerman 's gun ? The exact sequence of events was not clear . Initially , no charged were pursued against Zimmerman , who identifies as Hispanic . Martin was African-American . Demonstrators demanding Zimmerman 's arrest rallied around the country . Even President Barack Obama weighed in on the controversy , saying about a month after Martin was killed that the incident required national "  soul-searching . " Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder on April 11 , 2012 . Zimmerman could still be held responsible for Martin 's death The verdict His case was decided by a six-person , all-female jury . Five of the women were white ; one was a minority . They deliberated for 16 1/2 hours before delivering their decision late Saturday night . The jury had three choices : to find Zimmerman guilty of second-degree murder ; to find him guilty of a lesser charge of manslaughter ; or to find him not guilty . They opted for the latter . Five things that led to Zimmerman 's acquittal None of the jurors wanted to talk to the media , and they have indicated they wo n't speak in the future . "  Jurors were given packets of letters from the media containing interview requests . They expressed no interest at this time , " a court spokeswoman tweeted after the verdict . Reaction across the country Just steps away from the courthouse where the jury decided Zimmerman 's fate , protesters vowed their fight was n't over . Rallies were held in Los Angeles , San Francisco , Chicago , New York and other cities . Protesters waved signs in Dallas that said , "  Justice system is a joke , " CNN affiliate WFAA reported . Family members on both sides also spoke out . Zimmerman 's brother , Robert Zimmerman Jr. , told CNN that the "  facts spoke for themselves . " "  I think we should really take a step back , respect that verdict , respect those six women -- an all-women jury , who had to make a really tough call and had to look at this outside all the emotions that were stirred up , and all of the racial innuendo that was stirred up , and just kind of look at the facts , " he said . Trayvon Martin 's father said his heart was broken but his faith was not . "  God blessed Me & Sybrina with Tray and even in his death I know my baby proud of the FIGHT we along with all of you put up for him GOD BLESS , " Tracy Martin wrote in a tweet . "  Even though I am broken hearted my faith is unshattered I WILL ALWAYS LOVE MY BABY TRAY . " Likewise , Obama weighed in on the case , urging "  calm reflection . " At the same time , he stressed that "  we are a nation of laws , and a jury has spoken . " He called Martin 's death a tragedy for America . "  I know this case has elicited strong passions . And in the wake of the verdict , I know those passions may be running even higher , " Obama said . "  I now ask every American to respect the call for calm reflection from two parents who lost their young son . And as we do , we should ask ourselves if we 're doing all we can to widen the circle of compassion and understanding in our own communities . "  We should ask ourselves if we 're doing all we can to stem the tide of gun violence that claims too many lives across this country on a daily basis , " the president said . Opinion : Case echoes issues of race , guns What 's next in this saga ? Zimmerman 's next steps are a question mark . Robert Zimmerman Jr. said his brother "  is going to be looking around his shoulder for the rest of his life . " "  He has to be very cautious and protective of his safety because there is still a fringe element who have said , at least in tweets and everything else , that they want revenge -- that they will not listen to a verdict of not guilty , " defense attorney Mark O'Mara said . And even though the Florida jury found Zimmerman not guilty , a court could still hold him accountable for Martin 's death . That could happen in two ways : A civil lawsuit or a civil rights suit . A civil suit allows a party to seek monetary damages against another for causing physical or emotional harm , regardless of the outcome of a criminal trial . Trayvon 's dad : My heart is broken , my faith is not A civil rights suit involves criminal charges for violating someone 's civil rights , which are protected under federal law . So far , members of Martin 's family have only said they want the public to respect the Florida court 's verdict . But the NAACP is pushing the U.S. Department of Justice to file a civil rights suit . The rights group accuses Zimmerman of racial profiling that led to Martin 's death -- an allegation that Zimmerman , his family and his supporters have denied . The Justice Department did not respond directly to the NAACP demand . It has an ongoing separate federal investigation . Analysis : The race factor in Zimmerman 's trial CNN 's Greg Botelho , Holly Yan , Catherine Shoichet , Josh Levs and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	George Zimmerman was on trial for the shooting death of Trayvon Martin Over the weekend , a six-person jury found him not guilty Protesters upset with the verdict rally in Chicago , New York and other cities President Barack Obama calls for "  calm reflection " after the emotions-rousing verdict
After 25 years and nearly 30 trials , Italy 's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi has for the first time been handed a definitive sentence by the country 's highest court . Berlusconi , who served three times as premier , was found guilty of tax fraud and given a four-year sentence , of which he will serve only one year due to an amnesty aimed at cutting down on prison overcrowding . READ MORE : Silvio 's fury at high court verdict The high court also ordered a lower court to reconsider whether Berlusconi should be banned from public office . Prosecutors had been seeking a five-year ban , but the lower court will have to review this part of the sentence , and will probably issue a three-year ban . So what happens next ? Once the sentence goes into effect in a few days , Berlusconi will have 30 days to decide how he wants to serve the one-year sentence . Jail is n't an option given that the former premier is aged 76 , so the choice is between house arrest , and more likely , community service . Then there is the question of whether Berlusconi , a member of Italy 's Senate , is eligible for public office , now that he 's been convicted of a crime . According to Italy 's anti-corruption law , which was passed by Mario Monti 's government in late 2012 , Berlusconi will be ineligible to hold public office after he serves this sentence , independent of the outcome of the review by the lower court . The Italian Senate will need to decide when Berlusconi 's ineligibility begins . Does it apply immediately , which would result in him stepping down as a senator ? Or does it apply after the current parliamentary term ? Either way , as things stand , Berlusconi can not run for parliament for six years . Once the public office ban is reviewed and completes its judicial journey , which will take months , it too would need a Senate vote for immediate enforcement , which could ban Berlusconi from holding public office for the duration of the sentence . So what political implications does all this have on Enrico Letta 's government and Italy 's immediate political future ? The Senate vote will be the first critical step and is bound to lead to a ferocious divide in Letta 's delicate "  grand coalition " government , which is comprised of center-left parties and Berlusconi 's center-right PdL party . Even if Berlusconi was ineligible for office , there is technically nothing to stop him leading the center-right in an election campaign without running for office . The latest example of this in Italy is Beppe Grillo , the comedian turned politician , who leads his Five Star Movement despite being banned from public office due to a conviction over a road accident . If the center-right won an election , the political office ban could be changed with a simple majority in parliament -- and with ineligibility out of the way , Berlusconi could at least technically become prime minister for a fourth time once the law is abolished . Simply put , Silvio Berlusconi is down but definitely not out . A video statement he released Thursday confirmed this and read like a call to battle and the beginning of yet another very long election campaign . We 're in uncharted territory , and what happens next politically is nearly impossible to predict . But the possible outcomes include the downfall of the government . What is certain is that in both the center-left and the center-right there will now be immense internal pressure . With some pushing for an early election as a "  referendum on Berlusconi " -- 43 % of voters in one SWG poll released Friday believe Berlusconi is being persecuted by magistrates -- and others trying to maintain calm in order to keep the government alive in the name of national interest , it will be a question of who blinks first . The cult of Silvio Berlusconi : Why Italians keep voting for ` Il Cavaliere '	Italy 's former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi is given a four-year sentence for tax fraud However , he will serve only one year due to an amnesty cutting down on prison overcrowding Berlusconi has 30 days to choose between house arrest or community service He will be ineligible to hold public office after he serves this sentence
CNN  -- In this acrimonious and bitter American summer of 2010 , a summer during which at times it has seemed that everyone is angry at everyone else , I sat outside the other afternoon and read a magazine . The magazine was Life . The cover date on the issue was July 4 , 1955 . The middle of the 1950s was the apex of the era in which Life -- the weekly Life -- was a mainstay in American homes . Arriving like clockwork in mailboxes in big cities and tiny towns , Life , with its 20-cent cover price and its red-and-white rectangular logo , represented America talking to itself . It did n't just mirror the national conversation ; it was , in large measure , the national conversation . Fat and prosperous , seemingly as tall as the Empire State Building when compared to today 's magazines , Life in the summer of '55 offered on its numerous advertising pages remedies for the sweltering days and nights the nation was going through : four separate display ads for different brands of lemonade , ads for window-mounted air conditioners and fans , colorful full-page ads for fancy ice cream  Lady Borden Plantation Peach , Meadow Gold Hawaiian Sherbet  . But that was not the fascinating thing about this particular issue . That is not what , in this rancorous summer of 2010 , has the power , over all the years , to make you stop and reflect . Near the front of the magazine , the lead story summed up the mood of the United States in the week that had just ended . The headline was : "  Nobody Is Mad With Nobody . " The magazine reported : "  Summer , announced by graduation and the Fourth of July , rolled over a nation up to its ears in domestic tranquility . " And : "  Embroiled in no war , impeded by no major strikes , blessed by almost full employment , the U.S. was delighted with itself and almost nobody was mad with nobody . " And : "  This week millions of Americans were purring with contentment -- when they were not roaring with exuberance . " And : "  The satisfaction showed in the grinning faces of Vermonters , hearing an easygoing speech by the President of the U.S. . It was evident in the triumph of a Coloradoan standing amid chest-deep wheat where there had been only dust weeks before . The great nation , made possible by the bold planning of the Founding Fathers , had reached a peak the planners could scarcely have imagined . " How much of this may have been an illusion ? What portion of Life 's snapshot of the United States in that summer 55 years ago may have been a willful fantasy , a purposely comforting dream ? Certainly a case can be made that , even in placid times , the cloudless rendering of unfettered happiness that Life was selling was in part a carefully marketed image of the country . Alan Brinkley , in his excellent recent biography of Life founder Henry Luce , used that very issue of Life among his examples of Luce 's desire to build national consensus : of Luce 's determination to convince Americans that they had a great shared purpose , and that they were doing just fine . History tells us that the United States of 1955 may not have been quite the unblemished , unremittingly joyful land described in that issue . You 're probably already checking off the things about America that needed fixing back then : Racial inequity was widespread , constrictive conformity was all around , intolerance of anything different was itself tolerated ... your list could go on and on . But here is what should give us pause : If monolithic national happiness was , in fact , being sold as a commodity back then , a case can also be made that the commodity being sold to us today is national animosity . Just about every day , we are told how furious we are at each other . If Luce 's Life magazine was endeavoring to promote the notion of consensus , what we are being relentlessly barraged with now is a message of anti-consensus . And that may be just as false an impression , in its own way , as the everyone 's - joyful pitch was in 1955 . It 's a possibility that is at least worth thinking about . The television airwaves these days are bristling with images of rage , yes . But is that rage truly a representation of how most Americans feel about each other ? Combativeness has always been an easy sell ; that early hit television show was known as the "  Friday Night Fights , " not the "  Friday Night Handshakes . " In 2010 the three cable TV networks that specialize in news coverage are the place where America 's disagreements are on perpetual display , where the conversations tend to be the most vigorous , and sometimes the most high-decibel . They often depict a nation ready to duke it out . Yet on a given evening , the combined peak total of people watching the three news networks on cable at a given moment seldom exceeds 5 million . Out of a U.S. population of 310 million . Is there anything to be made of that -- of the fact that more than 90 percent of the country may be tuning out the constant battles , may be symbolically choosing to hit the "  mute " button ? And even putting that aside , is there a chance that in this allegedly angry summer , a significant portion of the country may elect not to wake up all that angry with their fellow citizens ? That there may be an underreported reservoir of good will , and willingness to listen to the other guy , out there ? That the country yearns for lowered voices and reasoned conversation ? For a shared purpose , a steady middle ground ? Just asking the question , for your end-of-summer consideration . "  Nobody Is Mad With Nobody , " Life declared , 55 summers ago . It may have merely been a pipe dream . But in the words of a great Southern California philosopher : Would n't it be nice . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	In summer of 1955 , Life magazine featured a story titled : "  Nobody is mad with nobody " It depicted a nation at rest , calm and secure in its contentment Bob Greene asks if that image of American tranquility was real He also asks if today 's image of America as an angry nation is real
Dorian Johnson , who was walking with Michael Brown before Officer Darren Wilson fatally shot Brown in August , told remarkably similar stories in an interview with county and federal authorities in August and in testimony to the grand jury in September . The first interview , conducted by an FBI agent and a St. Louis County crimes-against-persons detective , was part of a Friday document dump by the prosecutor who presented the case to the grand jury . Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch initially released grand jury documents in late November , but did n't include Johnson 's August interview . That was a mistake , he said in a letter accompanying Friday 's documents . "  It was brought to my attention that I omitted the FBI interview of Dorian Johnson . Upon review of the files , I discovered that I had inadvertently omitted a number of witness interviews and a few other documents which had been presented to the grand jury , " he wrote . "  It should be noted that the sworn testimony of these witnesses , including Johnson , was released on November 24 , 2014 . " One challenge for Ferguson grand jury : Some witnesses ' credibility The prosecutor apologized for any confusion and said he now believes he has released all evidence presented to the grand jury that declined to indict Wilson last month . If he finds anything else he unintentionally omitted , he will release it promptly after it 's discovered , he said . That does n't include autopsy photographs , photographs of Brown at the scene and any material that might identify any of the witnesses . According to an examination of the transcripts of Johnson 's two accounts -- delivered 28 days apart -- Brown 's friend had roughly the same recollection of what he saw on the afternoon of August 9 . He was consistent on many of the broader points : • The two went to the store to buy cigarillos so they could smoke marijuana . At the store , Brown nonchalantly stole several cigarillos and left the store . • Johnson was worried about the police after the theft , but Brown did n't seem fazed , even when Wilson pulled up to them several blocks from the store and told them to "  get the f *** on the sidewalk . " Wilson pulled off but quickly reversed and tried to exit his car , but the car door bounced off of Brown and Johnson . • Wilson grabbed Brown by the neck , and the two engaged in a sort of tug of war before Wilson twice threatened to shoot and fired , hitting Brown , before finishing the second threat . Brown and Johnson took off running and Wilson did n't immediately pursue them . • Johnson hid by a vehicle as Wilson exited his vehicle , pursued Brown and fired once , prompting Brown to turn around with his hands up in surrender . Wilson then fired a volley of shots . Brown hit the ground . The discrepancies in Johnson 's stories were minor and perhaps a product of the questions he was asked . For instance , in one account , he said he and Brown had spoken to construction workers about getting high on marijuana . In another account , he said a construction worker told him and Brown that he smoked only "  wax , " a form of hashish . Another example is Johnson 's assertion to the grand jury that before he and Brown went to the store for cigarillos , he originally intended to purchase them from someone living in the apartment complex . There is no mention of this in the account Johnson provided the FBI and county detective . His recollection of what Brown said to Wilson about being unarmed differs slightly as well . Johnson at first said Brown told Wilson he was n't armed as they tussled at the car and again before the fatal volley of shots . In his account to the grand jury , he said Brown said it only after being shot . Johnson may have changed one aspect of his story after his interviewers pointed out he was relaying an assumption rather than an actual eyewitness account . While speaking to the FBI and county , Johnson said Wilson definitely shot Brown in the back as he fled . "  As he 's runnin ' passed the third car , the officer behind him pointed his weapon with his weapon drawn and he fired a second that did strike my friend Big Mike in his back 'cause that 's when he stopped runnin ' , " he said . Later in the interview , he reiterated this claim , saying , "  That 's why I know he was hit because he stopped runnin ' . " And on a third occasion , he told the interviewers , "  It definitely struck him in his back . I do n't know verbatim where at . " When the interviewers press Johnson -- did he actually see Wilson shoot Brown in the back , or was he just speculating based on what he saw ? -- Johnson conceded , "  OK , so for the purposes , no . I did not see a hole in his shirt rip while I 'm in shock . " About a month later , before the grand jury , Johnson made it clear he saw Wilson fire at Brown as he fled , but he was n't sure if the bullet hit his friend . "  The second time he shot , I did n't know if it hit him or not , but he kind of jerked and that 's when he stopped running . He just kind of stopped and turned around at the officer , " Johnson said . Portions of Johnson 's account are not supported by other witness statements , and there are myriad inconsistencies in the witness testimony . Wilson 's statement also does n't jibe with Johnson 's . Among the discrepancies : Wilson and some witnesses said Brown attacked the officer , prompting Wilson to fire twice from his police vehicle ; Wilson and some witnesses said Brown fled at first but then charged him ; and witnesses varied on whether Brown had his hands up when the fatal shots were fired .	In interviews 28 days apart , Johnson told similar stories about Michael Brown 's death Johnson 's interview with FBI , county detective released Friday in latest document dump in case Many inconsistencies minor , possibly the result of different questions Many witness accounts do n't jibe , including those of Johnson and Officer Darren Wilson
Philadelphia  CNN  -- She 's a top corporate executive , she leaves work every day at 5:30 p.m. so she can have dinner with her kids , and now Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg is here to help working moms figure out how to follow her successful model . Not surprisingly , Sandberg 's effort to lead a new feminist movement among working professional mothers -- outlined in her new book "  Lean In : Women , Work , and the Will to Lead , " and her accompanying online campaign -- has triggered a debate : Is a high-powered executive who earns more than $ 30 million a year the best person to advise other working moms on how to advance their careers ? TIME.com : Excerpt from Sandberg 's book Maria Kefalas -- a university professor , author and married mother of three -- can trace a lot of similarities between her career and Sandberg 's , without the multimillion dollar salary , of course . Like Sandberg , Kefalas achieved amazing career successes while balancing a busy family life by the time she reached her early 40s . "  My career had been so important to me , so central to my life , " said Kefalas , a self-described "  recovering supermom . " "  I wrote three books , was a full professor at 42 and was successful in my field . " Gallery : Brilliant women , then and now Last summer , everything changed . Her husband had just spent a rough year undergoing chemotherapy for cancer when her youngest daughter was diagnosed with a serious illness . Kefalas , like many other working parents , had a choice to make : go for a big promotion or spend more time with her ailing daughter . It was a no-brainer , she said . "  In a second , it all evaporated and it was gone , " she said , of advancing her career . "  And I did n't give a rat 's ass . " Overscheduled kids , anxious parents Today , Kefalas is a sociology professor at Saint Joseph 's University in Philadelphia and director of the university 's Richard Johnson Center for Anti-Violence . Her schedule allows her to spend her precious time with her family , something she might have given up if she had pursued that promotion . She said she believes the "  dramatic and tragic " story of why she "  had to stop moving up the academic ladder " speaks to the real world obstacles that working mothers face all the time . That 's something that Kefalas said Sandberg 's good fortune and financial resources have allowed her to escape . Work and family : How do you and your partner make it work ? "  All mothers have to make choices and we 're judged differently , " she said . "  The choices for working mothers are more costly than it is for men . "  And until that changes , you 'll having women opting out . " ` Lean in ' or ` wise up ' ? Sandberg 's mission is to help create more female business leaders like herself . She believes women can do that by taking charge of their careers , to "  lean in " rather than "  pull back " when facing obstacles , she wrote in her book , which will be released on Monday . "  Women rarely make one big decision to leave the workforce . Instead , they make a lot of small decisions along the way , " Sandberg wrote , according to a book excerpt on Time.com . "  A law associate might decide not to shoot for partner because someday she hopes to have a family . A sales rep might take a smaller territory or not apply for a management role . A teacher might pass on leading curriculum development for her school . "  Often without even realizing it , women stop reaching for new opportunities . " That , she said , has resulted in what she calls a stalled revolution for all women . "  A truly equal world would be one where women ran half of our countries and companies and men ran half of our homes , " she wrote . She 's not just interested in selling books , either . Sandberg 's Lean In campaign promises to support women through community , education and small groups by offering "  ongoing inspiration and support to help them achieve their goals . " "  Women are held back by many things , including bias and lack of opportunity , " Sandberg said in her "  Welcome to Lean In " video , adding "  We also hold ourselves back . " In her book , Sandberg outlined three things women can do to further their careers : do n't slow down their career before deciding to start a family , let go of unattainable goals , and make sure their colleagues are aware when women are held to different standards than men , particularly when women succeed . The book had n't even hit the shelves before everyone from every corner started weighing in  check out Time 's full coverage here  . Sandberg 's push to get women into the corner office and at the conference table fails to take into account that not everyone is "  superhuman and rich , " as Anne-Marie Slaughter , a Princeton professor and former senior adviser to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , wrote in Fortune Magazine Kefalas said it a little more succinctly : Sandberg lives in a fantasy world . "  We do n't live in a vacuum , " she said , "  Maybe Sheryl does , but not the rest of us . " She works hard for the money Put aside Sandberg 's dream of more women reaching the top rungs of the corporate ladder for a moment . Statistics indicate that women still have a lot of barriers to just earning pay equal to that of their male counterparts . Today , more than seven out of 10 mothers taking care of children are in the labor force , and nearly half of all married couples are dual breadwinners , according to Pew Research Center data from 2010 . Time.com : Pay gap not as bad as you think Still , the public remains conflicted about the impact working mothers have on their young children , with only 21 % of Americans saying it 's a good thing . "  The cultural story of good mothering has not been reconciled yet to reflect working women , " Kefalas said . "  There are social rules and the standards are very demanding . " There is a structural reality that women live in , and there 's a story women tell themselves about their lives -- a story that is impossible to live up to , Kefalas said . "  There is no way to have it all . " Sandberg agrees . The book excerpt says women should "  stop trying to have it all . " It also acknowledges the "  sacrifices and hardships " that are tougher today "  because of the expansion of working hours . " But according to the Facebook executive , that does n't mean working moms should give up on their careers . "  If more women lean in , we can change the power structure of our world and expand opportunities , " she wrote . "  Shared experience forms the basis of empathy and , in turn , can spark the institutional changes we need . More female leadership will lead to fairer treatment for all women . " Sounds easy enough , right ? Not so fast , Kefalas said . "  At the end of the day , we make choices about the kind of people we want to be , and it 's so much more than self-sabotaging . " Get the latest news from CNN.com Opinion : Bravo to Sandberg for leaving work at 5:30 Pete Cashmore : Why it 's OK to leave a tech job at 5 p.m. Opinion : What Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer misses on work-life balance	Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg has written a new book , "  Lean In " She hopes to inspire women to realize more success in the corporate world Maria Kefalas is a self-described "  recovering supermom " She is n't sure Sandberg has the right recipe for success for working moms
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Jean Baptiste Vanise suffers the anguish no mother should have to bear . She received a text message from her 12-year-old son Tuesday afternoon asking , "  Where are you ? " Since then , nothing . Her only child , Marc Valends Louis Charles , played the violin at Holy Trinity School and Craft Center in Haiti . That 's where she believes he was when Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude earthquake flattened large parts of Port-au-Prince and turned this mother 's life upside down . She returned to the school Thursday , just as she did Wednesday and Tuesday . A sign at the gate says "  Visitors Welcome . " The music classroom where she believes her son remains entombed sits in a corner of the teal building with its open courtyard . She has heard from someone at the school that Marc Valends was not there when the temblor hit ; that he was with another child or that one of the teachers dropped him off somewhere . As much as she might want to , she does not believe that 's the case . So she returns to the school . A Holy Trinity official will not let her near the classroom because an overhanging roof could fall . Aftershocks continue to be felt , with strong jolts waking people in the early morning hours Thursday . Still , several young men are digging through the rubble . Armand St. Louis , 30 , says his 8-year-old cousin and a 19-year-old girl are still trapped . He has talked with them , St. Louis said . He is digging his way down from the computer room , which collapsed onto the music room . "  It 's dark , and she 's scared , " St. Louis says . But he is determined to get to young Clautide Nelom . "  I 'm about to go back in there , " he said . "  I 'm doing my best . There are other people in there . We 're getting no help to get them out . "  Nobody 's coming . " Vanise , the anguished mother , asks for quiet so she can call out to her son although she 's a good 30 yards away . "  Louis Charles , " she shouts a couple of times . "  Marc Valends , " she then shouts a few times . Nothing . Silence . She breaks into sobs . The bereaved mother does not know what to do , where to go next . She has looked for him everywhere , she says . "  This is the only place he could be , " Vanise says , walking away .	Jean Baptiste Vanise got text from son before quake asking , "  Where are you ? " She 's been returning to the music school where she believes he was when quake hit "  This is the only place he could be , " Vanise says , after calling out his name
CNN  -- "  The Deadheads had it wrong , " says director Mike Fleiss . And to rub it in , he says it while standing next to Bob Weir , the Grateful Dead 's co-founder , at the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of "  The Other One : The Long Strange Trip of Bob Weir . " Fleiss ' new documentary about Weir 's life follows the legendary guitarist from his troubled youth to today . And while Weir says the movie means he 's now "  off the hook " in terms of ever writing a memoir , he 's still not very comfortable talking about himself and the way he 's seen by fans . Weir says in the film he does n't "  trust pride " and tells people he 's more interested in looking forward than back , although he admits at his age "  there 's always something to remind you of your past . " For Weir , when it comes to looking back at all of the concerts and experiences he had , what he misses most now are the moments the band spent together offstage . "  I kind of miss the laughs , the yucks , because we kept each other amused , " Weir says . "  That 's the only way we were able to stick together for all those years . People would come backstage , and they 'd listen to some of the repartee , the interplay going back , and they 'd just leave the room going  fanning himself  these guys are nuts ! But we had a lot of fun . " That fun contributed to the improvisational style that made the band so popular . Weir says he was influenced by jazz pianists when it came to creating his signature style on the guitar . And while the band learned how to extend the rhythm of a song playing live for audiences high on LSD , their approach to writing songs was extemporaneous . "  The same song on a different day was a different song . As we were writing or arranging a tune that came to us , from whomever , we did n't have a formulaic way of approaching things , " Weir says . "  It was pretty much will-o ' - the-wisp , if you will . " Although fans are hoping for a Grateful Dead reunion , the film might be the best way for Deadheads to get some new material from the band . All Weir says about the possibility of getting back together is , "  We 've got our best people on it . " Reunion show or not , Fleiss promises fans will learn something new in his film . A self-described Deadhead , Fleiss says he learned a lot during the making of this film because "  most of the things the Deadheads thought about the band -- how they related to the fans and the music and the fans and the jams -- it was all wrong . " And with that in mind , here are five things you may not have known about Bob Weir and the Grateful Dead . When Weir was a teenager he ran away with author and LSD advocate Ken Kesey and the Merry Pranksters after a Beatles concert . Kesey wrote "  One Flew Over the Cuckoo 's Nest " and the "  Pranksters " were immortalized by Tom Wolfe in "  The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test . " Some of the Dead 's first gigs were at the acid test parties Kesey would throw , where everyone was given an LSD-laced drink of Kool-Aid  the drug was legal at the time  . Weir remembers shows where he would see the guitars move like "  snakes " and the musical notes were visible . He admits sometimes the band would have to "  flee " when it all got to be too much . But when it came to the Deadheads who would later follow the iconic band around from show to show , Weir says he was n't entirely comfortable with that . He considers the lifestyle in the film , saying if following the band rang "  lofty bells for them , what 's wrong with that ? But if it takes your life down , that 's another story . " He expressed particularly limited sympathy for drug dealers , but if someone had the talent to make a living following the group , he tipped his hat to them . Bob Weir and Jerry Garcia used to take scuba diving vacations together . There 's a scene in the film where the pair are diving on a reef and Garcia tickles an eel on the chin under water . Weir says the pair had "  a lot of fun underwater , " and that Garcia especially loved diving because underwater he was weightless . Drugs and partying were always associated with the Grateful Dead . Weir says there were times when the band members were worried about Jerry Garcia 's drug use and considered holding an intervention for their frontman . Ultimately they decided to do what they could for him without that confrontation . Weir talks in the film about how he had to be Jerry Garcia 's "  bag man " for a time , holding Garcia 's drugs . According to Weir , Garcia was doing heroin , marijuana and cocaine , and he would trust Weir to hold it because not only was the  relatively  health conscious Weir not going to use it , he would also limit how much Garcia could have at once . Weir was also more than willing to have a good time on his own . In 1994 on the night the Dead were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Weir says he spent the night "  partying fairly heavily , " and "  when the fog lifted " he was under a table with the legendary Chuck Berry . "  We saw the wrong end of sunrise , " Weir says of the morning after the ceremony . Their biggest hit "  Touch of Grey " brought them a level of stardom they did n't really want . Weir says the band always hoped to have success and sidestep fame . But after the release of that song , the entire group , and Jerry Garcia in particular , found themselves at the center of some outrageous behavior by their fans . In the film one story told is about how a fan purposefully tried to have a van driving Jerry Garcia injure him so he would have some connection to the star . After "  Touch of Grey , " according to Weir , they were unable to go out in public like they used to and often were forced to stay in their hotel rooms on the road . He was the ladies man of the group , and always had the most women of the band . In the documentary , the Grateful Dead is referred to in the early years as "  beautiful Bobby and the ugly brothers . " Drummer Mickey Hart says they all used to "  take Bob 's runoff . " Now a happily married father of two daughters , Weir says he spent 30 years "  shopping around " before settling down . He met his wife Natascha after a show when she was 15 years old and she sneaked backstage . They say the relationship was platonic until years later , after Jerry Garcia 's death and as Weir was "  edging towards 50 . " He says he looked around to see if he could be an aging "  rock and roll tomcat " gracefully and "  it did n't look promising . "	A documentary about Grateful Dead guitarist Bob Weir premiered this week The director says even super fans will learn things about the band in the film A Grateful Dead reunion may be in the works
CNN  -- Attackers gunned down an elderly Christian couple late Sunday inside their Baghdad home , the latest in a string of religious-rooted violence that has spurred international outcry and a full-court press for justice from Iraqi authorities . Gunmen broke into the couple 's residence in Baladiyat , a predominantly Shiite area in eastern Baghdad , during the night and shot them dead , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . Hours earlier , Maj. Gen. Qassim Atta said in a press conference broadcast on state-run Iraqiya TV that 15 "  Arabs " -- in Iraq , a euphemism indicating they came from outside the country -- were responsible for three deadly attacks in Baghdad in recent months , including a bloody church siege . The spokesman for the Iraqi military command in Baghdad showed pictures of each of the men , whom he called "  terrorists " and said they had entered Iraq from unidentified countries between June and August . Ten of them had died while carrying out suicide attacks or had been killed by Iraqi security forces , Atta said . The other five remain at large , with Atta urging the public to help in tracking them down . "  According to our intelligence information , four of the five terrorists are still in Iraq and one of them has fled to Syria , " he said . While Atta did not immediately link Sunday 's killings to the remaining suspects from the group of 15 , he did tie the group to a deadly attack on a Christian church as well as two other incidents . The first of the three attacks happened August 17 , when suicide bombers killed at least 48 people at a military recruitment center in the Bab al-Moudham commercial area of central Baghdad . On September 5 , at least eight people died in a suicide bombing at a military base in that same area . And the deadliest attack that Atta referred to occurred October 31 , when militants stormed the Sayidat al-Nejat Cathedral , or Our Lady of Salvation Church , in Baghdad . Some 70 people died and 75 others , including 51 congregants and two priests , were wounded . About a month later , Iraqi authorities announced they had arrested 12 people who had a role in either plotting or executing the operation . They included Huthaifa al-Batawi , described by Iraqi officials as the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the "  mastermind , direct supervisor and planner " of the attack . That siege was among the first of many attacks in recent weeks targeting Christians , which have left scores dead and many more wounded throughout the Middle Eastern nation . While there have been a few larger scale operations , most were more like what happened Sunday evening , with gunfire or bombs targeting a few Christians at a time . While the issue has become more public in recent months , the threat has been real for years . Christians are among the religious minorities in a country dominated by Sunnis and Shiites , and tens of thousands have fled Iraq in recent years . The violence had led the United States , the United Nations Security Council and an American Catholic archbishop to express concerns for Christians and other religious groups in Iraq . Pope Benedict XVI said after the siege that he was praying "  for the victims of this absurd violence , all the more ferocious in that it hit defenseless people gathered in the house of the Lord , which is home to reconciliation and love . " Cardinal Emmanuel Delly III -- the patriarch of Iraq 's largest Christian community , the Chaldean Catholic Church -- urged Iraqi Christians in a televised address last month to "  stand firm " within their country during these "  difficult times . " On Sunday , Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said that he pressed the need to protect Christians in conversations with Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki , calling it an issue "  of paramount interest for my country and for me personally . " Frattini -- who also met this week with survivors of the church siege , as well as Cardinal Delly -- also said it was important that Christians felt secure in Iraq , and that they remained there . "  We should n't tolerate Christians leaving Iraq , " the Italian minister said . "  If Christians leave , the terrorists and al Qaeda would have won . " Al-Maliki gave "  assurances " that those behind the violence would be "  severely punished , " according to the Italian cabinet minister , and that Christian leaders in Iraq would be kept up-to-date on key developments . Frattini also said the Iraqi prime minister told him that a Christian would head a new parliamentary committee looking into how best to safeguard security for members of this religious group . Iraqis are also mulling forming police units specifically charged with protecting Christians , according to the Italian foreign minister .	Attackers shot dead an elderly Christian couple Sunday in their home , an Iraqi official says The attack was the latest in recent months targeting Christians in Iraq The official says 5 of 15 responsible for 3 major attacks remain at large Iraq 's prime minister assures an Italian minister the attackers will be "  severely punished "
Virginia Beach , Virginia  CNN  -- A U.S. Navy admiral said Saturday that the fiery crash of a fighter jet into apartment buildings in the military community of Virginia Beach matches his definition of a miracle . No one was killed and everyone was accounted for one day after the accident . "  I do n't speak for anybody 's religious beliefs , but the mayor and I both agreed that if you want to define a miracle , what happened here yesterday meets that definition for me , " Adm. John Harvey , the four-star head of the U.S. Fleet Forces Command , told reporters . He said the Navy is investigating the crash , but noted it will take weeks to determine exactly what happened . "  We will not rush to judgment . We will get everything down . We will examine it carefully , " he said . "  We 'll fix whatever went wrong . " A special victims fund is available to assist those whose homes or possessions were damaged or destroyed . More than two dozen people spent the night at a temporary shelter . At least seven people , including two pilots who ejected safely , were injured in the crash . All were released from the hospital as of Saturday , said Harvey , and are in "  good shape . " Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell thanked those who acted in an hour of need . "  This amazing news follows the countless acts of bravery and selflessness that we witnessed yesterday , " he said in a statement . He said the crash response highlighted the character of the Navy , safety officials and the people of Virginia . "  We saw neighbors rushing to the assistance of neighbors , the Navy pilots waiting until the very last second to eject , citizens pulling the pilots to safety and treating them , and a successful and efficient coordinated response from first responders , the city and others , " McDonnell said . "  It was the very best of Virginia on display . " Among those who sprung into action was an off-duty Coast Guard member . Petty Officer 2nd Class Nick Beane was at a friend 's house having lunch when the jet went down , according to a statement from the Coast Guard . "  My training kicked in , " Beane said . "  I saw the fire and explosion , and I knew I had to help . " He ran to nearby buildings and knocked on doors to make sure everyone was outside . He then saw one of the pilots , lying on the ground near flames . With the help of a civilian , they cut the pilot loose from his parachute and carried him to safety , the Coast Guard said . "  He kept asking if everybody else was okay , " Beane said . "  He asked about the people on the ground and the other pilot . His own safety was the last thing on his mind . " The fighter jet experienced a "  catastrophic mechanical malfunction " during takeoff Friday , raining jet fuel over Virginia Beach before plunging to the ground , damaging five apartment buildings , according to residents and Navy officials . The jet carried a student pilot in the front seat and an experienced instructor behind him , and the leakage of jet fuel was "  one of the indications that there was a mechanical malfunction , " Navy Capt. Mark Weisgerber told reporters . The two-seat F/A -18 jet landed eerily upright in flames in a courtyard surrounded by the five apartment buildings that were suddenly set afire . iReport : Watch and hear jet fuel burning Once the buildings were doused with water and the courtyard was coated with a foam , rescue crews began a detailed search through the charred hulks to look for any residents injured or killed , a fire official said . Are you there ? Send images The two pilots , a Virginia Beach police officer , an EMS volunteer and three other people were treated for injuries at Sentara Virginia Beach General Hospital . The jet , which was not carrying live ordnance , was part of a training squadron at Naval Air Station Oceana , the Navy and Federal Aviation Administration said . It crashed 2.2 miles from the runway , a senior Defense Department official told CNN . Eyewitnesses and residents described their community -- so accustomed to military planes taking off near their homes -- suddenly taking a surreal turn for the worse when the jet fell out of the sky and spewed its fuel , a possible maneuver to minimize the inevitable fire upon crashing . One ejection seat shell ripped through an oak tree and crashed into a condo fence , and the other seat shell landed next door , suggesting that the two Navy pilots ejected at a low altitude , said resident Keith Gutkowski . Colby Smith told CNN affiliate WVEX that he was in his bathroom when he felt his "  whole house shaking . " Then he looked out his bedroom window and "  saw nothing but red , just red and orange flashing . And just a crackling noise . I was like , ` What is that ? ' " he said . Smith said he ran outside , saw a friend and eventually spotted a pilot who was "  laying there " and bleeding . He said he and several others then picked up the pilot and carried him to safety . CNN 's Michael Martinez , Barbara Starr , Greg Botelho , Mike Ahlers and Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	NEW : An off-duty Coast Guard member assisted in the wake of the crash All are accounted for after the fighter jet smashes into apartments At least seven people , including two pilots , were injured All have been released from the hospital and the crash is under investigation
CNN  -- A new named tropical storm , Philippe , formed Saturday in the far eastern Atlantic Ocean , the National Hurricane Center reported . Philippe is expected to strengthen over the next 48 hours , according to the forecast . Still , it remains far away from land -- the closest being the Cape Verde Islands off Africa , some 345 miles  550 kilometers  away , with the closest Caribbean islands about 3,000 miles away . As of 5 p.m. Saturday , the storm had maximum sustained winds of 40 mph . It was moving west-northwest at around 14 mph , with the hurricane center predicting a gradual turn more northwest -- a slight slowdown -- on Monday . Tropical storm-force winds , measuring 40 mph or stronger , are blowing about 45 miles from its center . Tropical Storm Ophelia , meanwhile , is slightly more powerful and significantly closer to the Caribbean and the coastal United States . It had sustained winds of 45 mph , with tropical storm-level winds measured up to 260 miles from its middle . It weakened slightly over the course of Saturday , according the hurricane center 's 5 p.m. advisory . Ophelia 's movement is described as "  erratic , " as it heads in a general west-northwest direction at around 12 mph and is then expected to turn more northwest on Monday . Its eye is now located about 295 miles from the Leeward Islands . As of Saturday evening , there were no coastal watches or warnings in effect for either Ophelia or Philippe .	Philippe is in the far eastern Atlantic and has sustained 40 mph winds It is expected to strengthen as it moves west-northwest , the hurricane center reports Another tropical storm , Ophelia , is closer to the Caribbean and has stronger winds
CNN  -- Hurricane Carlotta bore down on Mexico 's southwestern coast Friday evening , prompting residents and tourists alike to brace in the face of potent winds and heavy rains . A tropical storm early Friday , Carlotta gained strength over the course of the day and was described as "  a rapidly intensifying Category 2 hurricane " in the National Hurricane Center 's 2 p.m.  5 p.m. ET  advisory . The latest update , issued three hours later , reported that Carlotta had maintained its potency -- with maximum sustained winds of 105 mph . By that point , the storm 's eye was situated about 10 miles  20 kilometers  south-southwest of Puerto Angel , Mexico , and 225 miles  365 kilometers  east-southeast of Acapulco . "  Hurricane-force winds are probably already occurring within the hurricane warning area , and these conditions will likely continue and spread westward  Friday night  , " the center said in its 5 p.m.  8 p.m. ET  advisory . The hurricane warning is in effect for parts of the Pacific coast of Mexico , from the seaport city of Salina Cruz to the resort town of Acapulco . A warning means hurricane conditions are expected as soon as Friday night , according to the center . A hurricane watch -- which means hurricane conditions are possible -- has been issued for coastal areas east of Salina Cruz to Barra de Tonala and west of Acapulco to Tecpan de Galeana . Carlotta 's top winds had measured 40 mph on Thursday and were only 70 mph early Friday , before it quickly picked up power . But now that part of the storm is already over land , Carlotta is not expected to get any stronger and should weaken over Saturday , the hurricane center predicted . The storm was moving toward the northwest at 12 mph and should continue at that speed through the night , the hurricane center said . The forecast calls for Carlotta to slow somewhat and turn more toward the west-northwest on Saturday . Hurricane-force winds , which are 74 mph or stronger , on Friday evening extended out about 30 miles from the center of Carlotta . In addition to fierce winds , "  a dangerous storm surge is expected to produce significant coastal flooding " north and east of the storm 's center . Near the coast , the surge will likely cause destructive waves , according to the hurricane center . Rainfall could cause "  life-threatening " flash floods and mudslides , the center said , with some spots along the Oaxaca coast likely to get 12 to 15 inches of rain . Are you there ? Share your images  if it is safe to do so  with CNN iReport .	NEW : Carlotta 's eye is 10 miles south-southwest of Puerto Angel , Mexico NEW : "  Hurricane-force winds are probably already occurring , " the hurricane center says The storm gained strength all day and has sustained 105 mph winds A hurricane warning is in effect for parts of Mexico 's west coast , including Acapulco
CNN  -- The Kellogg Co. announced Wednesday it is recommending that consumers not eat its peanut butter crackers because they may be tainted with salmonella . Salmonella bacteria are transmitted to humans by eating contaminated foods . The products affected are Austin - and Keebler-branded : -- Toasted peanut butter sandwich crackers . -- Peanut butter and jelly sandwich crackers . -- Cheese and peanut butter sandwich crackers . -- Peanut butter-chocolate sandwich crackers . The Michigan-based maker of cereals and snacks posted the recommendation in a statement on its Web site . Peanut butter produced by Peanut Corporation of America , one of several peanut butter suppliers to the company , has been linked to an outbreak of salmonella poisoning that has affected at least 434 people in 43 states , federal health officials said Wednesday . "  Kellogg Company 's investigation has not indicated any concerns , nor has the company received any consumer illness complaints about these products , " the Kellogg statement said . "  Nonetheless , Kellogg Company is taking precautionary measures including putting a hold on any inventory in its control , removing product from retail store shelves , and encouraging customers and consumers to hold and not eat these products until regulatory officials complete their investigation of PCA and Kellogg provides further information as to the resolution of this issue . " All of the company 's peanut-butter crackers are made at its bakery in Cary , North Carolina , said spokeswoman Kris Charles . Though consumers are urged "  to hold the product until we have more information , " Charles recommended anyone seeking a refund call 888.314.2060 for details about how to get one .	Some types of Austin - and Keebler-branded sandwich crackers affected One of its peanut butter suppliers has been linked to outbreak of salmonella Kellogg says warning is strictly precautionary ; no incidents of illness reported Outbreak of salmonella poisoning has affected at least 434 people in 43 states
CNN  -- Under the cover of darkness , gunmen approached a college dormitory in a rural Nigerian town and opened fire on students who were sleeping . At least 40 students died , according to the News Agency of Nigeria . The gunmen fired indiscriminately on the male dorm , said Lazarus Eli , a military spokesman . The attack took place at about 1 a.m. Sunday at the College of Agriculture Gujba . "  So far all evidence points to the Boko Haram , " Eli told CNN by phone . There was no immediate claim of responsibility . Part of a pattern ? Since 2009 , Boko Haram has sown murder and mayhem in Nigeria 's northeastern region . The Islamic militant group 's name translates from the local Hausa language as "  Western education is a sin . " Boko Haram militants often target schools and churches . In 2011 and 2012 , Christmas attacks were blamed on them . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan created a new wing of the military to specifically deal with the insurgency . In May , Jonathan declared a state of emergency in three northeastern states . He cited "  terrorists " who have caused a "  a near breakdown of law and order . " One of the three states is Yobe , where Sunday 's attack took place . It was the third attack on a school in four months in Yobe . The ongoing violence in this predominantly Muslim region has claimed thousands of lives . Meanwhile , human rights groups have accused the military of committing atrocities against civilians . During a May trip to the country , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Nigeria "  has acknowledged that there have been some problems " and was "  working to try to control it . " CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 40 students were killed by gunmen who attacked them as they slept The attack is the third on schools in the region since June No claim of responsibility yet , but a military spokesman says evidence points to Boko Haram Since 2009 Boko Haram has targeted schools , churches and police stations
CNN  Yeah , yeah , we know that hot cocoa 's great  hello , brandy hot chocolate is a thing  , but winter is the only season when you can jump around in snow like a little kid and not look like a drunken fool . Turn off the "  Law & Order " reruns , put on your marshmallowy-est puffy jacket , and go outside ! Here are our six recommendations for snowy competitions to watch or compete in , if you 're brave enough to try . Autonomous Snowplow Competition , Minnesota  January 22-25 Shaping and carving snow is one thing , but actually dealing with the thick blankets covering the ground is an art in and of itself . At the fifth annual ION Autonomous Snowplow Competition in St. Paul , Minnesota , the event coordinators have cleverly made a competition that is actually exciting and entertaining out of just cleaning up snow . Competitors -- often college students -- design , develop and build their own snowplows . And if that is n't impressive enough , the machines must be controlled electronically during the competition . Each snowplow navigates a course and clears a designated path in the snow . Visitors can watch in awe  and maybe with just a teensy bit of jealousy  as the teams are judged on their creations ' designs , presentations and performances . Cannington Dog Sled Races , Canada  January 24-25 The Cannington Dog Sled Races are the perfect event for any snow lover or dog lover . If you prefer to keep the beasts at a safe distance , you can appreciate their power and agility while watching them speed through the snow . If giving plenty of cuddles and kisses is more your speed , head over to the petting zoo for a more personal experience . The Ontario race is open to everyone : professional racers , kids and teams with mixed breed dogs . If this show of speed and control still does n't impress you , watch the skijoring races , where people must not only balance on skis but be simultaneously pulled across the snow by dogs . It 's very impressive to those of us who ca n't even manage to get the knack of "  normal " skiing . U.S. National Snow Sculpting Competition , Wisconsin  January 26-31 If you see a blank sheet of snow as merely fodder for a massive snowball fight , the 2015 U.S. National Snow Sculpting Competition in Lake Geneva , Wisconsin , will blow your mind . At this prestigious event , artists showcase their ability to tame blocks of snow into stunning masterpieces . They work with ladders and scaffolds to gently carve and smooth their blocks until the image within shines through . The single-block sculptures are larger than life , often standing even taller than the artist , but they must fit within a 12-foot circle . These sculptors are the best of the best . The winners of each state competition come to Lake Geneva to vie for the winning title . The winner also receives an invitation to compete in the Association International de Sculpture sur Neige et Glace-sanctioned Snow Sculpting Competition . Alpine World Ski Championships , Colorado  February 2-15 If you 're one of those Winter Olympics fans who has to catch each mogul and every exhilarating run down the slopes , just imagine how incredible it would be to watch it all in person . At the 2015 FIS Alpine World Ski Championships , you will be able to admire every snowflake and gasp along with the crowd -- and every devastating wipeout -- as the world 's most talented skiers navigate the slopes . Even if skiing is n't really your thing , the town of Vail will be the perfect winter wonderland during early February . Musical phenoms Michael Franti & Spearhead , Phillip Phillips and American Authors will all be performing during the championships . Spend your free moments sampling Sierra Nevada beers at the Winter Beer Camp or checking out the International Experience Celebration , where each new day brings a whole new spread of international food and drinks . U.S. National Toboggan Championships , Maine  February 6-8 At the U.S. National Toboggan Championships , the competitive tobogganing is a far cry from what most of us did sliding down our driveways on old cardboard boxes . Here , the competition is fierce , and many of the sleek toboggans are handcrafted to ensure the fastest runs possible . Although watching other people whiz down steep hills on small wooden planks is certainly entertainment enough , the town of Camden is offering a bevy of other kinds of entertainment during the weekend of the championship . Test your culinary prowess at the Chili Challenge , show your creative talents during the Costume Contest parade , and snuggle around the bonfire . For older guests , the 2nd Eva Down the Chute Beer & Wine Tasting is the perfect way to mix the magic of snow and the magic of alcohol . Taste a cornucopia of beers and wines , and vote for your favorite brewer as the alcohol keeps you from feeling the snow 's frosty bite . World Wheelchair Curling Championship , Finland  February 6-13 Perhaps you 've watched curling teams compete in the Winter Olympics and thought to yourself , "  Really ? That 's a sport ? " But just add a wheelchair into the equation , and the whole thing gets infinitely more impressive and more captivating . At the World Wheelchair Curling Championship in Finland , that 's just what you 'll see . Only one new rule sets the wheelchair athletes apart from the traditional curling competitors : no sweeping . Besides that , every skill and strategy is the same .	Winter weather should n't keep you from competing out of doors One Canadian dog sled race is available to novices and experienced competitors alike This tobogganing is more than sliding down your driveway on a cardboard box
CNN  -- Leslie Nielsen , whose longtime career as a dramatic actor took a sudden turn into comedy with spoofs like "  Airplane ! " and "  The Naked Gun , " has died at age 84 , his family said Sunday . The Canadian-born Nielsen 's career reached back into the early days of television , when he made frequent appearances on live drama series like "  Goodyear Playhouse . " He played the earnest starship captain in the 1956 science fiction classic "  Forbidden Planet " and made regular appearances on a wide range of TV dramas into the 1970s . Much of that changed in 1980 , when he was cast as a doctor aboard an endangered jetliner in the gag-a-minute disaster-movie parody "  Airplane ! " Nielsen 's deadpan delivery of lines like "  I am serious -- and do n't call me Shirley " helped launch a second career . The film 's producers went on to cast him in their short-lived television series "  Police Squad ! " and had him reprise that show 's bumbling lead character , Lt. Frank Drebin , a decade later in three "  Naked Gun " movies . Nielsen appeared in several similar but less-acclaimed spoofs following those films . Nielsen died of complications of pneumonia in a hospital near his home in Fort Lauderdale , Florida , surrounded by family and friends , a family statement said .	Nielsen died of complications from pneumonia , his family says The earnest dramatic actor became a comedy star after "  Airplane ! "
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- If Diana Nyad never realizes her dream of swimming the Florida straits , it wo n't be for lack of trying . The 64-year-old began her fifth and last bid to swim from Cuba to the United States on Saturday morning . Previous attempts were thwarted by dehydration , ocean currents and excruciating jellyfish stings to her tongue . "  There 's the fine line between seeing that things are bigger than you and letting your ego go , " Nyad said at a news conference in Havana Friday . "  And there 's another edge over that fine line where you do n't ever want to give up and I am still at that place ! " Were Nyad to swim the 103 miles from Havana to the Florida Keys , she would be the first person to do so without the benefits of a shark cage , flippers or wet suit . And it would validate her attempts , which have spanned 35 years . In 1997 , Australian endurance swimmer Susie Maroney , then 22 , completed the swim from within a shark cage . Along with the protection the cage offers against toothy predators , swimmers say the cage provides a barrier against waves and other weather hazards . Since Maroney 's swim , some of the world 's best endurance swimmers have tried to cross the straits of Florida without using a cage . All have been turned back . But few have done so as persistently or as colorfully as Nyad . The Key West , Florida , resident says she feels a special bond with Cubans and hopes her repeated efforts to swim between the two countries will help improve the still-tense relations between Havana and Washington . Nyad often tried to communicate in rudimentary Spanish during the news conference Friday . She has said that during her long swims , she sings the Cuban ballad , "  Guantanmera , " to herself hundreds of times . Cuban authorities said that after her latest attempt was announced in state media , they received a barrage of suggestions from across the island on how she could ward off the stinging jellyfish that ended previous attempts . This time , Nyad said , she will wear surgical gloves and a specially designed prosthetic face mask to prevent the jellyfish from stinging her . "  It took us a year , we made mold after mold , " Nyad said of the mask , adding it was the kind used to protect people who had suffered injuries to their faces . "  It 's a two-edged sword for me . It 's cumbersome , it 's difficult to swim with , but it does n't matter . I am safe . There 's no other way . " Nyad will be accompanied by a 35-member crew aboard two sail boats . They will monitor her health , update her progress on social media and try to ward off sharks that might view her as a potential snack . If all goes to plan , Nyad said , the swim will take her three days to finish . CNN 's Matt Sloane contributed to this report .	Her attempts started 35 years ago She hopes to swim the 103 miles from Havana to the Florida Keys If she 's successful , she 'll be the first person to do so without a shark cage , flippers or wet suit During her long swims , she sings Cuban ballad , "  Guantanmera , " to herself
Tokyo  CNN  -- Most Japanese treat Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's new economic program , dubbed "  Abenomics , " with a heavy dose of skepticism . If there is a miracle cure for Japan 's decades-long malaise , then it 'll have to be seen to be believed . And Abe himself admits it will take time for salaries to rise and for the real economy to respond to treatment . But in Tokyo 's central Akihabara district , four young Abenomics devotees dressed in giant glittery bow-ties and denim mini-skirts are handing out fliers . They chant : "  We 're the Street Corner Economists -- please come to our concert ' ! " Granted , it 's less the promise of massive public spending programs , the whirring of the monetary printing press or the slightly ambiguous growth strategies pulling in the punters here . It 's more about the girl band 's coquettish sales pitch . "  When the economy is good the skirt lengths get shorter , " says 20-year-old band member Yuki Sakora . "  So when the Nikkei goes below 9,000 we wear long skirts ; when it 's between 10 and 11,000 we go medium-length , and miniskirts when it 's 11 to 13,000 . " Their signature tune "  Abenomics " has only been on sale a couple of weeks , but the audience seem to know it . An assortment of geeky 20-something males and the odd suited salaryman faithfully mirror the girls ' dance-routine , punching the air with glow-sticks when the refrain comes through . Perhaps it 's because the Nikkei 's wedged firmly above 13,000 , so they 're treated to the girls in bloomers . I ask Yuki what Abenomics means to her . "  The weaker yen probably means prices will go up , " she says without missing a beat . "  But that helps exports . And I think companies will start to earn more and that will boost consumer spending . " That is the theory but it requires a shift in thinking . "  Our biggest problem is that the general public has been stuck with deflation -- in mind and heart -- for the past 20 years , " Japan 's Finance Minister Taro Aso told CNN 's Jill Dougherty recently . "  People do n't buy things today because they think tomorrow it will be cheaper . Unless this mindset changes and people start buying things , consumption , which is near 70 % of GDP , wo n't grow . " Toru Urayama set up an academy in 2007 to teach amateur traders how to make money on the markets . In the last few months of the Nikkei 's meteoric rise he 's experienced a flood of applicants . But he tells them not to hold out hope that Abenomics will do much in the long term . "  It 's good for the stock market but not for the economy as a whole . It could lead to a bubble , though I do n't think it will be as bad as it was back in the 1980s , " he said , referring to the spectacular crash that followed decades of soaring stock and real estate values in Japan . Megumi Fukuzawa 's signed up because she made a bad investment in 2008 and is wondering what to do with her money now the market 's up . She 's hoping Abenomics boosts her husband 's salary . "  In the past I 've tried to save because his salary was low . But if things change then I might spend more , this stock market investment is part of that . " Back on stage , the Street Corner Economists finish their song in a blaze of multi-colored lights , before they settle in for a chat with the fans . Everyone dutifully sits down . But when the girls ask whether anyone 's bought the single , there 's not much of a response . The appeal here is more show than substance . Precisely what critics fear so-called Abenomics will turn out to be too .	Prime Minister Shinzo Abe 's new economic program is dubbed "  Abenomics " Many are skeptical about whether this is the solution for Japan 's malaise Some fear the boost to the country 's stock markets could produce a bubble 1980s collapse followed decades of growing stock , property prices
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The future of design could see the divide between able-bodied and disabled people vanish . A toilet for all : the "  Universal Toilet " caters for able-bodied and people in wheelchairs . Don Norman , design Professor at Northwestern University in Illinois , and the author of " The Design of Future Things , " is issuing a challenge to designers and engineers across the world : Create things that work for everyone . "  It is about time we designed things that can be used by ALL people -- which is the notion behind accessible design . Designing for people with disabilities almost always leads to products that work better for everyone . " Once the champion of human-centered design -- where wants and needs of individuals are the primary consideration in the design process , Norman now believes accessible activity-centered design is a better approach . This approach creates designs by looking at the job a person needs to achieve in using a particular technology . Norman told CNN that including disabled people in this thought process would create better technologies for all people , regardless of their level of ability . "  Make cans and bottles that a one-handed person can open and guess what , many people will find it makes their lives easier when they only have one free hand . "  Showers and baths can be made better and safer for all . Make things better for the hard of hearing or seeing and guess what , similar benefits for all , " he said . And technology like this is already being developed . Korean designers Changduk Kim and Youngki Hong have come up with the "  Universal Toilet , " an invention that could end the need for separate able-bodied and disabled toilets . Tell us your ideas for machines or objects that could be adapted to suit disabled and able-bodied people . Despite such innovation , Norman said there would still need to be a shift in the mindset of many major companies . "  The most important first step is to increase the awareness of designers and companies of the need to accommodate everyone . The disabled are not just some small , disenfranchised group : they represent all of us . So the first step is education , awareness , and empathy . " A change in the thought process of designers would also require support and active participation of people with the disabilities being designed for , he said . Norman also hoped for some more care to be taken with these designs . "  Finally , why are so many aids so ugly ? Why ca n't we rally the design community to make beautiful , elegant canes , walkers , wheelchairs , and other items ? " Such an approach would aid the work of organizations like the Disabled Living Foundation , and Alison Wright 's British company EasyLivingHome , which specializes in inclusive interior design to meet the functional and aspirational needs of older consumers . Norman felt some of the best designs in existence were simple and very old . He believed computers are actually restrictive when it comes to being creative . "  Pencils and small pieces of paper are two of the best objects designed . When you take our computer tools they do n't allow us such flexibility . The good technologies are bringing that flexibility back . " He said producing good designs was about making the object understandable , and not trying to base the design on a certain way in which people should use the technology . "  What we should do is understand the job the person is trying to do . Do n't try to predict what a human will do . You will get it wrong , " he said . Some of Norman 's favorite technologies of the contemporary era include the Nintendo Wii , navigation systems in cars , and Google Maps with the option of being able to select driving or walking . He is not a big fan of the iPod 's design , and believes it has been successful primarily because of excellent marketing , the iTunes store , and other extras which can be bought to accompany the iPod . Norman was also supportive of users of technology could have input into how it functioned . He said ` mass customization ' where designers offer the purchaser the opportunity to add a personal touch to goods was increasingly common . "  I think it 's quite rewarding letting people design their own things . " So , what does he see occurring in the future ? Norman said he was excited about 3D printing and the possibilities that could one day open up . "  I can imagine in the future if I was after something like a new dish-mat , I will be able to buy it online and by printing it it gets manufactured in my own home . " He envisaged being able to purchase the raw materials for such items and then input them into the machine .	Professor of design Don Norman wants designers to be more inclusive Two Korean designers invented a toilet for able-bodied and disabled people Norman believes activity-centered design is the best approach
CNN  -- A judge ordered an ex-aide to former Sen. John Edwards on Friday to turn over a sex tape said to depict Edwards and his former mistress , an official in a North Carolina court said . Judge Abraham Penn Jones found former Edwards aide Andrew Young and his wife , Cheri , in civil contempt of court , said Tammy Keshler , a judicial assistant in Chatham County Superior Court . He ordered them to give the court the tape and other materials they may have by 2 p.m. Wednesday , she said . The judge said he could jail the Youngs if they do not comply , she said . The Youngs appeared in court in Pittsboro , about 35 miles west of Raleigh , North Carolina , to contest a temporary restraining order forbidding them from disseminating the videotape . The couple has said they possess "  a video recording showing Senator Edwards engaged in sexual activities with a woman who , from all indications , is not his wife and who the Youngs believe to be Ms. Hunter , based upon her appearance , " court documents say . The woman on the tape is visibly pregnant , the Youngs say . That means the video might not be the one specified in the restraining order , because Rielle Hunter , Edwards ' former mistress , said that tape was created in September 2006 , the Youngs say . "  This means that , as a matter of human biology , Ms. Hunter would have given birth no later than June 2007 , " the Youngs say . Hunter was pregnant in 2007 and gave birth to Edwards ' daughter Frances Quinn on February 27 , 2008 . In the court documents , the Youngs suggest that Hunter might have mistaken when the video was made . Even if that is the case , they say , Hunter abandoned the videotape in the trash at their home and made no effort to recover it until almost two years after she had left their home . Friday 's court proceeding is the latest development in a saga involving one-time Democratic presidential hopeful Edwards . In January , he admitted that he had fathered a child with Hunter , a videographer who worked on his campaign . Edwards , 56 , had publicly denied paternity for more than a year . About a week after his admission , Edwards confirmed reports that he had legally separated from his wife , Elizabeth . Those announcements came just before Andrew Young released an embarrassing book about the Edwardses and his campaign . In the book , Young portrays John Edwards as a cold , calculating and reckless politician willing to deny fathering a girl , risk his marriage and put the Democratic Party in potential political jeopardy , all in the name of pursuing the presidency . After Hunter became pregnant , Young says in the book , he agreed to the North Carolina senator 's request to lie , allowed Hunter to live in his home and said he was the father , though Young was married with three children .	NEW : Senator 's former aide has until 2 p.m. to turn over video Andrew Young claims he has tape of Edwards having sex with pregnant woman Edwards admitted fathering a child with mistress , has separated from wife Elizabeth
CNN  -- Syria 's president says he 'll welcome the return of U.N. investigators to follow up on more allegations of chemical weapons use in his country . "  We 've been asking them to come back to Syria to continue their investigations , " President Bashar al-Assad told Fox News in an interview broadcast Wednesday . Al-Assad said he had n't had time yet to analyze the U.N. investigators ' findings so far , but stressed they have more work to do . "  They have n't finished it yet , " he said , adding that it 's clear that rebels were behind chemical weapons attacks , not his government . Ake Sellstrom , the head of the inspection team that visited after an August 21 attack outside Damascus , told CNN that the next visit could take place as early as next week . In the meantime , Al-Assad vowed that his government would comply with the deal to hand over and destroy its chemical weapons , but noted that the timeframe is uncertain and the costs will be great -- up to $ 1 billion by some estimates . And he said that his government 's decision to sign on had nothing to do with a threat of military action by the United States . "  Syria never obeyed any threat . We actually responded to the Russian initiative , " he told Fox . "  We obey because we want to obey . We have completely different incentives . " Russia denounces U.N. report Soon after Western countries said the U.N. findings implicated the Syrian regime in using sarin gas , Russia fired back , calling the report "  distorted . " Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov also told Russia Today that the report was built on insufficient information . He said Russia has its own evidence from the site of the August 21 attack that , according to U.S. estimates , killed more than 1,400 people . "  This analysis is not finished , so the point here is not about accusing parties , " Ryabkov told Russia Today . "  But the point is ... that those inspectors of the U.N. should come back to Syria to complete their investigation . " In the same interview , he said Syria has given Russia evidence that implicates rebels in the August 21 attack , which occurred outside Damascus . "  This confirmation and this evidence has been transmitted to the Russian side ... and we are in the process of studying those , " he said without citing what the evidence was . Russia will present evidence to the Security Council , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told reporters in Valdai , Russia , on Wednesday . He did not say when the presentation would take place and added that he himself had not seen it . Russia has been a strong ally of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's regime , and Russian defense contracts with Syria have probably exceeded $ 4 billion . Is the U.S. back to square one on Syria ? The United Nations official in charge of weapons inspectors said that the report alleging chemical weapons use in Syria "  stands for itself , " shooting back Russian allegations that the report was "  biased " and "  distorted . " "  It is a very sound , scientific report , " Angela Kane , the U.N. high representative for disarmament affairs , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Wednesday . Moscow 's reaction to the U.N. report has differed sharply from those of the United States and France . "  Based on our preliminary review of information contained in the report , several crucial details confirm the Assad regime 's guilt in carrying out this attack , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters Tuesday . She said one of the munitions identified in the report , a 120 mm improvised rocket , has been linked to previous attacks by al-Assad 's regime , and "  we have no indications that the opposition has manufactured or used this style rocket . " French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said his country also believes the report proves the Syrian regime used chemical warfare in opposition strongholds near Damascus . But Nick Brown , editor in chief of IHS Jane 's Defence Equipment and Technology Centre , said that though the U.N. report appears to prove that high-quality , weaponized sarin was used in significant quantities in Syria , "  I have not personally seen any compelling data that proves beyond doubt who the weapons were used by . " He added : "  There is a degree of circumstantial evidence that appears to point to the attack originating with the Assad forces , but the exact forensic detail of who prepared and then triggered the weapons remains unclear and was beyond the scope of the U.N. investigation . " Securing Syria 's chemical weapons : Mission impossible ? Syrian government claims a win United Nations Security Council members met Wednesday to try to hammer out a resolution to get Syria to give up its chemical weapons . It was n't clear Wednesday night how much progress they 'd made . Reaching a deal will be tough . U.S. and French officials want to include the threat of military action in the event Syria does n't comply , but Russian officials do n't want any wording that could countenance the use of force . The disagreement came days after Russia and the United States reached a rare agreement on Syria -- a plan for eliminating the country 's chemical weapons stockpile . Even Syria agreed to the plan , and U.S. President Barack Obama has held back on possible military action while diplomatic options play out . But even before seeing a Security Council resolution , the Syrian regime claimed an international win . Prime Minister Wael al-Halqi told the Syrian Cabinet about "  brilliant victories of the Syrian diplomacy realized ... in terms of preventing the U.S. from launching a military aggression against Syria , " the Syrian Arab News Agency reported Wednesday . But the diplomacy has n't stopped bloodshed . The opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria reported Wednesday that regime forces killed 24 people in the village of Kafr Zeiba in Idlib province . The Syrian opposition has blamed al-Assad 's government for the violence and called for his ouster . Al-Assad told Fox News that his government ca n't back down on what he called a fight against terrorism , arguing that 80 % -90 % of rebels have ties to al Qaeda or other extremist groups . Civilian casualties in the Syrian conflict , he argued , have come from rebel attacks and from his government 's attempts to root out terrorists from residential areas . "  The army has to go there and get rid of terrorists . The army should defend citizens . You can not leave them free , killing people , beheading people , eating their hearts , " he said . "  In every way , you have casualties . This is war .  There is  no clean war , no soft war , no good war . " Syria 's children deserve chance to be kids again CNN 's Jill Dougherty , reporting from Valdai , Russia , and Yousuf Basil , Jo Shelley , Samira Said , Mick Krever , Nick Paton Walsh , Joe Vaccarello and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Bashar al-Assad : "  Syria never obeyed any threat " from the United States U.N. inspectors will follow up on more allegations of chemical weapons use in Syria Russia slams a U.N. report on chemical weapons use , calling it "  distorted " Jane 's editor in chief sees no "  compelling evidence " indicating who used sarin
CNN  -- Keith Trotter stared at the picture that popped up on his Facebook feed . He felt like the floor was opening up and swallowing him whole . This photo of himself had been taken a few days earlier at a 2009 New Year 's Eve party and posted by his friend Jeremy . Trotter was 386 pounds at the time , wearing size 60 pants , and holding a plate of food . He had known for a while that he was overweight and out of shape . But this guy ? He did n't recognize himself . "  I do n't have a neck , I do n't have a lap ... I look like a swollen pig , " said Trotter , now 42 years old . He thought : "  Why has n't someone just slapped me with something heavy and said ` You 're going to die -- you look awful ' ? " At first , the father of five in Wisconsin felt overwhelmed with anger and shame . He wanted his friend to take down the picture . But when he cooled off , he knew it was his own responsibility to make a change . Trotter , the manager of payment operations for a regional health plan , had made a career of managing processes , policies and procedures . His job involved thinking about how employees could do things better and more cost effectively , based on data and measurable results . Trotter 's iReport : 100 Small Steps to 160 Pound Weight Loss He decided to apply those management concepts to his weight loss . He kept a journal tracking what worked for him , and by the end of three years , he had lost 158 pounds . Midway through , he began to chronicle his journey on the blog "  100 small steps , " and is currently trying to turn it into a book . Here 's how Trotter lost the weight : He did tons of research . As Trotter first started his weight-loss quest , he joined a program that provided protein shakes and pre-made meals , but quickly realized "  I did n't have the money or the desire to eat out of a box my entire life . " He read psychological journals , fitness blogs and books about weight loss to learn the underlying causes of obesity and proven strategies that worked for other people . One book was "  Fit to Lead , " which looks at the connection between fitness and productivity . He got therapy . Learning how depression and obesity may affect each other made Trotter serious about losing weight and getting help . Counseling helped him confront past disappointments , make peace with the fact that he had n't fulfilled his dream of becoming an opera singer , and find healthier things to do when he felt stressed or upset . "  I really did n't like who I had become . I had to learn how to fall in love with that person again , " he said . "  I wrote down all the things I did n't like about myself and I wrote all the things I liked ... I had to learn how to like that person , and want to do things to stop abusing that person . " He kept reminders all around . That picture from New Year 's Eve that made him sick ? He put it up all over his house , laid a copy on the passenger seat of his car and made it the home screen on his phone . He showed the photo to anyone who would listen as a way of keeping himself accountable as he lost weight . "  I looked for opportunities to talk about it , to share my story with other people . That 's my reminder all the time . That 's me -- that 's who I was -- and I do n't ever want to go back there . " He ditched his credit card . Trotter , who spends a lot of time on the road , realized that he 'd be more mindful about his food purchases if he stopped using plastic . He put himself on daily cash rations -- $ 10 for breakfast and lunch -- and found he was a lot more likely to buy food that was truly "  fuel " instead of junk . He turned off the TV . After a hunting trip with some buddies , it dawned on him that snow pants , boots and warm socks made it a lot more enjoyable to stay outside , even in the cold Wisconsin winter . When he got home , he took the family shopping for sweaters , warm gloves and other gear so they could spend more time outside and less time watching movie marathons and eating popcorn . "  I knew we were finally doing it right when someone asked me about a popular TV show and I had no idea what they were talking about , " he wrote . He kept workouts simple . Trotter initially was too embarrassed about his body to go to the gym , and when he did , he found his stomach was so large that it physically hurt to use the machines . But there were lots of exercises he could do at home : Stair push-ups , jumping jacks , deep knee bends , situps and other sweat-breaking routines . Now that he 's thinner , he uses the gym at his office about three times a week but still does calisthenics every day at home . He embraced routines . He only ate while sitting at the table , had a salad before each meal , and chewed each bite at least 20 times . Trotter learned another trick to curb his cravings : Brushing his teeth right afterward , when he was most likely to long for a honey bun -- his Achilles ' heel . "  Trust me when I tell you , honey buns and Colgate do n't mix , " he said . He did n't deprive himself . After several months of avoiding all the foods that were bad for him , Trotter said he realized he was obsessed about honey buns , cheese puffs and all the willpower-busting snacks he could n't have . Once he allowed himself cheat days , the cravings went away . He is careful about what he eats most of the time , and in fact , he earned the nickname "  Temple " because he was always talking about treating his body like a temple . Still , he allows himself one special meal a week . He also practices restraint by putting cheese puffs in a tea cup for portion control , or eating half a candy bar and wrapping up the rest for another time . Trotter 's openness about his journey has inspired a lot of people in his life , including his boss , Tami Renz , who hired him when he was halfway through his weight loss . She herself has battled the bulge and lost 50 pounds . "  We 've talked about recipes that eliminate fat , or spices that you can add that are n't salt , " Renz said . "  I have a tendency to beat myself up if I stepped backwards , and he says , ` It 's a new day . ' " Trotter 's friend Jeremy Swanson , who posted that New Year 's Eve picture on Facebook , says he never thought of Trotter as obese . But he 's not surprised that Trotter succeeded in his transformation . "  He 's definitely faced many challenges in his life since I 've known him . I 've watched him own his own business and the challenge that presents ... having that many mouths to feed on a daily basis , having to pay all those bills , and he makes it happen , " Swanson said . "  I knew there would be results . There 's no doubt that he would conquer it . " Since his initial 158-pound weight loss , Trotter says he put on about 10 pounds of muscle . Now at 6 feet tall and 238 pounds , with a 40-inch waist , he knows he still has some work to do but is much happier about how he looks and feels . He knew he had turned a corner when he wrote in his journal a year ago : "  5:15 p.m. : Really craving a honey bun ... 5:45 p.m. : Honey buns are overrated ! " He has n't had a honey bun since . For more of Trotter 's tips , visit his blog or follow him on Facebook . Have a weight-loss story of your own to share ? Send it to iReport	Keith Trotter lost 158 pounds in 3 years He applied management principles to his weight loss What was his secret ? Lots of small steps , he says Do you have a weight-loss story ? Send it to CNN iReport
EW.com  -- When it comes to adapting beloved novels , Hollywood has a lot of blood on its hands . We all have our own personal laundry lists of books we spent our childhoods poring over that wound up getting sapped of their original spark and power on the way to the big screen . I could be wrong , but I suspect that diehard fans of Orson Scott Card 's 1985 sci-fi allegory Ender 's Game might walk out of Gavin Hood 's lavish , eye-candy adaptation with a similar sensation â $ " that they 've spent more than two decades waiting for what ends up being an oddly lifeless and emotionally unaffecting film . For the uninitiated , Ender 's Game is the story of 12-year-old Ender Wiggin  Hugo 's Asa Butterfield  , a shy loner with a beautiful mind . His gift , if it can be called that , considering what happens in the last third of the film , is that he 's a bit of savant when it comes to strategy and analyzing thorny no-win situations . He 'd give Captain Kirk a serious run at Star Trek 's Kobayashi Maru scenario . This is a particularly valuable skill set in the wake of a devastating attack on Earth years earlier by an alien insect race called the Formics . There are reports that these intergalactic praying mantises are about to launch a second assault and the military powers that be are scouring our planet , looking for the best and the brightest to outwit these blood-thirsty beasties . Harrison Ford , all gravel and growl , plays Col. Hyrum Graff , the head of recruiting . He sees in Ender the last best hope for Earth 's survival : And a child shall lead them ... and all of that . He taps Ender for a spot in the elite Battle School , where he faces down bullies using his unique brand of psychological jujitsu . The problem is , these initiation and training scenes go on forever . He forms a sort of chaste romance with a fellow cadet  True Grit 's Hailee Steinfeld  , becomes an ace at an anti-gravity laser-tag variation of Quidditch , and earns the grudging respect of his classmates . While the movie looks stunning , it 's also all a bit dull . I kept thinking what Ender 's Game could have used was some of the fizz and subversive bite of Paul Verhoeven 's Starship Troopers . Card 's public stance against gay marriage has been controversial , but none of those views have made it into the film . The movie actually contains an anti-bullying theme of tolerance . Mostly , it 's a harmless , slightly clunky story in which the undercooked plot and unremarkable performances fail to match the visual ambition . The revelations in the film 's downbeat but satisfying final act hint at deeper wrinkles that were ironed out of the novel on its journey to the multiplex . But by the time the movie finally manages to get interesting , audiences may be too numb and their retinas too fried to win back . Grade : C + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film is about a 12-year-old shy loner with a beautiful mind Co-stars Harrison Ford as the head of recruiting EW gives it a C +
Beijing  CNN  -- The Chinese economy continued its breakneck growth in 2010 , expanding by 10.3 % , according to government figures released Thursday . Last year China 's economic output eclipsed Japan to become the world 's second largest economy with just over $ 6 trillion , completing a decade long gallop that saw it jump the economies of France , the UK and Germany . China 's growth in 2009 was 9.2 % . The U.S. is the world 's largest economy with an estimated $ 14.6 trillion GDP for 2010 . Interactive : The world 's 10 largest economies The yearend figures come out as Chinese President Hu Jintao makes a high-profile visit to the U.S. , being feted at a state dinner by U.S. President Barack Obama -- the first such dinner for China in more than 13 years . The summit has also highlighted a range of issues between the world 's two largest economies , such as the global economic crisis , international security , the environment and human rights . Obama administration officials used the president 's meeting with Hu to highlight economic progress between the two countries , announcing Beijing 's approval of $ 45 billion in new contracts for U.S. companies to export goods to China . The contracts will support an estimated 235,000 American jobs , according to the White House . The Chinese economy grew 9.8 % in the last quarter of 2010 , according to China 's National Bureau of Statistics . Consumer prices grew 3.3 % year-on-year , ahead of China 's 3 % target . But more troubling for Beijing is the price of food rose 7.2 % . As the economy expands , inflation is a growing concern for China 's economic minders , said Professor Patrick Chovanec at Tsinghua University in Beijing . China has implemented price controls on food "  but whether that deal with the underlying inflationary pressure is an entirely different problem , " Chovanec said . "  Nothing China has done so far has really tackled that . " Two chief U.S. economic concerns are China 's currency , which critics say is widely undervalued , and increased access to U.S. businesses in the burgeoning China market . Obama dismissed a reporter 's question about U.S. fear of China 's rising power , saying that China 's explosive economic growth is good for the world and , more specifically , American businesses . We want to sell China "  all kinds of stuff , " he said . "  We welcome China 's rise , " Obama said . Washington just wants to ensure it "  reinforces international norms and international rules , and enhances security and peace as opposed to ... being a source of conflict . " While the meeting dealt with a range of topics , U.S. officials continued to focus intensely on the fact that the government-controlled People 's Bank of China is artificially undervaluing the yuan , bringing down the cost of Chinese exports , which would give it an advantage in the international market . CNN 's Helena Hong , Pauline Chiou and Kevin Voigt contributed to this report .	The Chinese economy grew 10.3 % in 2010 , according to government figures The size of the world 's second largest economy eclipsed $ 6 trillion Consumer prices grew 3.3 % year-on-year ; food prices grew 7.2 % Inflation is a growing concern for Beijing as the economy expands
CNN  -- I count 105 football movies on Wikipedia 's "  list of sports films . " There is a 1998 one called "  The Garbage Picking Field Goal Kicking Philadelphia Phenomenon , " a title I know nothing about , except that it obviously had no use for commas or hyphens . There is a silent one , 1925 's "  The Freshman , " about a milquetoast whose teammates use him in practice as a tackling dummy . There is a 1976 one called "  Gus , " about a mule who kicks field goals . Not a true story , I believe . The 105th  chronologically  on this list is "  Draft Day , " a tale of a fictional NFL executive -- he is played by Kevin Costner , king of sports cinema -- that opens Friday at a theater near you . From the trailer I have seen , it looks pretty good . Raising the question : Has there ever been a GREAT football movie ? I mean truly great , not just good . A masterpiece . A film you seriously could rank among your 100 best of all time . All right , all right , all right , as Matthew McConaughey would say , let 's take a look at some of those 105 movies on this here list . "  American football " is the category , which is just to let our CNN friends in Asia , Europe and South America know that you can go look for YOUR favorite football films under the category "  soccer . " OK , for openers , what does and does n't qualify as a football film ? For example , "  Silver Linings Playbook "  2012  is not , even though its title sure does sound like one . Football gets talked about a lot , but a football movie , it is not . "  M * A * S * H "  1970  also is not , even though it ends with a football game . The movie itself had nothing to do with football . "  Horse Feathers "  1932  ends with a game . It makes the list , if only because Professor Wagstaff  Groucho Marx  wants to know : "  Have we got a college ? Have we got a football team ? Well , we ca n't afford both . Tomorrow we start tearing down the college ! " There are two versions of "  The Longest Yard "  1974 and 2005  , two of "  Brian 's Song "  1971 and 2001  , two about legendary Alabama coach Bear Bryant  1984 and 2002  , one of which has Bear played by the somewhat less legendary Gary Busey . There are "  true " stories about Knute Rockne , Tom Harmon , Frankie Albert , Elroy "  Crazylegs " Hirsch , Rocky Bleier , Ernie Davis , Ernie Nevers and more , some of which contain scenes that are actually factual . In "  Invincible "  2006  , a bartender  played by Mark Wahlberg  named Vince  as in invincible  gets to play for the Philadelphia Eagles . It really happened . In "  Paper Lion "  1968  , the writer George Plimpton  played by Alan Alda  gets to play for the Detroit Lions . It sort of happened . It was actually in a team scrimmage , not in an NFL exhibition game , as in the film . There is 1993 's "  Rudy , " about a small dude  played by Sean Astin  who gets to play with a Notre Dame team made up mainly of big dudes . There is 1981 's "  Grambling 's White Tiger , " in which a white dude  played by master thespian Bruce Jenner  gets to play with a college team made up mainly of black dudes . A couple star Dennis Quaid . A couple star the Rock . I like both these actors , although both would have been badly miscast playing Rudy . A couple star Burt Reynolds , who actually played a little football in school . Sandra Bullock , who probably did not play a lot of football in school , won an Oscar for 2009 's "  The Blind Side , " in which she demonstrates to future NFL star Michael Oher how to throw a block . Nice scene . Totally made up . Oher later wondered "  why the director chose to show me as someone who had to be taught the game of football . " Because that 's show biz ! Costner 's new one , "  Draft Day , " concerns the NFL 's Cleveland Browns , with their general manager maneuvering to acquire the No. 1 pick of the college player draft . The Browns need any help they can get , never having won a Super Bowl . I appreciate that in Costner 's career he has played cowboys , lawyers , naval officers , Robin Hood , Eliot Ness and guys obsessed with JFK . I am nevertheless always pleased to find him in a sport-related role . I 'd watch him do anything , except maybe fight Rocky or play soccer . Has there ever been a football film classic , you ask ? Hmmm , probably not the one with a team coached by John Wayne , nor the one with a team coached by Goldie Hawn . Oh , and probably not "  Against All Odds "  1984  , a remake of the film-noir mystery "  Out of the Past , " for which instead of a private detective , the main character was changed by some Hollywood genius to -- duh -- a pro football team 's injured wide receiver ! Ah , but a few keepers do exist . A half-dozen , in no particular order : -- "  All the Right Moves "  1983  was a drama about a high school kid , good , not great , played by a young Tom Cruise , who basically finds out that if your coach feels like it , he sure can mess up the rest of your life . -- "  North Dallas Forty "  1979  was a realistic look , with plenty of farce thrown in , at the behind-the-scenes activities of a pro football team , including a martinet of a coach and a number of players who indulge in very unsportsmanlike conduct . -- "  Harvard Beats Yale , 29-29 "  2008  is a documentary , often as witty as the headline that inspired it . It looks back on a November 23 , 1968 , football game unforgettable to everybody involved in it , including a Harvard lineman you might have seen in another movie or two , Tommy Lee Jones . -- "  Brian 's Song "  1971  , the original , not that lame reboot of 30 years later , deals with teamwork , friendship , rivalry , race relations , terminal illness , you name it . Acted impeccably by Billy Dee Williams and James Caan , this was a fine bromance . -- "  Jerry Maguire "  1996  has had its cute lines regurgitated for so long -- "  show me the money , " "  you had me at hello " -- that its memorable premise is oft forgotten , that being the value of loyalty , to a partner , to a principle , to an employer , to a client . For a romantic comedy , it 's actually a pretty fair drama . -- "  Friday Night Lights "  2004  took a book that offended some of the good folks of Odessa , Texas , exposing the lows as well as the highs of high school ball . In time , many came to accept what a significant story this is , in literature and film , the latter with a letter-perfect script and A-plus cast . Others out there in movie land might prefer the life lessons of 2000 's "  Remember the Titans . " Or even a fossilized relic like 1940 's "  Knute Rockne , All American , " in which a dying 25-year-old George Gipp  played by Ronald Reagan  tells his old coach Knute to "  go out there with all they 've got and win just one for the Gipper , " which they do . Me , I 'd remake that one . Costner could do a great Knute .	A new football movie , "  Draft Day , " is opening , starring Kevin Costner Mike Downey : Has there ever been a great football movie ? Wikipedia lists 105 football movies , most of them forgettable He says there are a few standouts , including "  Harvard Beats Yale , 29-29 "
CNN  -- U.S. Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta warned that Israel must improve its relations with neighboring countries , saying the country is becoming increasingly isolated in the region . Panetta made the comments ahead of his arrival Monday in Israel , where he will meet with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to jump start peace talks . "  I do n't think there is any question in talking with leaders from Israel that they recognize that they 've becoming increasingly isolated in that part of the world , and that 's not ... a good situation , " Panetta told reporters while en route late Sunday to Israel . "  I think they recognize that it 's important to do whatever they can to try to improve those relations . " Tensions in the region have been running high in recent weeks over the Palestinian Authority 's bid for statehood before the United Nations , and Israel 's plans to build 1,100 new homes in disputed territory in south Jerusalem . "  The important thing there is to again reaffirm our strong security relationship with Israel , to make clear that we will protect their qualitative military edge , " Panetta said . "  As they take risks for peace , we will be able to provide the security that they will need in order to ensure that they can have the room hopefully to negotiate . " Panetta said he plans to offer U.S. help to Israel to improve its deteriorating relationships with some of its neighbors , particularly Turkey and Egypt . "  It 's pretty clear , that at this dramatic time in the Middle East when there have been so many changes , that it is not a good situation for Israel to become increasingly isolated . And that 's what 's happening , " Panetta said . "  And I think for the security of that region , it 's very important that we do everything possible to try to help them re-establish relations with countries like Turkey and with Egypt . " Turkey and Israel have been at odds following the deaths of nine Turkish activists during an Israeli commando raid last year on the SS Mavi Marmara , part of a flotilla of ships that was headed to blockaded Gaza . Last month , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan expelled Israel 's ambassador over that nation 's refusal to apologize for the incident . Public opposition in Egypt , meanwhile , against its peace treaty with Israel appears to be growing . Protesters last month attacked Israel 's embassy . Panetta will follow up his trip to Israel with a stop in Egypt , where he said he will encourage leaders to proceed with a promised election process following the ouster of President Hosni Mubarak . The defense secretary said there was little question Israel has maintained its military superiority in the region . "  But the question you have to ask is , is it enough to maintain a military edge if you are isolating yourself diplomatically ? , " Panetta said . "  Real security can only be achieved by both a strong diplomatic effort as well as a strong effort to protect your military strength . " Panetta 's visit to the region follows an Israeli announcement Sunday that it supports a call by the Middle East Quartet -- made up of the United States , the United Nations , the European Union and Russia -- for direct talks with Palestinians to resume within a month . In a statement , the Israeli prime minister 's office said Israel "  welcomes the quartet 's call for direct negotiations between the parties without preconditions . " "  While Israel has some concerns , it will raise them at the appropriate time , " the statement added . "  Israel calls on the Palestinian Authority to do the same and to enter into direct negotiations without delay . " Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas has repeatedly said Palestinians would not return to negotiations until Israel halts all settlement construction and accepts 1967 border lines as a basis for the return to talks . Panetta said he will stress to both Palestinians and Israelis that rather than set conditions for negotiating , they look for other approaches to resolve the issues . "  So my main message is , to both sides , you do n't lose anything by going into negotiations and trying to pursue a peace process everyone in the world is hopeful can begin , " he said . Also on the agenda with Israeli leadership is Iran . Panetta said the most effective way to deal with Iran "  is not on a unilateral basis . " Later , Panetta will head to Brussels , Belgium , for a meeting of NATO defense ministers . The coalition has been involved in a number of ongoing military campaigns , including over Libya and in Afghanistan . CNN 's Guy Azriel and Michael Schwartz contributed to this report .	The U.S. Secretary of Defense says Israeli isolation is not "  a good situation " in the Middle East Panetta says he plans to offer U.S. help to Israel to improve its relationships Panetta says there is little question Israel has maintained its military superiority in the region He 'll meet with Israeli , Palestinian and Egyptian leaders before heading to Belgium
CNN  -- A soccer whistle-blower has criticized FIFA 's "  culture of self-protection " after the world governing body rejected her claim over a breach of confidentiality as the World Cup bidding saga rumbled on . "  Woe be to any other person who cares enough to risk personal safety to report FIFA corruption , " said Phaedra Al-Majid , who was in charge of international media relations for the Qatar 2022 bid until 2010 , in a public statement . Al-Majid along with another whistle-blower -- Australian Bonita Mersiades -- gave evidence to American lawyer Michael Garcia , who has investigated the bidding process surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . The women claim Garcia ensured they would have anonymity in his investigative report -- and that he broke his promise . It 's a report that has become mired in controversy after German judge Hans-Joachim Eckert -- FIFA 's independent ethics adjudicator -- published a summary of the evidence the American had collated . The two women insist that assurances were given to them both in private and public that they would not be compromised after agreeing to give evidence "  through a sense of natural justice and a desire to bring closure to a long running chapter in our lives . " The women were not identified by name , but they contend they were "  clearly identifiable " in the summary of Garcia 's report . However , FIFA 's disciplinary committee said Tuesday there "  were no grounds to justify the opening of disciplinary proceedings " given "  the breach of confidentiality claim had no substance . " Referring to Eckert 's summary , FIFA said ; "  No names were mentioned in the statement and any information provided was of a general nature . Thus , there was no divulgence of any information of a confidential nature . " FIFA added that Garcia "  in his letter to Disciplinary Committee chairman Claudio Sulser , concluded that the complaints by the participants in the investigation were without merit and that , as far as he was concerned , there had been no infringements by Eckert . " FIFA 's ruling drew an incredulous response from Al-Majid . "  The conclusion of the FIFA Disciplinary Committee dismissing my complaint against Herr Eckert for breaching my confidentiality is a transparent avoidance of a clear violation of its own rules , " she said . "  I cooperated with Mr. Garcia 's investigation for over two-and-a-half years under a clear , unqualified promise of confidentiality . He asked me for my confidentiality and repeatedly promised me mine . "  I kept my promise . Herr Eckert breached that confidentiality . I did not . The Disciplinary Committee 's avoidance of this undisputable violation is emblematic of its culture of self-protection . " While admitting she had made public statements in the past , Al-Majid insisted they were made "  long before I entered into a confidentiality agreement with Mr. Garcia . "  I made no public statements during the entire period of Mr. Garcia 's investigation . "  I relied on FIFA 's promise of confidentiality and continued to honor my promise until Herr Eckert published his ` Summary . ' "  My recent public statements have only been made AFTER Herr Eckert 's identification of me in blatant violation of FIFA confidentiality rules . " On Twitter , Al-Majid posted an explanation FIFA had sent her , which seemed at odds with the organization 's media release explaining why it had dismissed her complaint , given the letter suggested she was not entitled to complain as she was no longer working in football . Former head of corporate affairs in the Australia 2022 bid Mersiades was equally critical of FIFA . "  FIFA is nothing if not predictable , and has today surpassed itself in obfuscation and deflection , " Mersiades said in a public statement . "  These issues are no longer just about winning bids from Russia and Qatar and losing bids , including Australia . It is about FIFA and the bid process that lent itself to abuse . "  In FIFA 's world , there is no room for ordinary fans . FIFA 's world is littered with corruption , mismanagement and self-interest . "  The real football world -- the many millions of players and billions of fans -- deserve a better FIFA , one that is governed by people who make decisions and take action in a transparent manner and who are held accountable in the best interests of the sport and civil society . "  Will a new , independent candidate stand-up to depose the President and build a new FIFA ? " Eckert 's report cleared Russia and Qatar , who will stage the 2018 and 2022 events respectively , of wrongdoing and instead was critical of rival bidders England and Australia . Soon after its publication , Garcia said the 42-page summary contained "  numerous materially incomplete and erroneous representations , " as he too lodged an appeal with FIFA 's appeals committee . However , on Tuesday FIFA declared Garcia 's appeal "  not admissible . " "  The said statement about the report on the inquiry into the 2018-2022 Fifa World Cup bidding process does not constitute a decision and as such is neither legally binding nor appealable , " said FIFA . "  Mr. Garcia has just received the decision and is reviewing it , " said a spokesman for the American lawyer . "  We have no further comment at this time . "	Soccer whistle-blower hits out at FIFA 's "  culture of self-protection " Phaedra Al-Majid unhappy FIFA rejected her breach of confidentiality complaint "  Dismissing my complaint ... is clear violation of its own rules , " she says FIFA declares American lawyer Michael Garcia 's appeal "  not admissible " over his complaint
Militants with black masks stand by as 15-year-old Mohammed watches a video of fighters cutting off a man 's head . "  This is jihad for the sake of God , " the men with Kalashnikov rifles say . Mohammed begins to feel lost , confused . "  Does God want me to do jihad ? " he wonders . This is Mohammed 's eyewitness account , told to CNN on Wednesday in a telephone interview . He was one of the more than 140 Kurdish schoolboys kidnapped in Syria last month by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  and forced to take daily lessons in radical Islamic theology , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group , and local activists say . Mohammed 's account provides insight into the workings of an organization that has the stated goal of creating a single caliphate across Syria and neighboring Iraq . Armed fighters in pickup trucks on May 29 stopped buses driving children back to their hometown of Ayn al-Arab from their junior high final exams in Aleppo . "  How can you sit with the girls ? It is forbidden ! " the men , many with foreign accents , yelled as they separated the female students and took only the boys . The convoy of fighters then forcibly escorted the all-male group to the ISIS-controlled city of Manbij in northern Syria , Mohammed told CNN . Nearly a month later , all the boys , ranging in age from 14 to 16 , remain hostages , except for Mohammed and three others who made a harrowing escape . "  We were all so scared . On the way back , we were celebrating that we had finished our tests . We were excited to go home and see our families . We did n't know why they took us , " says Mohammed , who asked his full name not be used for fear of his safety . After five days in captivity , Mohammed and a friend asked their classmates to create a diversion . The boys slipped out a back door , climbed a fence and started running to safety . The pair went from shop to shop , asking for help , but several locals , frightened by possible retaliation , turned the teenagers away . One resident gave the boys money to take public transportation to the border town of Jarablus , where they contacted their families from an Internet cafe . "  I was so happy when I got home . My mother had no idea that I had escaped . I was so excited to see her , " says Mohammed . He says he is now wanted for fleeing and fears he will be executed if ISIS captures him . Life under ISIS ' iron thumb The boy recalled their first morning in captivity , which began at a mosque in Manbij . "  If you try to leave , " the militants said , according to Mohammed , "  we will cut your heads off . " ISIS issued blankets and assigned a single room for every 17 boys to share . Almost immediately the radical schooling began , Mohammed says . Every day , local sheiks woke the boys up at dawn for prayer then held the students for several hours of Sharia lessons , said Mohammed . At night , ISIS fighters spent about five hours preaching jihad and showing graphic videos of executions and suicide operations . "  ISIS and Jabhat al-Nusra have targeted children for recruitment by providing military training in school settings or as part of broader education programs run by the groups , " said a report this week from Human Rights Watch . "  Former recruits described how leaders gave children particularly difficult or dangerous tasks and encouraged them to volunteer for suicide attacks . " While ISIS has not commented publicly about the mass abduction , it and other armed militia groups often recruit children for combat and battlefield support . A Syrian doctor told Human Rights Watch he treated a boy no older than 12 whose job was to whip prisoners in ISIS detention centers . "  They are trying to brainwash them , " a man identified as the father of one of the Kurdish boys told CNN in a telephone interview . "  We have raised our children well , but we are worried how this will affect them psychologically . " the man said on condition of anonymity . The father , a well-known Kurdish leader living outside Syria , asked his identity be kept secret for fear ISIS may punish his 14-year-old son , who is still being held in Manbij . ISIS totally isolates the children , even threatening local residents for peering at the boys from their balconies , he says . "  My friends would cry quietly at night , " Mohammed says , "  Now I try to comfort their parents and tell them , ` No they were happy and playing , ' but all of us were depressed . " The Syrian government refused to set up testing centers in the Kurdish-controlled city of Ayn al-Arab , forcing nearly 1,500 students to travel through treacherous territory to the government-controlled suburbs of Aleppo for yearend exams , the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said . The Syrian government has not commented on the claim or the abduction of the boys . "  These children have nothing to do with the political crisis . They just wanted to take their exams . They are innocent of all this , " the father says . Syrian Kurds threatened The People 's Protection Unit  YPG  , a Kurdish militia , rules the border city of Ayn al-Arab , but ISIS controls much of the surrounding area , effectively imposing a siege on residents . "  You go into Ayan al-Arab and there are no youths . All my friends are taken . I feel I can not smile . My whole life and all my days were with my classmates and now there is nothing , " Mohammed told CNN . Anguish plagues the homes of many families worried about the safety of their youngsters and the fate of the Kurdish enclave -- now that ISIS has acquired heavy weaponry , American-made Humvees and advanced military technology from its rampage on neighboring Iraq . "  It is painful for our community . If the boys had been captured in a battle then we can justify it . This is completely unjust . " Mostafa Baly , a Kurdish activist inside Ayn al-Arab , told CNN . ISIS demands Kurdish troops release its fighters in exchange for the release of the children , but with a lack of direct communication and distrust between the two parties , some are calling on the international community to intervene . "  We as the families , we call on any entity that could help put pressure on ISIS to free the children to please help us , " Baly , whose nephew is among the abducted , told CNN . The Democratic Union Party  PYD  , which controls Ayn al-Arab , is accused of committing violations against children and those held in its custody . The local Kurdish authority failed to provide due process , committed arbitrary arrests and used children within its ranks , Human Rights Watch said last week . "  The Kurdish-run areas of Syria are quieter than war-torn parts of the country , but serious abuses are still taking place , " said Nadim Houry , deputy Middle East and North Africa director for the group . Syria 's scattered and long-oppressed Kurdish community fought and won its local autonomy during the country 's protracted civil war but distanced itself from the armed rebellion against President Bashar al-Assad . A call for the world to pay heed The People 's Protection Unit  YPG  , which defends and administers the ethnic minority 's strongholds , predominantly in the north , often faces armed attacks by anti-government groups vying for resources and control . "  ISIS want to take over the world by killing , terrorizing and hurting children , " Baly told CNN . "  The Kurdish people will insist on defending themselves , but the world must watch and be careful . " ISIS has not issued any official statement on the incident or the alleged request for a prisoner swap . The group , so radical that al Qaeda 's central command disowned it earlier this year , controls several towns and cities in northern Syria and recently captured much of Iraq 's Sunni heartland including the country 's second largest city , Mosul . "  I want them to free my friends and bring them back to their families , " Mohammed says . "  I want ISIS to go because if they come here , I am dead . " Iraq 's parliament called to meet amid worsening crisis Facebook looks to block ISIS clothing sales	More than 140 schoolboys remain in ISIS control , group and residents say They are being indoctrinated into radical theology ISIS , engaged in fighting in Syria and Iraq , endorses Sharia law Loved ones of boys seek outside help to free them
White Lodging -- a company that maintains Hilton , Marriott , Sheraton and Westin hotel franchises -- has apparently suffered a data breach that exposed guests ' credit and debit card information in 2013 , independent security researcher Brian Krebs said . Banking industry sources noticed fraud among hundreds of cards that had been previously used at Marriott hotels , wrote Krebs , who first reported that Target had suffered a massive data breach around Black Friday last year . "  But those same sources said they were puzzled by the pattern of fraud , because it was seen only at specific Marriott hotels , including locations in Austin , Chicago , Denver , Los Angeles , Louisville and Tampa , " Krebs wrote . "  Turns out , the common thread among all of those Marriott locations is that they are managed " by White Lodging , he said . White Lodging , based in Merrillville , Indiana , issued a statement Monday saying the breach occurred from March 20 to December 16 and affected only people who used their credit cards in the affected hotels ' restaurants and bars . The 14 hotels include Marriott , Radisson , Renaissance , Sheraton , Westin and Holiday Inn franchises around the country . Marriott said it will continue to monitor the situation . "  We are working closely with the franchise management company as they investigate the matter , " spokesman Jeff Flaherty said . "  Because the suspected breach did not impact any systems that Marriott owns or controls , we do not have additional information to provide . " White Lodging is just the latest American business to investigate a security breach . The hacking of Target 's systems could be the largest breach in U.S. retail history . It affected up to 110 million customers , including 40 million credit and debit cards and up to 70 million customers ' personal information . CNNMoney : Tips for Target customers The retailer discovered the breach in mid-December , notified customers several days later , and launched an investigation with the help of a private security firm and law enforcement . Since Target 's disclosure , high-end retailer Neiman Marcus announced more than 1 million customer cards were compromised in a breach last summer . And last month , crafts retailer Michaels said its systems may have been breached . It is n't immediately clear if these possible attacks are related . Security experts have warned it is likely other companies were targeted by the hackers who hit Target . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder spoke about a federal investigation at a Senate hearing last week . "  We are committed to working to find not only the perpetrators of these sorts of data breaches , but also any individuals and groups who exploit that data via credit card fraud , " Holder said . Store credentials blamed in Target breach	Krebs : Banking sources noticed fraud on the cards of hundreds of past Marriott guests Each of those hotels are managed by White Lodging , which maintains hotel franchises White Lodging says an investigation is underway Krebs also exposed the Target data breach that affected up to 110 million customers
CNN  "  There 's a baby . There 's a baby . " The frantic voices of rescuers can be heard on the body cam video showing the moment baby Lily was found one week ago . The 18-month-old girl hangs upside down after her mother 's car crashed and flipped into a frigid Utah river some 14 hours earlier . A firefighter is seen lifting her tiny body , wrapped in pink , from the red car where Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , 25 , lost her life . The car landed on its roof in the Spanish Fork River . From the murky waters , the rescuer hands baby Lily to a police officer . He dashes up the rocky banks of the Spanish Fork , pressing the infant close to his chest for warmth . "  Got it , " the officer is heard saying . Lily is freezing . "  Come on , baby , " he says . "  She 's definitely hypothermic . " In the ambulance , the officer pats little Lily on the back in an attempt to get her breathing . Lily is on her side . She looks pale , her tiny arm appears stiff . "  Come on , sweetie , " the officer implores . "  Come on , sweetie . " On the ambulance to a hospital , rescuers perform CPR . They try to warm her . "  We 're almost there , " one rescuer is heard to say . "  Are you getting a pulse ? " "  I ca n't feel anything , " says another . At the hospital , as Lily is rushed into the emergency room , she vomits . "  We 've been doing CPR on her , " the officer tells emergency room personnel . "  She 's been throwing up a little bit . " Those moments captured by the body cam video -- which first aired on CNN affiliate KSL -- were crucial . "  If anything had been different , she might not have made it , " emergency room doctor Brock Royall told the station . In the ER , Lily opened her eyes as CPR was performed to get her heart pumping , Royall said . Another important factor was a car seat . Lily was in the proper car seat for her age , and the seat appears to have been properly attached . Even though the child was trapped and upside-down , her body remained in the seat and above the frigid water . Doctors say that such low temperatures are dangerous , but even more dangerous if the baby had gotten wet . "  She seems to be doing great , " said Officer Jason Howard of the Spanish Fork Police Department . "  We were able to get together with her and her family . She was happy and smiling . Seemed to be a normal and happy , healthy baby . " Howard said the toddler temporarily was staying with an aunt and uncle . Her father , Deven Trafny , 34 , was out of town on a job at the time of the accident , CNN affiliate KUTV reported . He rushed to his daughter 's side as soon as he heard . "  I  came in , I put my finger in her hand , and I told her her Dad was here , and I love her , " he told reporters Wednesday . "  I have n't left her bedside since , and I 've just been here just sitting next to her waiting for her to get better so she can come home . " Trafny said that Lily is awake and has been singing nursery rhymes . Video of the two of them at a hospital shows her waving at a camera . "  She knows everything she knew before anything happened . It 's amazing . Doctors say it 's amazing , " he said . How did toddler survive car crash in Utah river ? Lily might have died unseen with her mother had a man not gone fishing in that particular spot last Saturday . The angler waded into the river around noon , then noticed the car wheels-up in the water . The fisherman called emergency dispatch . The water was so cold that , when the rescue was over , seven of the men involved had to be treated for hypothermia . They heaved the car onto its side and saw Groesbeck in the driver 's seat . It was clear to them that she was dead . Lily was still strapped into her seat , where she may have been for 14 hours , if the wreck occurred at about 10:30 Friday night , as police believe . Trafny described Groesbeck as the love of his life , according to KUTV : "  I 'm going to miss her a lot . I still have to deal with that . " But he also considers himself lucky to still have his daughter -- healthy and alive . "  I 'm just blessed . I 'm counting all my blessings right now , " said Trafny . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen , Dana Ford and John Newsome contributed to this story .	"  Come on , sweetie . Come on , sweetie , " police officer implores rescued toddler Baby Lily was trapped in the car in the cold river for as long as 14 hours Lily 's mother , Lynn Jennifer Groesbeck , died in the crash
RollingStone.com  -- Lady Gaga gave Rolling Stone an advance preview of four songs from her upcoming album "  Born This Way " an hour before the first show of the final leg of her Monster Ball tour in Atlantic City . Though Gaga 's people were quick to point out that these were not the final mixes , the tracks certainly sounded like polished , finished recordings . Here 's a track-by-track rundown of what we heard backstage , as well as what she played from the new record in concert . "  Judas " Currently scheduled as the second single from the album , "  Judas " is a classic Lady Gaga pop banger with three huge hooks , a thumping house music breakdown and a vocal part that borrows a bit of Rihanna 's distinctive cadence . Gaga has written about falling for the wrong guy before in "  LoveGame " and "  Bad Romance , " but this time around she 's a bit less dark and dramatic . There 's a bubbly sweetness in her voice as she sings "  I 'm just a horny fool / baby it 's so cool / I 'm still in love with Judas , baby . " "  Edge of Glory " This one sounds crazy in print -- it 's a massive power ballad with heavy club beats that features Clarence Clemons of the E Street Band wailing on his saxophone  Clemons also plays on "  Hair "  -- but somehow it all seems totally natural when you actually hear it . There 's an element of cheesiness to it , but it 's totally captivating and incredibly catchy . If any of these new Gaga tunes demands to be a big fat hit , this is it . The inclusion of Clemons is an inspired touch that amplifies the song 's Eighties stadium rock vibe , but his actual performance is amazing and ranks among the best of his career . Photos : Lady Gaga 's Best Looks "  Scheiße " A remixed version of this number was used in a recent runway show by fashion designer Thierry Mugler . The album version does n't have the same hardcore European house flavor , but it 's definitely the tune most likely to bring back memories of early-Nineties dance crossover hits by C&C Music Factory , Snap and RuPaul . The opening of the song -- in which she flatly intones "  I do n't speak German , but I can if you like " -- is fierce , but the song is saved from being a slight novelty by a soaring chorus that vaguely recalls Survivor 's "  Eye of the Tiger . " Photos : Lady Gaga at the 2011 Grammys "  Hair " "  Hair " is another inspirational song in the mold of "  Born This Way , " but it 's a bit weirder , mixing the yearning romantic melodrama of Pat Benetar 's "  We Belong " with the hard industrial metal edge of Broken-era Nine Inch Nails . The lyrics are essentially about embracing one 's hairstyle as the ultimate expression of their identity , climaxing with Gaga triumphantly declaring "  I am my hair ! " in its huge sing along chorus . An anthem for hair salons everywhere . Photos : Lady Gaga 's Fashion Icons "  You and I " Gaga did n't share the studio version of this theatrical rock ballad , but she did perform it in her concert later in the evening . This one has been part of her Monster Ball setlist for months now , and at this point it 's already a crowd-pleasing showstopper . Assuming that the album recording will have more or less the same piano-centric arrangement , "  You and I " will provide a necessary break from the high energy beats on the other tracks . Watch her performance of the song from "  The Today Show " back in July below . "  Born This Way " This is the Number One single in the country , so you 've probably heard this one by now . This was the first time Gaga has played the song in concert , but it 's already the ideal conclusion to her show , ending the night with a giddy communal celebration of personal empowerment and self-acceptance . Watch footage of the performance here . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	"  Judas , " a classic Gaga pop banger , is scheduled as the second single from the album "  Edge of Glory " is a massive power ballad with heavy club beats "  Hair " is about embracing one 's hairstyle as the ultimate expression of their identity
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . London , England  VBS.TV  -- In April this year I embedded with the elite soldiers of the 2nd Battalion British Parachute Regiment at their training facility in Thetford , United Kingdom . We went there to film the British army 's much-talked-about , multimillion pound "  replica Afghanistan village . " The focus of the piece was to be on the younger members of the battalion . Some of them are as young as 18 and only months away from their first visit to Helmand province in September 2010 . The majority of British casualties are all recorded in that area . I 'd heard about the Afghan village training facility from an ex-Para turned photographer called Stuart Griffiths . A couple of years ago , Vice Magazine published a photo essay in which he visited the homes of badly injured soldiers returned from Iraq or Afghanistan . Perhaps more shocking than the horrific injuries the soldiers had sustained was the lack of support of these men from the British government of the time -- particularly those who suffered psychological problems as a result of combat shock . Stuart served his time in the Paras on tours of Northern Ireland in the late 80s to early 90s . But after being discharged he fell on hard times . He became homeless and spent a long time wandering the streets of London . He slept in cardboard boxes in doorways , often coming across fellow army veterans who faced a similar lack of support and sympathy from society , the government or the army . Happily , Stuart managed to get himself off the streets and , inspired by the stories of his fellow homeless veterans , became a campaigner of sorts for veterans rights , using his photography . His story and those of other ex-Paras is now available to watch in a moving British documentary called "  Isolation . " A week before we set off for the embed , I asked Stuart what kind of experience we were letting ourselves in for and he said : "  Not only are the Parachute Regiment Britain 's most elite soldiers , they are the most brutal of British troops . That means the rest of the British army are simply in awe of them . I would say around 90 per cent of the SAS  the British equivalent of the Special Forces  comes from the Paras . And so the troops you are going to be sleeping next to every night are some of the hardest men in the world . " "  Recently what 's happened is that many former veterans have had a "  call to arms " and returned to the forces again . Life in civvy  civilian  street has been a huge disappointment for many of these guys . Once you 've fought ` in-theater ' a number of times it 's really hard for you to come back and fit in with the hum-drum of modern life . Especially if you 're a Para . They miss the camaraderie and the discipline and the action that you get when you 're in combat . " See the rest of Afghanistan in the UK at VBS.TV "  When Afghanistan first kicked off , all three battalions of the Paras were sent straight there because of their reputation for violence and bravery . I remember it was in Helmand 2006 that Afghanistan became very hairy indeed . The Parachute Regiment were there when it became very intense and at the time a Member of Parliament called John Reid was quoted as saying , ` I 'd be quite happy that a single shot is not fired in Afghanistan . ' In reality the Parachute Regiment were firing off more rounds in Helmand than the entire Korean war ! " Grinning nervously , I asked him if there 's anything else I should know and he looked at me and said , "  They all drink rivers of lager . " Before we set off to meet the Paras , Stuart introduced us to a young man named Richard Dare who 'd been a private in the Royal Anglians . Richard had a significant part of his brain blown out of his head by a mortar attack and was slowly rehabilitating himself at his home in a small town near Leicestershire . Richard talked to us about his love for the army and for war . The severe injuries to his brain did n't seem to change his love for army life one iota . The more we spoke to him , the more we knew we had to include him in our film . But first we had to go meet the Paras . With the help of my co-producer Jason Mojica , we packed two small cameras into our bags and traveled to the middle of the British countryside to try and ingratiate ourselves with the most brutal soldiers in the whole of the British army . It all started off nice and civilized . We were met on the door by a dashing officer who arranged for a private to show us our room -- a basic little number in the middle of the barracks which , while not five star , would certainly meet our needs for the week . I remember feeling pretty pleased with ourselves that we 'd been given this amazing access , thinking we 'd have carte blanche to wander around and check out the comings and goings of the most elite units in the world . "  Ah , " we thought , "  This should be an informative and relaxing few days in the countryside . I do n't know what we were worried about at all . " Soon we were put in jeep , driven an hour-and-a-half away to a gloomy brick building in the middle of nowhere and told that the next time we slept in a bed would be in five days time . As we stepped out of the van about 200 Para troops stared at us with eyes that said : "  Who are these wimps ? " The dark fell fast . A cold wind started blowing and I suddenly realized we 'd left all our warm clothes in the barracks miles away . Then the sergeant major introduced himself and told us to get in line with the rest of the troops . And off we marched into the night .	VBS embeds with esteemed , aggressive British army unit Troops described as "  hardest men in the world , " "  most brutal " soldiers in army Training facility in English countryside modeled after Afghan village
Syrians began destroying their country 's chemical weapons program Sunday , according to an international team tasked with overseeing the effort . Syrian personnel are using "  cutting torches and angle grinders to destroy or disable a range of items , " a news release from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said Sunday . "  This included missile warheads , aerial bombs and mixing and filling equipment . " The OPCW team , which arrived in Damascus on Tuesday , "  are monitoring , verifying and reporting on Syria 's compliance with international demands to destroy chemical weapons stockpiles and production facilities , " the release said . Security Council OKs Syria resolution , warns of consequences "  The process will continue in the coming days , " it said . The inspectors plan to visit nearly 50 sites as part of the mission , the OPCW said . Some are not convinced the plan will work . A defected Syrian general told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday that the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad will never give up its chemical stockpile . "  The locations of most of the scientific research centers in Syria and the storage facilities are known and under surveillance , thus , he will give up those centers and facilities for sure without lying . That said , however , Bashar al-Assad will not give up the chemical stockpile , " said Syrian Brig. Gen. Zaher al-Sakat . Al-Sakat said that he defected from the Syrian military after he was ordered to use chemical agents . He said he swapped the chemicals out for something non-toxic to fool his commanders . The general said that in addition to four secret locations within Syria , the regime is currently transferring chemical weapons to Iraq and Lebanon , an allegation that the commander of the opposition Free Syrian Army , Gen. Salim Idriss , also recently made to Amanpour . Syrian foreign minister at U.N. General Assembly : ` There is no civil war ' Lebanon and Iraq denied the claims at the time , and CNN 's Barbara Starr reported that , if true , the claim would fundamentally shift the assessments of U.S. intelligence officials . The U.N. Security Council , capping a dramatic month of diplomacy , voted unanimously September 27 to require Syria to eliminate its arsenal of chemical weapons -- or face consequences . "  Today 's resolution will ensure that the elimination of the Syrian chemical weapons program happens as soon as possible and with the utmost transparency and accountability , " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said . The U.N. resolution was based on a deal struck this month between the United States and Russia that averted an American military strike over allegations the Syrian government used sarin nerve gas in an August 21 attack on a Damascus suburb . U.S. officials said it left at least 1,400 people dead . Refugees in their own country	"  Cutting torches and angle grinders " are being used to destroy the weapons "  Missile warheads , aerial bombs and mixing and filling equipment " are being destroyed A U.N. team is "  monitoring , verifying and reporting " on Syria 's compliance with a resolution "  The process will continue in the coming days , " the U.N. says
CNN  -- "  Saturday Night Live " was formed in the crucible of the mid-1970s , when Watergate brought respect for politicians to all-time lows , the counterculture was taking over comedy , and many television viewers were seeking out something fresh and bold . Fred Armisen played Barack Obama in a talked-about sketch Saturday night on "  Saturday Night Live . " It was a powerful combination -- and after 34 years , the combination of "  SNL " and politics can still strike sparks among political observers . The most recent example came this past weekend when Fred Armisen , as President Obama , chided "  those on the right " for saying that he was "  turning this great country into something that resembles the Soviet Union or Nazi Germany . " Not true , said Armisen as Obama . "  When you look at my record , " he said , "  it 's very clear what I 've done so far -- and that is nothing . " Watch the sketch -- and the reaction " The sketch has caused a rumble among the inside-the-Beltway chattering classes and New York news nabobs . Wrote Washington Post blogger Jonathan Capehart , "  When your ` friends ' start talking about you like this -- and friends with a huge megaphone and a feel for the national mood -- the White House should listen . " "  Humor with some truth in it is always dangerous . Make no mistake , a drumbeat of belittlement can damage a president , " added CNN political contributor Ed Rollins in a column . The White House had no comment when asked about the sketch by CNN . "  SNL " cast members were n't available for interviews , an NBC representative said . "  SNL " creator Lorne Michaels also turned down an interview request but has said the show does n't take sides . "  I think ` SNL 's ' role is , the moment they 're in power , we 're the opposition , " he told CNN 's Alina Cho last year . "  We 're not partisan . We 're not , you know , we 're not putting on anything that we do n't believe is funny . " Video gallery : "  SNL " takes on presidents through the years " The recent sketch is indicative of the end of Obama 's honeymoon , Syracuse University pop culture professor Robert Thompson says , but he does n't want to read more into it than that . "  Comedy is about going after the people in power , " he said . The president has also taken recent shots from "  The Daily Show " and "  Real Time with Bill Maher . " "  What this says is that the comedy-industrial complex has turned its sights on the reigning president of the United States , " he said . But , he added , "  I would n't put this into the meme category , " referring to concepts that travel so quickly they take on a life of their own , such as Tina Fey 's Sarah Palin sketches from last year . "  The -LSB- Obama -RSB- sketch was n't that funny . " Indeed , the show 's overall impact is often mixed , observes Slate columnist and Rutgers media studies professor David Greenberg . It can "  capture or intensify " a storyline that 's being passed through the news media , but the show is more a barometer that can change with events . "  It 's not incapable of influencing things , " he said , noting the show 's slash-and-burn '70s satire and Fey 's Palin parody . "  But since the early '80s , those moments are pretty rare . ... You 'll see good impersonations but not the underlying critique you had with , say , Dan Aykroyd as -LSB- Richard -RSB- Nixon . " Besides , he added , the Obama sketch may have titillated the politico-media crowd , but he wonders whether its impact went any wider . "  I 'm a political junkie , " he said , "  and this is the first I 've heard of it . " Indeed , the ratings for the episode were a far cry from last year 's Palin-fest -- from a 7.3 rating for the same week in 2008 , to 4.7 -- and the Armisen sketch did n't get the frenzied online dispersion the Palin sketches did . iReport.com : ` SNL ' wo n't hurt Obama However , Obama should be concerned about one thing , observes Thompson . In general , "  SNL " mocked previous presidents ' personal characteristics , such as Clinton 's outsized appetites or George W. Bush 's struggles with spoken English . With Obama -- who lacks the same kind of easily caricatured traits , Thompson says -- the show went after his record . "  In some ways , " Thompson said , "  he 's vulnerable to more serious damage . "	Recent "  Saturday Night Live " sketch attacked President Obama Political pundits , media seized on sketch as meaningful It marks end of honeymoon , one observer says , but probably not much more "  SNL " can "  intensify " storylines but is mostly a barometer , says expert
London  CNN  -- Britain 's Home Secretary Theresa May has signed an order for British businessman Shrien Dewani 's extradition to South Africa , the Home Office said in a statement on Wednesday . Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife , Anni Dewani , 28 , during a taxi ride in Cape Town , South Africa , while the couple was on honeymoon last November . Dewani now has 14 days to appeal to the High Court in an effort to overturn the decision of the district judge and the Home Secretary , the Home Office said . The businessman , from Bristol , has said his wife was the victim of a carjacking and denies any involvement in the killing . Taxi driver Zola Tongo has confessed that he hired two men to kill Anni Dewani in November last year . In a plea deal with South African authorities , he said he was paid by Shrien Dewani to carry out the hit and to make it look like the two were the victims of a car hijacking as they were driving through a township on the edge of Cape Town . A court in London ruled last month that Dewani could be extradited to South Africa to face trial . May signed the order on Monday . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	Shrien Dewani is accused of hiring hitmen to kill his wife on their honeymoon She was shot during a taxi ride in Cape Town , South Africa Dewani denies any involvement in the killing
CNN  -- Ferrari have unveiled their new car , the F10 , which the Italian manufacturer hopes will see them return to the front of the Formula One grid . Last season saw Ferrari struggle to keep up with Brawn GP , McLaren and Red Bull and team boss Stefano Domenicali told the BBC that he believes the new car will be far more competitive than the 2009 version . "  We are coming off a season that was not competitive and this should mark a turning point . We want to win the world title once again , " said Domeniciali . Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso 's move to Ferrari was one of Formula One 's worse-kept secrets but , now his move has been confirmed , the Spaniard admits he can not wait to get started . "  This is my first presentation with a Ferrari and it 's very exciting , " he told the official Ferrari Web site . "  I want to thank the team for their great work , but also the sponsors and everybody else . " Alonso will partner Brazilian Felipe Massa , who has now fully recovered from his life-threatening crash in Hungary last July , and chairman Luca Cordero di Montezemolo believes both drivers will compliment each other superbly . "  They know how to race for a team and not for themselves . I 'm expecting a lot from them . Felipe is strong , stronger than he has ever been . In Budapest I told him : ` you 'll be back even stronger " and he has . " Formula One rules changes have been taken into account when constructing the new F10 and Luca Marmorini , head of engine and electronics , commented : "  From a technical point of view reducing the consumption was one of the most interesting things this year . Consumption means performance . "  There wo n't be any refuelling anymore so consuming less means less petrol on board and therefore better lap times . Whoever consumes less will be faster on the track . "	Ferrari unveil their new car , the F10 , for the 2010 Formula One season The Italian manufacturer hopes the car will see them return to the front of the grid Two-time world champion Fernando Alonso partners Felipe Massa this season
CNN  -- It 's something the world 's two leading female tennis players have in common , and it 's not the grand slam titles both Wimbledon top seed Maria Sharapova and No. 2 Victoria Azarenka have to their names . Both stars have earned reputations as grunters , with Sharapova 's screams puncturing the usual calm of London 's All England Club on day one of the annual grass-court grand slam . But tennis ' rule makers have set in motion a chain of actions which could make baseline bellows a thing of the past , including the introduction of a device to monitor on-court noise levels and possible steps to sanction excessive shouts . Death of a tennis art : Is this the end for serve and volley ? "  The WTA , ITF , and grand slams aim to drive excessive grunting out of the game , while ensuring that we do not drive our current generation of players -- who were taught to play this way -- out of the game , " read a WTA statement . "  This is a start of a sport-wide plan responsibly dealing with the issue through player education and objective rule changes . " While the body which governs women 's tennis is eager to eradicate unnecessary shrieks , the organization is also cautious of negatively impacting current stars whose games have developed in a certain manner . "  It 's time for us to drive excessive grunting out of the game for future generations , " WTA CEO Stacey Allaster told USA Today . "  What is clear from experts is that it would have a clear , damaging effect on performance of the existing generation . "  It 's going to take some time . I do n't want to get ahead of ourselves because it 's a collective effort of the sport and we need everyone to buy in . " Allaster said significant research needs to be conducted before any rule on noise could be formally introduced , and she stopped short of describing the device , which is still in development , as a "  grunt-o-meter . " "  The bottom line is that we want to bring forward across all levels of competition an objective rule through use of technology to make it much easier for athletes and chair umpires , " she said . "  What is too loud ? What is too long ? We need to give the official an objective measurement tool . "  Can you imagine on a critical point an umpire going , ` Oh , I thought you were too loud . ' You have to take all of that out of the equation . It 's not fair to athletes , the chair or the sport . "	The sound of grunting is common in women 's tennis The WTA is tackling the problem with coaching and is considering further steps A device which measures on-court noise could be introduced in the future World No. 1 Maria Sharapova is famous for her loud shrieks during matches
Washington  CNN  -- Thirty to 40 years ago , when arcade and console games were primitive and parents condemned them as a new threat to their children 's schooling , it was probably hard to imagine one of America 's leading museums embracing video games as an artform . Fast forward to 2012 , and many parents are still trying to limit their kids ' gaming hours . But video games themselves are increasingly ambitious , interactive and artistically complex -- an evolution celebrated in a new show at the Smithsonian American Art Museum . The exhibition , "  The Art of Video Games , " explores 40 years of video games as cultural artifacts . It features interactive games people can actually play , pieces of gaming memorabilia and visual displays that highlight the artistic work done by developers . And as the first such exhibition to appear in a major museum , it 's been a huge hit . Museum officials said their opening last month drew nearly 23,000 people , putting it in the top five highest visitation days ever . Chris Melissinos , guest curator of the exhibition , believes the timing is right because the current generation of museum-goers have grown up with video games . "  The exhibit will highlight the games they grew up with , and in a way , tell the story of their lives , " he said . "  People will see a game or artwork and remember what they were doing when that game was in their life . " From ` Pac-Man ' to ` Flower ' Based on the response from the crowds that packed the museum opening weekend , Melissinos may be right . Many visitors seemed thrilled at the chance to relive bits of nostalgia from their youth . "  I thought it was pretty neat to watch the evolution of games , " said Kim , a woman from Columbus , Ohio , who declined to give her last name . "  I grew up playing ` Frogger ' on the Atari but got away from games until my son started playing . " "  We got our first Nintendo when he -LSB- son Jimmy -RSB- was 6 months old , " said Barbara of southern Maryland , who also did n't give her full name . "  The old stuff has an artistic feel to it when you look at where games are now . It brings back a lot of memories for me about when my kids were growing up . " "  I thought it was amazing , " said Jimmy , now 21 . "  People will be able to come to the Smithsonian and still learn about video games and see the beauty in them . " The exhibit includes five playable games , from dot-chompin ' arcade classic "  Pac-Man " to 2009 's "  Flower , " a conceptual game in which players spread positive energy by blowing a flower petal through the air . One of its major pieces is a display of 20 different video game consoles throughout the years . From the Atari 2600 to the PlayStation 3 , each display features four games that were voted on by fans around the world as the best representatives for that console . Developers ' reaction Most game developers contacted by CNN were excited about being recognized for what they 've been doing most of their lives . While the question of "  video games as art " sparks debate in some circles , game makers agree that raising the level of discussion to include the Smithsonian is a welcome event . "  Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves " was one of the games honored for the PS3 console . Amy Hennig , creative director for the game , said the question of whether video games belong in an art museum is irrelevant . "  Of course they are -LSB- art -RSB- . It 's just another medium . It 's just interactive , " she said . "  To see such a mainstream recognition of our medium , I mean , it really is the first time that that 's happened . I think that 's a huge cultural event and hugely gratifying . " But the idea that being in the Smithsonian somehow legitimizes the work of the video game industry does n't sit well with Irrational Games creative director Ken Levine . "  I could n't care less , " he said . "  It 's nice . It 's great to see it at a museum . But , it does n't mean to me a lot . It does n't mean anything in terms of a paradigm shift . " Levine said the Smithsonian just adds a new voice to the already burgeoning discussion about games taking place over the Internet in recent years . "  There is probably more conversation about games ... than there was in 500 years of landscape painting , " he said . He believes the exhibit may raise the level of games in the eyes of people who overlook how important video games are to our culture and society . "  The more places we can talk about what we do , the better , " Levine said . "  We are a ghettoized industry in the sense that ... we 're not on ` The Tonight Show . ' Even though guys like ` Call of Duty ' are going to sell 25 million copies of their game -- they 're not on . " The nature of art In discussing the exhibition , gamers and developers agree that video games are similar to other forms of art in that they 're not complete until experienced by someone . Every person reacts to an artwork differently , lending it meanings that even its creator did n't intend . Given their interactive nature , this may be especially true of video games , Levine said . " -LSB- Art -RSB- has no life outside of being viewed . Like the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle , it changes every time it is viewed . That 's what 's wonderful about it . It 's entirely subjective , " he said . "  It is , by nature , somebody enforcing their creative will on you . That 's what being a viewer is . Part of the joy of experiencing art is surrendering yourself to it . Sometimes , it is a good experience and sometimes , it is not . " The "  Art of Video Games " exhibition runs through September 30 .	A new Smithsonian exhibition explores 40 years of video games as art The show 's opening drew nearly 23,000 visitors , one of the museum 's busiest days ever One room showcases 20 different video game consoles throughout the years The "  Art of Video Games " exhibition runs through September 30
CNN  -- The fiscal cliff is hours away . And Americans are angry . Across the country , millions are fed up with a Congress that seems unable to get some important things done . "  We need Congress to represent the people , not two arrogant parties that ca n't see middle ground , " Garry Benner says . "  Nowhere else in this country can you get paid for ... years and not do your job , " Tom Jeffries says . By posting their views on Facebook , Benner and Jeffries joined a growing chorus of millions who are venting through social media . Forget 2013 ; nation is counting down to fiscal cliff The messages , which include videos sent to CNN iReport , are "  so useful , because the people in Washington need to hear from the everyday American , " says Ana Navarro , a Republican strategist and CNN contributor . Some are furious with Republicans for fighting against allowing tax breaks for the nation 's wealthiest to expire , despite an election that made clear that a majority of Americans support the idea . "  Asking Republicans to give up money is like asking the sun for water in the desert , " Thomas Hannsz complains . Others say Democrats and President Obama are n't doing enough to cut spending . "  We need to cut entitlements & spending & get people off " government reliance , Candria Crisp writes . One of the most striking , and disheartening , iReports comes from Shannen Bazzi , an 18-year-old student of international affairs at George Washington University . Latest updates : Final fiscal cliff scramble "  My New Year 's message to Washington is that this entire fiscal cliff problem is n't just an isolated incident . It 's representative of how partisanship and polarization have taken over Congress , " she says . "  i used to be excited for the future , but I do n't want to live in a country that does n't have a successful working  legislature  . Congress , it 's time for you to remember what your purpose really is and get back to doing your job . " What she 's seeing from Washington "  has almost turned me off from that field of work , " Bazzi says . "  Congress is not only jeopardizing our economy , it 's also jeopardizing faith in our government in general . " Fellow iReporter Vernon Hill is among the many not mincing words . "  My new year 's message to Washington is to grow up , act like adults , do your jobs or resign immediately . We are tired of your being useless and refusing to do your jobs . " Valerie Stayskal called on Washington to put "  partisanship aside " in the new year and work on behalf of the country , "  fixing this mess that you have gotten us into . And bring a balanced budget to the table to grow this economy for the long term and not the short term . " Read more : Sticking points in fiscal cliff talks But some people think the cliff is n't something to be avoided at all . "  Let 's go over it , " Adam Chance Campbell argued on Facebook . "  It 's long overdue and we need several more just like it . It 's my firm belief that certain politicians have no interest in ` solving ' the fiscal cliff issue , as it is the easiest way of implementing long overdue cuts without the endless Congressional committees and squabbles . " Some made similar arguments on Twitter . But by and large , the tweets -- which helped make "  Congress " the top trending topic on Twitter for a time Sunday -- are about frustration . What 's your message to Washington ? Send an iReport , post in the comments below , or join the conversations on Facebook and Twitter . Read more : What if there is no deal ?	Americans are using social media to vent anger about the fiscal cliff Most want it avoided , but some want the U.S. to "  go over " the cliff The social media messages let Washington hear from everyday people , GOP strategist says An 18-year-old says the fiscal cliff has almost led her to give up hopes of serving in government
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. John McCain , the Republican presidential candidate in 2008 , took aim Sunday at the field of contenders for the 2012 GOP nomination , accusing them of "  isolationism . " "  We can not repeat the lessons of the 1930s , when the United States of America stood by while bad things happened in the world , " McCain said in an interview with ABC 's "  This Week . " Citing what he viewed as the GOP presidential hopefuls ' positions in general on both Libya and Afghanistan , McCain said , "  We are the lead nation in the world , and America matters , and we must lead . But sometimes that leadership entails sacrifice , sadly . " Asked about a threat by House Speaker John Boehner to consider cutting funding for U.S. involvement in the NATO-led military mission , McCain , R-Arizona , responded , "  I was more concerned about what the candidates in New Hampshire the other night said , " referring to a CNN debate among seven people seeking the Republican presidential nomination . "  This is isolationism , " McCain said . "  There 's always been an isolationist strain in the Republican Party , the Pat Buchanan wing of our party . But now it seems to have moved more center stage , so to speak . " If former President Ronald Reagan had watched the debate , McCain said , he "  would be saying that 's not the Republican Party of the 20th century and now the 21st century . That is not the Republican Party that has been willing to stand up for freedom " for people all over the world . A bipartisan group of 10 lawmakers has filed suit against the Obama administration , alleging that continuing the U.S. military involvement in Libya without Congressional approval violates the War Powers Resolution . The Obama administration denies any violation . McCain said every president has disagreed with the constitutionality of the War Powers Resolution , "  but they have adhered to it . " "  So the Congress of the United States should pass a resolution -- and Senator John Kerry  D-Massachusetts  and I have the resolution that 's ready to go -- that would comply with the War Powers Act , " McCain said . Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi "  was at the gates of Benghazi , " McCain said . "  He said he was going to go house to house to kill everybody . That 's a city of 700,000 people . What would we be saying now if we had allowed for that to happen ? " Citing the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 and a 1986 Libyan sponsored bombing of a German disco frequented by U.S. soldiers , McCain said Gadhafi has Americans ' blood "  on his hands . " "  If Gadhafi remains in power , it 's clear that you will see him engage in an escalated effort , of course , to harm the United States of America , obviously , " he said . McCain was equally adamant that the U.S. mission in Afghanistan must continue . "  We abandoned Afghanistan once , and we paid a very heavy price for it in the attacks of 9/11 , " he said . "  So that is an important lesson that we must learn . " In the CNN debate , former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , currently leading the pack of GOP hopefuls in polls , said "  it 's time for us to bring our troops home as soon as we possibly can , consistent with the word that comes from our generals that we can hand the country over . " McCain took issue with that . "  I wish that candidate Romney and all the others would sit down " with General David Petraeus , commander of the war in Afghanistan , "  and understand how this counterinsurgency is working and succeeding , " McCain said .	NEW : McCain : If Gadhafi remains in power , he will try to harm the United States NEW : The Afghanistan campaign is succeeding , McCain tells GOP contenders McCain : "  We can not repeat the lessons of the 1930s " Reagan would say this is not his Republican Party , McCain contends
CNN  -- Carlos Tevez may have escaped the clutches of the Premier League by joining Italian giant Juventus -- but the long arm of the law could yet bring the striker back to English shores . Tevez , who completed his $ 13 million move from Manchester City to the Serie A champion Thursday , has yet to complete his community service in England according to sources close to the case . The Argentina international avoided jail last March after pleading guilty to the charge of driving while disqualified and accepted the punishment of 250 hours of community service and a $ 1,500 fine . While the exact number of hours owed by Tevez has not been made public , he must complete his punishment within the 12 months of it being handed out . Community service punishments in the United Kingdom range from 40 hours to 300 -- with a minimum of seven hours per week being served . A Probation Service spokesperson told CNN : "  We do not comment on individuals . "  Offenders must serve the sentences handed down to them by the courts . Anyone who fails to do so will have action taken against them . " CNN also contacted BCL Burton Copeland , the firm which represented Tevez at his trial , but it refused to comment on the matter . Meanwhile , Tevez revealed his delight Thursday at being handed the iconic number 10 shirt following the completion of his move to Turin . Tevez will follow in the footsteps of Bianconeri legends Michel Platini , Roberto Baggio and most recently , Alessandro Del Piero . "  I 'm absolutely aware of the great effort Juventus Football Club has made to bring me here , " he told reporters . "  I feel the responsibility of wearing this number and I am aware of the great responsibility of representing Juventus and playing for the club . This number is certainly a great challenge . "  Top players have worn it before and I was number 10 with Boca  Juniors  before , and  Diego  Maradona played in it too , so the great responsibility is now that I 'm going to play in this great club . So certainly the greatest challenge is to do my best . "  Obviously I did n't want to forget Del Piero , who was the last player to wear number 10 . He is a person and player that I greatly respect and who certainly represents an emblem and symbol of esteem . "  It is a great pleasure and honor to wear this jersey with his number . " Tevez 's move to Italy brings an eventful seven-year spell in England where he played for West Ham , Manchester United and Manchester City . He endured a turbulent time at City after being exiled for six months by former manager Roberto Mancini following his refusal to warm up during a Champions League clash at Bayern Munich in 2011 . Mancini 's departure at the end of last season failed to persuade Tevez from seeking pastures new -- although he denies that he turned down a move to AC Milan following claims by the club 's vice-president Adriano Galliani . "  I want to be very clear and honest , " he said . "  I 've only talked to Galliani a couple of times in my life , " said Tevez . "  The last time was last year when there was an intention to bring me to AC Milan but I do n't know why he has said such a thing . "  Today I 'm here and that 's what matters , I 'm very happy to be here . " Isco Elsewhere , new Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti completed his first signing since taking over from Jose Mourinho with the acquisition of Spain under-21 and Malaga star Isco . Isco was a stand out star for the Spain under-21 team which retained the European Championship in Israel , scoring three goals following a stunning season with Malaga . "  Real Madrid incorporates a new project with one of the best Spanish football players , " the club said in a statement . "  Francisco Roman Alarcon - Isco - plays at the Bernabeu for the next five seasons . " The 21-year-old midfielder scored 12 goals in 45 appearances last season and made his full international debut against Uruguay last February . "  Imagination and speed are some of the qualities that define this midfielder ... a recent champion with Spain at Euro Under-21 and at age 21 already capped by the senior team , " Madrid 's statement added . " -LSB- He is -RSB- a player with enviable technical quality , chutzpah and imagination . "	Carlos Tevez has completed his $ 13million move to Juventus from Manchester City Tevez has signed a three-year deal with the Serie A champion Real Madrid has confirmed the signing of Spain under-21 and Malaga star Isco Midfielder has signed a five-year deal and becomes Carlo Ancelotti 's first signing
CNN  -- A typhoon that left at least 18 people dead and thousands displaced in the Philippines was expected to move offshore Wednesday afternoon , the state-run Philippines News Agency reported early Wednesday . A baby boy was among the dead after Typhoon Nesat -- referred to in the Philippines as Pedring -- slammed into the Philippines Tuesday , Philippine authorities said . Four people were reported killed in Metro Manila , two in Central Luzon , and one in Catanduanes , the Office of Civil Defense said . Three more were reported injured and four were missing as of Tuesday afternoon . Pedring , struck the agricultural provinces of Isabela and Aurora the hardest . But storm alerts were also issued for more than 40 other areas , including Metro Manila , the state weather bureau Philippine Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration  PAGASA  said . More than 64,000 people have been affected by the typhoon , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council  NDRRMC  said , with several thousand families now being helped in evacuation centers . More than 100 people have been rescued across the country , the NDRRMC said , many of them from boats . In Albay , in southern Luzon , more than 3,000 people were affected , the state-run news agency said early Wednesday . The storm was centered about 300 kilometers  186 miles  northwest of Baguio City , in northwestern Luzon , the state-run news agency said , citing PAGASA . As of 6 a.m. Wednesday , PAGASA said , Pedring had maximum sustained winds of 120 kph  75 mph  near the center , with gusts of up to 150 kph  93 mph  and was forecast to move west-northwest at 19 kph . On Tuesday , weather officials said the storm was packing top winds of 140 kph  87 mph  . The presidential palace announced the suspension of all classes for schools and work for government agencies in Manila and other affected areas . The Philippine Stock Exchange also suspended trading . Some roads around Manila were impassable due to flooding and falling debris , including branches that had been ripped off trees . Several areas in Metro Manila and nearby provinces were without electricity as the powerful storm cut power and transmission lines . DJ Santa Ana , head of news operations at TV5 in Manila , told CNN it was likely to take some time to restore the power supply in major parts of Metro Manila . Santa Ana said people in the capital remained calm as the rain kept coming down , although one part of eastern Manila had to be evacuated because of flooding . Between a half-inch to 1 inch of rain an hour is forecast within the 650 km diameter of the typhoon , state forecasters said . CNN iReporter Sherbien Dacalanio said power was out in some parts of Quezon City for hours . Several restaurants had to close down because of the high winds and many people did not venture out . Dacalanio said the winds had uprooted street lights and brought down trees and road signs , but that luckily there was no flooding near his home . At least 46 domestic flights were canceled and six international flights were delayed due to the storm , aviation officials said . Journalist Arlene Espiritu contributed to this report	NEW : Storm expected to move offshore in the afternoon , state news agency says NEW : Sustained winds are 120 kph , with gusts of 150 kph Typhoon Nesat , known in the Philippines as Pedring , struck early Tuesday More than 64,000 people are affected by the typhoon , disaster officials say
CNN  -- Fifteen patients have been hospitalized in Texas after getting calcium gluconate injections , according to the Food and Drug Administration . The FDA has issued a national voluntary now for all sterile-use products produced by Specialty Compounding LLC , based in Cedar Park , Texas . What is a compounding facility ? The people hospitalized have a bacterial infection in their blood , and doctors think it might have come from the injection . A culture taken from a sample of this injection shows bacterial growth that is consistent with a Rhodococcus species  PDF  of bacteria , according to the FDA . "  The FDA believes that use of these products would create an unacceptable risk for patients , " said Dr. Janet Woodcock , the FDA 's director for drug evaluation and research . "  Giving a patient a contaminated injectable drug could result in a life-threatening infection . " Compounding pharmacists customize medications to fit an individual 's needs . Doctors prescribe these custom medications when the manufactured drug wo n't work -- for example , when a dosage is too large , or a patient has an allergy to a dye or ingredient in the original product . Calcium gluconate infusions are typically given to people with a calcium deficiency or high potassium levels . People with low calcium levels have an increased risk for osteoporosis and bone fractures . High potassium levels in the bloodstream can lead to cardiac arrest and death . The FDA says that none of the sterile-use products from the facility should be used . The company told the FDA that its products have been distributed directly to patients in every state except North Carolina . They 've also been sent to hospitals and doctor 's offices in Texas . The FDA and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will continue to investigate just how far the potentially contaminated materials have spread . Over the past year , the FDA has stepped up its investigations of compounding facilities after dozens of people died and hundreds more were made sick by contaminated injections from a compounding facility in Massachusetts . A bill with bipartisan support is under consideration in Congress : The Pharmaceutical Compounding Quality and Accountability Act would step up some of that regulation . A federal investigation  PDF  by the Government Accountability Office , which released a report in July , found a "  lack of consensus " about who was actually supposed to regulate these facilities and , because of that , a serious gap in oversight and inspections . Before the recent deaths , the FDA did not inspect the compounding facilities unless it got complaints or reports of adverse events . Compounded drugs make up about 1 % to 3 % of the U.S. prescription drug market .	FDA issues voluntary recall for all products made by Specialty Compounding LLC 15 people are hospitalized after getting calcium gluconate infusions A federal investigation found serious lack of oversight of compounding facilities
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah , considered Hezbollah 's first spiritual leader , has died , his office told CNN Sunday . According to Hezbollah 's website , Fadlallah will be buried Tuesday after the noon prayer at Beirut 's al-Imamain al-Hassanein mosque in the capital 's Shiite-dominated southern neighborhood . Two days ago , a source in his office told CNN that Fadlallah had been hospitalized in Lebanon and was in "  critical condition . " The hospitalization came after widespread rumors that the Shiite leader may not live much longer . Lebanese Prime Minister Saad Hariri called Fadlallah a "  great national and spiritual scholar . " "  He was at all times and circumstances the voice of moderation , calling for the unity of Lebanese in particular and the Muslims in general , rejecting -- and issuing religious edicts against -- strife , and calling for dialogue as a mean to resolve differences , " Hariri said . "  He taught us to be a people of dialogue and to reject injustice and resist occupation , " Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah said in a statement Sunday . Fadlallah was born in 1935 in the Shiite holy city of Najaf , Iraq , and completed his Quranic studies there , according to his website . He has lived in Lebanon since the 1960s and became a spiritual leader of Hezbollah after it was founded in 1982 in response to an Israeli invasion . In recent years , however , Fadlallah had become distanced from Hezbollah 's Iran-influenced leadership . "  He stood with great courage and clarity supporting the resistance against the Zionist enemy and was a prominent advocate of Islamic unity fighting division and strife , " Hezbollah said in a statement . His views on various topics , including the role of women , are laid out on his website and are considered liberal for a Shiite cleric . But he never swayed from his criticism of Israel . In a letter penned to President Barack Obama last year , Fadlallah said : "  The size of support and cover-up provided by your country for the Zionist entity has become known . This entity was established on the land whose people were uprooted by the power of iron and fire . The subsequent American policies have contributed to the loss of the Palestinian cause , despite the ratification of many Security Council resolutions . " The United States considers Hezbollah , which has close ties to Iran and Syria , a terrorist organization . The Shiite group is a major provider of social services in Lebanon but also operates a militant wing . CNN 's Nada Husseini contributed to this report .	Ayatollah Fadlallah to be buried Tuesday Lebanese PM : Fadlallah was "  a great national and spiritual scholar " Hezbollah : He was a "  prominent advocate of Islamic unity " He was closely associated with Hezbollah when it formed almost 30 years ago
London  CNN  -- Twenty-four people were arrested Wednesday during a London student protest over increased tuition fees , authorities said . The arrests were made on suspicion of public order offenses ; offensive weapons ; breaching the peace ; being masked ; and "  going equipped , " or possessing equipment used for a criminal purpose , London 's Metropolitan police said . The protest was expected to involve thousands of demonstrators in central London . About 4,000 officers were deployed , and authorities said they were ready to use rubber bullets on protesters if violence broke out . "  We 're always concerned there will be trouble , " Simon Pountain , Metropolitan police commander , said before the protest . "  It would be remiss of me not to have dealt with that in my planning for the event to make sure that I 've got sufficient resources on duty to be able to deal with any eventuality . That 's why I 've got 4,000 officers available ... we 'll be able to deal with any of those issues if they do arise . You 've seen in previous protests where things can escalate and disorder can arise . " CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	The protest is over increased tuition fees Thousands of students were expected to attend , authorities say Police deploy 4,000 officers in central London
Jerusalem  CNN  -- An inmate who died in an Israeli prison was "  found hanging in the shower of his security cell , " a court document released Tuesday said , the latest detail to filter out of Israel in what has become known as the "  Prisoner X " case . Read more : Israel to investigate arrest , death of ` Prisoner X ' The news emerged after an Israeli court lifted part of a gag order on the case . The document detailing the manner of death said that a sheet connected to the window of a bathroom was tied around his throat . The case has stirred interest across the world . The fate of the man dubbed "  Prisoner X " is now the subject of an investigation by Israel 's parliament . Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu pleaded over the weekend for details to be kept quiet , warning "  overexposure of security and intelligence activity " could harm Israel 's security . Israel 's ` Prisoner X ' : Death of man with alleged spy agency links The Australian Broadcasting Corporation has identified the prisoner as Ben Zygier , an Australian-Israeli dual citizen . It reported Tuesday that he had reported "  every aspect of his work " for the Mossad , Israel 's spy agency , to the Australian Security Intelligence Organization . Zygier reportedly committed suicide in Israel 's Ayalon Prison in December 2010 , about 10 months after his arrest , according to ABC . His incarceration was a state secret , and Israel has never confirmed the prisoner 's name or how he died . ABC , citing unnamed sources , reported Tuesday that Zygier gave Australia "  comprehensive detail about a number of Mossad operations , including plans for a top-secret mission in Italy that had been years in the making . " Zygier helped Mossad set up a European communications company that sold electronics to Arab countries and Iran , according to the network . He met with Australian intelligence during a trip back to Australia , ABC reported . It was n't clear who approached whom -- but ABC said it "  believes " Zygier was arrested after Mossad discovered his contact with ASIO , fearing he had given up Israeli secrets . In a statement Tuesday , Netanyahu 's office stressed that Zygier "  never had any connection with the security and organizational services of Australia . " "  Between Israel and all its organizations and between Australia and the Australian Security services , there is excellent cooperation , full coordination and full transparency about all the subjects on the agenda , " the prime minister 's office said . It 's the first time the Israeli government has identified "  Prisoner X " by his real name .	NEW : Zygier "  never had any connection " with Australian security services , Israel 's PM says Israel 's parliament is investigating the case , Netanyahu urges quiet Australian TV says Zygier is an Australian-Israeli dual citizen
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Millions of people suddenly lost power Sunday night around the island of Cuba -- including all of Havana . More than 2 million residents of the capital were in the dark late Sunday , except for those at hospitals and elsewhere with generators , according to a government spokesman , who was not identified per government policy . The streets of Havana lost electricity around 8 p.m. Residents elsewhere around the Caribbean nation -- including in Ciego de Avila to the east of Havana , and west to Pinar del Rio -- also told CNN they did n't have any power , except for a few pockets of light . "  Western Cuba is without power , " a pro-government blogger known as Yohandry Fontana tweeted . Power outages are hardly unprecedented in Cuba , which has an aging power grid . But while brief outages concentrated in a small area are common -- unless , of course , a big storm passes through -- a massive outage on this scale is rare . There was no official explanation for Sunday 's outage , according to the government spokesman and state media reports . Weather reports for Havana indicated partly cloudy conditions on Sunday night with temperatures in the high 70s . Temperatures were forecast to hover around 90 degrees Fahreinheit on Monday , according to multiple sources .	NEW : "  Western Cuba is without power , " a pro-government blogger says Residents in Havana and elsewhere in Cuba suddenly lost power around 8 p.m. A government spokesman says Havana is in the dark , except those with generators Residents elsewhere on the island say they have no power , though some do
CNN  -- In the current nationwide series of Veterans Administration scandals , the real focus has to be on rethinking the system that is failing to serve our veterans and their families . I strongly favor Secretary Eric Shinseki resigning or being fired . He has clearly failed to lead and manage this vast bureaucracy . There are too many problems in too many places for him to remain as secretary . No one should believe , however , that simply replacing the secretary with a new person will solve the Veterans Administration 's problems . Scapegoating one or even a team of senior leaders will produce only marginal results and ultimately be drowned out by an enormous bureaucracy . The real challenges in developing a 21st century Veterans Administration are challenges of systemic reform that go far beyond any single person or even a new senior leadership team . The VA is a classic example of the principle W. Edwards Deming , the father of the quality movement , was trying to communicate with his red bead experiment . Deming had a bin full of mixed red and white beads . The goal was for workers to obtain only white beads , but he required them to scoop a random assortment blindly from the bin . Of course , they always came up with red beads as well as white beads . The experiment illustrated the point that organizations fail when the systems are bad , even if the workers are willing . Trying to fix the VA by replacing the secretary but not the whole system is like trying to obtain white beads by replacing the person dipping blindly into the bin . In private industry , businesses have used information and communications technologies to create highly reliable , efficient , personalized , and instantaneous new systems . The ATM is a good example . Anywhere in the world you can walk up to an ATM , stick in your card , and within seconds get cash from your bank account . There is no bank teller involved . There are no business hours involved . At most banks even deposit slips are a thing of the past . Government bureaucracies like the VA have seen little innovation . In many cases they have gotten worse as more layers of bureaucracy grow on top of the existing systems . The VA may be the best place to start applying breakout thinking because of the scale of its bureaucracy and the scale of its problems . The VA workforce is larger than the Marine Corps . More than 314,000 work full time for the VA compared to 202,000 in the Marine Corps  potentially shrinking to 150,000 -- at which point there would be half as many Marines as VA bureaucrats  . The VA treats some six million veterans a year at more than 1,400 different sites including hospitals , clinics , nursing homes , etc. . In 2013 there were nearly nine million veterans enrolled -- or better than one out of every three veterans in the United States . Just the size of the VA training system is enormous . According to the VA , it helps train 90,000 health professionals every year in its medical centers . Over 50 percent of all American physicians have had some training in the VA system . The scale of VA bureaucracy has grown dramatically . Between 2006 and 2013 , the number of full-time employees jumped more than 40 percent , from 220,000 to 314,000 . Yet with 94,000 additional government employees , the system has not been able to match the private sector 's standard of care . Consider the issue of waiting times for treatments . The national average waiting time in an emergency room is 26 minutes . At VA facilities , veterans wait twice that time on average and that understates the problem in especially mismanaged sites . The Washington Times reports : "  A recent inspector general investigation of a VA facility in Las Vegas found that up to 25 percent of patients experienced a length of stay of more than six hours on all but one of the days in a week monitored ... "  During a 2011 investigation , the watchdog found that a majority of ER patients had an average length of stay exceeding nine hours at a facility in Memphis , Tennessee , and roughly 27 percent of veterans spent over six hours in the emergency room . " This means that one out of four veterans in those sites was experiencing a wait more than 12 times longer than the national average . That is a systems problem , not a scapegoat problem . Simply firing a couple of managers without replacing systems , structures and culture will not solve systemic problems . Waiting times are just the tip of an extraordinarily large iceberg . This map shows the serious problems at VA centers around the country . We are finding new issues to add to the map every day . Compounding the VA challenge is the fact that it has to be considered in combination with the Department of Defense 's Military Health System , which serves nearly 10 million people at a cost of more than $ 50 billion a year . Every effort to integrate Department of Defense and VA medical record systems has failed . The result has been an absurd process of transitioning from active duty health services to VA health services . At a time when you can instantly make airline and hotel reservations or get money from an ATM worldwide in seconds , it takes 175 days to transition a veteran 's care from the Defense Department to the Department of Veterans Affairs . The DoD and VA spent $ 1.3 billion to build a joint electronic medical record system for their health care services before the two secretaries announced in February that they were abandoning the effort . This is on top of the over $ 2 billion the Defense Department has spent on a failed upgrade to its own electronic medical system . In other words , even though military health costs are growing rapidly and taking up more and more of the DoD budget , the Department is failing to modernize its system and to integrate it with the VA. . But this is where the solution for the MHS and the VA must begin . Sadly , this dysfunction is not new . Anyone upset at today 's Veterans Administration should consider the founding of the Veterans Bureau in 1921 and take comfort that the admittedly appalling corruption or mismanagement we see today pales in comparison to that which marked the first two years of the original Veterans Bureau . The first director , Charles Forbes , hired tens of thousands of bureaucrats . Many were cronies or patronage positions . They did such a bad job that fewer than 50,000 veterans were getting help out of more than 200,000 wounded veterans from World War I. Forbes stole hundreds of thousands of dollars of taxpayer money As the scandal broke , President Harding summoned Forbes to the White House and "  took him by the neck and shook Forbes ` as a dog would a rat , ' " as Amity Shlaes writes in her book "  Coolidge , " ending the tenure of the first director of the modern Veterans Administration . Appropriately , Forbes wound up in jail for this corruption . We can take some comfort that for all its current problems the system is vastly more honest and accountable than it was in 1921 . Now we have to have the courage to develop a system worthy of our veterans , our active duty military and their families for 2021 and beyond .	Newt Gingrich : VA secretary should quit , but replacing him is n't the solution He says the VA is so enormous and so inadequate that it requires a systems change All efforts to integrate its systems with the Defense Dept. have failed , he says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan has indefinitely blocked travel for convoys , carrying food and military supplies to U.S. troops in Afghanistan , through a key mountain pass . Armed militants pose next to a captured armored vehicle near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border . But in a statement , the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan said , "  We do not expect any impact on ISAF 's ability to carry out operations . " The decision to suspend travel through the Khyber Pass in northwest Pakistan was taken due to security concerns , said Gula Jan , a security official in Khyber Agency , on Sunday . The mountain pass links Pakistan to its neighbor , Afghanistan . It is in the Khyber Agency , one of seven semiautonomous tribal agencies along the Afghan border . Because Afghanistan is landlocked , many supplies for NATO-led troops fighting Islamic militants there have to be trucked in from Pakistan . Officials said militants aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda have carried several attacks there . The Pakistani central government has little control in the area , and the area is believed to be a haven for militants . On Tuesday , as many as 60 to 70 armed militants launched back-to-back assaults on convoys . The militants seized 13 trucks -- 12 carrying wheat into Afghanistan as part of a World Food Programme convoy , and one transporting Humvees to the U.S.-led coalition , Khyber Agency officials said . Jan said the decision to suspend travel came after local leaders met with representatives of some of the shipping firms . He said trucks will be allowed through the pass once the security situation improves , but did not specify a date . Dozens of trucks idled by the side of roads Sunday in the Khyber Agency and in Peshawar waiting for the green light . In its statement , ISAF said it has "  multiple , robust and complementary lines of support . " It added that for security and geographical reasons , "  the movements of civilian convoys destined for ISAF are coordinated with Pakistani authorities and border crossing points . The current temporary adjustments in convoy movements are as a result of this coordination . " CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO force expects no impact on ability to carry out operations Pakistan suspends convoys into Afghanistan through key mountain pass Route was used to carry food and military supplies to U.S. troops Militants seized U.S. humvees , food aid in ambush earlier this week
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The plastic surgeon who operated on hip-hop star Kanye West 's mother the day before she died abruptly walked off the set of CNN 's "  Larry King Live " Tuesday , saying he was honoring a request from her family . "  I think I 'm taking up your air time , " Dr. Jan Adams tells CNN 's Larry King before walking off . "  I want to thank you for this opportunity , " Dr. Jan Adams told King . "  Basically , I had come here to talk about things in the press that are n't accurate about me . "  But I have a tremendous amount of love and respect for the West family . They asked me not to go on . And I 've said from the very beginning , I do n't have a side in this , " Adams said . "  They are my side , and I 'm going to respect their wishes . I 'm going to apologize to you because I think I 'm taking up your air time , but I will not be on the show and I 'm not going to discuss any of that . I 'm going to honor their wishes . " When King asked Adams if he would ever answer questions regarding the West case , he said , "  I will talk with them , " meaning her family . "  When they are comfortable , then I will be comfortable . If they are never comfortable , then I will never be comfortable . They are what 's important to me , " Adams said . Asked whether he wanted to speak out , Adams said he did not , removed his earpiece and left the set . Watch Adams walk off " Earlier , as the show began , King said Adams had received a letter from West 's family , saying that if Adams discussed West 's case on the show , the family would ask the Medical Board of California to decertify him . Adams ' brief appearance and walkout followed discussions with his attorney and "  Larry King Live " producers . "  To the extent there are issues about even why he 's here , why this is in the media , it relates to the relationship he had with his patient , " Alan Tenenbaum , one of West 's attorneys , told King . Watch CNN 's Lola Ogunnaike describe the backstage drama " "  So until he gets clearance from the family , I do n't think it would be fair or right for him to talk about these things . " The letter from West family attorneys asking Adams not to go on the show was faxed to one of Adams ' attorneys in California , Tenenbaum said . Watch Larry King discuss the strange scene " West , 58 , died November 10 after she was found unresponsive and in respiratory distress at her home , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's office said . Her funeral was held Tuesday in Spencer , Oklahoma . An autopsy was inconclusive pending the results of toxicology tests , coroner 's spokesman Ed Winter said last week . But preliminary reports indicate West may have died from complications of cosmetic surgery , which was performed by Adams the day before , he said . Adams told TMZ.com that he performed a tummy tuck and breast reduction on West and that her death was unforeseen . But another Beverly Hills cosmetic surgeon said he had recently refused to perform a procedure on West until she had medical clearance for a condition he feared could lead to a heart attack . "  The preliminary information we had indicated that she had several minor medical issues , but I ca n't comment on those , " Winter said . West was taking some medications , Winter added , but could not say which ones and in what dosages pending the toxicology reports . West was in good condition before the surgery , Winter said . Investigators are talking with Adams about the surgery . Adams told TMZ.com that West 's death could have been caused by a heart attack , pulmonary embolism or massive vomiting . He said he consulted with her for months and she changed her mind several times about going forward with the surgery , TMZ.com said . TMZ.com , like CNN , is owned by Time Warner . Legal documents filed in California show that Adams faces disciplinary action from the state Medical Board for multiple DUI convictions and that he has paid nearly $ 500,000 in at least two malpractice lawsuits . Last week , Beverly Hills cosmetic surgeon Andre Aboolian said through his publicist that Donda West consulted him in June about a procedure . Publicist Jo-Ann Geffen said West contacted Aboolian again two weeks ago to say she was ready to go forward , but Aboolian said he needed a medical clearance before he would perform the surgery . "  I always insist on a medical clearance for women over 40 , and in this instance it was particularly important because of a condition she had that I felt could have led to a heart attack , " Aboolian said , according to Geffen 's statement . West was scheduled to see an internist for the appropriate tests , but did not keep the appointment , Geffen said . Donda West was a major influence on her son 's life , as the music producer-singer-songwriter has often said -- including in lyrics to some of his songs . She regularly attended her son 's concerts and was at his performance at the MTV Video Music Awards in September . E-mail to a friend	Dr. Jan Adams says family of Kanye West 's mother "  asked me not to go on " Adams says he does not want to speak , removes his earpiece and leaves the set Donda West died November 10 , a day after cosmetic surgery Preliminary reports : West may have died from complications from the surgery
Jinan , China  CNN  -- Calling his former deputy a "  liar with extremely bad character , " fallen high-flying politician Bo Xilai on Sunday rebutted the testimony of the prosecution 's star witness as his increasingly dramatic trial stretched into a fourth day . The former Communist Party chief of the sprawling southwestern metropolis of Chongqing has denied abusing his power -- the third and final charge being heard in court in Jinan , eastern China , long after he was stripped of his posts and expelled from the party . Prosecutors accuse Bo of threatening and improperly firing his former police chief Wang Lijun after learning about a murder investigation involving Bo 's wife Gu Kailai , who is currently serving a suspended death sentence for killing British businessman Neil Heywood . On Sunday , Bo insisted that Wang was lying throughout his court appearance , and said his words lacked any credibility or legal standing . Wang took the witness stand Saturday , providing the first opportunity for the two former allies to confront each other since Wang 's attempted defection to the United States in early February 2012 . Analysis : How , why Chinese politician veered off script Wang told the court he fled to the U.S. consulate in Chengdu because he feared for his safety following a tense encounter in Bo 's office , just one day after Wang told Bo about his wife 's suspected involvement in murder . "  He started verbally assaulting me ... and about three minutes later , he walked around the left side of his desk and stood in front me . He suddenly attacked me with his fist , hitting on my left ear -- it was not just a slap , " Wang recalled , according to a court transcript . On Sunday , Bo said : "  He said I did n't just slap him but punched him . I never practiced martial arts -- I do n't possess such striking power , " according to a transcript released by the Jinan Intermediate People 's court . Bo added : "  After being convicted for abuse of power and defection , he still argued that he did n't defect but engaged in diplomacy in accordance with regulations . "  All this shows this man has extremely bad character and lies on the spot . " The trial was adjourned after the Sunday morning session and will resume Monday morning . During trial , Xilai keeps up his counterattack The story behind the ` slap ' On Saturday , Bo conceded he had made mistakes but denied he broke the law to protect his wife . "  I have made mistakes . I feel regret and I 'm willing to take responsibility , " Bo said . "  But whether or not I 've committed a crime is a different issue . " "  I did n't bend the law to protect Gu Kailai , " he said . "  I did n't force Wang Lijun out or force him to defect to the United States . " Bo did acknowledge slapping Wang in the face -- a key moment long considered a turning point in the two men 's relationship -- during the office confrontation , claiming he believed Wang was trumping up charges against Gu and thus furious at his "  double-faced " deputy who had faked his loyalty to the Bo family . According to a court transcript , Wang said it was more than a slap and that the blow had caused a "  discharge " from his ear . "  My body shook a little ... and I found blood at the corner of my mouth and discharge in my ear , " he continued . "  I wiped the blood off with a tissue , but when he heard me calmly tell him again that he had to face the reality , he threw a glass on the ground while saying ` I 'll never accept it . ' " Wang told prosecutors that Bo 's physical violence against him as well as the disappearance of his aides and investigators led to his decision to seek refuge in the U.S. diplomatic mission in Chengdu . When Bo was allowed to question the witness , Wang revealed in an exchange that Gu had told him about her intention to kill a day before the murder . And when Bo asked Wang : "  Did you think I was forcing you out in an attempt to cover up  my wife 's murder  case ? " Wang replied : "  Yes . " The trial by social media Embezzlement and corruption charges Earlier Saturday , Bo kept up his vigorous defense against embezzlement charges and , as he did Friday on corruption charges , and dismissed testimony from his jailed wife as a desperate attempt to reduce her own sentencing . Gu was sentenced last August for killing Heywood in a Chongqing hotel room in November 2011 . She gave her testimony to the court via video and said that Bo was well aware of multi-million dollar dealings to fund their and their younger son 's jet-setting lifestyle . "  I have feelings for Gu Kailai , " Bo said Saturday morning , after admitting to an extramarital affair . "  She is a vulnerable woman ... and who else could she turn in ? That 's why all accusations against me originated from her . " Prosecutors allege that Bo received five million renminbi  $ 820,000  of public funds from a local urban planning official in Dalian , Liaoning Province , in the early 2000s when he was mayor and later the provincial governor . Bo slammed the allegations as "  contradictory " and denied that he needed to take the money as his wife earned millions of dollars from her five law firms . Under the bribery indictment , prosecutors accuse Bo of using his political posts to secure influence for others . They say that between 2000 and 2012 , Bo , Gu and their son , Bo Guagua , received about 22 million renminbi  $ 3.6 million  in bribes from businessmen in Dalian . Bo Guagua hopes father can ` answer his critics ' Bo 's fall from grace Bo is a princeling , a term that refers to the children of revolutionary veterans who boast of political connections and influence . His late father , Bo Yibo , was a revolutionary contemporary of Chairman Mao Zedong and the late paramount leader Deng Xiaoping . Over the past three decades , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party . A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo -- with the help of Wang -- was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing . Bo 's glittering career , in which he drew admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year amid a scandal involving murder , corruption and betrayal . Wang 's attempted defection precipitated Bo 's political demise . After Gu 's sentencing last August , Wang was convicted of bending the law for selfish ends , defection , abuse of power and bribe-taking . He received a 15-year prison sentence . Bo 's trial is seen as a potentially concluding chapter in the scandal . His high profile and connections among the nation 's ruling elite have made his case -- with its tales of greed and wrongdoing by a top official and his family -- an extremely delicate matter for Chinese authorities . It 's taken more than a year , during which time the Communist Party has undergone a major leadership change , to bring him to trial . Many observers had expected proceedings to stick closely to a pre-planned script , seeing the trial 's outcome as the result of a political deal struck between Bo and China 's top leaders . But as he often did in his political career , Bo has so far stolen the show , mounting a robust attack on the prosecution 's case and ridiculing witness testimony . That has left China watchers trying to figure out how far he 's veered off script . Journalists from the international news media have n't been allowed inside the courtroom . But the court 's official microblog account has delivered updates on developments inside , attracting more than half a million followers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . CNN has n't been able to verify how accurate and comprehensive the court 's version of proceedings has been . But many observers have interpreted it as a reasonably close , albeit filtered , account . Timeline : Bo Xilai scandal CNN 's Jethro Mullen , David McKenzie and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	Bo Xilai slams his former police chief as a "  liar with extremely bad character " Trial adjourned after half a day on Sunday , to resume for day 5 on Monday Bo facing trial for corruption , embezzlement and abuse of power Wang says he tried to seek U.S. asylum because he feared for his safety
CNN  -- To say the gone-too-soon series "  Firefly " has a devoted fan base might be the biggest understatement in sci-fi fandom . Eight years after Fox grounded the crew from Serenity , a loyal following still longs for any chance to return to director Joss Whedon 's fully realized mashup of outer space and the Old West . Luckily for them , Whedon is a comic-book fan . In 2005 's "  Serenity : Those Left Behind " and 2008 's "  Serenity : Better Days " -- both produced by Whedon for Dark Horse Comics -- we get to see Captain Mal and friends in action . Now , with "  Serenity : Float Out , " there 's a chance to stop in for a more personal visit with one of the crew 's most beloved characters . "  Float Out , " released Thursday by Dark Horse , is written by actor , comedian and "  Firefly " devotee Patton Oswalt based on an idea he floated to Whedon . It focuses on Wash , the wise-cracking ace pilot whose stunning death at the end of "  Serenity " can still bring some devoted browncoats to tears with a single mention . The one-off book opens with three friends of Wash  full name : Hoban Washburne  pausing to remember him before christening a new ship -- The Jetwash -- in his honor . That setup serves as an excuse to flash back to three stories from Wash 's past , each showing a different side of his endearing personality . Diehard fans wo n't learn a whole lot about Wash that they did n't already know . And anyone hoping to see the entire Serenity crew back together will be disappointed . But Wash and surprise endings apparently go together . There 's a big one in the book 's final pages -- one that both offers a huge emotional payoff for "  Firefly " fans and will have them desperately hoping for more . Different from Whedon 's fully involved "  Buffy " series on Dark Horse , the occasional "  Serenity " books feel like brief visits with old friends . And "  Float Out " is a good one . The next visit is scheduled for November , when "  Serenity : The Shepherd 's Tale , " a look at the backstory of Shepherd Book , is due to be released .	New "  Serenity " comic focuses on fan favorite Wash "  Float Out " has a surprise ending that we wo n't spoil Next up for "  Serenity " : The Shepherd gets a story
Maria Sharapova certainly means business when she steps onto a tennis court . Whatever the situation , winning or losing , there is no let-up . A big serve , blistering ground strokes , winning points often greeted with a clenched fist and shrieks of exultation . Opponents are not so much beaten as bludgeoned into submission -- although at the handshake Sharapova is never less than courteous and sporting , the intensity replaced by a smile . It 's a winning formula that has brought the 24-year-old Russian three grand slam titles and made her the highest-paid sportswoman in the world , with an eight-year Nike deal worth a reported $ 70 million . Sharapova : Serving social media or backhanded marketing ? She can return to the top of the world rankings by winning Saturday 's Australian Open final , capping a remarkable comeback after injuries almost ended her career . With such a hunger for success , it 's no surprise that Sharapova pays great attention to every aspect of her performance -- and that extends to her on-court appearance and apparel . "  When you look good , you feel good , " she told CNN . "  Confidence with what you 're wearing is very important . If you feel good , you will always perform your best without worrying about anything . " A shrewd businesswoman off the court , Sharapova took matters into her own hands with her own range of clothing and footwear , which has developed into a successful commercial venture . The Maria Sharapova Collection is made in collaboration with her sportswear sponsors and leading fashion house Cole Haan . First launched at the Australian Open two years ago , the design brief is to come up with a separate outfit for each grand slam . This year 's offering in Melbourne is called "  The Statement Slam . " Sharapova has already made a big statement by beating Petra Kvitova , her conqueror in last year 's Wimbledon final , to set up a title clash with Victoria Azarenka . Maybe , just maybe , the outfit played its part . The PR handout from Nike would certainly have us believe it . "  The carefully-constructed vents with mesh inlays along the bodice reflect the breathable gills of a powerful shark or super-charged race car and help keep Sharapova cool and ready to attack . Contrast color in the mesh becomes a stealth weapon to distract the opponent . " Whatever the hype , a great deal of work goes into the final product , with the process starting up to 18 months before it is unveiled and made available to the general public . Sharapova is intimately involved in the design process of the outfit to which she lends her name , coming up with sketches and design ideas . "  It 's exciting to see my collections in the store , " she said . "  What 's even more thrilling is to see women wearing and loving the product . If I can create something that allows a woman to feel better -- that is the true reward . " Several young female players on the WTA Tour sport her collection in tournament play , including Sofia Arvidsson , Kai-Chen Chang , Indy De Vroome , Andrea Hlavackova , Madison Keys and Anastasia Pivovarova . In fact , her reputation for fashion sense is already legendary among the game 's elite . When Rafael Nadal was questioned at the Australian Open about the design of his training top , the world No. 2 owned up . "  I 'm not Sharapova , " the Spaniard told reporters . "  Maria is doing it . I just say , ' I like , I do n't like ! ' " Don Hightower , the president of major U.S. retailer Tennis Warehouse , told CNN that the clothing range was well thought out . "  It 's the perfect combination of fashion and function . Maria 's dress has become consistently more marketable over the last few years , " he said . But she faces as much competition off the court as on it . Especially among the women , the leading tennis players are battling for world domination in the fashion stakes . The Williams sisters Serena and Venus have their own ranges , while recently-deposed No. 1 Caroline Wozniacki has paired with British designer Stella McCartney to produce eye-catching outfits . Hightower said his outlets see a spike during the grand slams as customers want to purchase the latest ranges , but noted that the Sharapova-led Nike offering is "  the clear leader in women 's tennis apparel . " Sharapova has history in setting fashion trends -- the diamond-encrusted ` Little Black Dress " she wore on the way to winning the 2006 U.S. Open was widely acclaimed . At the time , Nike did not market the outfit for wider distribution , but the company is determined to avoid a repeat and capitalize on Sharapova 's global appeal . Her collaboration with Cole Haan has extended to an exclusive range of women 's fashion clothing and a series of glitzy publicity launches . It undoubtedly helps that Sharapova -- at 1.88 meters  six foot two inches  -- has the natural height of a supermodel and is the perfect showcase for her creations . "  Since I was young , the artistic expression that fashion embodies has inspired me , " Sharapova said . "  It 's a way to communicate oneself . " When Sharapova does decide to hang up her rackets , it is fair to assume that she will utilize her flair for design and business savvy to extend her fashion empire . She would follow legendary style names such as 1930s tennis icons Henri Lacoste and Fred Perry , while of the more recently retired stars Martina Hingis has a new collection set to hit the stores . For now , tennis takes precedence , and success in the 2012 season is a priority . "  I 'm focused on going out every day and doing my best , " Sharapova said . Of that there is no doubt .	Maria Sharapova has designed her own clothing for grand slams since 2010 The collection has proved a popular item in the tennis retail world The Russian superstar collaborates with fashion house Cole Haan She plays Victoria Azarenka in the women 's singles final at the Australian Open
CNN  -- Gregory Sancoff thinks he knows what the Navy needs , even before U.S. war planners do . The Navy , he says , needs Ghost . Sancoff is CEO of Juliet Marine Systems â $ " maker of a futuristic-looking , 21st-century warship that he says can protect large Navy ships from attacks by small boats . Simply put , Ghost looks a lot like an F-117 "  stealth " attack jet â $ " on skis . A year after unveiling Ghost and pricing it at $ 10 million per boat , the Navy has unofficially expressed interest , Sancoff said , but nothing more . The 60-foot long Ghost is shown bristling with weapons in slickly produced Juliet videos while its stealthy silhouette slices effortlessly and ominously through the water . It surpasses 50 knots  57 mph  by surrounding each ski with a bubble of air that helps it cut through water much easier than regular boats . It 's a concept called super-cavitation . Ghost can be operated by a three-person crew . But this vessel also performs without a crew if needed , operated by remote control from a nearby ship . It can deploy 18 special forces troops without drawing too much attention . If Washington is n't taking a close look at Ghost , Sancoff wants to know if it 's because his firm is too small . "  Our country right now is not that aggressive when it comes to working with small , innovative , high-tech companies , " Sancoff told CNN on the phone this week . "  I love to pose the question : Where are the Googles , the Microsofts , the Apples , in the defense industry ? " "  A lot of times the reason why small companies do n't venture into it is because the barriers of entry are so difficult . " For its part , the Pentagon says there 's no official "  requirement " for Ghost . Translation : Before the Navy can contract to buy Juliet 's Ghosts , war planners must tell Congress it 's necessary for the nation 's defense plan . Then the Pentagon would have to persuade lawmakers to shell out tax dollars to buy it . The Pentagon would n't comment to CNN specifically about Ghost . But Cmdr. Thurraya Kent , a spokeswoman for the assistant secretary of the Navy for research , development and acquisition , told CNN in an e-mail , "  It 's not procedure to procure a system without established requirements . " "  That said , industry input is encouraged and assists the -LSB- Department of the Navy -RSB- with innovation and the pursuit of emerging technologies , " Kent wrote . Sancoff said his company is "  in constant communications with the Navy , " but "  it 's very , very difficult to get through to the decision makers at the Pentagon today . " Officials representing Bahrain , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and Japan have engaged in "  serious discussions " about Ghost with Juliet Marine , Sancoff said . But so far , none have signed purchase contracts . It 's unusual for a private contractor to build a near-fully functional prototype naval vessel long before the Pentagon has committed to a purchase . "  We understood really early on that when you bring something this revolutionary to the government , it 's not going to be readily accepted . We knew we had to prove the technology worked to even sell it . " Clearly , Sancoff is deeply committed to his company 's project . And he has been since 2000 , when 17 sailors died in Yemen in the infamous attack on the Navy destroyer USS Cole . Al Qaeda terrorists in a small boat set off explosives near the Cole , revealing the threat that small , high-speed boats pose to U.S warships near coastlines . "  That showed every terrorist you can take very few assets and very little money and you can just about sink a Navy destroyer , " Sancoff said . Now 14 years later , Sancoff said such attacks remain among the Navy 's biggest threats . He 's pushing Ghost as a deterrent to protect thousands of sailors who he said are still in harm 's way in the Persian Gulf . Longtime Washington-based defense policy expert John Pike , director of GlobalSecurity.org told CNN , "  It 's hard to see what problem -LSB- Ghost -RSB- solves that has n't already been solved several other ways . " Traditionally the Navy "  has n't had much use for such small craft , " Pike wrote to CNN via e-mail , "  apart from inshore operations , since they generally do n't operate well in the open ocean due to large waves . " Ghost is incredibly stable in heavy seas , Sancoff said , thanks to a gyroscope-stablized platform with sensors constantly monitoring and compensating for the rolling waves . "  One of the obstacles that we 've had to face , " he said , "  is that when you 're introducing something so new as Ghost -- something that has n't been done before , thought of before , that flies completely differently than any other vessel -- it takes time for the government to be able to understand and to adapt to it . " For generations it 's been common for companies to take decades to develop and sell a successful weapons program to Uncle Sam . "  We set out to change that paradigm , " he said . "  This is much more like you 'd see a high-tech start-up develop their business . " That reminds Sancoff of another machine that the U.S. failed to embrace quickly . "  The Wright brothers tried to convince the secretary of war for years that an airplane was viable , " Sancoff said , but , according to historians , "  initial negotiations went nowhere . " And we all know what happened after that .	Company offers Pentagon a fast , stealthy attack boat called Ghost Ghost could guard ships like USS Cole against terrorist attacks , maker says U.S. Navy has unofficially expressed interest , maker says , but nothing more Manufacturer : It 's "  very difficult to get through to Pentagon decision makers "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistan Taliban claimed responsibility Thursday for a suicide bombing outside a police station in northwestern Pakistan that left at least 25 people dead , saying it was part of a series of attacks to avenge the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . In a phone call to CNN , Taliban spokesman Ihsan Ullah Ihsan said Pakistani security forces and government officials are killing innocent mujahedeen and "  we will take revenge from them by killing their loved ones , as we did in Thursday 's attack . " At least 56 people were injured in the explosion , which happened near local law-enforcement and court buildings , said Abdul Rasheed , the police chief of Hangu district . The district is in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province , not far from the border with Afghanistan . The suicide bomber blew himself up in a car , said Masood Khan Afridi , a senior police official in Hangu . Pakistani Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani "  strongly condemned " the attack , according to a statement from his office . "  The prime minister , while reiterating the government 's resolve to fight the terrorist elements until their complete elimination , said that those targeting the innocent people are in fact the enemies of humanity , " the statement said . "  They ... have no regard for the human life or creed as they are following their own nefarious agenda . " Gilani called on the population to unify and "  defeat these anti-state elements , " the statement said , adding that the prime minister also directed law enforcement to mount a rigorous investigation into the attack . A team of U.S. Navy SEALs raided bin Laden 's compound and killed him May 2 in Abbottabad , Pakistan . Several al Qaeda-affiliated groups have vowed to launch attacks in retaliation . CNN 's Nasir Habib contributed to this report	NEW : Afghanistan 's prime minister condemns attack by "  enemies of humanity " The Pakistan Taliban claims responsibility for the attack The blast happened outside a police station A suicide bomber blew himself up near law-enforcement and court buildings
CNN  -- As rooms go , it 's quite nice . It 's shaped like an egg . It has a well-tended garden a few feet out the door , and then an expanse of lawn leading to a fence . It is certainly not the most ornate or luxurious room in the United States . Most five-star hotels have suites that out-glitter it . Any number of corporate CEOs boast offices that are larger and more lavishly outfitted . But the Oval Office at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington has always been the object of a singular kind of yearning . Mitt Romney fervently wants to move into it in January ; Barack Obama just as fervently wants not to move out . This fall 's presidential campaign , which begins in earnest with the Republican National Convention this week , will determine whether it will be Romney or Obama who gets his wish . CNN Poll : Which candidate cares more about you ? Campaigns go by so quickly , and unfold so feverishly , that the combatants can be excused for not dwelling on the fact that each successive occupant of the Oval Office is , by definition , a transient . It 's temporary work , the presidency , and the Oval Office is the traditional home of the most high-level temps in the world . I 've been looking at two pieces of Oval Office video , each mesmerizing , even astonishing , in its own way . Neither was originally intended for public consumption . Each stars a man who is in his final weeks -- or in one case final hours -- as president . One of the men knows it . The other has no idea . The first video consists of outtakes from an interview that Chet Huntley and David Brinkley of NBC News conducted with President John F. Kennedy on September 9 , 1963 . Huntley and Brinkley were at the apex of their fame and journalistic influence ; their evening newscast , "  The Huntley-Brinkley Report , " was expanding from 15 to 30 minutes , and Kennedy had agreed to tape the Oval Office interview to launch the longer show . The main interview had concluded . But on the tape , Kennedy tells Huntley and Brinkley that he is dissatisfied with some of the answers he gave them . He wants to do them over . "  There 's one or two places we 're a little ragged , " he says to the newsmen . And then , to be certain Huntley and Brinkley understand what he is asking for : "  Let 's try and do it again and we 'll see what comes out this time . " They accede ; they redo the questions . And what comes across most strongly in the footage is the complete aura of command that Kennedy projects in that White House office . He appears filled with the Oval Office 's inherent power and authority , and betrays not a smidgen of doubt that , for him , all of that will likely go on . Neither Kennedy , nor Huntley and Brinkley , could have had any inkling that within 12 weeks he would be dead in Dallas , that the two newsmen would be covering his funeral , and that Lyndon Johnson , not he , would be sitting in this office . In the outtakes , Kennedy gives Brinkley advice on whether a new Cary Grant-Audrey Hepburn movie is worth seeing ; Kennedy seems supremely at home and at ease in that room . Leaving it looks to be the furthest thing from his mind . The other piece of videotape features a president who knows that , within 24 hours , he will be leaving the Oval Office , and the presidency , ahead of schedule . Most of us have seen Richard Nixon 's resignation speech from the evening of August 8 , 1974 . But , in the five minutes before he addressed the nation , there was some calibrating of lights and checking of sound levels . Nixon was in the chair behind his desk for that . And it was all being recorded . Through the amalgam of overwhelming emotions that had to have been coursing through him -- he knew what he would be saying to the citizens of the United States a few minutes later -- Nixon grins . It is as if he does not want the technicians to see his anguish To an assistant who , for purposes of lighting adjustments , is sitting in the president 's chair behind the Oval Office desk as Nixon enters the room , Nixon says : "  Hey , you 're better lookin ' than I am . Why do n't you stay here ? " To the person operating the television camera : "  Have you got an extra camera in case the lights go out ? " It 's banter , in a dark American hour . He sit behind his desk and says : "  All Secret Service , are there any Secret Service in the room ? Out . " He gets no response , and because the camera is focused on Nixon we do n't see the Secret Service agents . But it is clear that they do not depart , because Nixon says in their direction : "  You do n't have to stay , do you ? " Then : "  You 're required to ? " Finally : "  I 'm just kidding you . " It is a difficult video to watch , because the moments are so raw . In its own way , it is even more revelatory than the resignation speech itself . Here is a man who worked all his life to make it to this room , and now he -- as Kennedy , in a very different context , did before him -- is leaving it earlier than he thought he would have to . Kennedy and Nixon may be the stars of those videos , but the real star is the room itself -- it is the one aspect of the videos that is sustaining and permanent . Mitt Romney and Barack Obama will battle all fall for the symbolic key to that room , even while knowing that , in the end , it will stop being theirs . Presidents depart ; the Oval Office remains . Which may be at the heart of the lure that has made so many people over the centuries hunger to be there , for however brief or long a stay . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Oval Office for some the most coveted room in the nation ; however transient He says two fraught videos convey how ephemeral a president 's time in the Oval Office is One shows outtakes of interview with supremely confident JFK just months before he died Other shows Nixon bantering awkwardly before resigning , ceding his yearned-for position
About 1 in 7 , or 13.5 percent of adults who encountered intense dust clouds after the collapse of the World Trade Center on September 11 were later found to have asthma , compared with just 8.4 percent who had no dust cloud exposure , researchers in Atlanta and New York City reported on Tuesday . Among rescue workers , the asthma risk was highest for those who worked on the pile on September 11 . Likewise , among various groups of people connected to the Twin Tower collapse , rescue and recovery workers were more likely to have a diagnosis of asthma  12.2 percent  than passers-by  8.4 percent  . The results are from a survey , conducted from November 2006 through December 2007 , to assess the health status of more than 46,000 adults five to six years after the disaster . Health.com : Bad air day ? Here 's how to survive That such a horrific event left lasting physical and emotional scars is , perhaps , no great surprise . Among adults with no prior diagnosis of post-traumatic stress disorder  PTSD  , 23.8 percent have reported symptoms after September 11 , and the prevalence of symptoms has increased over time , researchers reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association . The mental health effects , which can be debilitating and often chronic , "  seem to be the largest health problem coming out of 9/11 " says Lorna Thorpe , Ph.D. , the deputy commissioner of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene Division of Epidemiology and one of the coauthors of the study . "  But immediately after the 9/11 event , I do n't think there was a clear understanding of what the physical impacts would be . " Health.com : Is your child 's asthma under control ? Take this test People in the vicinity of the collapse had "  the potential to inhale huge amounts of particulate matter , " observes Joan Reibman , M.D. , an associate professor of medicine and environmental medicine at the New York University School of Medicine and the director of the school 's Bellevue Asthma Center , who was not involved in the study . "  We think that could act as a real irritant to the airways . " Some 23 million Americans have asthma , a lung condition that causes airway swelling and inflammation . People with asthma may experience repeated bouts of coughing , wheezing , shortness of breath , and tightness in the chest . Anthony M. Szema , M.D. , an assistant professor of medicine and surgery and the head of the allergy diagnostic unit at SUNY Stony Brook School of Medicine , has studied the effects of the World Trade Center collapse on children living in Manhattan 's Chinatown . His team 's most recent study , accepted for publication in Allergy & Asthma Proceedings , will show that the rate of asthma at the closest elementary school to the World Trade Center  29 percent  is high compared with the rate of asthma in children in the general population . According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  CDC  , 9.3 percent of U.S. children have asthma . " -LSB- The new study -RSB- is entirely congruous with our findings , " he says . Health.com : As a new mom , I struggled with my daughter 's chronic cough The CDC 's Robert M. Brackbill , Ph.D. , M.P.H. , led the team of New York City and Columbia University researchers whose study examined the longer-term health impact of exposure to Ground Zero and its varying effect across groups of people . The analysis is based on data from the World Trade Center Health Registry , described as the largest post-disaster-exposure registry in U.S. history . More than 71,000 rescue and recovery workers , lower Manhattan office workers , nearby residents , and passers-by enrolled in the registry . Participants were interviewed from September 2003 through November 2004 to record their exposure to the disaster and document their pre - and post-event health status , and again in 2006-2007 . Health.com : Diabetes plus stress can equal high blood sugar For each group followed , intense exposure to the dust plume was associated with new asthma diagnoses . Among rescue and recovery workers , for example , the asthma risk was highest for those who worked on the pile on September 11 . The risk diminished with later start dates . However , even downtown office workers and lower Manhattan residents were affected . Among these people , the risk of asthma was highest if there was a heavy coating of dust in their home or office , compared with no such damage . "  It shows that people who had heavy dust exposure in the initial period , that this was a risk to developing asthma but not the only risk , " says Reibman , who also serves as the director of New York City 's World Trade Center Environmental Health Center , one of three centers dedicated to treating September 11-related conditions . Reibman says the new study is important because , in addition to corroborating previous studies , it should help people with September 11-related asthma realize that their symptoms are real . Health.com : Managing the highs and lows of manic depression "  I think it helps us understand that there 's a cause for many of these symptoms , " she says . She encourages people to recognize their symptoms and seek a proper diagnosis and treatment . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Health survey looked at 46,000 adults five to six years after 9/11 attacks Adults who were expose to intense dust clouds developed asthma at higher rates 23 million Americans have asthma , which causes airway swelling and inflammation
TAMPA , Florida  CNN  -- There 's probably no way to describe the feeling . Joe Pirrone 's pride and joy , his F350 Super Duty turbo diesel truck , turned out to be a stolen "  clone . " One moment , Guiseppe "  Joe " Pirrone was on a long weekend at the beach . The next moment , he found out the pickup that he bought a year ago is stolen , and he is still on the hook for the $ 27,000 loan . Stories like Pirrone 's are scattered across the country , and Tuesday the FBI announced that it has broken up one of the largest auto theft cases in the U.S. Capping "  Operation Dual Identity , " arrest warrants for 17 people were executed in Tampa and Miami , Florida ; Chicago , Illinois ; and in Mexico City and Guadalajara , Mexico . The suspects were accused of "  cloning " vehicles , which is making stolen cars look like legal ones . The FBI says that the ring was operating in the U.S. for more than 20 years . More than 1,000 vehicles were stolen in Florida , with more than $ 25 million in losses to consumers and banks . "  Individuals have been victimized at every level , from the average Joe , to the banks , to big companies , " said Dave Couvertier , of the FBI 's Tampa field office . Car theft rings clone vehicles by taking license plates , vehicle identification numbers  VIN  , and other tags and stickers from a legal car and putting them on a stolen vehicle of similar make and model . "  This does not just affect big business . Anyone could become an unwitting victim of this particular scam . It could happen to anyone , " said Couvertier . Pirrone knows how it was done because it happened to him . Last year , he bought a used 2005 F350 Super Duty turbo diesel pickup to use for his landscape business in Fort Myers , Florida . He bought it off a small used car lot and took out a $ 27,000 loan from a credit union . "  I had it for about nine months . It was a great truck , " he told CNN . In the fall , Pirrone decided to drive across the state to spend a long weekend in Fort Lauderdale . He was lying on the beach when his father called him to tell him that a detective from the Lee County Sheriff 's Office was at his house with a tow truck . Pirrone got back in his car and drove back home immediately . "  I was confused , honestly , " he said . "  I had to ask the detective for credentials . I did n't believe what was going on . " Pirrone said the detective explained to him that he was the victim of a scam , that he was sold stolen goods . Left without a truck , Pirrone called the Suncoast Schools Federal Credit Union . He found that his $ 536 a month payment would live on after his truck was long gone . Pirrone said he was able to get a 30-day payment exemption , but was told that he had a signed agreement with the bank , and he was still obligated to pay the loan in full . "  I am making payments on a piece of property that I do n't have , " Pirrone said . "  They ca n't even repossess it . The bank does n't have any help to offer me . " The bank is a victim in the car cloning scam as well . Lisa Brock , a spokeswoman for Suncoast Schools Federal Credit Union , told CNN that the company never discusses private information about any of its members . "  It is a police matter , and it 's nothing we can make any substantial comment on , " she said . Pirrone has hired an attorney , and he is considering filing a lawsuit against the dealership to get the bank 's money back . Pirrone said he was advised by his lawyer not to name the used car lot . Law enforcement hopes that this is the beginning of the end of the "  car cloning " scam . The National Motor Vehicle Information system  NMVTIS  database was implemented in January . It allows state DMVs to share title and registration information . Cloned vehicles were moved and sold to buyers in 20 states and several countries , often for less than market value , the FBI said . Many of the vehicles were exchanged for drugs , according to the bureau . The FBI says that people need to be careful when buying a car independently . "  Folks should be educated enough so that they do n't buy a car from a stranger , on the street , or in a back alley somewhere , " said the FBI 's Dave Couvertier . "  And if you 're getting it for too good a deal , it should be raising flags . " Like so many others , Pirrone is feeling the economic squeeze . Without a truck , he had to sell his landscaping business , which he had as a side business . He is still working his other job as a restaurant manager . "  It 's not a good time for this to happen . I 've had hours cut back at work , I 'm not making what I used to make . " "  I do n't know what 's real anymore , " he said . CNN National Correspondent Susan Candiotti contributed to this story .	FBI to announce 17 arrests in huge "  car cloning " scam Under scam , VINs , other details taken from legal car , given to similar stolen model In one case , owner lost truck but was still saddled with payments Ring stretched from Chicago to Florida to central Mexico
